Why does America lead the world in school shootings?  Global Public Square - CNN.com BlogsEDITION: U.S.INTERNATIONALMXICOARABICTV: CNNCNNiCNN en EspaolHLNSign upLog inHomeTV & VideoCNN TrendsU.S.WorldPoliticsJusticeEntertainmentTechHealthLivingTravelOpinioniReportMoneySportsMainBy FareedGPS podcastsTIME columnsMoneyElectionsConflictBooksFacebookTwitterWhat we get wrong about ChinaIs China good or bad for Africa?2012: A year of global electionsThe quiz archive: Who's in Google map flap?Our misconceptions about MexicoWho was the best foreign policy president?3 challenges for China's leadersPuppy or panda?Buy GPS on iTunes!Click to watch videoFebruary 28th, 201207:00 AM ETShare this on:FacebookTwitterDiggdel.icio.usredditMySpaceStumbleUponWhy does America lead the world in school shootings? Editor's Note: Dr. Frank Ochberg is Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at Michigan State University and former Associate Director of the National Institute of Mental Health.By Frank Ochberg - Special to CNNSchool shootings are far more frequent in America than in other countries, although terrible massacres have occurred in Russia, Israel, and several European nations. In the high-crime neighborhoods of inner cities, school turf is relatively safe. We have learned to harden the target and patrol with vigilance.And even in those suburbs and small towns where spree killings have occurred, the rates, per capita, are lower now than in previous decades. School is a safe place - until, as in Chardon, Ohio, the unspeakable happens. Then, even though the risks are low, it is fair to ask, why does this still happen? Why here, in America?Let's be clear. There is no single, certain answer to these questions. The possible factors include failure by classmates, parents and school officials to see the warning signs; bullying and revenge; serious mental illness; violent role models; drugs; access to guns, and a culture that condones extremism.America has its share of these factors, but which are significant and which are more prevalent here than across the Atlantic?Warning signsStudents do not become mass killers overnight. They nurse their fantasies and they leak evidence. Insults, threats and plans are posted on websites. Classmates often know when a student is ready to strike back. Parents hear rumblings and have accurate gut sensations.Within our country there are communities and neighborhoods and school districts that are relatively cohesive, vigilant and able to discuss warning signs of danger. There are some communities that are not as well integrated. They must be coached and helped.After Columbine and Virginia Tech and other notorious school shootings, new programs to share information were developed and several plots were nipped in the bud. This evolution of information sharing occurs in other countries, but it is difficult to measure, nation to nation, who is ahead and who is behind. I see no proof that America is losing this race to improve detection of warning signs.Bullying and revengeWe have too many bullies and too many youngsters at the mercy of bullies. But we also have a growing system of anti-bullying school programs. Despite rumors to the contrary, the Columbine killers were not bullied. There is no evidence that America, compared to other nations, has more bullies, more bullying, more victimization, and more victims who are ticking time bombs, hatching plots of lethal vengeance. However, we certainly can and should promote school programs that protect all children from stalking, hazing, and the new, evolving forms of abuse: Ostracism and humiliation through electronic social networks.When boys are bullied they may fantasize about revenge. To dream of turning the tables on a bully is common to all eras, most cultures, and the source of drama, film and literature from the Elizabethan stage to the spaghetti Western. But whether a slowly evolving fantasy of mass murder is a product of mental illness, of bullying or of other sources, there are usually signs along the way.Major mental illnessWe do not have more major mental illness than most other countries. But we may be less caring of our mentally ill. Back in the Kennedy era, we launched community mental health programs to care for people with schizophrenia and similarly severe disorders, including depression. We wanted treatment available close to home, with compassionate supervision and with proper medication. We tried to stop the revolving door to the asylum, and, in fact, we tore down the large state hospitals. Our best intentions failed.The program was never fully funded and our American system of care leaves much to be desired. The most serious mental illnesses, schizophrenia and depression, often become overt in adolescence. A boy who is smart enough to get into a good college becomes deluded, obsessed, strange, scary - and he gets rejected, isolated and stuck in a fantasy world. Those fantasies can become lethal. These forms of mental illness are seldom the source of homicide (far more often they torment and demoralize the disturbed individual).But when they are dangerous to others, we need good answers.We do not have a sophisticated system of care and protection. If we did, Mr. Cho would not have killed 32 students at Virginia Tech. But America is really no worse than other nations when it comes to the numbers of seriously mentally ill, of violently mentally ill, of insufficiently treated violent mentally ill school-age boys. (Yes, we are talking about boys and young men; by far, they are the school shooters).Violent role modelsViolent role models, on the street, in the cinema, in the news, have been with us for as long as I recall, and are not limited to America. Back in the '60s, an American counter culture leader said, "Violence is as American as cherry pie." But other parts of the world, such as Northern Ireland, the Balkans, the children's armies of Africa, the terrorist camps of the Middle East, have their violent role models. Machismo is not an American word, nor is Hooligan.DrugsWe do have drugs and a drug culture and aspects of this problem are more severe here than in many other parts of the world. Crime is connected to the drug trade and this crime can spill into the school. But the type of school shooting that occurs in the suburb is seldom connected to this urban issue. There may be an indirect connection, since drug wars arm young soldiers of drug wars, and arms are a large issue in America.Access to gunsAccess to guns is a significant factor in American school shootings. If kids could not and did not bring guns to school, we wouldn't have Columbine, Virginia Tech or Chardon, Ohio. There have been crimes with knives and bats and fists. But school shootings are gun crimes. Kids with guns kill kids at school.I do not think America is an extremist nation, compared to other nations with bloody histories and despotic leaders. True, we have polarized political speech, and some of that speech is about access to guns. But the reason we have an American school shooting problem that exceeds other nations has to do with access to loaded weapons by kids who should not have that access.I'm not offering a gun control solution. But any serious attempt to prevent school shooting will have to attack the problem by determining who should not be armed, and preventing dangerous boys from bringing guns to school.The views expressed in this article are solely those of Frank Ochberg. For more on the subject of school shootings, Dr. Ochberg recommends reading reports by the U.S. Secret Service and the FBI.Topics: United StatesYouthWe recommendFrom around the webNext entry Why we miss school shooting warning signs  Previous entryCan Saudi Arabia avoid an uprising? soundoff (2,129 Responses)jalCant outsource schooling...or can you?  I will let the 1% decide that for us.  After all, they are the job creators and this nations problem solvers.  Heck, Mitt Romney works harder in one day than a well trained electrical engineer does in 1 full year!February 28, 2012 at 7:33 am | Reply Victor E. MaffeiBecause guns are there for it, stupid!!!February 28, 2012 at 9:13 am | Reply IggyCGuns are the tool, we need to find the motive.February 28, 2012 at 9:22 am | Emmy Skaddittlebut if the tool wasn't available, they wouldn't have been shotFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:34 am | BzzarrIggy-Mean while lets lock up the tool room.February 28, 2012 at 9:35 am | AceRyderBzaar, so to stop the what, maybe dozen's of deaths by crazy, gun weilding teens, you'd take firearms away from EVERYONE else?  Leave firearms only with criminals, the ones who aren't afraid of jail and wouldn't comply with requirments to surrender a weapon?February 28, 2012 at 9:40 am | ThePROFESS10NALIf there is a way to kill someone, it will happen regardless of guns. Guns are part of our reality and they wont be going anywhere EVER. No such thing as getting rid of them. You take them from people, the criminals will find a way to get them... and if not that, they will find a way to make one.February 28, 2012 at 9:44 am | nerve9Yeah, but you don't leave your table saw unsecured around children, do you.February 28, 2012 at 9:53 am | The REAL Truth...@AceRyder  here we go again, the same old whine. "But Mom, theirs is bigger than mine, so I need a bigger one!"  Did it ever occur to you that criminals (who will always be criminals BTW) may not find the need to "carry" if hand guns were banned and controlled. No one is talking about taking away ALL guns, just those that are as easy to get as drugs!February 28, 2012 at 9:56 am | KipGuns are already illegal for kids to carry guns. Its already illegal to have a weapon on campus. Its Illegal in most cases to shoot some one.February 28, 2012 at 10:15 am | Jerry, FloridaIt's not handguns as many shootings are done with rifles as well.  In other countries people run amok with machetes, and of course there are suicide bombers as well.  There is NO one answer.February 28, 2012 at 10:17 am | DonGuns are a tool this is true but a tool with a very specific purpose, to kill. When that tool is left all around and is way too easy to acquire because of gun fanatics and the NRA those tools get misused like any tool does when it is not put in specific places and kept to where it is to be used. You want to end the school shooting and a great deal of the crime in America, where we have more people die from guns than anywhere else in the world, you need to  limit the access to guns and control how they are stored, kept, and owned. Yes, I know, if we do not have guns only criminals will have guns. Criminals get guns easily because so many lame people own them and do not keep them safely locked up, no supply of guns. criminals do not have guns. And as far as protecting against government take over, your puny rifle is really going to defend against an armored personal carrier or tank filled with soldiers in body armor and weapons that will destroy anything you hide behind. Get real, the only people who go off about having guns are very paranoid individuals who have an inferiority complex in the jeans and feel that big ole gun will make up for it somehow.February 28, 2012 at 10:29 am | j. von hettlingenYes, apart from the easy access to guns, one also has to look at the social aspect of these tragedies. Very often we have youngsters who are neglected at home and excluded from the society. At school they feel discriminated not only by their shoolmates, also by the teachers. A twist of fate and the  irreparable  damage is done.February 28, 2012 at 10:29 am | PaulLack of access is the key.  As one poster stated (paraphrasing), one does not leave the table saw wide open and available to those who do not know how to operate it.  Similarly, I make my firearms inaccessable to my children (and my table saw key as well).February 28, 2012 at 10:33 am | JayTrue... USA is the only country where everyone have access to guns, including children. You have disagreement with somebody, go home and take a gun and shoot.. go and kill each other America until you learn..February 28, 2012 at 10:38 am | Falconi@Jay  See Switzerland for more information on gun access.  Here's a hint:  The Swiss model was what our founding fathers based the Second Amendment upon.  My opinion:  The problem starts in the home.  Not only with PARENTS who leave guns available for their children, but also with PARENTS who do not properly educate their children.  We cannot rely on our public education to instill the moral fiber that we (You and I) hold dear.  That must be done in the home.February 28, 2012 at 10:55 am | BreezeExactly!  Marijuana is a "tool" to get high but it illegal because the government does not want us to get high.  But, when it comes to guns, it's not the tool that is the problem according to gun nuts.  Get real.  If guns are easily available to high school students then they will acquire and use them.  Well, at least the U.S. leads the world in some school-related endeavor!February 28, 2012 at 11:04 am | BrianGuns were even more available in the 60's. 70's and 80's. Has nothing to do with it at all. Look at the roll models and leadership these kids have. The television, X-box, greed, single parents that work 2 jobs, a suit happy society that takes no personal responsibility for anything. And a country with absolute wimps for leaders. Republican and Democrat alike.February 28, 2012 at 11:06 am | DODGuns kill people but they also protect people. All cops have guns. Remember, If there is a gun in every house, criminals will think ten times if they want to brake into that house.February 28, 2012 at 11:10 am | MamatroisLack of parenting.  Period.  Face facts.  Know what your kids are going through, go through it with them not as a friend but as the mature guide on ALL Things.  When will people wake up to this.  Parenting is a full time, non  stop, no topic off limits job.February 28, 2012 at 11:11 am | CynicA gun is a tool, and that is all it is.  You can kill with a number of objects. Why is it that random shootings like this receive so much national attention?  Because in a country of 80 million gun owners, shootings like this are rare.  Therefore, they are news-worthy.  There are more fatalities by automobile, so they are rarely reported nationally.  I wonder that so few people want to take automobiles away from us, because fatalities happen so often.  On the other hand, there are gun control advocates who text or use cell phones while driving, thus making it all the more likely that they will kill someone while irresponsibly wielding a 3,000 pound weapon.  Do they ever think of their own irresponsible behavior?February 28, 2012 at 11:25 am | Wally RogersI agree completely !February 28, 2012 at 11:37 am | RobTougher Gun laws USA.... you have to or this will keep happening.... take your pick...February 28, 2012 at 11:40 am | wialYup, as the article makes crystal clear, the major difference between America and other places is the ridiculously easy access to guns.  Most everything else is equal.  Probably the access to guns drives some of the other differences, such as the social and emotional distance we have between each other - one of the very worst things about our culture. The right of a few people to carry around instruments of destruction that make them feel more like the men they will never truly be hardly outweighs the right of us as a people to be safe and caring for each other, does it?  One of the ironies is the gun nuts are exactly the kind of people the Bible's Book of Proverbs tries to educate into full adulthood, yet the same people act like they're the only ones who understand the Bible.  America's journey to redemption will be a long one, I'm afraid.February 28, 2012 at 11:47 am | XDJXthe motive- raising the bar every year= stressFebruary 28, 2012 at 11:59 am | TheMovieFanVic, are you replying to jal?February 28, 2012 at 12:02 pm | vman2003Do you even realize that Switzerland is second in the world in gun ownership , close behind U.S. Yet you don't hear much about school shootings in Switzerland. Sorry, but you'll have to look for another reason other than simplistic scapegoatingFebruary 28, 2012 at 12:09 pm | Hot CarlMore gun laws are needed so criminals and psychopaths can ignore them, too! Morons.February 28, 2012 at 12:40 pm | MattGuns have always been around, and bullying has always been around?  So whats changed we must ask?  Thats right, parents/lawyers infiltrating school issues trying to sue everyone over fights.  So schools just call the cops and now kids get criminal records for a little fight.  Fighting/conflict is inherant in our nature!!!  Supress it, and rage builds, and mass killings ensue!!  When you look at it in the contexts of whats changed the awnsers are usually staring you right in the face!!February 28, 2012 at 12:48 pm | MattAnother great analogy is Forest fires...huge campaigns to prevent them and supress the little controllable fires...Then we got Super Fires that were uncontrollable...turns out a little fire is a necessary evil...and so is a little fist fighting now and then...black eyes/bloody noses heal(if it ever gets past pushing/pulling)  gun shot wounds to the head don't!!February 28, 2012 at 12:50 pm | JillicentixWhat we really need to do is bring back the duel.  That way if someone insults you or provokes you to a murderous rage, you and that person can shoot at eachother respectably without involving the unnecessary deaths of innocent bystanders.February 28, 2012 at 1:04 pm | JayThe tool room IS locked in a school area... some are just able to break the locks and get the tool while everyone else is left helpless.February 28, 2012 at 1:16 pm | Charlton HestonGuns are more effective than knives.  We need to allow students to carry guns in classrooms, just as they are allowed in public recreation centers,which is the way it is in Fairfax, the home of the NRA.  Students have the right to defend themselves and to worship the second ammendment.February 28, 2012 at 1:17 pm | ease upThere no longer seems to be an out let for the simple childhood agression of pushing and shoving.Every thing now calls for strict interaction with authority and anger builds to this type of action due to the lack of release  of pressure at a lower non leathal level.February 28, 2012 at 1:20 pm | Paulthe issue is not guns. if you want to know the real issue i believe it is a fundamental problem with how our education system works. http://therollingmacaroon.tumblr.com/post/18002397589/rsa-animate-changing-education-paradigms-by check that video out. That is what's wrong with all of this.February 28, 2012 at 1:28 pm | Tony BowlingNearly every school shooting and other seemingly motiveless group shooting has two very distinct factors: The obvious one is guns are available but the key one is that the shooter is on or has recently been on mind controlling medications. Not street drugs. Something given to "help" the person. You will either see this info in the initial report or later on at the trial or something. It may even be "he was diagnosed as having ADD" which nearly always means he/she was put on meds. And no, I do not care that you think meds helped you or your best friend. These incidents mostly happen with drugs. FACT.February 28, 2012 at 2:02 pm | KyleBecause we are #1 in exporting terrorism and massacring other nations for their natural resources so our oil executive (Mafia) can screw us more and more!February 28, 2012 at 2:05 pm | LuckeMotive: 1st one: just for the sake of trying it... 2nd: because they liked it.February 28, 2012 at 2:08 pm | John N@Emmy, no, if the killers had no guns, the victims would have been stabbed or beaten to death.  Besides, gun laws are there for the mostly honest people.  If someone is going to kill someone, I have a hard time believing they'll flinch at breaking a gun law.February 28, 2012 at 2:14 pm | LearnMathVMAN2003  seriously, you make no sense in your argument about Switzerland vs America's shootings...There are 8million people living in NEW YORK CITY!!!! there are 7 million living in Switzerland....Euros trying to compare statistics with the U.S. are really so lame.  Canada who likes to compare themselves against the U.S. even has 50 miilion people....seriously?? we have 350+ miillion people and quite varying demographics...the U.S. is unique to the world, unique is all I am saying. (PS no, I don't proofread web blog entries, seriously?)February 28, 2012 at 2:20 pm | SteeleAnyone who blames this on the availability of guns is an idiot...Bad people find ways to do bad things....the gun wasn't pressuring that kid to shoot the kids that obviously made his life miserable enough to snap.February 28, 2012 at 2:45 pm | StevenRIt's the guns. Here you go "responsible" gun owners. How about IF YOU DO NOT SECURE YOUR GUN AND IT GETS USED IN A CRIME, YOU DO THE TIME.I am SICK AND TIRED of idiotic gun owners saying "I left it on the coffee table and it got stolen so I am not responsible". YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE! Keep your G.D. guns OUT OF THE HANDS OF CHILDREN AND CRIMINALS OR YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE.I am all for RESPONSIBLE GUN OWNERSHIP, I just have NEVER SEEN IT!February 28, 2012 at 3:03 pm | Bradall 350,000 of them and obviously our current laws prevent the wrong people from getting them.  Its too bad these kids who got shot at didn't have guns because then maybe the killer would have thought twice about doing this...February 28, 2012 at 3:22 pm | chiavarmUntil you can guarantee that NO ONE (even the bad guys) then you cannot act like we can prevent the wrong people from having a gun.  Also whether you like it or not; everyone benefits from the free access to guns.  Criminals do not know who is armed and those that aren't and thus some portion of potential criminal activity has been prevented.February 28, 2012 at 3:46 pm | CarlinThere are two problems: 1. Most people are stupid.  2. Guns are efficient high-powered killing machines.  Put them together and it is pretty obvious why these things happen.February 28, 2012 at 3:59 pm | TheRealCitizensIf you try to take my right to guns, heck, if you try to take my guns, i will shoot back.February 28, 2012 at 4:00 pm | Andrew WayneGuns are not the problem, they are simply a means to an end. If you take away guns then they will grab a knife. Take away the knife, well how difficult is it to look on the internet and find ways to mix common household cleaning supplies into something that goes boom? Identify and treat the cause. Gun control is a favorite target when politicions want to look like they are doing something but do not want to or cannot put forth the funds to treat the underlying issue. Most gun control regulations are knee jerk reactions because its easy for the government to be reactive than proactive and guns are an easy target to place the blame on. As someone said before. Outlawing guns would only mean outlaws have the guns and what do they care for the laws of man?February 28, 2012 at 4:03 pm | KandiWut the F are you naive people talking about?If a gun wasn't there, there would have been a knife or a f'n rock.February 28, 2012 at 4:17 pm | markinflKandi, total failure as an argument. That boy could never have killed three people and seriously injured two more with a knife, much less a rock. Only an id.iot would compare the effectiveness of a knife with a gun.Feel free to bring a rock to a gunfight. dumb.February 28, 2012 at 4:23 pm | KarenWhy would you call someone stupid?  It's people like you who talk down to others that cause a lot of the problems we're talking about right now.....February 28, 2012 at 4:35 pm | ruffo76This was a tragic event, but do we all need to wear bubble wrap suites now and stay safe behind a protective shield.  If we're getting rid of things that when improperly used cause tragic deaths.  Then why save a few people a year when we can save millions.  lets get rid of cars. yeah! LETS ILLEGALIZE AUTOMOBILES THERE RESPONSIBLE FOR A HELL OF A LOT MORE TRAGEDY AND HEART BREAK OUT THERE...February 28, 2012 at 4:39 pm | toxictownI am as liberal as they come and not a huge gun fan but I don't think banning guns is the way to go either. I have many safety concious, law-abiding gun owner friends. Criminals and nuts will find thier way around laws. There is something darker and deeper going on.February 28, 2012 at 4:47 pm | Karentoo many haters on this crazy blog...................February 28, 2012 at 4:51 pm | AliNobody can control human behavior. It hasn't work for thousands of years and it will never work in future. But we can control guns distribution. Gun can kill tens of people in 5 seconds. How many people can get killed in 5 seconds by a knife?Not too many people want to accept this simple fact. I guess protecting second amendment is more important than saving lives.February 28, 2012 at 4:58 pm | r battistonWhy so much gun violence in school. Simply because you Yanks are wackos.  Yes wackos. Well obviously not everyone, but enough that you have way too much senseless killing, not that there is sensiible killings. If you didn't have all those guns handy, you'd use something else.February 28, 2012 at 5:13 pm | LoonyBinYou people are ridiculous.  Whenever you outlaw something, you create problems.  Look at drugs.  Drug gangs are around because drugs are illegal.  In Portugal, after they legalized the drugs, the gangs went away, because the black market went away and normal cops were there to take care of drug related crime (instead of thugs).  In this case, it is a very isolated incident with a bat S#it crazy kid.  There are many kids who grow up with guns who understand how to deal with them responsibly.  Most of you pretentious yuppies just have no clue what i'm talking about because you spent you life in a smog-ridden city.  Good for you.February 28, 2012 at 5:23 pm | AdamHey Emmy Skaddittle the 9/11 hijackers didn't use guns and they still killed a lot more people. They found a way, bad people always do.February 28, 2012 at 5:52 pm | GeorgeGuns have been around for a couple hundred years and this phenom has really only become prevalent in the last decade or so.  So what has changed?  The internet for one.  The ease with which one can slander, tease or bully another person is magnified to such an extent that, even with anonymity, you can cut a kid to shreds.  Perhaps our children have thinner skin as well.  They were raised by Mr. Rogers and Barney where no matter what  you were the most special person in the world  so it goes to reason that when reality dictates that not everyone likes you (justified or not) that your reaction might be more extreme than a person raised in another era.  Just my 2 cents.February 28, 2012 at 6:30 pm | matu421the real problem is firearm education!!  too many people dont have it!!  i believe every man woman and responsible teen should carry a gun.  i also believe that before you buy a gun you must complete a firearms training course, paid for in part by the sale of the firearm.  for those that get guns illegally always have and always will!  it is important for the whole family to know the safety rules of a firearm.  it is a tool, and that is what i teach my children.  just like every other tool on this planet there is a right way to use it and a wrong way to use it.  those that use it in the wrong way either are mentally disturbed or have not had the proper education with a firearm!February 28, 2012 at 6:59 pm | FactChecker@Brian: "Guns were even more available in the 60's. 70's and 80's" - I doubt it.  In the 50's criminals made zip-guns by hand because manufactured guns were hard to get.  They often exploded when fired.  The saturday-night-special changed all that.  Cheap guns (even automatics) are so easy to get now that no one would make a zip-gun.February 28, 2012 at 7:38 pm | schlammerhammerBecause Americais a screwed up society. iPads as a brain but no manners, decency or culture. We are  a bunch of barbarians uncivilized and f.....up. Produce kids but don't know whow to raise children.February 28, 2012 at 8:38 pm | SarajaneIf cars were not available we could save more lives than than if guns were not available.February 28, 2012 at 9:07 pm | MarzYou cannot blame guns in general as the root of the problem.  You take away guns, then there will be knives.  you take away knives then there will be hammers.  Hand Axes, ice picks, the list can go on and on and on.  As everything in this world is a "tool".The problem reflects back to parents needing to be responsible for their children.  They need to be there with an open ear and listen to their child talk to them about their problems.  Communicate.  The biggest problem that I have seen with children (being a parent myself) is that most parents do not listen to their children.  They are so quick to send their kids to their rooms and remain. Is it so hard to ask your child after school "How was your day?" and talk to them.February 28, 2012 at 11:26 pm | ChrisThere are a lot of countries with guns..........and knives.... and bridges... and chemicals... and gasoline.... and all sorts of dangerous weapons.    So who is stupid here?February 28, 2012 at 11:51 pm | foreignertechnologically,america is an advanced country.socially,it is primitive.americans are half-civilized.February 29, 2012 at 12:00 am | True American1. Other countries should not compare each other to the U.S.2. Guns are not the problem3. Bullying is the issue here4. Jews are not the problem5. Fix the God-Damn School SystemFebruary 29, 2012 at 12:03 am | everettrebWhen I was in high 35 years ago we didn't have all of these shootings and we had even easier access to guns.There is something else going on and anyone thinking that getting rid of guns is the answer is dreaming.February 29, 2012 at 1:20 am | Robert CIggy C is correct.  Guns are only a tool.  If you take away all the guns then they will use something else.  Remember that video from Fenger High School in Chicago Illinois where the kids were using their fists, feet, and a 24 to kill another student?They need proper education not oppression.February 29, 2012 at 1:28 am | Barfy SpewsalotBack in my day it was common to get stabbed to death & yet we all had guns. England got rid of all guns yet there are STILL people getting murdered by thugs with guns. There is STILL criminals preying on victims. Has England gotten safer? They still havce cameras in every nook & cranny don't they?February 29, 2012 at 2:01 am | Barfy SpewsalotBack in my day it was common to get stabbed to death & yet we all had guns. England got rid of all guns yet there are STILL people getting murdered by thugs with guns. There is STILL criminals preying on victims. Has England gotten safer? They still have cameras in every nook & cranny don't they?February 29, 2012 at 2:02 am | Earnan MGuns are effectively banned in Ireland, yet a mentally ill ex-student was able to enter the Sullivan Upper School with a home-made flamethrower.At least his victims were only coated with flaming gasoline and not shot.  I'm sure they appreciated that.February 29, 2012 at 2:32 am | jojoguns dont kill people ...people kill people and if there where not guns there would have been something else like a knife ..if it was a knife would u be says the same thing ...if someones going to do something there going to do they will find away ....February 29, 2012 at 3:20 am | chefduganThe answer is simple: the lack of discipline in the American family: parents wanting to be buddies rather than role models, and the TV culture. The more you watch the dumber you become.February 29, 2012 at 9:26 am | JD AndersonWhen I was twelve years old I owned a 410 shotgun and a 22 rifle. When I was sixteen years old I owned a 12 gage shotgun and a 30-06 semi-automatic rifle. Which you could find in the easy rider rifle rack of my Ford pick-up parked in the parking lot of my high school; just in case I wanted to go hunting after school. Most of the guys I went to school with did the same thing. You never heard of a school shooting back then. What's changed? PARENTING!!! You can't discipline your kids anymore, a lot of these idiots wouldn't even if they could. Way too many fools out there having children with no clue about how to raise a decent law abiding citizen. These kids are bringing the guns from home, where apparently the parents are not in control. The laws are on the books already, all we need to do is enforce them. If your child goes to school and shoots anyone the parent should be held as accountable as the student. Start locking up some of these parents and I bet you see a decrease in these types of incidents. Parents don't talk with their kids anymore. Communication is done through texting or e-mail. Parents don't even go in their kids rooms to actually get some insight into what their kid is into. You want to make more laws, make laws concerning parenting and the responsibilities that come with it.February 29, 2012 at 11:25 am | FrankBecause 8 of 10 Children's FATHERS have been replaced with CHILD SUPPORT CHECKS!February 29, 2012 at 12:53 pm | keeretam neestandNot to mention the culture of war & violence that is constantly in the face of the American TV viewer to keep them desensitized promotes wars & violence. And with no many guns on the streets with NRA working overtime, no wonder there is so much killings within US society.March 2, 2012 at 7:05 am | PrettygalEveryonesend them to a Catholic schoolthey will be safe!March 3, 2012 at 6:03 pm | The PhantomThoughtfully the second amendment is in our consittution.  It protects its citizens from knee jerk soultions.  Perhaps we should not have stopped all fist fights over the years?  During my years in school many students carried knives, occasionally brought guns to school and never cut or shot anyone.  Seems as though the more our nanny state and 'those who know better' influence our behavior the worse the outcome.March 3, 2012 at 7:54 pm | Shawn SI like the quote from the movie, Shoot em up..."Ah come on, everybody knows that people kill people, not guns...but they sure make it a lot easier!"March 3, 2012 at 10:06 pm | meGuns are illegal in Mexico.11,000+ people were gunned down in Juarez Mexico last year.That gun control law isn't working to well in Mexico is it.Our housecleaning lady had her neighbors son house sitting for her in Juarez.  She returned to Juarez and the boy was found murdered in her house.Gun control laws in Mexico aren't working well are they.Someone needs to teach these kids, ideally it would be their family and friends that MURDERING someone in not just agains the law but the bible teaches it as well.Having 1st hand viewed the Columbine event, thank God their propane bombs didn't go off.  Their propane bombs would have leveled the whole school.  There'd be knee-jerk idiots wanting to ban propane grills.The parents of columbine killers denied any knowledge but search warrants turned up drawings, plans and stolen guns in the boys rooms but the naive parents never knew about it.  Maybe take some time and get involved w/ their kids and these things won't happen.These kids have issues and their issues have to be dealt w/.March 4, 2012 at 12:02 am | MG.This fits Einstiens definition of insanity; which is  ...doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different outcome! This is another example of gun control laws that simply don't work!  Perhaps, if the intellects put discipline back in the schools they'd have better results!March 5, 2012 at 5:01 am | Jorgen Duus, DenmarkThere are americans who say; "People kill, weapons don't". I think they're dead wrong.If the gunman who attacked that Connecticut School hadn't held a gun in his hand, he'd never achieve to kill so many before being stopped.It's not: "People kill, weapons don't"Instead it's: "People WITH weapons kill, people WITHOUT don't".December 14, 2012 at 1:24 pm | joe engineerNo, Mitt doesn't do more work in a day than an electrical engineer does in a year.  In fact, our man Mitt doesn't do anything useful during the course of a day.  Running for President creates no wealth and gains the country nothing.  Our engineer, on the other hand, does.February 28, 2012 at 9:19 am | Reply Drowlordjoe engineer has a hard time with sarcasm.February 28, 2012 at 9:36 am | MelI think "Jal" was being sarcastic.  Of course, the average engineer will do tons more work in ONE HOUR and contribute to the innovations, output and profits of a company than mitt romney, snatorum and gingrich's "work" COMBINED over their lifetimes. Electrical engineer OR computer scientist > born into riches republicanFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:45 am | artyEssI think you mean 'irony' or 'ironic' not 'sarcasm' or 'sarcastic'.February 28, 2012 at 10:15 am | DonGood Ole Mitt hasn't done an hours worth of work in his whole lifel most people do more getting the kids off to school in a morning than Mitt has done in the last 10 years.February 28, 2012 at 10:30 am | RobMichiganWhat party do all those hard working welfare recipients belong to?February 28, 2012 at 12:47 pm | LeeYeah, I think he was being sarcastic. At least I hope so. I'm an electrical engineer, so I may know a thing or two about what an electrical engineer does, and well we all see what politicians do. I just wish I had their benefits. I don't have to work less, I just want their benefits.February 28, 2012 at 2:41 pm | StevenRMitt is a useless bag of dirt. Self made man? OH PLEASE! Son of the GOVERNOR, WEASELED INTO AN IVY LEAGUE SCHOOL, got MILLIONS from his dad's friends to start a company. Pretty self made, huh?DISGUSTING. EVERYTHING the OCCUPY movement is protesting. The rich get richer and we all get screwed. Job creators? GIVE ME A BREAK!The only way Mitt would be a good choice is if the OTHER CHOICE were SANTOURM (Google it!) or GINGRICH!February 28, 2012 at 3:06 pm | AndrewTo answer RobMichigan's question: "What party do all those hard working welfare recipients belong to?"They belong to the Republican party. There are studies that actually show that. People who utilize the largest amounts of government funds and populations that use the most government funds are largely conservative and religious. The connection is obvious  they are uneducated, so they don't make any money and they're gullible. They believe in God, and they believe that the only reason THEY need government money is because the "liberal elite" put them in that position. A the same time, they believe that they're conservative neighbor next door who is also using government funds is actually liberal "welfare mother" using their tax dollars (not sure why they think they pay taxes) to sin against God. In fact, both of them probably believe that about each other. It's freaking crazy.There are social and demographic studeis about this that say it much more nicely than I just did, but that's basically what they say. Start here: http://taxprof.typepad.com/taxprof_blog/2004/09/red_states_feed.html.February 28, 2012 at 4:56 pm | MarkBlah blah blah, more of the typical and rather juvenile class warfare.February 28, 2012 at 9:30 am | Reply nerve9Way to whip out the GOP buzzword!  Do you get special points for everytime you use one?February 28, 2012 at 9:54 am | TomNotwithstanding, his statement is irrefutable.February 28, 2012 at 10:22 am | HahahahahahaMark thinks he's rich!!!!!  Too funny!!!  Hey Mark, when the "real class warfare" starts, everyone posting here will be on the same side!!!  The POOR side.  It's just that most redneck GOP members are too stupid to realize it yet.  HahahahahahaFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:24 am | DonIt is so pathetic anymore, say anything that counters the right wing thought process and points out obvious defects in their non thinkiing and they immediately go to the one line come back, "Class Warfare". Most of these morons do not even know what it means all they do know is how to say it and think it means anything and to be honest they really do not have a clue.February 28, 2012 at 10:32 am | JillicentixLol.  High School shootings are just 'juvenile class warfare'.  I get it.February 28, 2012 at 1:10 pm | screenyUm. Go back to your talking points manual, please. This story is not about class warfare. You're supposed to froth (I use that word on purpose with you people) at the mouth about freedom and protecting yourself from the criminals and terrorists and maybe how if Obama doesn't become even more republican than he already is you might need your guns for second amendment solutions. Got it?February 28, 2012 at 2:26 pm | The PhantomThe distinction may lie more with ones who take care of a situation by themselves or ones who wait on someone else to do it.  Not being poor or rich.March 3, 2012 at 8:01 pm | jamesthey have rights to own guns. they are scared to take a punch from a fellow(every one is a coward.. they need a gun for protection). i still believe schools are way safer than some streets in the east coast though less attention is paid.February 28, 2012 at 10:04 am | Reply TYou are an idiot. Take a punch? Try being tormented and tortured for years and so how rational you  are. SToP making excuses for the bullies.February 28, 2012 at 10:14 am | Gerry DaleyRight wing nuts find *any* excuse to blame liberals and excuse the unimpeded NRA campaign to put guns into the hands of just about anyone.  The fact is, easy access to any sort of weapon is possible here and the end result is an appalling amount of slaughters which get expalined away by the crazy right-wingers.February 28, 2012 at 10:47 am | IG88aFist fights and hand to hand fighting are actually more dangerous than many people think.  A 10 yr old died after a fight that was in the news.  (I'm not saying arm 10 yr olds).  But people should understand that fists are still dangerous and a handgun could be used to protect one's self.  I don't agree that law abiding people should go to jail if criminals break into their gun safes.  Thats not fair to law abiders.  I think many gun owners don't realize how they put their right to own guns in jeopardy by leaving them so accessible to their kids when these tragedies occur.  There always some left wingers that then think the guns should be taken away from everyone except the agents of the governments they want to rule over their lives.  We need to respect the fragility of life but also our rights and freedoms we have in this country.  When we allow the government to infringe on the rights they are not delicate in how they restrict.  They usually infringe in broad strokes and seldom slacken when overreached.February 28, 2012 at 11:10 am | melvinslizardWhy don't you look up the story about the 10 year old girl that died this week after getting in a fist fight with a classmate.  10 years old, 1 punch, 1 bloody nose, and she was dead before the end of the day.  The other 10 year old girl is being charged with HOMICIDE.  Your statement is ridiculous.February 29, 2012 at 3:26 pm | lesawithaneI agree with the comments about gun control and you will not help by taking guns away from law abiding citizens.  Criminals will never now or in the future comply with gun laws.  Its silly.  I do believe that if you are a parent, and you own guns, that you NEED to be held accountable for those guns plain and simple.  There will be be people who say "oh it was stolen or taken without my consent-its not my fault"  Listen-if own a gun and know how to shoot-you KNOW how to secure your guns in a way that only YOU can get them.  If you leave it covered up on the top shelf of your closet-YOU should be held accountable. PERIOD.  Kids cant go into a gun store and buy a gun.  Know your kids-if there is a problem you know of, or you dont like who your kids hang out with COME ON!  Be a parent!  Be responsible for helping your child.  There are always signs of distress...always if you know your child.  Its just so sad that this boy thought the only way to help himself was to harm others.  What makes a child want to harm another person in such a horrific way...I feel for him and his demons...I have two girls and two boys, one boy of which is going into highschool.  I have been a parent, and have established a trust with him, and actually KNOW him. Im tired of parents not parenting and this ends up happening....February 28, 2012 at 10:09 am | Reply DonIf so many law abiding citizens did not have guns so easily available for criminals to steal there would not be so many guns in the criminals hands to commit crimes with. Also, if every gun owner was required to own a gun safe to own a gun and had to keep them locked up and was sent to prison for 10 years any time one of his guns got into the hands of a criminal there would be far fewer guns in criminla hands. This whole concept that criminals will not comply with gun control is true. But most of the guns criminals have are stolen from the so called law abiding citizens who do not know how to control a deadly weapon they insist upon owning. Trust, me, criminals do NOT go to the local gun store to purchase their guns. Why should they? Go into any trailer park in America and any 2 out of 3 trailers has more guns than you will ever need.February 28, 2012 at 10:36 am | lesawithane@Don-that is what I was trying to say.  The people who dont lock up guns the correct way-just make it easier for crimminals to get a hold of these guns...This is why legislation stating that if you own a gun-you need a safe to go WITH the permit would help a bit like you said.  February 28, 2012 at 10:43 am | DidiThe safe is a good idea, but what about people who use their gun for protection?  What about farmers who keep their .22 on the table to keep the varmints down?  It isn't always best to keep every gun in the house locked up.  I agree with you 100% that it is a gun owner's responsibility to store his gun properly (when not in use), and that a parent needs to step up and be a parent.  As a hunter, I've found one of the best ways to keep my kids from thinking guns are cool toys is to let them see the animals I've shot.  Video games and movies might be gory, but they're fantasy.  A deer hanging in the garage waiting to be butchered is tangibly real.I realize not everyone is a hunter, and that some hunters aren't comfortable sharing the experience with their kids.  Parents are individuals, as are their kids.  Like you said, lesawithane, the important thing is to know your child.  Be aware of what happens at school and who your child's friends are.  Sadly, parental involvement isn't going to prevent every tragedy, but it will go a long way toward getting a child help before he strikes out.February 28, 2012 at 11:17 am | CynicDon, how often do criminals steal the guns of law-abiding citizens?  This shooting is news because such a shooting is rare.  Why don't you suggest that we control automobiles more stringently?  Many more people are killed by automobile than by gun.February 28, 2012 at 11:28 am | mvgI agree that it is the PARENTS RESPONSIBILITY to teach their children right from wrong and proper gun handling procedures. My family has owned guns since before I was born and I can remember that even at 3 years old I could look at the weapons in the gun cabinet (not lockable) but not touch them unless an adult was present and gave me permission.  We were all taught that guns are NOT toys. I NEVER took any of those weapons out of the cabinet or to school.  My family would have figuratively killed me.February 28, 2012 at 12:26 pm | Charlton HestonLaw abiding citizens are only law abiding until they pick up a gun and shoot somebody for some stupid reason.  The law abiding citizen argument is smoke screen propaganda by the NRA.February 28, 2012 at 1:22 pm | GunLawsFunny how gun nut jobs go on and on about how gun laws or restrictions wont make a diff... But .. when we look at it. The other countries like UK etc who are strict have WAY WAY WAY less gun violence then us.So... how can u say it wont do a thing.. when its been proven OVER AND OVER it does..February 28, 2012 at 1:31 pm | BillI agree with a good portion of your comments but there comes with all these guns everywhere a  kick-ass mentality all too often on the part of the parents who are the gun owners. Their parenting technique probably goes along the same lines. We also assume that they know enough about proper firearm use to keep them secure...I suspect in most cases they likely don't!  I also wonder to what extent these gun owners are liable for the harm caused by their weapons; we may need to get something done to insure this. I also wonder if the school teachers and others are observing/evaluating, even informally, a kid's visible "mental stability"   the way they do about impropper dress, etc., this might help since often these kids have plenty of signals that there's potential problems brewing. Just some random thoughts. Another sad event.February 28, 2012 at 2:20 pm | StevenRKeep your guns in the safe while you are gone. Take them out when you get home. Simple. You make the CHOICE to own a gun, you keep it safe. If you lose it and someone uses it in a crime, YOU SHOULD DO THE TIME.I am ALL for RESPONSIBLE gun ownership.I have just NEVER seen it.February 28, 2012 at 3:11 pm | toxictownI mostly agree w/the anti-gun ban folks...mostly. Law abiding gun owners are not the problem (usually) BUT...there are an awful lot of guns floating around out there. There has to be a way to reduce that number and keep better track of things so they don't end up in the wrong hands. Guns are easy and make impulsive violence easy. Yes, the UK does not have much gun violence but they have an awful lot of knife (and boot) violence. Humans are violent and will use the tools at hand.February 28, 2012 at 4:54 pm | BelgianWomanLaw abiding citizens don't need guns. Guns for "self defence" are useless: more lifes are taken by guns bought for "self-defence" than saved. Do you really think a burglar, who always comes unexpected, will give you the time to go and get your gun? You could only get it quickly when you have it next to your bed, loaded. But then again, that is why so many "accidents" happen with guns. Almost every day, we read about children killing  other children in the US with daddy's loaded gun. And a teenager who wants to cause a bloodbath in a school can only make lots of victims with a gun; with a knife, you could never make that much victims before being stopped. "Guns don't kill, people do" is a lame excue: many killings and murders would not happen if the killer didn't have a gun at his disposal.February 28, 2012 at 7:02 pm | S.RYou are right the 1% create jobs in foreign country's so they can build there already inflated bank accounts while ruining this country from the ground up!!! Mitt has never worked a real job in his pampered life. He doesn't compare with the working man.....he couldn't take it!!!February 28, 2012 at 10:25 am | Reply jalCompanies would rather outsource than take initiative in creating a healthy work environment.  The "job creators" are casting judgement on everyone, but themselves for creating a unhealthy work environment.  What do they care, just find them "yes men" that will use violence in the middle of no-where.  This way it wont make the headlines.February 28, 2012 at 10:41 am | Reply Barry G.Let's face itThe US is the number one producer of arms (weapons),our children watch so much TV and video games (much of which is filled with violence),and our legislators serve the interests of the lobbyists, who represent the arms industry,rather than represent the interest s of the people they have sworn to serve and protect!February 28, 2012 at 1:26 pm | TammieI've got two words for you....GUN CONTROL.  Duh!!!!  I am so lucky to live in Canada  February 28, 2012 at 10:44 am | Reply infonomicsNow, now, O'Canadian, don't forget about your serial murder the pig farmer and the Greyhound bus-riding decapitator, just to name a few.February 28, 2012 at 11:41 am | setYes, so very lucky:http://rt.com/usa/news/jail-sansone-gun-waterloo-333/February 28, 2012 at 11:44 am | kls817If guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns. DuhFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:44 pm | kls817Yes you are lucky to live in Canada. You don't have to pay for a military, and you can relax knowing that if a foreign country tries to invade you, then big brother USA will come to your rescue.February 28, 2012 at 2:47 pm | StevenRGun control is not a ban. Just TAKE RESPONSIBILITY. You right-wing gun nuts are all about personal responsibility when it is SOMEBODY ELSE. Now YOU take responsibility. If your gun gets used in a crime, YOU DO THE TIME.February 28, 2012 at 3:13 pm | DATKls817  And if widgets are outlawed, only outlaws will have widgets.  See how truly meaningless that old saying is?February 28, 2012 at 5:04 pm | BelgianWoman"If guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns": true. But when they know you don't have a gun, they will be less eager to kill you with their gun. An armed criminal only gets really dangerous when he's facing an armed victim. So, when I hear a burglar come into our house, I try to call 911 and if that's not possible, hide under the sheets and pretend I'm sleeping. But NO WAY  I would wave a gun in the face of an armed burglar! Remember: those who live by the sword, will perish by the sword. This is also true for guns, as we can read daily in articles about shootings in the US, where even little children kill each other with daddy's gun.February 28, 2012 at 7:06 pm | Tracey VanceYour right Tammy, we are very lucky to live in a place where I don't have to worry about my children's friends shooting them with there parents gun. To reply to the pig farmer.  We have a couple of serial killers where as you have hundreds. To the person who mentioned our military.   The only reson why were in Afganistan is to help you. We have never had to ask anyone to fight our battles. We are a peaceful neighbourhood living next door to trailer trash.February 28, 2012 at 9:27 pm | USNoBrainersTo kis817 first of all Canada never needed the BigAmerica as you called it. US always asked Canada to support them in their war and invasion in other countries. We don't need US to help us but you need us. Since WWI. and secondly the reason for all those shooting in US is americans always had a problem to control their anger, you people will need to control your anger and also need yo know how to mind your own business. That would make a huge favor to a lot of Countries around the world. And don't come telling me that we didn't had any mass shooting in Canada, yes we had, in the last 100 years probably not more than 10. But in US just in the last 10 years you people had hundreds of them.February 28, 2012 at 10:47 pm | Jim34We also have a trade surplus with you Americans. Keep buying our oil.February 29, 2012 at 12:44 am | PatWHY?  Perhaps it's because of our wonderful christian evangelical NRA gun culture of hatred and bigotry and macho crap that's propagated by hypocritical politicians and greedy pastors.February 28, 2012 at 10:48 am | Reply Dominiqueso true.February 28, 2012 at 12:54 pm | stevenDitto.February 28, 2012 at 4:47 pm | HUSBAND AND FATHER OF FIVETHE FAMILY WITH VALUES HAS GONE SOUTH SINCE IN MY MEMORY AT A VERY EARLY AGE-10 MAYBE. AS I WENT THRU THAT TIME AND TO THIS DAY I HAVE SEEN THOSE VALUES ERODE. I MIGHT ADD THAT IT WAS NOT CLOSE TO HOME. FREINDS AND THOSE IN THE NEWS WERE LOSING ALL THAT A FAMILY SHOULD NEVER LOSEA MOTHER,A FATHER,SIS,.AND BROTHER. WE AS A NATION HAVE LOST THE BASIC'S OF A FAMILY THAT PRODUCES VALUESTHAT SUSTAIN  A  PRODUCTIVE SOCIETY. WE HAVE PROPOGATED A GOVERNMENT THAT IN THEIR WAY HAVETAKEN ADVANTAGE OF OUR WEAKNESS AND DECIDED THAT THEY IN A FEABLE WAY THAT THEY MUST DO TO USA GREAT HARM. "THEY WILL DO FOR US THAT TIME HAS NOT.  WE WILL MAKE YOU A SLAVE TO THEIR GOALS,GIVE TO US ALL THAT WE DO NOT HAVE NOW.  WHETHER WE ASK OR NOT. THAT'S LIKE GIVING DRUGS TOTHE KIDS ON THE STREET. WE NEED TO RETURN TO THE BASICSDO YOUR OWN RESEARCHTHE CLOCK IS TICKING. I WISH YOU ALL WELL AND A HAPPY FAMILY FOR THIS GRAT NATION.February 28, 2012 at 10:50 am | Reply CynicWhy do you have to shout to get your point across?February 28, 2012 at 11:29 am | Dance This Mess Around*** HUSBAND AND FATHER OF FIVETHE FAMILY WITH VALUES HAS GONE SOUTH SINCE IN MY MEMORY AT A VERY EARLY AGE-10 MAYBE. AS I WENT THRU THAT TIME AND TO THIS DAY I HAVE SEEN THOSE VALUES ERODE. I MIGHT ADD THAT IT WAS NOT CLOSE TO HOME. FREINDS Husband and father of five.....and you cant even spell "friend" ?Why do i think you are 8 years old ?February 28, 2012 at 11:34 am | TheMovieFanTurn the Caps Lock off.February 28, 2012 at 12:01 pm | theoldchiefIt's very telling that people would respond to this comment with criticism. This is one of the things that aggravates the problem highlighted in the article; people would rather condemn than try to understand. As a result we end up in confrontation. Our "role models" in life  teachers, parents, political leaders  are missing in action. The very people who should help us to understand one another and to build social skills, are guilty of derilection of duty. What are we left with? Hollywood, TV, video games, and socially-inept friends, relatives, neighbors, and classmates. Growing up in this cynical world has become very lonely and scary.February 28, 2012 at 12:32 pm | TJListen to theoldcheif.....February 28, 2012 at 3:11 pm | Rizzoif it wasnt guns , it be pipe bombs , or knifes , please egt off teh gun kick . Guns protectFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:58 am | Reply SarahI'm surprised you looked away from Fox news long enough to type that!February 28, 2012 at 11:37 am | ardeerdRizzo  nice line, stopped shining your guns to type this while waiting for someone to trepass on your property to let them have it. Small minded people like yourself love guns, thus, America has a rate of violence more than 10 times that of any other developed civilized nation on earth.February 28, 2012 at 12:02 pm | wolfmanI guess it's the Republican way of population control since contraceptives are so anti-religious.Here's your new slogan  "More guns and less pills and condoms" !   Is that mindless enough for you?February 28, 2012 at 2:07 pm | StevenRHere is my line:If your gun is used in a crime, YOU GO TO PRISON.Not GUN CONTROL, but GUN OWNER CONTROL!February 28, 2012 at 3:15 pm | stevenBS. That is the biggest false logic.  If the criminals have two guns ... then I need more .... etc.  BS.  If all guns had to be stored in a vault at the police station and then checked out to use for hunting, and then back in after hunting, maybe we could control gun use.February 28, 2012 at 4:44 pm | PhilomenasSomething is deeply wrong in the USA soiciety. Kids, Dogs and drunk know it.Time for somebody to listen or notFebruary 28, 2012 at 5:39 pm | badteachersIt's 21 century, it's not 19 century, It's not Wild West,  need to be changed,NO SympathyFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:59 am | Reply Schools are lawlessThere is also the first grader that stabbed kids with a syringe. The kids that try to poison the teachers soda cans and tell the principal "yes we were trying to kill her." The kindergartner that stabbed class mates with scissors. The kid that exposed himself to the class in first grade, in second grade, in third grade... he's all grown up in jail now.Teachers are alone in a classroom with 15 to 30 kids. ALONEIf a child gets stabbed with scissors, does the teacher provide immediate medical attention to the hurt child, try to physically disarm the attacker (with "appropriate force" of course), or run down the hall calling for help?Kids are socially mandated to be separated from their parents, go to a government run facility that provides little to no security, put in a class room with juveniles who are not held accountable for any violence they commit. Special ed students cannot be expelled for fighting. NCLB. Just suspension, a day off to put those knuckles on ice and get ready for the next opportunity to pound someone.That is why no one is shocked or confused when they see movies and TV shows depicting bullying or kids with guns in schools.Its common. Its there every day. Like the socks your spouse won't put in the laundry hamper. You look away, sometimes get annoyed, but do nothing.February 28, 2012 at 11:02 am | Reply teacherWhat's worse, that I learned recently, is that special ed kids can file for and get their expulsions expunged from their records. This means a kid has done something serious enough to get thrown out of a district, he gets only two weeks out, his record gets expunged, he goes into a new room, school and district. The teacher and kids have no right to know that he was expelled nor what he did so they can watch out for it. Do you know what it takes to get expelled these days? And we have no right to know? Not safe.February 28, 2012 at 6:58 pm | teacherAnd 15-30 kids? I have between 26 (this is considered a 'remedial small group' ) and 39 depending on the time of day.February 28, 2012 at 7:01 pm | ToshiMany of the concerns that you express are due to unfortunate budgeting issues. If the school systems had more money then they would be able to have more manageable classroom sizes. Which would make it easier to control those rare (few and far between) kids who are behavior problems. You are not mandated to put your child in a government building, there is home schooling, or many private or charter options in most parts of the country. Finally, most of the kids who are offenders are NOT in special education, those are the kids who are getting some mental health support. It is the mainstream kids with the behavior problems and the chronic victims that do not get the mental health support that they need, likely because of lack of mental health availability in the schools or parents who have blinders on.February 28, 2012 at 10:08 pm | bilderberg zakariamore gunsless prescription dugsFebruary 28, 2012 at 11:13 am | Reply conservative values?Fewer guns, total accountability of the permit holder and access to healthcare for those who need it.I can smell the conservative stink coming right out of your post, bilderberg. I'm not a liberal either. I'm a rational.February 28, 2012 at 12:13 pm | Tony BowlingTotally agree. Guns don't kill people. People on mind altering meds with guns kill people. Proven time and time again.February 28, 2012 at 2:09 pm | Conner MentallPlease give me grenades and land mines. Why can't I have those too for protection???February 28, 2012 at 2:18 pm | QIt's cause there aint enough guns and there are too many laws.....TEAMERICAFebruary 28, 2012 at 11:33 am | Reply garYep, just what we need... more guns.  Everyone should own at least a dozen...February 28, 2012 at 12:41 pm | Hot CarlDon't blam guns, blame stupid inbred parents who don't keep their guns LOCKED.Whoooo-hooooo! We're #1! We're #1! Ha ha ha, take THAT China! Looooooosers!February 28, 2012 at 12:28 pm | Reply joeYou never see a massacre at a gun show, do you? Columbines and Virginia Techs will continue to occur as long as responsible, sane adults are not allowed to carry guns on school grounds. One or two armed faculty or staff members could have saved dozens of lives at VT. We have let politicians decide that the Second Amendment doesn't apply at school, and as long as that is allowed to stand, criminals, terrorists, and crazy people will take advantage of "victim disarmament zones" to commit mayhem. Remember ... when seconds count, the police are only minutes away.February 28, 2012 at 12:32 pm | Reply LyntoonBang, bang, bang! The Wild West lives yet!February 28, 2012 at 2:02 pm | StevenRGet real. More guns equals safer? You must be INSANE.February 28, 2012 at 3:17 pm | toxictownYes, people (who have prob never taken a basic gun safety/target course) firing at will in enclosed public spaces is an excellent idea! How come you are not king of everything!!!February 28, 2012 at 5:09 pm | Earnan M"Lyntoon" and "StevenR" are the onsane ones here.There are more guns on American streets today than ever before.  Millions of ordinary people are carrying concealed pistols every day thanks to "shall issue" permit laws in 40 states.  And the violent crime rate is DOWN, not up.The murder rate in the US is at its LOWEST in decades.  DOWN over 52% since the 1990s, despite a roll-back of gun control laws at the Federal level and in almost all of the states.Gun accidents are at an all time record LOW.MORE guns and LESS crime.  Not a theory: a FACT.February 29, 2012 at 8:20 am | JSMANThis was a very well written article.  In response to all the people on this post, however, I wanted to add my two cents to the gun control issue.  I agree that EASY access to guns is part of the problem, but someone already broke the law by allowing that kid to have a handgun as he was under 21.  Unless the real issues are addressed, talking about gun control in this context is meaningless.  The real tragedy here is the breakdown of the family (this child's in particular).  If we need something to cry about, cry about the effect of post-modernism on our children.  When children are brought into a world with no moral code and no hope, you end up with this.  Before you go ranting on about how we need to eliminate guns in this country, look in the mirror and ask yourself what have you done to provide the next generation with a reason for living past perpetuating American capitalism.February 28, 2012 at 12:46 pm | Reply SadWorldI could not have said it better myself.  There is little accountability in today's society.  Kids run amuck with no respect for authority.  Parents, on the other hand, are too busy keeping up with the Jones' to care about what bothers their children most of the time.  They would rather buy them the latest gadget then to sit down and spend quality time.  We are a society dominated by instant gratification, brand names and the superficial lives of celebrities.  When you can't keep up with what society deems popular, you fall behind and end up being bullied and victimized. We need to go back to simpler times.February 28, 2012 at 3:40 pm | AnonymousYou idiots are babbling over gun laws and children are dying. DisgustingFebruary 28, 2012 at 12:49 pm | Reply JOSE0311USMCFORCE YOUR SCHOOLS TO SUSPEND BULLIES.HIRE A HALLWAY MONITOR TO KEEP THEIR EYES ON BULLIES..BULLIES ARE EASY TO SPOT, THEY ARE ALWAYS RUNNING THEIR MOUTH.February 28, 2012 at 2:18 pm | ToshiAMEN!Where is the mental health support for these kids, before they fall apart?February 28, 2012 at 10:12 pm | theoldchiefLack of access to weapons is NOT the key, and gun control is NOT the answer. The "key" is responsilbility and accountability. As I said in an earlier post, our "role models" in life  teachers, parents, political leaders  are missing in action. The very people who should help us to understand one another and to build social skills, are guilty of derilection of duty. What are we left with? Hollywood, TV, video games, and socially-inept friends, relatives, neighbors, and classmates. Growing up in this cynical world has become very lonely and scary, and violence like this will continue until we ALL take responsibility as social animals that must coexist, and be held accountable to one another for the things we do here at the top of the food chain.February 28, 2012 at 12:52 pm | Reply Charlton HestonGreat idea!  Let's pass a law that requires people to be more responsible!!  That would be a lot easier than regulating gun sellers.February 28, 2012 at 1:42 pm | Tony BowlingIt is interesting that a Psych wrote this article because his type are likely the cause of this: Nearly every school shooting and other seemingly motiveless group shooting has two very distinct factors: The obvious one is guns are available but the key one is that the shooter is on or has recently been on mind controlling medications. Not street drugs. Something given to "help" the person. You will either see this info in the initial report or later on at the trial or something. It may even be "he was diagnosed as having ADD" which nearly always means he/she was put on meds.February 28, 2012 at 2:05 pm | Time BombAs to the argument that if we took guns away from citizens only the criminals would have them, what do the criminals in other countries with stricter gun laws use?  I do not see any evidence that their citizens are being killed or put helplessly in harms way any more than we are here in America (and I am talking about countries with similar lifestyles and socio-economic status as the US, like the UK, not countries such as Afghanistan that are not truly comparable).  The lack of guns in those countries hasn't resulted in their law-abiding citizens being sitting ducks, as the pro-gun argument would have you believe.  I also find it somewhat ironic that people who might otherwise take any possible measure to ensure that a fetus doesn't get aborted won't take any possible measure to make sure a born child isn't shot to death.February 28, 2012 at 12:55 pm | Reply toxictownHumans are violent monkeys and will use what is at hand so..in countries w/o guns it will be knives, machetes, sticks, etc...Guns however, do make it quick and effective (you can take out more at once that you can w/a knife). However, we have a "cat out of the bag" scenario in the US in that there are piles of existing weapons already deployed. Even if all gun manufacture and import ended tomorrow, there would still be plenty to go around for the forseeable future.February 28, 2012 at 5:14 pm | SoundSmartAs a Russian with substantial US experience I'd say one word: "GUNS."Their availability also affect the "culture".Not "violent computer games"...Not "mental illnesses" etc...It started with CULTURE some 200 years ago. But then GUNS' availability started affecting the culture. Now it's all intermixed. Americans, DO SOMETHING ABOUT HANDGUNS!!!No one needs a HANDGUN for "hunting"  it's USELESS against ducks and dears. People use RIFLES and SHOTGUNS (19th century style) for hunting in Russia and the rest of the world  those are more than adequate to take a dear or moose down. Not something you can conceal in your freaking pocket! Go figure...The handgun was designed to kill PEOPLE. (Come on! How may "sudden bear or tiger attacks" does the average human have to sustain per year? Just common sense.)February 28, 2012 at 12:55 pm | Reply Earnan MRussia has a higher rate of violent crime and murder than the US.The murder rate in Russia is 15 per 100,000 persons.  More than THREE TIMES AS HIGH as the 4.7 per 100,000 in the US last year.Whatever Russia is doing, it's not anything we want here.February 29, 2012 at 9:41 am | Richard WhiteSirs: I believe the statement on "Why..." American schools lead in shooting crimes... etc. is very misleading. The Madras schools and the policies of Arab countries controlled by Muslim policies kill more students by far than the "nut cases" in America. If you wish to gather the statistics in Afganistan, and several remote areas in Pakistan, you'll find "official" slaughter of any progressive schools teaching in the "Western tradition". So, I don't believe you... PERIOD.February 28, 2012 at 1:00 pm | Reply DanDid you even read the article? He's referring to school shootings that are carried out by psychologically disturbed teens not religious nut jobs.February 28, 2012 at 4:57 pm | situationalawareness@Dan: Same deal, just a different name for the same issue.March 1, 2012 at 12:30 pm | Barry G.Hey, I wonder whether the fact that the US is number one in such shootings has anything to do with the fact that the US is the number one producer of arms (weapons), whether it has anything to do with the fact that our children watch so much TV (much of which is filled with violence), and whether , and whether it has anything to do with the fact that our legislators serve the interests of the lobbyists, who represent the arms industry, rather than represent the interest s of the people they have sworn to serve and protect!February 28, 2012 at 1:08 pm | Reply americangirlbecause anglos have a gene in them that predisposes them to mass murders....February 28, 2012 at 1:10 pm | Reply Earnan MAfrican-American males commit over half of the murders in the US.Does that mean Blacks have a gene that predisposes a very great number of them to murder people?  Is it better if they're only killing one or two people at a time?February 29, 2012 at 9:45 am | situationalawarenessAmerica != AnglosWipe that thought out of your mind.March 1, 2012 at 12:32 pm | CholeYou can, but it would cost more.February 28, 2012 at 1:10 pm | Reply TomBecause we have too many guns and too many cowboys.  No guns = No gun violence.  It is mathematically perfect and factually correct.  When are the 85% of the country not fascinated with guns going to reign the children (gunners and the NRA) in?February 28, 2012 at 1:13 pm | Reply situationalawarenessThat's a conceited and narrow point of view.  Actually, that's a disarming point of view.  Whether you want it or not, the very reason for weaponry held by civilians is for protection.  It wasn't until the 20th century that the concept of owning weapons only for hunting purposes even came into existence.  (yes, I realize you didn't mention the hunting aspect, I figured I'd nip that in the bud before it became a conversation piece)There is no "LOL OMG liek do xyz and it fixez everything!!!~@  duhh!~!~@" approach to this.  In fact, it's so many miniscule things that have changed, and I nor you can put our hands on one aspect that controls it all.That being said, since I can count the number of school shootings that have occurred in America in the last 20 years, and the fact that America's population count is 450 million, I'm thinking it's a fine tuning and not a crowed mass hysteria.March 1, 2012 at 12:39 pm | JakeBlame the inanimate object, don't blame the parents who kept firearms somewhere that could be accessed without their knowledge by a mentally disturbed 15-year-old.February 28, 2012 at 1:24 pm | Reply ChrisYour gun laws DUH!!!!! aw Americans...so dumb.February 28, 2012 at 1:47 pm | Reply Allyssa Sue WarbergRemember. Guns don't kill people  the reported death of those children is a fabrication of the liberal news media. As the NRA crime lobby keeps telling us, the solution is not to remove the guns from the hands of children, it is to arm all children so they can defend themselves.February 28, 2012 at 1:54 pm | Reply PatrickYea just like the little 10 year old girl that was killed by her class mate using only her fists. D*m guns!February 28, 2012 at 4:04 pm | Upset VoterThere is not a politician in the world who does as much for society as an engineer. All politicians provide is hot air and we already have enough global warming. BTW ... As much as I am disappointed with President Obama, the last administration thought it was good that our largest export is jobs. The economy was in collapse as they left because they ignored it.February 28, 2012 at 2:01 pm | Reply GvHThe headline is almost as stupid is our nation's obsession with guns.  The NRA will spin this like they always do...but they aren't sticking up for your liberties, it is all about money.  How can anyone sleep  that supports the rabid proliferation of guns in this country  when there are literally thousands of victims who die because of this ridicuous situation.  My heart goes out to those families and friends who have lost a loved one.February 28, 2012 at 2:24 pm | Reply AmericaIdiotSwiss are 2nd in gun ownership.  Yes.  You forgot to mention the 2:1 ratio in ownership.  We have more guns by a HUGE margin.February 28, 2012 at 2:31 pm | Reply VijaySimple Reason : Gun Gun Gun Gun GunFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:39 pm | Reply boinkmitt romney will ask his nascar team owner friends what to do... santorum will declare schools forced education against the bible and newt will push for more shootings so kids will quit school and get a jobFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:40 pm | Reply chrisbecause guns are availible and bullies are targets !!! i say survival of the fittest , and the bullies are the weak ones !!!!February 28, 2012 at 2:51 pm | Reply JMSThe Truth About School Violence is a good book that talks about all the different components rather than blaming any one facet.February 28, 2012 at 2:52 pm | Reply Joey BoyIt all comes down to one thing  the moral decline of society.February 28, 2012 at 3:23 pm | Reply tough call...Are you being sarcastic, or are you just plain looney?PS, consider apostrophes...February 28, 2012 at 3:34 pm | Reply Way Out ThereYou realize many politicians that are members of that 1% that are making decisions to rule your life are Democrats?February 28, 2012 at 3:41 pm | Reply miss.lydThis is an answer to all the replies and not only to jal.  Go to YouTube.  Type "CARMAN" and listen to his song "AMERICA AGAIN".  I hope that that song will answer many questions that are wirling aroundFebruary 28, 2012 at 3:50 pm | Reply historiansrealityAs someone who lived through Columbine, I will tell you its not because of bullying, or guns. People will always kill each other. But America leads in this category for one reason: 0 tolerance policies. Kids are punished excessively for school fights; 30 years ago, you would have 2 kids throw down in the gymnasium, and after it was over, you would shake hands and disregard your differences. Now...kids feel helpless, because if they fight back, they are arrested. We have raised our kids to be a bunch of sissy's who cant stand up for themselves without government intervention. THE GOVERNMENT IS TO BLAME. PROZAC AND THE PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES WHO FUND DRUGS WHO DRIVE PEOPLE INSANE ARE TO BLAME.February 28, 2012 at 4:08 pm | Reply Gutienbauerseems like your traumatic experience left some permanent damage. I'd advice a psych consultation..March 4, 2012 at 1:14 am | historiansrealityNow that right there folks, was an intelligent comment.^^^^^^Everyone look above^^^^ we have a true scholar right here. Grow up.April 19, 2012 at 2:48 am | MontiStevenRIt's the guns. Here you go "responsible" gun owners. How about IF YOU DO NOT SECURE YOUR GUN AND IT GETS USED IN A CRIME, YOU DO THE TIME.I am SICK AND TIRED of idiotic gun owners saying "I left it on the coffee table and it got stolen so I am not responsible". YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE! Keep your G.D. guns OUT OF THE HANDS OF CHILDREN AND CRIMINALS OR YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE.I am all for RESPONSIBLE GUN OWNERSHIP, I just have NEVER SEEN IT!---------------How many of your friends that hang out with you at the Tofu bar are gun owners? Sounds like you know nothing of gun owners. Myself, I am a Liberal who owns guns. it is easy to hate what you fear and do not understand and use it as a scapegoat.February 28, 2012 at 4:23 pm | Reply VergilSo by that token, if your car is stolen and used by a drunk driver to hit a bus full of school children killing half, you should be punish to the same extent as the driver since you did not do enough to secure your car.  "But I locked it".  Did you put a steering wheel locking device on it?  Did you put a tire boot locking device on it?  No? Then you could have done more.  What if one of your kids take a kitchen knife and guts the bully at school?  Should you be held responsible since you allow you child access to the deadly weapon?  how about when your little Timmy snags the full bottle of ibuprofen since his little girlfriend has been having headaches and she take too many and her liver fails and she dies?  The possibilities are endless.  Raise your kids to have respect and have compassion or their fellow humans.  Case closed not FO!February 28, 2012 at 9:29 pm | situationalawarenessSince strawman analogies are abound I ask you this: if I hack into your computer and transfer money from another persons bank account into an offshore account with the use of said computer, are you responsible?Yes, it has quite a bit of similarity, since you need to learn how to keep your computer safe and secure yet accessible.March 1, 2012 at 12:46 pm | Southern JawI agree with that!  Mitt's the pitt.  And given that we don't give teens permission to drive cars without a license, why not license teens before they can "drive" a gun to school or anywhere for that matter?   See a kid with a gun, hey where's your license? Then duck.February 28, 2012 at 4:37 pm | Reply klanother liberal hack who will never get it.  Blame guns and everything else but failing to  recognize  the truth.  CNN and their like (liberal democrats) have been for taking prayer and sound Biblical principles away from our kids for 40 years..  you now are reaping what you sow.  you laugh all you want to but when Jesus comes back you will see the Son of God in all his glory.February 28, 2012 at 5:14 pm | Reply situationalawarenesswhoa.. buddy.. what?easy... we're talking about real world things here, let's not get all nutty.  btw, liberal != anti-gun.March 1, 2012 at 12:48 pm | 4peasAll of these issues can be found in other developed societies, except the access to guns.  It is the single obvious reason this happens.  I have lived in a number of countries and the US is unique in this respect.  The parents of these kids take no responsibility; they are not accountable.  The other day a 3rd grader in Texas brought a loaded gun to school.  Nothing will happen to the parents.  What is wrong with these people?February 28, 2012 at 5:34 pm | Reply JPOne more thing, Americans love their guns and are addicted to violence. Watch the boob tube, it's like the Roman games broadcast 24 hours a day. Look at the movie heroes, from singing cowboys to the latest gun toting macho men. The society is so steeped in it they can't see life without it, some posters here equate anti gun posters as being weak. Sad to stay but stupidity is going to keep America from any change anytime soon, we're just a step above those cultures who shoot machine guns into the air at birthdays and weddings and if there were no laws against that I'm sure it would be happening in every city.March 1, 2012 at 9:38 am | situationalawareness@JP: it's obvious you aren't American, nor have been in America.  You're basing American culture and living from mainstream entertainment/television broadcasts.March 1, 2012 at 12:51 pm | LewLove it.February 28, 2012 at 5:37 pm | Reply ChadThe problem is gun legislation.  The supreme court has deemed that God gave us the right to own guns, just as the founding fathers deemed God gave us the right to own human beings.  Flawed reasoning, flawed results.In civilized countries like Australia, when they have a single massacre, they outlaw guns, as they did in 1996.  Problem solved.Until we as a culture decide that we need to get rid of all guns that are not used actively for hunting purposes, we will be condemned to this sort of horror.You can look for warning signs, do psychological analyses, you name it... until we take guns away, we will continue to see these headlines.Obviously there are occurrences that can be singled out in other countries, but I would imagine that America has more gun violence than the rest of our allies put together.February 28, 2012 at 5:38 pm | Reply AugustCan we look at the involvement of parental units at home? Both Mom and Dad are working full time to pay bills and children have no guidance at home. This isnt a gun control problem. This is a problem with what is going on in America. Other countries dont have it this bad because other countries are there for their children. We just ignore them until something bad happens for the most part.February 28, 2012 at 5:39 pm | Reply NormIt's VERY simple.We've outlawed corporal punishment and now our children have nothing to fear.It can't get any simpler than that.Ask yourself when all of this kind of insane behavior started.February 28, 2012 at 5:44 pm | Reply Food4Thought3President Obama is to blame.Actually, it is because gas prices are rising.Just kidding, it is because we don't have nationalized health care.Wow, it is fun to make completely irrelevant news the culprit. Enough blaming the 1%.  After all, they're 1%.  I bet you think the US would never have debt/deficit if it just had more money.February 28, 2012 at 5:48 pm | Reply justice4sarahWe are #1 because of 'ZERO Tolerance" These kids are so suppressed, this is the ONLY avenue left for them. DUH! Let them take it out back and settle the issues, like we did a few years ago. 9 out of 10 they will walk away renewed friends and the problem settled and no one is KILLED. Nothing will come of it but a few bumps and bruises. These idiot school officials are to BLAME for every child killed in schools, past, present and future.February 28, 2012 at 5:58 pm | Reply ToshiOMG Sarah,I don't even know if your pathetic narrative deserves a response. Should we have the schools schedule a specific time of the day for fights with those we can't get along with or should they just be allowed to leave the classroom whenever they want to and go beat the tar out of each other?if anyone in school now days even gets bumped into or looked at the wrong way the parents are usually calling the principal before midnight demanding that the other kid be disciplined. Maybe our parenting and the examples that we set for our children in people skills and positive social interactions should be put under the microscope.February 28, 2012 at 10:36 pm | justice4sarahNo we should not, they did not do this years ago. The students took it upon themselves to handle this. But know they are suppressed to a point of bringing a GUN to school and KILLING each other. Now what was your comment in regards to my pathetic narrative?February 29, 2012 at 4:07 pm | Charlton HestonWhy are there so many people who claim that knives are just as effective as guns? How do you kill somebody twenty feet away with a knife?  This argument is always about "If you take away guns, they will use knives, or spatulas, or bats?  So this 16 year old kid in Ohio and others like him are going to become expert knife throwers?  Even if they could throw ten knives accurately in 20 seconds, they wouldn't do as much damage to skulls or torsos as a gun.  Potential victims can hide behind a desk or even a window because the energy in a thrown knife is so much less than a bullet.  Handheld knife attacks in a classroom could be easily defended by multiple people and running is an option too.  Knives are nowhere near as effective as a gun unless you get the hand-held knife very close someone's body.  It's a loosing argument, but gun lovers keep making it.February 28, 2012 at 6:00 pm | Reply situationalawarenesssigh.. knives are not the only choice.  Actually, knives are better for close quarters combat than guns.  There are a myriad of ways to kill large numbers of people at once.  Handheld weapons are only one concept.  Humans are weak, it's not hard... the problem is having the desire to do it.  THAT is the problem.March 1, 2012 at 12:57 pm | Marcosthere are other effective method beside using knife and you don't even need guns.1.learned to drive your parent's car (in my city's car crashed record one SUV kill 15 people bystander)2.Molotov grenade. (ingredients only need unleaded fuel +bottle+handkerchief which are plenty available)3.Acid vial from the schools chemical lab (favorite weapon of some men in Mid East to destroy their wives' faces)4.the last one is Gas leaked bomb just need lighter and big wrench find the gas source in the school broke their pipe and light them up (boom)See no need guns and any fanciful weapon but can cause lot of victim and damage.I just saying that if people want to kill someone he/she will always find a way to it even without guns.March 2, 2012 at 11:09 am | mimLook at what is on TV and in the movies in this country. GUNS and violence.Look at how depression is treated  anti-depressants that create as side effects, anger, suicidal tendencies and violent behavior.These two factors say a lot about why America is on top for violence in and out of schools.February 28, 2012 at 6:04 pm | Reply donald S.there number 1 in school shootings because...............duh america has to be the best at everything. Havnt you heard?babababababababababbaabbaba bird bird bird is the word!!!February 28, 2012 at 6:24 pm | Reply smjThe swiss people all have automatic weapons in their home. The children there are not shooting up the schools. If you own a gun, lock it up. Trigger locks, gun safe, whatever works. Its your gun, and there is some amount of responsibility there. If your child takes your gun and shoots up a school, well how did they get the gun? You cannot help stolen property, but you can control what is yours.February 28, 2012 at 6:50 pm | Reply BruceCountries with more gun controls have fewer problems with school shootings.   This may not be a popular thing to say , but the truth is the truth.  My father had hunting rifles and I'm not anti guns  however, we as country apparently don't try hard enough to keep them out of the hands of our kids.  The owner of the gun used in this and any other shooting involving juveniles should go on trial with the under age shooter.February 28, 2012 at 6:52 pm | Reply YouGuysAreNutsMost of you are crazy.  Guns are not the problem.  If every honest American carried they would be less crime.  If you look at states that have implemented carry permits, as the number of permits goes up, the crime rate goes down.  More innocent people are killed by carless and drunk drivers then by guns.  I don't see anyone trying to ban alchol or stop giving drivers licenses to idiots.  In America, everyone has the right to go to school no matter how many issues they have or how violent they are.  If we kicked the bads kids out of school we would have less issues.  If our schools focused on education instead of sports we would have less issues.  If it were not for Americans with guns, the whole world would be speaking German.  Guns are not the issue, bad people are the issue.  If it wasn't a gun, it would be a knife, or a stick, or something else.Those of you from other countries that do not like us Americans, stop taking our money, military support, and stand on your own two feet.  Maybe then we could we could afford more police offers and train out teaching staff better.February 28, 2012 at 7:08 pm | Reply YoureIdiotWe don't take your money, you are selling your oil and gas to other countries to make money, you're the one who takes ours. We stand on our feet, we don't use your military, you are on a constant search to which country you will invade next, and then you asked other countries to help supporting you. Wake up. No one needs you but you need help.February 28, 2012 at 11:25 pm | simpleAll cases so far, children been on medication either ADD or Anti depression. do some research before you speak...February 28, 2012 at 7:29 pm | Reply loverspointWhy is America #1 in school murders? well they are terrible in all basic forms of education compared to the rest of the world, so they strove to reach the goal of being #1 at something, so they chose something they are good at-murder.February 28, 2012 at 9:44 pm | Reply James OreillySince we seem to be of opinion that guns are the reason, although having had them in the house and around the house as children and with children, I have never seen seen one get up and threaten anyone. This leads me to belive it sits more in the education and personal accountability area.  If we are signaling out things, more people are killed by cars than guns, fire kills many as well.  We should outlaw matches and automobiles just to be sure.  But why stop there....February 28, 2012 at 9:44 pm | Reply PatI dunno...could it be that Jesus prefers having guns to revering young human lives?  I mean, if santorum is right (pun) then young people should just be used for target practice since education is a "no-no".  Haven't the catholic priests proved that point over and over?February 28, 2012 at 9:44 pm | Reply traumawe have training issues.  both men and women, but it shows up as a problem earlier for boys.http://mitworld.mit.edu/video/729February 28, 2012 at 9:56 pm | Reply traumaand we aren't giving kids a language to deal with trauma.February 28, 2012 at 9:58 pm | P. O. CarlAnger, plain and simple.  Everyone is mad about something.  Look how polarized the country is getting.  There is no middle ground anymore.  DC is the best example, or worst, depending on how you look at it.February 28, 2012 at 10:42 pm | Reply CADCAMThis has nothing to do with guns.  It has to do with a kid who was bullied and cracked...If it wasn't a gun, it could have been a baseball bat, poison, kitchen knife, etc.February 28, 2012 at 10:50 pm | Reply StephIt shocked me that this article stated the boys that were involved in the Columbine shooting, Dylan and Eric, were NOT bullied. I am hoping (and praying) that this was a huge typo because I know first hand that those boys were tortured day in and day out at the hands of several other students. No bullying will ever exscuse the act of killing, HOWEVER, to dismiss what those two went through, and to say that they just woke up one day hating the world is not only false, but just straight APPALLING! I read CNN news on a daily basis and it disgusts me that such a well known and well accredited journalist news source would post such a thing. Bullying is REAL. And kids around the U.S. are affected daily by the abuse of bullies. It is our lack of understanding and articles like this that truly keep the world of bullying go round.February 29, 2012 at 12:15 am | Reply AnnMetal detectors should be installed at all schools with limited entrances and many exits...like the airports.  Kids are at school to learn and should not have to wonder if the wierd, depressed, emo screamo guy next to him/her is packin'.But then I'm for school uniforms and school ending at 5pm.  I know kids want to express themselves and all that crap but all it does is give better/cooler dressed kids more ammo to bully or tease.  Plus the purple hair has to go...who can focus on a lecture with a guy wearing a purple mohawk sitting in front of you? Maybe I'm old fashioned or watched too much brady bunch or Ozzy and Harriet...but something needs to give.  We are going backwards as a society...February 29, 2012 at 2:29 am | Reply IsuresOf the 10 worst, only 3 were in the U.S., and 3 were in Europe. You gave examples of Russia and Israel but those two incidents were perpetrated by external terrorists, while many of the U.S. incidents were perpetrated by students. This is a significant difference if you're asking why it happens.February 29, 2012 at 5:15 am | Reply 13DirectorsSurely you jest. I mean, anyone with pea sized brain knows that Romney hasn't worked in years. His money works for him. He's living off his investments and stockpiling it under his wife's name and in non-taxable trust funds for his sons, who I might add look to be just about the right age to serve our country.February 29, 2012 at 9:42 am | Reply David"Despite rumors to the contrary, the Columbine killers were not bullied."-Are you serious? Have you no knowledge whatsoever of the shooting? Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold were both bullied that's why they targeted anyone wearing a white hat. Listen to the interviews given by the then-students of Columbine High School and you'll see very clearly that bullying/revenge was the motivating factor.February 29, 2012 at 9:43 am | Reply desert voice (troubledgoodangel or Nathanael or Bohdan or Voiceinthedesert)I agree with David. The whole world had learned after Columbine that those perpetrators were bullied. Bullying is found all over the world. Let's start there. He who says no, is a liar. I was bullied in Communist Poland after World War Two ... by members of the Hitlerjugend admitted to my school after the war ended. I speak from experience.There is ione cause for bullying in peace time (war or prison time is different), and that is: lack of swift exemplary punishment! The authorities in schools have self-castrated! They need to respons not with lectures and seminars on bullying, but with an instant whipping on the bare ass of the bully caught, in front of the entire school! End of the story of bullying! No other remedy is possible in the world because of the fouled human nature. All "other" remedies will be "too little too late"!!March 1, 2012 at 4:47 am | c6022Mitt Romney is a tool.February 29, 2012 at 10:07 am | Reply TheMagusNYCWhat's this about Mitt Romney working? Did not see any evidence of wages on his tax forms.Perhaps you are referring to missionary, lobbying, or charitable activities?February 29, 2012 at 11:15 am | Reply Mike MurphyJust another prime example of our famous "Gun-Free Zone".  It happens to be a "Free Gun Zone" for those who choose to take advantage of the law.  Why don't we get our heads out of the sand????? The law-abiding armed citizen is supposed to stand by and let this happen...where are the sheepdogs?  I know where the sheople are...February 29, 2012 at 1:16 pm | Reply melvinslizardDid any of the anti-gun nuts see the story about the 10 year old girl that died after getting into a fist fight with a classmate?  10 years old, 1 punch, 1 bloody nose, and she was dead before the day was thru.  But guns are the problem, right?  Where's your push to ban 10 year old kids?February 29, 2012 at 3:28 pm | Reply billymy son was bullied today a bully got in his face and pushed him, the bully got punched in the stomach by my son. now my son is suspended and the bully gets no punishment cause the teachers didnt see nothing .how long can we make our children run to the teachers when being bullied and nothing be done about it, and when they finally get tired of it they defend there self and get suspended i think fighting back is the only way to prevent a biuld up over time of being bullied and then finally kids loose it and cant take it no more  and lash out in a major way. im glad my son is defending his self cause the teachers arent doing enough. my son had fear of this boy but not anymoreFebruary 29, 2012 at 3:39 pm | Reply RobThe answer is easy.  Because the majority of people in this country have no education and mis-interpret the second amendment (including the majority of the supreme farce).  Individuals are NOT a militia for crap's sake.  We still think it's the 1800's wild west.February 29, 2012 at 4:32 pm | Reply peterAnti-gun commenters:  if you had a gun, would you go shoot someone?  Answer should be no, therefore the ownership of guns isn't the issue.  If you didn't care about other people, desperately wanted to rob someone, had no fear of God, etc would you shoot someone?  Probably yes, and so those are the reasons.   But, how to the "non likey to shoot someone" people protect them selves from the other?  I don't know.  Did people go on shooting rampages in the 50's?  How are we changing that this is becoming more common?February 29, 2012 at 7:50 pm | Reply Sandy LThese students have mental problems & they need to be addressed before they act out & kill. We need to have guns less available to students.What's wrong with our education system that we aren't made more aware of our students mental states????March 1, 2012 at 8:53 am | Reply DGWhat is with Americans and their guns? If your spineless politicians would stand up to the NRA and get some tough gun control laws passed, maybe kids wouldn't be killing each other at school. Also, your 2nd amendment uses the phrase " a well regulated militia"  to me that could be the National Guard. Nowhere does it say that its citizens need semi and full automatic weapons in their hall closets.March 2, 2012 at 7:11 pm | Reply Last of the JediGo live in Iran.Hitler took away Germany's guns and look what happend.March 5, 2012 at 1:16 am | HavildarIt is simple in the USA groups like the NRA,armed militia's in every State and the Worship of the misguided Second amendment has lead to wholesale slaughter in our Rural, City, streets homes, schools etc. The death toll is higher than in any other Nation on Earth. Yet the "spineless legislators" in the states and congress are afraid to act in a responsible manner when it comes to the wholesale easy availability of firearms on every street corners. Sue the members of Congress and the NRA for the lose of loved ones.March 3, 2012 at 10:11 am | Reply cocopufWe are a product of our environment which teaches kids that if it feels good, do it. Also, we teach our kids that we came from apes as you see so often by National Geographic on TV. What do you expect from kids when we show them all this violence on TV, and even a lot of games.The moment we have taken our creator out of the equation of life and purpose in our lives in schools, morals and responsibility has gone down the tube.March 3, 2012 at 10:28 am | Reply PrettygalEveryone-send your kids to Catholic school, if you want them to be safe. We are not Catholic, but our child is going to a Catholic school where he is protected. You don't have to be Catholic!  Plus you get a great education.March 3, 2012 at 5:51 pm | Reply Bloooper1Gun are not the first problem. I happens at schools !!!! Apparently something is wrong in schools. Maybe 'Chrstian' limited scope of vision triggers individuals to feel outcast. (so will all religion visions do by the way) Should teachers not teach to think and reflect/question youngsters and not tell them what they 'have' to accept ? I don't mean they are capable of seeing (whatever) truth. But shouldn't they as an individual have the right to think about it freely (not unlimited however; respect for the other is essential) ? Wasn't that something we did not like ourselves at the time ?Today, teachers in Europa are increasingly telling how the world is functionning. First of all the don't know just the alpha of it, seccond they get alle easily from journalists who think Rome ias the capital fo Spain. I am a master-professor and I know that students don(t even know who Mao, Stali, Napoleon or others serials were ..March 3, 2012 at 8:49 pm | Reply BenThe problem with your silly analogy is that both Romney and the "electrical engineer" work harder in one day than ANY of your so-called occupy protestors. And, as someone who works 60 hours a week as he tries to get into the 1%, we are sick of your laziness and paying for your inactivity.March 4, 2012 at 10:21 am | Reply COWBOYI am a firm believer in "TRAINING", the child should be trained not only at school, but also by the responsible parents-this is a MUST.  The child or student must be made of all reprocutions of their actions but also those actions that DON'T require such force and how to impliment them into a situation.March 4, 2012 at 4:24 pm | Reply BocknobbyMany factors responsible, as the article states. But I still believe that too many Americans believe the way to deal with a problem is violence, and the fastest problem-solving option is a firearm. Television and cinema too often promote the notion that, to deal with a problem, bring a weapon. And don't be afraid to use it. Ask questions later.February 28, 2012 at 7:49 am | Reply InkMot@Bocknobby: It's interesting that you perceive that movies and television present guns as "the fastest problem-solving option".  My experience with movie and television storytelling is closer to the opposite.  It seems to me that, whenever a dangerous situation might be quickly ended by the protagonist simply pulling the trigger on the gun in his hand, he chooses not to do so, is prevented from doing so or the weapon is otherwise shown to be ineffective.  The story then proceeds with the antagonist eventually being dispatched by some complex innovation.  It seems to me that movies and television more often attempt to show guns as useless.February 28, 2012 at 9:25 am | Reply DrowlordYou don't pay much attention to movies.  While it's true that the primary antagonist in most movies gets away over and over again, there are always plenty of henchmen to sponge up the lead.February 28, 2012 at 9:39 am | nerve9@InkMot  Are you kidding me?  What movies are you watching!?February 28, 2012 at 9:55 am | MarkNonetheless, it still remains that people do not seem to know how to solve problems without violence AND they have typically resorted to firearms. We can debate this a hundred ways  it's still someone becoming unhinged, for whatever reasons, grabbing a gun, and killing innocent bystanders. Every time, all the time. THAT is the problemFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:33 am | Reply Drowlord"People don't know how to handle problems without violence and they typically resort to using guns?"  You are aware of the reality that gun violence is incredibly rare, right?  I live in a suburb of Dallas with 250,000 people, and in a typical year we have 3 murders and 20 assaults in our entire town.  And Dallas is a pretty gun-happy place.  You're utterly delusional if you believe the USA is a place where people resort to violence to deal with problems, and typically use a gun, shooting bystanders every time.February 28, 2012 at 9:51 am | nerve9@drowlord  You need to get out more.  Gun violence in this country is something like 100x higher than in most other first world countries.  Just because your neighborhood doesn't have a lot of gun violence doesn't mean other areas don't.  I live in a major city and we have shooting DAILY.February 28, 2012 at 10:58 am | BenI rent duplexes to college-aged kids. They don't pay rent, lie, destroy property and then, when called on the carpet and given the slightest consequence, redouble their destruction of property. The guns/shootings are merely a symptom. The problem is how these children and their parents were raised by the baby boomers.March 4, 2012 at 10:25 am | SarahI agree completely.  And, we have waaaaayyyy too many guns in this country.February 28, 2012 at 10:32 am | Reply captain!Jean Luc Picard for President! Diplomacy and teamwork win the day, not violence. It helps to have phasers and photon torpedoes if needed, however.February 28, 2012 at 12:16 pm | Reply boinkso according to you only americans watch movies..... do u think about things sentence by sentence as u write them?February 28, 2012 at 2:41 pm | Reply mimYou're on it.February 28, 2012 at 6:04 pm | Reply LambOur government frequently and openly advocates the use of force in conflict resolution.  When kids see that the politicians they admire have no trouble justifying the use of force on someone they dislike, they take note.February 28, 2012 at 8:41 am | Reply smartazKids don't admire politicians.  Most kids can tell you who the President is, but I doubt many can tell you who their own state representatives are.February 28, 2012 at 9:36 am | Reply RustyWheelsI don't think anyone admires any politician. But  you're right about one thing. We have a lot of war mongers in the Republican party in Washington that want to bomb or invade every nation under the sun.February 28, 2012 at 9:42 am | Reply Russellindeed, obama bombing libya, drone killing kids in pakistan, and now wanting to invade syria. God bless the peaceful obomberMarch 1, 2012 at 1:49 pm | ardeerdGuns  The United States of America has a massive problem with guns. Violent crime in the USA is greater than that of almost the entire civilzed world.  ALL other civilized nations on planet earth are completely puzzled by this love of guns in the USA.A politician CANNOT get elected in the USA by advocating gun control. Until Americans step up and admit this bizarre RIGHT TO BEAR ARMS rules their country, expect more of the same.February 28, 2012 at 9:48 am | Reply ForGoodOfAllSad but true, ardeerd! Violent school shootings and attacks on innocent citizens continue to threaten society. Gun shows that sell guns and ammo are everywhere, about as popular as flea markets these days. My family does not own guns, but I do not condemn those families that do own guns and keep them properly locked up. I blame the ignorant people that do not responsibly lock up their guns and ammo to keep the weapons out of the hands of children and the mentally incapacitated. I also blame government for being too lax in selling guns to people of questionable sanity and morals. More in-depth background checks requiring longer wait periods to receive firearms must be enforced. I know how riled up pro-gun people get about stricter gun control, but as a parent with kids in school, I worry about some bullied, neurotic & fed-up kid storming into my children's school with a loaded firearm because he/she wants retaliation.February 28, 2012 at 10:44 am | boinkhowever fox news has no rating on it. so when a sponge minded kid sits in front of fox news and every 5 minutes gets drilled into their head that everyone against them is a nazi etc etc etc they leave the room thinking of ice cream and lollipopsFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:45 pm | Reply Fair TaxesMaybe America is No. 1 in School Shootings because America is No. 1 in allowing people to own and carry guns?  Duh?Clearly, this idea that guns make us safer is not working for school children.February 28, 2012 at 9:10 am | Reply IggyCPlease check your facts.February 28, 2012 at 9:23 am | Reply DonPlease let us know which facts are wrong. It does appear that there is a connection between our gun culture and the use of guns in shootings, especially if you compare this to our neighbor to the north, Canada, where guns are much harder to obtain and shootings are much more rare.February 28, 2012 at 9:36 am | tlindaYou are 100% rightFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:52 am | Reply tlindaWe feel safer here in Canada BECAUSE of the fact that there are less gunsFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:54 am | TomAhh, I do find logic refreshing in the morning.  It's hard to disagree with sound reasoning. However, some of our more dense will succeed in finding a way.February 28, 2012 at 10:26 am | Nom DeguerreAs a law abiding citizen, I prefer to armed.. the fundamental issue that get left out by the anti-gun people is that criminals dont obey the law. Only a fool would believe that banning guns would do anything other than disarm those who obey the law.February 28, 2012 at 9:55 am | Reply The REAL Truth...Lot of "fools" around then!February 28, 2012 at 10:00 am | DianeTIme to face reality, Nom. It's not like the criminals in other countries are wandering around killing with knives, poisons, golf clubs, or whatever. There are more deaths here because it's EASY to kill with guns, And though you may argue for arming for self defense, NO ONE needs an assault rifle to defend themselves, that's a false argument in the face of what Americans are armed with.February 28, 2012 at 10:48 am | RobDiane, google "UK knife attack stats" and educate yourself.February 28, 2012 at 1:07 pm | MarkForget the tried dogma-Children can not own and carry guns legally. The fact that some children have access to guns is undisputed as is some of these same children, for whatever reason, decide to act upon whatever's in their heads. Without both parts of this coming together there would be no school  shootings. Children's access must be better controlled, especially those with problems-Of course that is tough with parents today that do not pay attention to their kids, with their work or friends.February 28, 2012 at 10:26 am | Reply ForGoodOfAllAgreed, Fair Taxes!February 28, 2012 at 10:47 am | Reply Turn the Other...Just like the war on drugs has curbed drug addiction in the US.February 28, 2012 at 10:52 am | Reply JulieGuns do make people safer, if used correctly.  Having a gun for protection puts you on the same playing field as the criminals and oppressors that will have guns no mater what the laws say.  The whole idea of having guns isn't to use it for violence but for the protection of peace.  The more people who have and are educated in gun safety, the safer this country is.  Now for the argument that criminals won't have guns if there are more gun laws, is silly.  For example, this child was breaking multiple gun laws bringing this gun to a school and he was breaking even more law shooting the gun.  Obviously gun laws did not deter this child from attaining and using a gun illegally, so why would it deter anyone else with similar motives?February 28, 2012 at 2:17 pm | Reply Earnan MPlease name a single state in the US where grade school or high school students are allowed to carry guns in public, carry guns to school, or even just obtain guns?None such exists, of course, but don't let reality and factrs get in the way of your hysterial gun-phobic temper tantrum.February 29, 2012 at 9:55 am | Reply A.ABring back corporal punishment.February 28, 2012 at 9:11 am | Reply Emmy Skaddittlethen the principal would have been the one shot, that is not the answer.  the kids need counsellingFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:36 am | Reply AlfaoYou are so right. American kids are the parents at home. The so-called children right, privacy etc.February 28, 2012 at 9:40 am | Reply boinkcorporal punishment never left that is why we are an evil doer country also...... point fingers at other countries so they cant point at usFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:47 pm | Reply DanThe VT killer was 23, well within the age of owning a gun legally. Kind of wrong to say if kids couldnt get a gun there wouldnt have been the VT massacre.February 28, 2012 at 9:13 am | Reply Victor E. MaffeiNRA is giving this young man a badge of honor. Will probably defend his right to bear arms in defense of liberty.February 28, 2012 at 9:17 am | Reply IggyCVictor, wrong again. Please stick to facts instead of spewing rhetoric.February 28, 2012 at 9:24 am | texpatroitYou should go back to your caveman country. Such a stupid reply.February 28, 2012 at 9:34 am | LukeVictor, your NRA must be different from my NRA.  My NRA is the National Rifle Association, they promote law abiding citizens lawfully owning firearms. Seventeen year olds do not legally own handguns. Nor is it legal to go shoot a bunch of kids in a school. What your NRA is, to me, is a mystery.February 28, 2012 at 10:56 am | Earnan MVictor is a lying piece of crap, like so many of the anti-gun nuts who blame law-abiding gun owners for the acts of criminals.The NRA would prefer to see laws that allow adults-professors, teachers, staff and students like the tens of thousands of military veterans in university on the GI Bill-to carry guns for the defense of themselves and others.The NRA recognizes the plain simple fact that gun control laws have never kept criminals from obtaining guns.Campus gun bans have only resulted in campuses free of anyone who can fight back against a murderer.That's what Victor actually wants: more unarmed victims.February 29, 2012 at 10:02 am | Chuck AnziulewiczWhy is the U.S. lead the world in school shootings?Two words: AMERICAN EXCEPTIONALISM.February 28, 2012 at 9:13 am | Reply probityit occurs to me that you are the one looking down your nose at Americans, not the other way around.February 28, 2012 at 9:29 am | Reply FrankWE'RE #1 !!!!    WE'RE #1 !!!!!    WE'RE #1 !!!!!  ........February 28, 2012 at 9:14 am | Reply fuzzboxxUSA! USA! USA!February 28, 2012 at 9:17 am | Reply markishereHomer Simpson!February 28, 2012 at 12:24 pm | Reply JimI am really curoius about how the NRA will respond.Why is America No. 1 in school shootings, NRA?  Because there aren't enough guns in schools?They will probably say, only criminals use guns irresponsibly, and once an NRA member does something criminal, he's not an NRA reprentative anymore.  Thus it's never their problem.February 28, 2012 at 9:15 am | Reply DanI am not much of a gun activist but what you are saying is that if all guns were banned there would no longer be gun crimes? Criminals wouldnt gain access to these weapons? Dream on dudeFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:16 am | Reply ShaneWell...I doubt there would be more gun crimes, and that's a start...February 28, 2012 at 9:25 am | DianeBy this logic, countries with banned guns would have just as many gun deaths, since the "criminals" would still get guns. Doesn't happen, though, does it?February 28, 2012 at 10:50 am | Rich7553@Diane: Personal ownership of firearms is virtually illegal in Mexico, yet their gun homicide rate is twice that of the United States. There are an esitmated 80 million homes and 300 million firearms in the United States. However, there are only an estimated 30,000 gun deaths in the US per year (CDC). Of those, about 18,000 are suicides, 10,000 are murders, and 2,000 are accidental. Of the 10,000 murders, over 85% are committed by persons already having a felony conviction. In fact, firearms deaths are no longer in the CDC's top 15 causes of death. Since about 1990, over half of the states have implemented "shall-issue" concealed carry, yet gun deaths and violent crime have decreased significantly since that time and are now at their lowest level since the mid-1960s (FBI).February 28, 2012 at 12:43 pm | JimDan, this whole "criminals will get guns" is a bogus argument.America limits who can buy and use explosives, yet criminals don't go around blowing things up because they can get explosives.Moreover, just because we can't or won't ban guns, doesn't mean America need to make it so easy for criminals and children to get guns.  Background checks aren't even required at gun shows.  How does that make any sense?February 28, 2012 at 9:23 am | Reply InkMot@Jim: Background checks are absolutely required at gun shows  just as they are required at gun shops.  One completes the same form and waits the same amount of time while the licensed dealer calls in the background check.February 28, 2012 at 9:31 am | Emmy Skaddittlecriminals get guns by stealing them from morons that shouldn't have them in the first placeFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:37 am | texpatroitYou might want to get your facts together before running your jaw. Background checks are required. Now if you want to be free of guns, move to Russia, Iran, or any other country but leave.February 28, 2012 at 9:38 am | DoggShoWrong, criminals (or say I terrorist) have always obtained both legal and illegal explosives through thievery, over the counter, compromised and or corrupted officials; thus, it's the immoral character and or the root of the problem(s) that needs to be held in check, because if not then when you strip all guns away, those same maligned characters will resort to using vehicles, bats, knives, acids, and or simply their bare hands. To disarm the law abiding citizens -on the inverse, is to pro-arm criminals who are gonna obtain firearms illegally anyway.February 28, 2012 at 10:15 am | Rich7553@Emmy: So your solution to the rampant car theft problem is to outlaw cars and punish those who get their cars stolen instead of punishing those who do the stealing?February 28, 2012 at 12:46 pm | ChrisYes. Like religious people do... "he did this horrible thing but he is not really part of our group".February 28, 2012 at 9:28 am | Reply chris2ah... its nice to finaly find an atheist who claims Hilter, Stalin, Lenin, Pol Pot, Castro, Ho Chi Minh, Nehru, Mobutu  and Honecker as their own.February 28, 2012 at 1:52 pm | JeremyIn Ohio it is illegal to let a child have access to a gun without adult supervision.  When the shooter showed up at school with a gun, an adult had already violated the law. The sad reality is that too few children understand the deadly power and force of firearms.  Even in the interviews, the other children reported hearing "fireworks". How are our children ever going to respect firearms and the tragedy that they can cause if they are never taught gun safety? Luckily we have the right to defend ourselves in this country with personally owned firearms. Regardless or whether you like that right or not, it is everyone's responsibility to prevent children from misusing guns, cars, alcohol, or any of the other "adult" things that have a lawful place in our society.February 28, 2012 at 9:40 am | Reply lesawithaneJEREMY!!!!TOTALLY AGREE WITH YOUR WHOLE STATEMENT!  See this is smart people.  I grew up with guns, my father taught me to duck hunt.  Im now a 30 something professional, dont use guns any longer, but believe that children SHOULD learn about gun violence that could happen in school.  I keep hearing kids say " thought it was fireworks" .  I know this school had a great system put in place which probably saved lives.  My sons school does the same-but they didnt really learn the gun part.  I think it should be added...at this point we cannot guarantee someone will not bring a gun to school-but at least our children will be even more ready if someone does.  So sad...February 28, 2012 at 10:30 am | Conradwell in this country we are being bullied everywhereschool,work,social life etc etcyou add that a mentality base on violence and lack of respect of human lifeand you have your answer to why school shooting happen ..!!February 28, 2012 at 9:18 am | Reply MrsFizzyAnd then consider that the rest of the world sees OUR country as a big bully...February 28, 2012 at 7:01 pm | Reply FrankJim, would it make you feel better if the kid brought a knife to school and stabbed the others?February 28, 2012 at 9:18 am | Reply JimFrank, with a knife the victims could have at least run away or defended themself.Moreover, how many drive by stabbings have you heard about in the news lately?  Or how about the kid in Florida killed by someone firing into the air?  How many knives travel 1000s of feet and fall on unsuspecting victims in their back yard?February 28, 2012 at 9:26 am | Reply Bob A.Frank  Jim is right. It's a lot harder psychologically  and more dangerous personally  to plunge a knife in and see the blood from arm's length than to point a gun at a body far away.February 28, 2012 at 9:31 am | FrankMore people die in car accidents.  Should we close the highways and outlaw cars?  Would it make you feel better if the kids were stabbed?  So, they had a chance to defend themselves before dying from a stab wound?  Would that make it better?  Seriously?February 28, 2012 at 9:34 am | The REAL Truth...@Frank  some ole, same ole 2A speel..  IF the kid had had a knife, I guarantee you there would NOT be 2 DEAD 17-yrs old at that school right now. The perp would have been jumped and disarmed. Many knife wounds are not life threatening  even when someone IS jumped by surprise. But in a school cafeteria, your going to see someone coming at you with a knife, and avoid it. With a gun.. .you are seeing the end result. No guns   the schools wouldn't need lock down policies and preparation would they. Your ill-formed logic as to the the "right to bear arms" is continually being spouted by the pro-gun lobby. I have no issues with guns. Used 'em. Have 'em.  Hand guns sole purpose is to KILL. They should be banned or strictly controlled. And pls... don't retort with the "criminals will always have them" response. I'ts immature and asinine. Sure they will, but it's supply and demand. Cut the supply and the demand will go up. Kill the supply and they'll not have access to them.February 28, 2012 at 10:44 am | Rich7553@The REAL Truth...: You say this because prohibition worked so well in the 20s and 30s and because the "War on Drugs" is working so well today? The government spent a ton of money on both of these prohibitions and one could still get what they wanted with little trouble. All prohibitions do is set up a black market.February 28, 2012 at 12:53 pm | concerned@Frank  That argument doesn't hold water, the intended purpose of a car is not to kill people.  We should make safer cars and highways so that less people die in accidents.  On the other hand, there's not much reason for guns to exist other than to kill things.  Making a gun safer would render it useless.February 28, 2012 at 1:08 pm | Shaneit probably would not have happened that way. It was a concern of the founding fathers, that guns made it too easy to kill people. In their minds a knife/sword requires skill and then a closeness that makes it harder for someone to kill, to get their hands "dirty." They were probably right, so my guess is a knife would not have had the same consequences.February 28, 2012 at 9:30 am | Reply FrankThat's a nice "guess", but a wrong one.You guys make it seem like killing others was invented at the same time as firearms.  People have been donig it for as long as there have been people, and they never worried about getting their hands "dirty".February 28, 2012 at 9:44 am | The REAL Truth...Uh no!!  ...The concern of the founding fathers was to protect the newly for state independence. The 2A states "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."  It unfortunate the the pro-gun lobby hones in on the latter part of the amendment. There's nothing wrong with guns, but the "right" was to be able to quickly form a militia ("reserves") to defend life, limb, property and independence 200 yrs ago. That need for the "security of a free state" no longer exists in today's world. We have the military and the reserves to do that now.February 28, 2012 at 10:50 am | Rich7553@The REAL Truth...: The Supreme Court disagrees.February 28, 2012 at 12:55 pm | The REAL Truth...@rich7553  "The Supreme Court disagrees."you are correct, but that doesn't make it the right decision  they are known for rulings with unintended consequences such as the SuperPAC's and Corporations.And back to your earlier response to an earlier comment of mine about gun control.. I NEVER said "prohibition". I said CONTROL. I'm not talking about Uncle Sam showing up at ur door and demand your guns. Prohibition does not work. That's stupid/crazy and will never happen. I'm talking about strict HAND GUN control. NOT about taking away all guns.In all seriousness.. .have you ever been deer or hog hunting with a handgun?  You might, but it's rare.February 28, 2012 at 5:39 pm | Rich7553@The REAL Truth...: Nope, never been hunting with a handgun. Mine serves two purposes only. Self defense and sport shooting. What exactly is "real hangun control"? 30,000 laws aren't enough? Attempting to legislate criminal behavior is doomed to failure. It has never worked, it can never work. At some point, everyone will be a criminal for one reason or another and personal liberty will cease to exist. A handgun is the most efficient, effective means of protecting one's life in case of a violent attack. Instead of handgun control, you should be advocating criminal control. Why is it that over 85% of murders are committed by felons? Why are they out on the streets?February 28, 2012 at 6:03 pm | LeighI really think a huge part of the problem is our lack of empathy. We are a selfish society  look out for number one. Read the responses to articles right here on CNN  people are cruel, blame victims, think boys who are bulled are "sissies" and make jokes about violence. We are removed from reality  desensitized to the pain of others. So many teens simply can't put themselves in another's position  can't comprehend that many lives are connected and that an act of violence has a ripple effect. Why is this the case? Maybe it is the violent video games, the movies and reality tv, broken homes and kids spending their childhoods in daycare. Maybe it's praising a kid for every little thing and building them up as superstars when they really are just like all others. All I know is that so many kids today lack respect for others and it comes at a cost.February 28, 2012 at 9:18 am | Reply StaceyWell said. You can treat the symptoms all you want, but if you don't treat the underlying problem, it won't go away and can get worse. As a mental health therapist that works largely in schools, I see the problem of our society's individualistic mindset get played out in full force. Despite the growing anti-bullying programs across the country, which is great, bullying still gets ignored time and time again in many schools, not just by fellow students who don't take it seriously because it's not happening to them, but by many teachers and school officials who have 'bigger problems" than a couple of kids who are calling someone names, afterall they are "just being kids". The teachers feel that they can't take their focus away from the tests they have to teach to, they can't take time out of the day to address bullying or provide a lesson on empathy and compassion to their students. That's not in the lesson plan. The students who come to me often tell me that their parents or their teachers just tell them to "ignore it" but of course that doesn't work. No one has been there to listen to them and by the time they get to me, which is hopefully sooner rather than later, all I can hope is that the ear I provide, the empathy I use, and the validation I give them is enough.February 28, 2012 at 9:39 am | Reply Robert MitchellRegarding being bullied, teased etc., I myself had been there done that being in school in the 70's and 80's being told to ignore it business, but didn't help one bit. In High School someone almost ran me down with a motorcycle, of which my dad dragged the boy off the bike and into the Deans Office. Putting thumb tacks on my chair in one class, stealing things out of my gym locker or moving them to another in the locker room. In my case it was me being shorter then others as if I am inferior and also was not the aggressive type.  I never was beaten up and am lucky there. In Elementary School from 4th to 7 grade I went to a privet school and was a lot stricter then public schools and had very little problems there. I agree we have problem with guns in this country. In European Countries such as Germany, owners are required to lockup their guns and children don't have as easy access to them. Nobody in our family owns guns but knew friends that owned guns.February 28, 2012 at 11:38 am | lesawithaneLeigh-yes you are so right.  We are a selfish society to the core.  The moral compass is leaving our children so fast.  Im a 30 something mother boys and girls.  I have tried so hard to instill good moral compasses in all of them-while trying to balance the reality of violence.  I do NOT pull the wool over their eyes-but keep them focused.  Its hard to balance...but you have to let them know that even though you are polite and respectuful-that not everyone is.  My kid is popular, gets good grades, and was still mugged on the street by a thug while he was headed home.  The kid who came up to him reached out to shake my sons hand and then punched him in the face, told him to empty his pockets and that if he didnt-he was going to shoot him.  It was a horrible lesson-but one that knocked him into reality.  I hated that but thankfully my kid still stands tall and knows now that he too can defend himself and be proud of who he is.  Life is much more tough for our kids now...this never would have happened when I was a kidFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:41 am | Reply PeggyLeigh,Leigh, Absolutely fantastic post, I totally agree with all you have said. We seem to have forgotten the art of human kindness and think it acceptable to trample on the weak and to take out the opponent, without consideration of human and other costs. The way we do politics is a prime example.February 28, 2012 at 12:39 pm | Reply traumathey need to teach kids a language to talk about trauma so they can explain what is happening to them.  its just flat out missing.February 28, 2012 at 8:16 pm | Reply traumathey need to understand intrusive thoughts.  what to do when they are getting pounded with intrusive thoughts.  how to get help (they tend to disregard in some cases because they don't see themselves as the problem...in the case of rapists for example.  they don't see how going to the therapist is going to help.  it does, but they aren't that far along yet.  and quite frankly neither are some therapists).  we need to build a language so they recognize what they are doing...when they start avoiding.  when they notice that they have anger.   follow that back to the original abuse/r.  when they can't resolve that...they tend to bring that forward to anything that triggers thoughts of the original abuse/r.  They need a language to even recognize in their own selves...so they can self report.February 28, 2012 at 8:21 pm | traumathey need to be able to recognize and redirect if they are avoiding (school, friends, work, places, etc) so they don't lose their educational life.  THESE YEARS DO MATTER.  its very expensive to make this time up if you have to pay for it in college (i know, i've been there).  don't lose your path right here.  it starts very subtle.  you don't even realize you are doing it.  it seems safe to you.  and its hard to convince your brain that [going back to school for example] is safe.  and your brain is pretty smart.  it will protect you.  but after years of this...you will realize you lost too much.  that's what i'm worried about.  Do everything in your power to stay on your educational paths right here.  Try to get every question answered.  That's the only way you are going to be able to file this stuff safely in the past where it belongs and not drag it forward to everything in life.  If you have questions...ask them now.  (This is going to be a lifetime pivot point.)  Trauma is a bear.  It can show up years later.  Your best defense to protect yourself is to get answers to your questions.February 28, 2012 at 8:29 pm | ToshiLeigh,i agree with your post, and then some. Our political leaders for the most part are not great role models for trying to get along with each other, divorce rates are through the roof, religions are intolerant of each other.  What are kids to think. Most parents are working and have a tough time making quality time for their kids. Many parents do not want to think or acknowledge that their child may have an emotional or mental health issue. Its a hard pill to swallow. they often get defensive when it is suggested that their child may have an emotional or mental health problem. And yet these problems don't just pop up overnight. the problems have likely been brewing for many months or years. I work with these types of kids every day as a part of my job and often these kids have poor social skills and lack of empathy. They do not problem solve well, and they are impulsive. It is really hard to change this type of thinking unless they want to change it and there is parental support, often one of the two is lacking.I do not feel that the primary problem is guns, that is just a means to an end for the troubled human. The main problem is lack of adequate mental health support in the schools. Which is often a result of diminishing budgets for public schools.February 28, 2012 at 9:53 pm | Reply IsaacThis never would have happened if America didn't infringe the victim's 2nd Amendment Rights and let every child in this school carry a loaded AK-47.  (sarcasm)February 28, 2012 at 9:19 am | Reply hahahahaHere is the Problem, Just look at it, all the kids who are doing the shooting in the SCHOOLs are those young white KIDS.So what are their parents teaching them at home, or not teaching them at home.  But o no I forgot Its in there genes, they came form Spain, Germany, France and ENGLAND, killing, Taking, Stilling and just plane doing EVEL,, So why are we all shocked today that something like this can happen again.!!!.February 28, 2012 at 9:22 am | Reply ChrisYes, it is in their genes. This is why there are more school shootings in the US than Europe. It is because Europeans do not have European genes like those white Americans do... oh wait...February 28, 2012 at 9:31 am | Reply Shane"stilling and just plane doing evel"? Seriously... did you come out of an Austin Powers movie?February 28, 2012 at 9:34 am | Reply PeggyI believe that while some groups have community and extended family support, white kids live in more individual,isolated settings requiring everyone to toughen up and fend for his/herself, which creates undue pressure.February 28, 2012 at 1:00 pm | Reply RosslawWe'd all be safer if all students 9th grade and above carried Glocks at school.  Common sense.February 28, 2012 at 9:22 am | Reply AusinCannot wait for these idiots to bring the "Violent video games" argument to this.February 28, 2012 at 9:23 am | Reply Emmy SkaddittleThat doom games is too violent and teaches kids to killFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:39 am | Reply DavidDoesn't anyone think that maybe the media is a factor? Kids see the violence everyday on tv. They get mad someone and come up with this great copy cat idea. Just look at the headlines on this website. 90% of it is negative.February 28, 2012 at 9:24 am | Reply jerryccI keep hearing it is Bush's fault.February 28, 2012 at 9:24 am | Reply rebiiiWe live in a society that glorifies violence as a way to solve problems, and there are a lot of guns available. I know from living south of the border that the countries that have the most problems with violence have armed populations. Often these are places like Guatemala which just went through civil wars where everybody ended up with a gun afterwards. Our own civil war may have played a role in arming our population.And we justify violence with war and the death penalty. The message is clear. It is acceptable to kill to solve problems, if you think you have a good reason. From there it is a short leap for kids to start making up their own reasons. I think the Bible is pretty clear on this. "Thou shalt not kill". But this is America. We kill people all over the world, and here in our own country, all the time. Are we really that surprised that these kids are doing this? It is what they have seen other people doing their whole lives.February 28, 2012 at 9:25 am | Reply Billdysfunctional familydysfunctional societydysfunctional countryit just about itFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:25 am | Reply bigfootYou have to look at the upbringing of todays kids. there is no adult supervision and a lot of parents don't care what happens to them. I could go on and on but just don't have the time.!!February 28, 2012 at 9:26 am | Reply FauxNewsWe need to get rid of the brick-and-mortar schools and use the Internet to educate kids.  It's faster, less expensive, and more efficient.February 28, 2012 at 9:28 am | Reply AmericaneedsrealistsNow there is an intelligent statement; let's raise an entire generation of anti-social mal adjusted people that mommy and daddy have told their entire life that they are perfect with no outside influences.February 28, 2012 at 11:09 am | Reply JedidiahVery very well thought out response.You should post more musings for the rest of us to enjoy.February 28, 2012 at 5:27 pm | TimWhy is the U.S. number 1 in school shootings? Does the question even need to be asked? We have a gun crazy culture  that hides behind the Second Amendment and refuses to take responsible steps to make sure some people don't have access to guns. 34 people a day die from guns in this country. It is a fallacy that more guns will provide better protection. Clearly it doesn't work. Require permits, training and track the guns that are sold. The Gun Lobby controls the politicians. They don't care how many people die, nor do they care about the Second Amendment. It's all about the money.February 28, 2012 at 9:28 am | Reply texpatroitIs this little timmy geitner?February 28, 2012 at 9:42 am | Reply bigfootGUNS DON'T KILL PEOPLE, PEOPLE KILL PEOPLE!!!!February 28, 2012 at 12:24 pm | Reply GutienbauerOne of the best comments I've read. But you have to think, what do we do with the small penis population? Big SUVs just don't do it for them. If we control gun access, we'd need to find something else to make them feel.... "big".March 4, 2012 at 1:22 am | Reply Bob A....because you folks in the media glorify them. If you would just report them as the sad losers they are, instead of showing their fantasy killer costumes and homemade videos, fewer would emulate them. Who wants to be known, post-violent outburst, as a sad loser?February 28, 2012 at 9:28 am | Reply Brit in USThe writer of the article cops out...the problem is guns in the hands of school children but he is not offering a gun control solution.  What then?February 28, 2012 at 9:29 am | Reply JimWhat solution could the writer possibly offer that wouldn't offend the powerful and monied 2nd Amendment crowd.February 28, 2012 at 9:32 am | Reply Gutienbauerthe first step towards finding a solution is... to find the problem =)March 4, 2012 at 1:23 am | Reply citizenWhy? Because we have no discipline and the schools have basically become an indoctrination center for the left.February 28, 2012 at 9:31 am | Reply NKBLIdiotic comment.  That's what's wrong with this country.February 28, 2012 at 12:04 pm | Reply JedidiahThe left?  Have ya seen who's running the schools these days?  The left, that's so funny I don't know where to start.  Been to a school board meeting lately?  If they don't start with prayer they at least have some sort of biblical rant throughout the meeting.  Rarely the realm of the left. The left.  I still can't stop laughing. Contractors and architects are who are running our schools these days.  Ha, sounds like our wars too.  The left.  Oh man, seriously!February 28, 2012 at 5:34 pm | Reply MikeMazzlaYou can spin it any way you want.   The country with the most liberal gun laws and with th ebiggest gun lobby that fights any gun restrictions is also the westernized country with the most gun violence and deaths. Pure factFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:32 am | Reply DaveMexico?February 28, 2012 at 10:37 am | Reply GaryWhy??  Because we here in the US of A have become a land where personal wants have become much more important than family.  We buy houses and cars that we can't afford; and which requires at least two incomes just to make the interest payments, let alone pay off the loan itself.  IF we get married, it is with the preconceived idea that we'll just get divorced if it doesn't work out.  We have no commitment to ourselves let alone to anyone else, including family.  Yes, we are a screwed up, inward only concerned, Godless bunch of self indulgant people.  How can we expect our children to be anything different?February 28, 2012 at 9:33 am | Reply MacmavenToo many kids having kids. No father figure in the home. A lack of parental involvement in their children's life. Take your pick. These problems exist in a variety of socioeconomic levels, not just poverty. Get involved with your kid's life no matter how old you are or what your family background is. It will work wonders.February 28, 2012 at 9:33 am | Reply AngiecallahanWe are an angry people And asmany have stated, the use of ultimate violence is daily touted as an acceptable method to redress peeceived or realthreats and as a first resort. We have been at war pretty much for decades and a warrior society can expect violence as a perferred  response on all levels. There was no mention of work place shootings but I would wager we are number one there too and I imagine we, among western countries, are also in the top of suicides. We have a death  centered culture. Even christians focus on the death rather than the life of Jesus.February 28, 2012 at 9:33 am | Reply garwin1Come on down to Family Discount Gun City!!February 28, 2012 at 9:33 am | Reply JimDead children are just the price of maintaining our rights under the 2nd Amendment, and exercising our "2nd Amendment Remedies."(Sarcasm)February 28, 2012 at 9:34 am | Reply KarayaThere is no school shootings problem! Just ask any NRA activist.February 28, 2012 at 9:34 am | Reply PhotogpatPossibly if the media ceased its glorification of these violent acts? Let's see, I'm an angry young man, I want to lash out - what gets me the most attention on CNN.com?February 28, 2012 at 9:35 am | Reply EmilyI think the answer to that question, "Why does America lead the world in school shootings?", is very obvious.  They don't want Prayers in Schools, have taken God out of everything.  When will they wake up?  This is God's world, created by him.  He is the Beginning and the End.  We cannot live without him and until he is given the Praise he deserves, through Prayers or whatever, this Country is not going to get any better.  They don't want any kind of recognition for him done, in public, whether it be at Schools or anything else.  Think back to when this all started, when the Prayers stopped!February 28, 2012 at 9:36 am | Reply PatsyFinally someone nails the problem. Thanks Emily.February 28, 2012 at 10:35 am | Reply mrklrsnRight, because back when there was prayer in school there weren't lynchings or massacres of Indian villages or witch trials or children born into slavery.  Have you read the Bible?  God commands his followers to dash babies on the rocks if their parents don't believe in him.  God is a violent and brutal force that advocates killing and taking from "others" at almost every possible advantage.  This is not to say that other gods or ideologies are not also violent, but any one who says God is a pacifying force is ignoring the narrative of the Bible and the history of western civilization.February 28, 2012 at 10:46 am | Reply The REAL Truth...Most religions have followers who firmly believe theirs is the one true religion. Many, many thousands of people have lost their lives in the name of some religious act. We saw it with the crusades. We see it today.The root cause of our challenge is the disintegration of a complacent world power. It has happened to every dominant civilization  bar none. Greeks, Romans, Genghis Khan, Britain, etc.  It's happening to America. We are imploding. Being politically correct and allowing everything from gay marriage to removing prayer from school because some idiot atheist felt THEIR kids "rights" were being infringed by being subject to prayer. BS!  Get over it.Bullying is wrong. Hand guns and DEAD kids are wrong. If we don't do an about face and reverse direction in the USA, we will be completely defunct in 20 yrs.February 28, 2012 at 11:01 am | AmericaneedsrealistsThat may be true on the urface but the new testament and Jesus Christ changed everything for believers in the Bible.February 28, 2012 at 11:31 am | mrklrsnSo Americaneedsrealfacts, are you saying that the crusades, the inquisition, the conquistadors, repressive colonization of most of the world by the Christian west, etc. were all pre Jesus Christ?  I agree that Jesus said some great things, but It doesn't seem to me like the New Testament changed anything at all.  Sure there is no longer animal blood sacrifice, but Christian followers of Abraham's God are still persistent advocates of violence when it furthers their interests.February 28, 2012 at 4:23 pm | W Reid Whitaker, Jr.Yes Emily, you have the right answer. We definitely have taken God out of the schools and this is the result.February 28, 2012 at 11:13 am | Reply jlgPlease keep your fairly tale stories out of thisFebruary 28, 2012 at 4:05 pm | Reply Bill1 in 5 Americans Suffers From Mental Illness300 million of guns in USdo your mathFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:36 am | Reply DaveSo then 1 in 5 government officials have a mental illness? I'l keep my gun thank youFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:41 am | Reply Gutienbauer..and 1 in 5 cnn.com posters...  DaveMarch 4, 2012 at 1:28 am | jerryccThe real reason is there is no disipline in the schools anymore. In the good old days when you could jerk someone up on the spot and wear them out this was unheard of.February 28, 2012 at 9:37 am | Reply LThis has happenned in the good old days as well. Don't be ridiculuous.February 28, 2012 at 11:19 am | Reply Ed1) Guns are ubiquitous in the USA.2) Our entertainment media is replete with conflict resolution via guns.Doesn't seem that hard to figure out.February 28, 2012 at 9:37 am | Reply hkLet me be frank. My gut feeling is that gun license  should be issued only on a real need basis and responsibility of the gun owner should be quiet high. This will resolve the issue to a large extent. Don't think everyone needs to own a gun.February 28, 2012 at 9:37 am | Reply bxgrrlI wouldn't be surprised if we led the world in shootings, period.  MORE GUNS WE NEED MORE GUNS!  HOW ABOUT REMINGTON SELLING "BABY'S 1st GUN"?February 28, 2012 at 9:38 am | Reply jerryccAn eleven yr. old was beat to death in a school yesterday. Was that the NRA's fault to?February 28, 2012 at 9:38 am | Reply StanTo Brit in US:  The minimum age to own a long gun is 18, for a handgun it's 21.  All purchases made through a dealer require a full background check before the gun can be taken.  The law is not the problem; the illegal acquisition and use of firearms is.  The illegal use of firearms simply can not be controlled by adding to the more than 30,000 gun laws currently on our books.  If a simple law, that did not infringe on the second amendment, could resolve this issue, it would garner the support of everyone in this country.  To date, I have never seen anything that could do that.February 28, 2012 at 9:39 am | Reply JimStan, The US limits who can own, possess, and use explosives, and that has worked pretty well.  You don't hear about criminals blowing things up because "criminal will get explosives anyway."The entire "criminals will get guns anyway" is a totally bogus argument.February 28, 2012 at 9:42 am | Reply dittrimdSo Oklahoma City never happened right?  Anthrax mailings?  Drunk Drivers who kill people every day?  Bad people can always get their hands on things to perpetrate bad acts against humans.  Guns are just an easy target for people that do not want to fix the real problems.  It is amazing to me just how many generalizations and mass stereotypes can be thrown around in one message board.  Good thing most Americans feel gun ownership is a good thing.February 28, 2012 at 2:47 pm | JonathanKids getting guns responsible for shooting at Virginia tech? The shooter was an adult.February 28, 2012 at 9:39 am | Reply JimFrank,So now you're equating the right to carry a gun with the right to drive to work?If you're a police officer, or otherwise need a firearm as part of a leglitmate job, I'll agree with you.  Beyond that, you're just being ridiculous.February 28, 2012 at 9:39 am | Reply harishI am from india and see these kind of things is really not just horrifying but unheard for me. I m sure this incident will have deep mental impact on the children who went through this trauma. First of all i am not able to digest how are guns accessible to children. People who do posses guns for whatever reason should be blamed for the death of 2 innocent children. Are such parents sleeping ? If this is the case then the kids and their belongings should be screened for arms and weapons before they enter school bus or school premises. It should be like entering airport screening everyday. I feel scared to send my children to school.February 28, 2012 at 9:40 am | Reply ChedarIn the third world country guns are hard to cone buy. Schools have fences so you can gave a metal detector for people who go in and out of school. Here campuses in high school are 10 times as big as in India and of course the buildings built on a rolling hills. So it will be a task to put a fence. Some campuses are of course like a town. First I went to the university here I have to walk pass a forest ( with chipmunk and squirrel along the way) before I can get to the engineering building.February 28, 2012 at 10:15 am | Reply kdk2012The "third world" is armed to the teeth. Check out Afghanistan, Somalia, Mexico, Liberia, Gaza, etc.There are tens of millions of AK-47's in developing nations around the world.February 28, 2012 at 4:16 pm | JoeIts americas love affair with guns, gun violence and gun fantasy...  its the cool, easy solution to problems in america.  You see these clowns posing in their shades, hoodies and pistols.  Now Discovery has a show about the extereme versions of these nutjobs and their I will shoot however isnt like me bunker mentality.No need to use wits, judgement, or god forbid compromise to solve a problem.  Whether its termites or someone you dont like...  just get rid of them (or sue them) thats the amerikkkan way!February 28, 2012 at 9:40 am | Reply MLDuhhh..cause we are number 1 in handguns.  Handguns are easily concealed and with an estimated 65,000,000 of them in US homes...readily available for whatever your pleasure.February 28, 2012 at 9:40 am | Reply bsame reason we are #1 in illegal drugs, #1 in drunk driving, #1 in % of population in jail....February 28, 2012 at 9:41 am | Reply DonThis isn't about politics,but about some kid who brought a gun to school and used it in a horrible manner. It is just the most recent among many such shootings. Without having someone yell that I don't know the facts, why is it wrong to connect the dots between young people killing each other with firearms and the ready ability of firearms in the US? As I understand it, guns are much more attainable in the US than in any other western democracy and there are many more shootings in American schools than in those of other nations.Why is it inaccurate to connect the two?If this isFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:41 am | Reply DavidBecaue parents are neglectful, abusive, or not present.February 28, 2012 at 9:41 am | Reply JeffWe're number one  because the NRA  is full of number two.February 28, 2012 at 9:42 am | Reply toxictownThis is easy! Guns don't kill people  bullets do! Ban bullets! Then you just have...er...clubs. I guess.February 28, 2012 at 5:18 pm | Reply JoekerI believe America's culture is very self righteous  and violence is the only solution to solve problems because society in a whole, including parents, ignore how someone truly feels. Bullies are cute, they show off in front of their peers when they hassle you, but one way to stop a bully in his tracks, get a few friends go to his house one night while he is having dinner with his parents and confront him alone or in front of his parents, let him know that in reality, he is reachable alone and you're not afraid to go to his house, it scares the crap out of them, they will start being nice in school, guarantee. When I was in school I had this friend who kept hitting me in the back , he and another guy would laugh about it, we were semi friends. I had enough so I hung out with a bad crowd and went to his house, he was scared and shocked that I was at his door. I asked him if he felt like hitting me in the back again, he almost cried, scared as hell, he started apologizing, i warned him to not make us come back here. His mother attended to him then and threatened to call the cops so we left. Next day at Gym, he was so nice, I could have had him do my homework if I wanted to.  It's a psychological thing how you can turn events around without solving issues with a gun.  Lets face it, American students are stupid. They did not learn from Columbine and other school shootings, it left a message despite how awful the crime was.  I like the fact in the news articles it states the Columbine killers were not bullied. Where you get that info? From bullies who played victims on prime time TV during the after math?  There is a common ground which leads to a break down and you can only be pushed so far to the limit, but there is other ways to solve things as I mentioned. You can talk to a counselor or whoever about being bullied, problem is they will talk to the bully and the problem will just escalate.  You main objective is to make it through school if bullied is become fear itself to those who bully.February 28, 2012 at 9:42 am | Reply lesawithaneJoeker-let me ask you something on your comment about confronting the bully.  Werent you afraid of backlash or being turned in for bullying?  Im ALL about confrontation but it seems like if a kid does that these days-they just make it much harder.  I agree with what you said-confront it when they least expect it and it should solve it.  That is ONLY if the parents will follow through.  I know a lot of parents who would instantly get on the defensive...February 28, 2012 at 11:02 am | Reply JoekerNot afraid, I would be honest if that was the case if I was turned in for bullying. Parents have nothing to do about how one thinks, it's society in a whole, the individuals. In my case, the idiot sucked up to me. I was never ever bullied, just he didn't realize who I was outside of school until he found out at his door step. Why make a stupid spectacle in murder at a school for 15 mins of fame on Nancy Grace when the main person who is the target just needs to be taught a lesson to change, a scare of reality works. School doesn't last forever.February 28, 2012 at 11:50 am | USA #0VP Biden while in Pakistan said about killing of  Punjab Governor Salman Taseer, Jan 13, 2011Societies that tolerate such actions end up being consumed by those actions.Which society was Biden refering to? When the US is responsible for 100s of 1000s of killings abroad, is it any wonder that the society will not be influenced by these actions? Bombs are dropped and then vidoes are shown to people and people smile and laugh because "others" are being killed. There is a cancer inside the body called "USA" and it will destroy it from the inside.February 28, 2012 at 9:43 am | Reply adami love the way the author sort of settles on guns as though access is something we can affect.  who knows, maybe in the case of children?  but hard core criminals will always find ways to get their guns.  so, if we limit access via legislation, what we'd end of having is armed hard-core criminals and unarmed regular people who just want to be able to better protect their homes.February 28, 2012 at 9:43 am | Reply FactFeedWe need to start putting these school mass shooting stories on the back page because these homicidal nutcakes are playing to the media.  Figure it out and stop feeding these homicidal trolls.Obviously, America loves its guns infinitely more than it loves its children  if it loves them at all.  So let's just get used to it  let's get accustomed to this mindless violence because the mindless sociopathic gun-loving NRA-supporting imbeciles in this country own the politicians and they own Congress.So let's get these stories on the back page  as just a typical, trivial routine incident that is typical of a routine day in the life of the pathologically  violent nation of America  a nation that LOVES IT'S GUNS and pays handsome premium box office ticket fees to watch even more violence as a leisure activity which it describes as 'entertainment.'February 28, 2012 at 9:44 am | Reply KristopherReally a stupid question.  We have the most guns.February 28, 2012 at 9:45 am | Reply foreverwarPerhaps more guns would solve the problem.February 28, 2012 at 9:45 am | Reply Milky PirateRather than blame guns why don't we take a look at the parents (or grandparents in this case).  Behind every one of these nut jobs are parents who have ignored blatant warning signs or are just as nutty as their kids.  You can try to make it a gun issue all you want, but all you are doing is shifting the blame away from the real problem.February 28, 2012 at 9:45 am | Reply The REAL Truth...Yeah, lets not worry about a 16yr old kid having easy access to a firearm ( and ammo). It's not the guns fault is it? It's always something/someone else's responsibility (other than the hand guns and easy access) with the pro-gun lobby.February 28, 2012 at 11:06 am | Reply Patrick>It's not the guns fault is it? It's always something/someone else's responsibilityYea like the 16 year old who took the gun and shot someone.idiot.February 28, 2012 at 4:08 pm | The REAL Truth...@Patrick... yeah, he was an idiot. He will now pay the price for the rest of his life.February 28, 2012 at 5:42 pm | Jonas W.Hmmm...Now does it really surprise anyone when the father of Elin Gonzlez proclaimed he wanted to take his son back to Cuba because he feared the US school system infrastructure for his son, Elin?  I don't think you hear about school shootings in Cuba.  I am not pro-communist, but I do sincerely feel the school shootings here in the USA rests with the parents.  Whatever happened to, "sticks and stones may break my bones, but names will never harm me..."  This nation is turning into one heckuva screwball country !!  We are already the laughing stock of the world !!February 28, 2012 at 9:45 am | Reply LWZRGHTBecause we operate our schools like jails.February 28, 2012 at 9:45 am | Reply TMSchool use to teach the Word of God and love and respect for others. When the state got involved they removed the moral fabric, discipline, prayer, and the 10 Commandments and replaced it with acceptance of sin. Now that God has been removed from the school system what do you expect: Chaos. The problem is not with guns, it is with kids left to themselves and live according to what they feel is right. Post modernism and the lack of Truth(Christ) is our greatest failure to our legacy. Mr. President, if you want to lead our nation, lead it to repentance.February 28, 2012 at 9:46 am | Reply Milky PirateWhen did public schools ever teach this?  Just so you know the answer is never.February 28, 2012 at 9:52 am | Reply LauraChrist or not Christ, but I agreed with you. Any religion would teach kids morals and values, and give them a compass for life. We removed religions from schools and most of the time from our lives, and gave nothing in return for souls and left our kids and many adults confused and disoriented what is good, what is bad, what are morals, what are sins. Being raised in a communist country myself where religion was prohibited, I still come to that conclusion and found my own way to the religion, and I truly believe when a child young, teach him or her right things, they still will do not always what you approve, but at least the base would be good and that will leave hope.February 28, 2012 at 11:21 am | Reply john CIt is gun  the scecond amendment allows not only help to secure US homes  but allows (illegally) to put guns in hands of ill and childrens....February 28, 2012 at 9:47 am | Reply David NettlesIt takes moms and dads to raise kid. It takes prayer in schools. Without a solid background from parents meaning a mom and a dad children fill the void from whatever. You were warned back in the 60s about the result of the liberal methods of doing things. This is the result so quit winning about it and fix it. And yes you all know how!!!February 28, 2012 at 9:47 am | Reply JJAcademics belong in the classroom while prayer belongs in churches and homes.Just a thought...February 28, 2012 at 10:00 am | Reply jlgFairly Tales do not belong in Public schools!!!February 28, 2012 at 4:57 pm | Reply R.SchultzThis list really fails to recognize the biggest reason, which is the breakdown of the family unit we've had over the past 30-40 years.  A majority of violence starts in broken homes.  The availability of guns, bullying, mental health...those things have all been the same over the past 50 years, heck my dad told me stories of when they used to bring guns to school in a rural school when he was a kid, so they could go hunting after class was done.  Teachers, parents and other students were fine with it, yet we didn't have shootings back then at all.But the number of kids growing up in broken or single family homes has risen dramatically over the past 30 years, and children do need that guidance from both parents.  We've devalued the family structure more, and children are paying the consequences of it.  Because all of the school programs, welfare money and social counselors cannot be a 2nd parent to them.February 28, 2012 at 9:48 am | Reply DaveA  social worker making just above minimum wage and handling the workload of the seven other social workers laid off 5 years ago gets fined and probation for the death of a child that hangs him self in the parents care. WHAT EVER!! A great singer DESTROYS her life spends several million dollars on drugs dies a pathetic failure and we LOWER THE FLAGS and morn her like a saint.  This kid needed help AND YOU PEOPLE BLAIME THE GUNFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:48 am | Reply JJWhy all the violence? Er, could it be the inevitable blowback from the pervasive culture of in-your-face confrontation, disrespect, argument, stress, and hyper competetive mentality? Not to mention the effect of escalating threats and counter threats involving just about everything?February 28, 2012 at 9:48 am | Reply hascIf it wasn't a gun, it would be a shovel, a pick, or an axe.February 28, 2012 at 9:49 am | Reply Milky PirateWhat people here don't seem to realize is that kids stab and club each other so much that it is not even newsworthy anymore.February 28, 2012 at 9:54 am | Reply JJRight. Because we all know a middle school kid with a shovel can drop as many classmates and teachers just as fast as a middle school kid with a 15 round Glock.February 28, 2012 at 10:05 am | Reply David HComments are polar, as I expected.  If guns were outlawed, they wouldn't have been shot  right?  Yes, but they would have been stabbed, poisoned, bombed, run over, or something else instead.  You can argue having a gun handy makes it easier for kids to act out on their impulses.  You'd be right.  Responsible gun ownership includes protecting people from themselves and immature minds that have no self control.  It's horrific this happened, but to start banging the drums for gun control is reactionary and won't solve a thing.  From ggyC (in this post) Guns are the tool, we need to find the motive.February 28, 2012 at 9:50 am | Reply concernedRemember the Va. Tech shootings a few years back?  Do you really believe 30 people would have been killed if the same guy had gone in with a steak knife or a baseball bat?February 28, 2012 at 1:14 pm | Reply us1776Because we are a narcissistic culture..February 28, 2012 at 9:50 am | Reply ThePROFESS10NALMaybe if we weren't enslaved by the 1% "Job Creators" for a low wages, forcing us to work more and more as cost of living goes up and up. Families are more like acquaintances today, see each other in passing.February 28, 2012 at 9:50 am | Reply JamesPlain and simple......guns are too readily available and the violence depicted in movies and on television shows surely does not help. The NRA's position that people kill people , and that guns do not kill people is absolute B.S. People kill because guns are easily available.February 28, 2012 at 9:51 am | Reply meginThe schools are too big loosing connection between students, teachers and parents.February 28, 2012 at 9:51 am | Reply ScmvThen why cut school budgets, causing lower staff/student ratios, consolidation of small schools into big ones, etc.?   It all comes home to roost.February 28, 2012 at 9:56 am | Reply meginIts called School Choice. More support for Charter Schools. Put education back in the hands of the parents and students. The schools need to get back to operating as a community and not a money making farm. There is something wrong with our schools. Teachers getting arrested everyday for abuses.February 28, 2012 at 10:21 am | joeluckyThe U.S. is probably #1 in school shootings because we make heroes out of people who kill others on foreign soil, and because we make anyone who opposes personal gun ownership feel un-American. Wake up, people!  Guns are dangerous, and lets face it- guns cause more problems than they solve.February 28, 2012 at 9:52 am | Reply Eagle EyeI can tell everyone where it comes from. It comes from Hollywood they set the tone for the culture in America, which are run by some of the biggest liberals in the country. These kids today see all the movies that are made and they act out what they see. They make movies about "bullies" in school, they also make movies about "bullies" in the work place. But it's most "Prevalent" with children from the ages of 10 to 18. Hollywood dwells on this age culture. There was a story yesterday that two girls got into a fight and several hours one of the girls died. When children can't take it anymore they take action into their own hands and use deadly force. The parents are to busy to listen to their children because of all the pressures of work and what is going around them. It's the culture of today's society. The reporter who wrote this article also mentiond Russia and Israel as two of largest countries that have school shooting so the United States is not No.1. I don't want to hear that children have access to "guns" children can get "guns" as easy as anyone. Or they find their parent;s "guns". I can see that the liberal press has "not" reported how the shooter in Ohio got the "gun" he used to shoot all of his classmates. This is the new culture that is in the United States and there are no solutions to combat this as long as Hollywood keeps making movies about violence in today's soceity it will never end.February 28, 2012 at 9:52 am | Reply JJRight. "Liberal" mega-corporations like Disney, Tiime-Warner, etc.February 28, 2012 at 10:03 am | Reply rarnyMost school shooting happen in the US. The only school shootings that happened in both Israel and Russia (one in Russia, two in Israel) were terrorist acts done for nationalist reasons.July 21, 2012 at 4:11 am | Reply ScmvBecause we have the most guns and the easiest access to them; also because we have poor access to mental health care ,making early intervention difficult.February 28, 2012 at 9:53 am | Reply alexandriaSI don't believe guns are to blame in any situation. The guns aren't the ones shooting and killing bystanders. All the reasons people are choosing to justify teenagers grabbing guns and killing students,teachers.etc isn't exactly correct. Yes i agree they do contribute to the reasons teenagers feel the need to hurt another person,but i dont believe adults should be searching for the reasons. it should be the kids who take action against the bullying and torment that goes on in schools all over America.  you can debate this till your blue in the face and put laws and warning signs in schools everywhere,but it comes down to the fact that kids are generally mean to each other,and it has nothing to do with entertainment. Their are always going to be bullies for whatever reason,bad home life,illness,or maybe their just mean,but the only way bullying is going to stop is if you get the kids involved and educated them on the effects of their actions to other students,no school really understands the loss of their students due to another students actions till it happens,if you want to prevent them get the students involved.-high school student.February 28, 2012 at 9:54 am | Reply MikeAs a non American (Canadian) and looking from the outside, all civilized western countries have all the same potential contributors as the USA other than the access to and love affair with guns. So in my opinion, that is the difference.February 28, 2012 at 9:55 am | Reply Milky PirateAmerica has the most school shootings for two reasons 1) we have terrible parents in the country and 2) when dangerous students are identified they get special treatment rather than expelled.February 28, 2012 at 9:56 am | Reply Matt TYour ability to ignore the kids that have been expelled and then returned to shoot up the place is amazing.February 28, 2012 at 5:50 pm | Reply ChedarInstead of those two poor kids who died in this incident,  it should have been those kids whose parents supported the NRA's that die.The NRA are the massacre of kids in this nation and all the violence that is happening in this country.February 28, 2012 at 9:57 am | Reply Milky PiratePeople like you that can't put a complete, coherent thought together; yet, have children are the problem.February 28, 2012 at 9:59 am | Reply ChedarNo guns none of this hideous crime would have happen.February 28, 2012 at 10:21 am | Illeagle-j1The NRA, main message is to teach it membership to know the weapon, and the damage it can cause.  The NRA is not responsible for the fact that violence has become the way to respond to problems.  Our permissive society is the problem.February 28, 2012 at 10:03 am | Reply joeluckyThe NRA has nothing but bloody hands on a day like today.  Sorry, but it is the truth.February 28, 2012 at 4:51 pm | Illeagle-j1This violence against students, is not a new phenomenon, the only difference is that today, we have the "NEWS CREW" to report it ad nausem.  If we really want to control the problem, we must attack it at the source.  This idea that because the perpetrator is under a certain arbitrary age, therefore we must be willing to accept the damage they cause, needs to end.  First we have to make the parents responsible for the action of their children, a parent winds up in JAIL, for the actions of their children will have a delitory affect on that child in future.  If enough parents wind up with financial and jail judgements against them.  We need to stop leaving the moral upbringing to the "SCHOOLS", many years ago, I wanted to be a teacher, due to the support of several teachers in my life.  But by the time I was in college I found out that the role of teachers had changed. When I was growing up, if I miss behaved in school, and recieved punishment at school, by the time I arriaved home I could expect my parents to be ready to add to that punishment.  Today, when a child miss behaves the parents blame the school and the teacher for their childs problem.  We must change this so that our society can grow and leave this rat city mentality behind.February 28, 2012 at 9:59 am | Reply Milky PirateExcellent point!February 28, 2012 at 10:00 am | Reply HiWho is mentally sick? Is it just the kid who decides to pick up the gun? I think the bullies are also mentally sick. If you think about it, a bully acts stupid everyday due his/her mental sickness. So far, bullies seem to be lucky, because everytime such an incident occurs the sickness is attributed only to the kid who picks up the gun.February 28, 2012 at 9:59 am | Reply AnneOkay.  So the author outlines some of the factors, but is missing the three big ones.  1.  Poor, permissive parenting.  Lack of discipline leads to lack of self-discipline.  Our kids are coddled and end up just as self-absorbed as their parents.  2.  Lack of discipline in the schools.  Teachers cannot overcome poor parenting, but they do reinforce the student's lack of discipline and lack of self-responsibility.  Teachers and admins coddle the students because they are intimidated by the parents and their own fears.  Yes, I have taught high school and I was appalled at what I saw.  Good students being turned into self-absorbed monsters.  3.  Hollywood morality and the glamor that Hollywood creates.Now clearly these three "big" factors don't create bullies or killers.  But they create a culture in which bullying is tolerated ( in spite of pretend anti-bullying programs ) and they create a culture where students lack discipline, lack self-discipline, and evade responsibility for their own actions.  Perhaps I should add a fourth "big one" which is a horrible legal system that has no concern whatsoever with truth or justice.  Our legal system is all about plea bargains and ego-centric prosecutions, publicity, and who has the most money to spend.  We throw away evidence ( truth ) and then coddle the convicted.  This kid, a killer, is messed up.  But the legal system will only make it worse.We never seem to hold anyone accountable for anything.  No wonder then that our kids grow up to be me-firsters just like their parents.  And woe be to anyone who dares to suggest that their kids may not be perfect.End of rant ( maybe ) ( for now ).February 28, 2012 at 10:00 am | Reply PCThe gun debate is such a difficult problem, it's too late to "take them away" that Pandoras box has been open too long now...but it's obvious that it'd be a lot harder to stab 5 people in such a short amount of time.  It's the guns, but what to do about it is a problem we don't have answers for...February 28, 2012 at 10:01 am | Reply Agnim"Why does America lead the world in school shootings?"Well duh!Do we really have to ask?USA is the most conflict-loving and violence-loving nation on the planet!Witness the US addiction to:1.  Weapons of wars & murder2.  Seeing every  instance of conflict anywhere in the world as a party that Americans should crash.Libya, Egypt, Yemen, Syria, etc ring a bell?3.  Promoting warmongering to young children4.  And the list of Americans addiction to violence goes on and on and on ....!February 28, 2012 at 10:01 am | Reply DarnRightYou got that right.February 29, 2012 at 12:08 am | Reply ReganRepubThe article makes no sense. What is the point? Is he comparing? Offering a solution? By stating who should be armed and preventing "boys" only from bringing a loaded gun to school you are advocating and anti-gun solution. Remember the motto "Guns don't kill people, people kill people, and if everyone person who wanted a gun in the school had access to a gun, this probably could have been avoided". Yeah right.February 28, 2012 at 10:01 am | Reply The REAL Truth...It's a pro-gun motto and completely flawed. It can be spun any way you like, but guns DO kill people. Quickly and efficiently.How we resolve conflict without guns?  Think about it.February 28, 2012 at 11:13 am | Reply TomThe author "beat around the bush" with analysis of various possibilities- However the prime difference between our schools and those elsewhere is that we have removed the authority from the teachers and administrators to use their intuition and experience and then tke action. Parents, (and their lawyers),  schools boards (catering to parents) and politicians have made it so taking early action is only questioned and not generally supported. Support the front line education professionals- even when there are some minor mistakes- and we all will get courageous detection and correction before there is a tragedy.February 28, 2012 at 10:02 am | Reply FairisFairI totally agree with you, teachers need the training and the authority to deal with these issues, I sincerely believe teachers want to prevent bullying if given the power you will see a drop in rates of bullyingFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:07 am | Reply beth simeniukI absolutely agree with Tom. Seems that students in some schools no longer have to answer for bad behavior, or they are simply overlooked due to overcrowding. I do have one question, though. When I attended high school in the late seventies in a town in rural Montana, many of the students had gun racks in their pickups in the school parking lot. A fair number of the boys wore hunting knives on their belts. We never had even fistfights in the school itself and absolutely NEVER anything, anywhere with weapons. So no, I don't believe the guns alone are the source of the problem. Something else has been added to the formula, and I believe that it may be that many kids are no longer held morally responsible for even the least actions from the time they are small.February 28, 2012 at 10:26 am | Reply DaveWhy is the U.S. number one in school shootings? Answer: because someone has to beFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:04 am | Reply FairisFairI think that we need better trained teachers who are capable of handling one of the greatest crimes known to man aka bullying, it is so easy to prevent and it does nothing to improve anyones mental state! No one knows better than a High School or Middle School student how badly teachers handle Bullying cases and scenarios!February 28, 2012 at 10:04 am | Reply Retired_Teacheragree .. but also, remove barriers & give teachers ability to handle bullying.  Currently, teachers are crucified if they make a fuss over a kid's bullying.  Parents threaten suit for slander, defamation, want proof, etc. I brought the issue to the central admin of my system and got laughed at, told to shut up.February 28, 2012 at 10:13 am | Reply FrankWe hear how far America is behind in education.  Our teachers are barely able to teach Johnny to read or write, now they have to be bouncers as well?February 28, 2012 at 10:15 am | Reply strangwayshey  maybe easy access to guns is a reason?  ANY effort to curb gun ownership is met by insane resistance by the Gun lobby/NRA who continue to shrug off incidents like this. "Oops, not our problem..."  At least re-institute the assault weapons ban  unless you believe that's just for "hunting".  yeah, right.February 28, 2012 at 10:08 am | Reply LeilaThe problem does not lie with guns.  A couple of comments on this blog from school professionals hit on the issue accurately.  The problem is that no one is listening to kids.  It is true that in public schools we are teaching CONTENT, encouraging rote memorization, and teaching to a standardized test so that the public will feel assured that teachers are doing their jobs.  However, teachers are faced with very troubled kids.  We see it DAILY.  They are depressed, they are hungry, they are apathetic and care about nothing, they are angry and frustrated.  How do we cope with it in a classroom of 30-35 students?  Usually, we DON'T.  If a student tunes himself out, teachers will try to motivate him/her to learn.  But perhaps the underlying reasons for unwillingness to be engaged in school is something beyond our capacities to deal with.February 28, 2012 at 10:09 am | Reply Retired_TeacherWhy so many shootings?  Too many guns. Too much glorification of violence in vid games, sports, movies, TV.  Too little parenting.  Too much obsession with macho, anti-gay crap.  And again, TOO LITTLE PARENTING!February 28, 2012 at 10:10 am | Reply DaveI think that 37 million Black people in the U.S. has something to do with that statisticFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:10 am | Reply quotecensorship and bulling are similar irritants though this page is censoring comments that are answers rather than irritantsFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:16 am | Reply WildernessyesBecause of our gun laws or the lack of them. Guns are everywhere and are a menace in our country.  Nothing but pain and loss for everyone.  So sad that America does not see that or does not care. I think it tells you a lot about our people, our society.February 28, 2012 at 10:10 am | Reply dwtBecause we have more schools than do those countries with lots of guns, and we have more guns than do those countries with lots of schools.February 28, 2012 at 10:11 am | Reply Chris RomeroAllow the class to go unprotected (no open or concealed carry) on campus and you encourage the class to be just another flock of sheep ready for any wolflike gunman who wants to clear the field.Allow the class to be protected and the people who use guns as a tool of destruction will be put off by  those who would defend the class.February 28, 2012 at 10:12 am | Reply The REAL Truth...yee-haw Chris!!  Fire 'em up dontcha!  That is flawed logic. Heck, lets do a "Baby Gerber's first gun". Pink for girls, blue for boys so that by the time they are in 1st grade they are paid for and can all be packing on the playground. Oh yeah, that's the spirit. But MORE guns in the hands of CHILDREN!   So sad that people even propose this type of solution.February 28, 2012 at 11:20 am | Reply Earnan MTypical brain-dead gun-banners' "solution."Banning guns on campus hasn't stopped a single mass murderer."No guns allowed" signs didn't stop this last shooting any more than they stopped the murders at Virginia Tech or Colombine HS or anywhere else.  Bans merely made sure that no teachers or staff or adult students-like the tens of thousands of veterans who have served in combat and are now using their GI Bill benefits-are able to legally carry a weapon and STOP the next murdering Cho or Klebold or Harris.Calling you a fool would be a disservice to fools everywhere.February 29, 2012 at 9:15 am | real old guyThis is the price we pay for Real Americans' lame little gun fetish where people who have little if any control over their lives get to daydream about being powerful.February 28, 2012 at 10:12 am | Reply musingsProblem leads to solution, in this analysis. The solution du jour seems to be to track "lone wolves" and to use social media. But anyone with half a brain can see that with a wide net like this, far more innocent people will be targeted. Sure, it would be hard to advertise your alienation this way in a totalitarian society. In that kind of place only the leaders get to act out.America is country which was born in far more violence than we are willing to acknowledge. It continues as such. The shootings which occur here are part and parcel of how we see ourselves. We try to solve complex problems with force and violence. It's how we roll. Until we all do the necessary soul-searching, the shameful mess will continue. But don't bet on that happening any time soon.February 28, 2012 at 10:14 am | Reply rogerrActually, Cho killed 32 students at Virginia Tech...CNN accuracy for you there.February 28, 2012 at 10:14 am | Reply CathyActually Cho killed 32 PEOPLE  a combination of students and faculty.February 28, 2012 at 12:35 pm | Reply matthow many days till baseball?February 28, 2012 at 10:14 am | Reply FrankI don't kow Matt, but if it's anything more than 3 weeks, I'm going for my gun !!!!February 28, 2012 at 10:18 am | Reply mattha! maybe that will scare my Cubbies into actually winning..... oh wait... thats impossible, its just severely impossible. thanks Cubs. just ruined my day...February 28, 2012 at 10:20 am | ShufflerAnother case of poor parenting where others pay the price.February 28, 2012 at 10:15 am | Reply PeteWe have two big problems in this country, guns and forks.  If we ban them both, there would be no more gun violence and no more overweight people.  Problem solved.February 28, 2012 at 10:15 am | Reply KeithTexasKids are driven to drastic measures because they are forced into a system that does not respect the Children.  Arbitrary rules and regulations that are not logical or defensible create a system of incarceration that we expect our children to learn in.  When Teachers and Administrators respect the Children and their parents things will change until then nothing will change.  Kids can't pass standardized test because they aren't being taught and that is the beginning of the problems.February 28, 2012 at 10:16 am | Reply DonThis is really a tragedy but a problem that they DO NOT have in the Mexican schools.  They may have a few other problems in certain parts of Mexico BUT the children are safe going to school and they all treasure the freedom to attend school.  Maybe our school systems need to anaylze the education systems of the two countries and make adjustments.  It's not just the Mexican schools either as other countries don't seem to have the problems that the United States schools have.  Just a thought.February 28, 2012 at 10:17 am | Reply FrankDon, are you saying that we need to scrap the American school system and become more like Mexico?You have taken your first step towards non-credibility.February 28, 2012 at 10:22 am | Reply TomThe american public school system is a joke, and its structure is what leads to these shootings. There aren't any JOB shootings by youth these days so clearly it has to do with schools. Possibly (likely) these mexican schools don't have problems with shootings because the kids are happy to be in school both because they might learn something tangible (unlike american schools) and it is not compulsory. If kids HAVE to be somewhere then they will reject it. Gun control is easy to blame for these problems, but thats like blaming all of Islam for the 9-11 attacks. Start with the source, illness depression and anxiety and we will curb the problem. Happy Kids don't shoot people.February 28, 2012 at 3:16 pm | DanielIf I wanted to kill someone, I hardly think the secondary charge of unlawful possession of a firearm would be a bigger deterrent than the electric chair. Guns aren't the problem. Broken homes, lack of parenting, and not spending time educating our children is the problem.February 28, 2012 at 10:18 am | Reply lianai agree , we are not raising our children right anymore. we blame everybody, soften our children by protecting them from consequences, not discipling them, spoling them,exposing them to horrible things in the media. raise them without fathers. we dont see how the home is what determines who are children will become.February 28, 2012 at 7:08 pm | Reply KenCWhen I was born, there were 3 billion people on Earth, now there are 7 billion. It is expected to hit 20 billion mid-century, and 50 billion by the end of this century. Now do the math...violence in 2012 is going to seem like a 1930's Disney movie compared to what's coming, and nobody sees the warning signs!!February 28, 2012 at 10:18 am | Reply MattBlaming violence on the existance of guns is avoiding the true issue, and using this example to call for gun control laws (read: de facto gun prohibition) is stating that the exceptions are the rule. School shootings are exceedingly rare, and often stem from the breakdown of the modern family unit and a healthcare system that doesn't properly address mental health issues. There has been no mention of how he obtained the gun, and it certainly was not through legal means as he isn't over 21 years of age. This young man was mentally ill (and the school was already aware of this fact as he was in an alternative school), and obtained a gun through illegal means to commit premeditated murder. While this is a tragedy, it should not be used as ammunition to take legally owned guns from citizens hands. Many more lives are saved yearly by defensive gun uses than are lost due to school shootings, and to limit the ability to protect oneself due to a minority of criminals is a mistake that would negatively impact thousands of people. Attack the real problem of poor parenting and lack of mental health coverage, not the guns.February 28, 2012 at 10:19 am | Reply BatukaThere are so many school shootings in this country for a few reasons.  First...there is no discipline for kids anymore.  Second there is no personal responsibility...its not the kids fault..its not the parents fault..its a show on tv or a song..or someone looked at them the wrong way.  And finally its the media...if coverage of these shootings was not plastered on the tv 24/7 and then if people stopped making movies about it a lot of it would die down.  Kids see it on tv..see it in movies and it becomes glamorized...Hey..we can be famous if we do this.February 28, 2012 at 10:20 am | Reply carlyWhy are shootings more prevalent in the US schools? two reasons: easy access to guns and bullying.February 28, 2012 at 10:21 am | Reply JesseIt's pretty tacky to use this tragedy of these students and their families as fodder to advance a anti second amendment  agenda, sadly it's expected .As a responsible gun-owner I realize there is nothing I can do to 100% guarantee my weapons will not be used in a crime . But there are multiple  reasons I wish to keep mine .Just like there are multiple reasons school shootings occur. If you wish to address only the access to firearm side of the equation like gun safes or high capacity magazines be ready to rein in your own rabid anti gunners who will use this as a path to end all gun ownershipFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:22 am | Reply ConcernedIt is common knowledge that the U.S. has far more gun deaths than any other country in the world and also that we have greater availability of guns than any country.  When will American stop the terrorism of the NRA and similar state organizations that worship guns?  Hand guns are used only to HUNT and KILL people.  Lets band together on this issue and defeat the NRA.February 28, 2012 at 10:23 am | Reply hahahahaNo Shane I didn't come form and Austin Power Movie, But i am sure you did with your simple way of thinking, let us just put the shoe on the other foot, your foot for example, let someone do something evel to you since you are so quick to judge other, let some still form you, or shot you in the ass, or cut your mouth off so you can't talk or voice your thoughts, What would you do about that?  Like you are in an Austin Power Movie?  You probly would like that because you are stupid, ugly, and last but not least EVEL, cuz it in your  genes....February 28, 2012 at 10:24 am | Reply Bart BrownGuns don't kill people, people with guns kill people. Here's a clue; number of guns per 100 people, the top 25:United States - 88.8Serbia - 58.2Yemen - 54.8Switzerland - 45.7Cyprus - 36.4Saudi Arabia - 35Iraq - 34.2Finland - 32.0Uruguay - 31.8Sweden - 31.6Norway - 31.3France - 31.2Canada - 30.8Austria - 30.4Iceland - 30.3Germany - 30.3New Zealand - 22.6Greece - 22.5Northern Ireland - 21.9Angola - 17.3Thailand - 15.6Australia - 15.0Mexico - 15.0South Africa - 12.7Turkey - 12.5Italy - 11.9Pakistan - 11.6Spain - 10.4Argentina - 10.2Russia - 8.9Iran - 7.3England and  Wales - 6.2Scotland - 5.5China - 4.9India - 4.2Tunisia - 0.1February 28, 2012 at 10:25 am | Reply KileWhat is the murder rate in Switzerland?February 28, 2012 at 10:28 am | Reply Bart BrownRead the listFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:59 am | Fox me? Fox you!Bart, you imbecile, the list is not the murder rate.  Let me guess; you're a gun owner?February 28, 2012 at 11:19 am | JawboneSo I'm guessing you'd rather people kill eachother like they do in Iran?  Because they bury women up to their necks in the dirt there and beat them to death with rocks.  Now go sit in the corner.February 28, 2012 at 10:34 am | Reply SarahYour comment is completely irrational.February 28, 2012 at 10:37 am | SarahWe certainly don't hear about a problem with school shootings in Tunisia!February 28, 2012 at 10:37 am | Reply TomWe , the US as a people, mostly ignore the rest of the world. I could drop several links of schools in Africa and South America that have been entirely wiped out in the last 5 years. They make what happened yesterday look like a day at chuck-e-cheese. (And I feel for the people yesterday)February 28, 2012 at 10:51 am | keith a deweyThanks for the information.  I love statistics.February 28, 2012 at 11:08 am | Reply aTexanDidn't a Norwegian recently gun down 75 or so fellow Norwegians?  Sweden has similarly not been immune to these types of events.February 28, 2012 at 12:33 pm | Reply proncoPeople with guns may kill people, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't enact laws that make it harder for the wrong people to get them in the first place. People with cars kill people too.February 28, 2012 at 1:23 pm | Reply CWinslowYes and in China haven't we heard of mad men attacking school children with knives?February 28, 2012 at 2:56 pm | Reply Bart Brown is SlowDoes Bart Brown understand that this list is out of context.  88.8 americans out of 100 have guns?  Huh?  That is not true.  Probably one of those americans have 50 guns in his collection bringing the number up.  Dart Brown is not very smart to not realize that this list is completely out of context.  How can you say that 9 or 10 americans have guns?  How is that possible?  Is Bart Brown dumb?February 28, 2012 at 5:27 pm | Reply ImakarumThis will also be the ranking for how effectively countries will deal with the inevitable zombie apocalypse.  With almost one gun per person in the U.S., we win!  YES!  Those fifth amendments smartasses saw this coming.February 28, 2012 at 11:28 pm | Reply MJPlaying evil video games where there is shooting and killing right and left, makes a deep impression on a young mind.  Ban all evil video games.February 28, 2012 at 10:25 am | Reply daveGUNS.February 28, 2012 at 10:25 am | Reply bmd0321Spare the rod, spoil the child!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Bullies were arouund when I was a kid, but I didn't go out and get a gun. People are too quick to jump to the media as the problem. Video games, arent the problem.  Parents are too damn afraid to punish their kids now adays, and punishment is what is needed.  When I was in middle school, If I acted up in school and picked on someone, sure enough my parents were going to hear about it, and you try kneeling on the kitchen floor with grout cutting up your knees while eating dinner, and see if that doesn't sway you decision to bully some kid.February 28, 2012 at 10:26 am | Reply KileAbsentee parents, a school system that is more concerned with self esteem than education and people who are more and more isolated than ever before.  Most of us hardly know our neighbors.  If someone who didn't belong in the house down the street was walking in and out, I wouldn't have a clue.  We've become more disengaged and it's starting to take its toll.February 28, 2012 at 10:28 am | Reply StephenThis may sound strange from a 30 yr. old.   The problem is that every single kid in America is told by everyone that they are Special. Everyone grows up wanting to be rich and famous just for the sake of it even if they have nothing to offer the world.  People watch shows about HOUSEWIVES, whose only achievement in life is marrying a rich man.  Kids play sports and even the loosing team gets trophies to celebrate their mediocrity.  How is anyone supposed to give their best in life when everyone is rewarded?  It is important for younger generation to understand that things aren't going to be given to them in the future without hard work.  You won't get that raise or promotion just for 'showing up', unless one of their parents is high up in the company.America has become a nation which celebrates Mediocrity.  Some shy kids get bullied by the morons who have grown up with parents that are more concerned about being their friends than their parents.  The enormous Egos of the parent is passed down to the children.  They grow up thinking they are untouchable.  They disrespect their elders, even their teachers.  The teachers can't do anything because the parents get mad if they discipline their children. 'How dare a teacher making $35k a year try and tell my son or daughter what to do.'  Finally the kids who haven't grown up getting their behinds kissed come into school and start eliminating the root of their misery, these kids with inflated egos  that have  tormented them all through their short lives. They live life everyday 'untouchable'.  These tormented kids see that and in their minds find no recourse accept death.People need to start facing the facts in this country.  Most people will never be rich or famous. Not everyone has the genetics or tools to succeed at such high levels.  Unfortunately America has become a country where the blue collar worker is looked down upon.  Everyone wants the 'glamorous' life.Guns are not the problem. A minor should never be able to obtain access to any of their families weapons without supervision.  This again is all a result of horrible parenting and disregard for children welfare.  Timeout does not work.  Fathers need to bring out their belts again.February 28, 2012 at 10:28 am | Reply TomSome good points  except the "belt" part. Father's presence and time is VERY important, unfortunately our society (morally) and government (economically) do not encourage the regular family structure.You are right "Child worship" with everyone winning; 1+1= 4 (if you say so- lest we offend); putting their uniform #'s on cars etc. We parents organize and set the lax standards. The children of today have not had to organize a sandlot baseball game- and solve the inevitable differences that arrise THEMSELVES. We think we are doing them a favor when as little tykes we manage everything for them. Then when they get bigger, add hormones, ego etc. they get out of control. Big surprise, we didn't teach them in small things when they were young- we see the results.February 28, 2012 at 10:58 am | Reply lesawithanewhile I strongly agree with both of you-there is one side that isnt talked about.  In this day and age, both parents have to work, and if not educated sometimes HAVE to work double shifts and kids are home alone.  Not because the parents DONT care-but are trying so hard to keep a roof over their head.  At the end of their second shift-they dont have time to sit down and talk to their kids like they would love to or even get them to extra curricular activities.  Im a 30 something educated parent who luckily is able to provide these things-but in Philly-I look around me and know that some parents just cant do it....because they arent able to provide that extra $100 bucks for an activity their child would like to do.  It makes me sad thinking of those kids .... I wish there was a way more parents were able to spend time at home with their kids...February 28, 2012 at 11:27 am | lianaexactly! people have become so damn afraid of disciplining their children anymore, and then they cry and complain that their children are screw ups.February 28, 2012 at 7:18 pm | Reply DaveI don't think the author should be mentioning Russia in this article at all.  It is simply an inapposite comparison, and does not have to be made merely to make the american reader feel somewhat better.  The one instance Russia had was because of terrorism and had nothing to do with kids shooting other kids which happens at U.S. schools and colleges on a fairly regular basis.February 28, 2012 at 10:29 am | Reply MartinaExactly. How many school shootings were in RUssia that were perpetrated by the students themselves? ZERO. Why? Because you just can't buy a gun there. Of course, criminals everywhere will find the ways. But don't equate criminals with immature kids. Criminals don't usually engage in random shootings because they are afraid to get caught. Of course, there are so many stupid people in the US that this distinction may get blurred. Regardless, there would be a lot less random killings, if people could not easily buy weapons.February 28, 2012 at 7:21 pm | Reply Ron in ChicagoHave you watch the kids TV shows these days?  Camon people, don't u get it?  It encourages making fun of other kids and every program has vulgarity.  And regular TV is expodetially worse.  Since when is the F word ok on TV?  What do think would happen?  Such smart people in Hollywood.I for one am not religious, actually an athest, but it is is clear that it is Liberal culture, which is a decay and would be the ultimate destruction of our country defined as The Enemy Within.February 28, 2012 at 10:29 am | Reply scrissIf you can't get along  then get it on!February 28, 2012 at 10:30 am | Reply nosnobunnyMaybe because you haven't outlawed handguns.  It's not rocket science.February 28, 2012 at 10:31 am | Reply JimboSo what do you suggest?  That we round up all the handguns that are already out there?  Ha, that will go over well.February 28, 2012 at 10:33 am | Reply JimboWhy was the "The media" paragraph left out in this article?  Hmmm, I wonder.  I'm sure CNN believes that all this media attention really helps the problem.  I'm sure the pshyco teens never thought they would get all over the front pages of the news after this happened.February 28, 2012 at 10:31 am | Reply saldunnStart chraging parents for not securing their guns better.  These kids get these guns mostly from their parents homes. However, it not unusal for them to go to the nearest corner and buy one. You can not even attempt to bring  up any gun legislations becaseu the right wing will go "crazy"February 28, 2012 at 10:31 am | Reply trex.......Another NRA victory today.  Let's increase gun availabilty to kintergarden next.  We sure cant interfere with our 2ND AMENDMENT RIGHTS.   WAY TO GO gop,  keep thoses hand guns coming.February 28, 2012 at 10:31 am | Reply ClearAndPresentThinkingAs long as the possessor of a handgun in public is not treated as a terrorist, the killing will continue.February 28, 2012 at 12:34 pm | Reply SteveHave you watched our TV, seen our movies, played our video games?  The solution they offer to almost any problem involves some sort of violence, usually with a gun.  Add to that the ease at which anyone can get a deadly weapon and you get this result.February 28, 2012 at 10:32 am | Reply JawboneBecause we teach children that "Everyone's a Winner"  from the time they are born.  Then when they find out that isn't the case and that they've been lied to.  Some of them snap because they can't handle it.  Think about it.  When did this kind of mass murder in schools start.  Late 90s.  Right about the time this kind of PC BS was in full swing.February 28, 2012 at 10:32 am | Reply EricThe U.S. has the highest school murder rate out of developed countries and also some of the most relaxed gun laws.  Wow, what a big coincidence.February 28, 2012 at 10:32 am | Reply Rongod, guts and guns...February 28, 2012 at 10:32 am | Reply bradGuns don't kill people, people WITH guns kill people.. and all the laws in the world will NOT make things change, except unarm the people that can legally have guns, so that those who have guns illegally can easily steal/rob/kill them. Extra laws/exessive laws do NOT Help the lawlessness of those that dont care about the lawsFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:34 am | Reply BlanchjoeAll I can say is that Thank God he, or someone in his family, were allowed the God Given American Right to buy and own a firearm with out the Obama-Government stepping in and the Obama-nanny telling them how to live. As soon as we get a good solid NRA supporting Fundamentalist Christain Republica in office, then we can arm All the school kids and everyone will be safe once and for all.February 28, 2012 at 10:34 am | Reply GuesterI assume you're trying to be ironic.February 28, 2012 at 10:36 am | Reply Vivian SampleYou think inner city schools are safe, you should come to Memphis. We have elementary kids bring gun to schools here all the time. Just a few weeks ago a high school student was shot after a game and killed. You just don't ever hear about it in the  national news , but believe me it is far from safe in the city.February 28, 2012 at 10:35 am | Reply T%TSimple really, it is the huge amount of non-whites in America.February 28, 2012 at 10:35 am | Reply coastlinecascotIll tell you two problems one parents not being involved in their kids life. Second not able to fight back in school. There are so many harsh punishments for kids trying to fight back against bullys. It used to take  a beat down to a bully to shut them up. Now the bully gets away being a jerk and the one being bullied gets suspended.February 28, 2012 at 10:35 am | Reply keethFor all the heart, and love, and unity we say we have as a country, we don't. Our greed and fear keeps us apart. And then this happens in quiet little town where people say something like this isn't supposed to happen. Well, it does. And how many more need to die before we live up to who we say we are?February 28, 2012 at 10:36 am | Reply MarcV"But the reason we have an American school shooting problem that exceeds other nations has to do with access to loaded weapons by kids who should not have that access."  And until we get serious with gun owners who do not have their firearms secured, the problem will continue.  Reports say this boy stole the gun from his uncle. Was the gun loaded?  Locked up? If it was just lying around loaded then this uncle needs to take responsibility.February 28, 2012 at 10:36 am | Reply LusitanoWhy? Because of degenerative American upbringing; one can feel it from some of the comments made on this thread.February 28, 2012 at 10:37 am | Reply DSGrowing up, if one had a problem with another it was handled after school, in the park and it was done.  If you were dumb enough to shoot your mouth off again after getting your butt whipped, you got it again.  Today, kids can't do anything.  The mere mention of a fight  between kids these days  brings in the local swat team, anger management counselors and instant suspensions.    They have no outlet and have been brought up to think as a gun as a power symbol.As kid we were taught to respect firearms in my family.  The family gun cabinet was in my bedroom.  I knew better than to play with guns....my dad  would have whooped my butt if I took a gun out that cabinet if weren't for the purpose of hunting or target shooting.  This incident is a result of poor parenting and a society that thinks that everything in this world  should be painted with butterflies and unicorns.February 28, 2012 at 10:37 am | Reply coastlinecascotbingo!February 28, 2012 at 10:39 am | Reply Jack Be HumbleWe haven't seen a report yet from the press on how the kid got the gun.  The handgun should have been in a gun safe, with a security lock on it... not under a pillow somewhere, or in a drawer.February 28, 2012 at 10:37 am | Reply MitchWe're becoming #1 in all the worst ways and I'm uncertain if we have the will or vision to turn that trend around. We should be investing in education, providing for the health of all citizens, building up our infrastructure, etc, etc but most of our "representatives" simply play us against one another to stay in power.February 28, 2012 at 10:37 am | Reply Highschool StudentI am in highschool right now as a senior and most of the comments i have just read talk about prevention and makeing sure everyone is caring about each other and all that hand holding crap. My school does all that stuff now and what most people dont see is our point of view. When we go through those anti-bullying lessons most take them as jokes and we just day dream till they are over,the lessons have no real effect and most people also say we need to control gun laws....bullcrap i firmly belive the right to bear arms but it is the neglagance of parents who dont keep their weapons properly secure and away from their children. Also recently in my area there have been a big amount of teen suicide, so everyone jumps on the band wagon of stopping teen suicide well we all know that within a month no one will care anymore until it happens again just like these school shootings. So in the end im just saying there is no real way to stop school shootings completely if someone wants to do it they will. People just need to be ready if they do happen and take action like tackle the crap out of the gunman instead of staying put waiting for them to walk around. It sounds cold but we just need to mourn those who have been lost and move on.February 28, 2012 at 10:37 am | Reply Russian FederationLMAO  you americans so funny.  Here in Russia, if we have children that would take guns to school, they will be sent off to Siberia along with their parents for severe hard-labor conditions, very little food, and torture.  You americans need to change your laws.  In Russia there is no such thing as school shootings because of "bullying."February 28, 2012 at 10:38 am | Reply meginI see the anti gun people are out in force as usually so predictable. Never wanting to look at the real issue always blaming objects. Do you people want to ban cars too? Sigh, did you ever stop to think that its the absence of the guns that is doing this. OF course not cause you feel and react instead of using your head.  Its the only thing children do NOT get an education on.February 28, 2012 at 10:39 am | Reply GuesterYou can ignore the facts all you like but that doesn't make them go away. In similar countries the more guns you have in the public's hands the more gun deaths you have. Simple.February 28, 2012 at 10:54 am | Reply Earnan MAnd yet the murder rate in the US has DROPPED 52% since the majority of US states passed "shall issue" concealed weapon laws that allow almost any adult citizen with a clean record to carry a loaded concealed gun almost anyplace they go.Gun murders down.Gun crimes down.Gun accidents down.Looks like your theory is full of fail.February 29, 2012 at 8:50 am | GuesterAmong technologically advanced countriesFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:59 am | Reply momoyour all gayFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:39 am | Reply jakeIt's more of a deeply ingrained culture where the gun is worshiped in America.  The nonsense of the 2nd amendment is just that nonsense, as it relates to a very different time in our nation's history.  Anyone who think's we need guns in the event we need to revolt against our own government is just ludicrious.  The power people have will not come from the end of a gun, but from our ability to effect change with our vote, our knowledge, our abilities, and our desire to see such changes that benefit all of the people.  Guns won't do that.  Some will argue that "guns don't kill people, people kill people" is an argument that can be applied to everything in life.  It is an argument that simply fails and fails miserably.  If it had any merit, than all drugs for example should be legalized since "it's people that use drugs, drugs don't use people".  Sad, but that is the state of America where guns and religion share an unholy alliance.  Guns for legitimate hunting is one thing, handguns serve only to be used on other people.  Simple as that.February 28, 2012 at 10:39 am | Reply JimboSounds like Jake wants to start another civil war buy having our government go door to door and taking away peoples guns.  That will have a pleasant ending.February 28, 2012 at 10:43 am | Reply GuesterIndeed. People have the idea of guns and 'freedom' tied up in so much mythology that it's impossible to even have a real discussion about them.February 28, 2012 at 10:43 am | Reply meginbahahhaha tell that to Syria. What ever dude. Clinton: Arming Syrian rebels could help al QaedaFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:44 am | Reply Concerned'Simple as that'?  Couldn't be farther from the truth.  Responsibility and respect.  Period.  From the youngest to the oldest, proper responsibility for our actions, words, and thoughts as well as respect for ourselves and those around us will go much farther in preventing this type of tragedy than whining about it and pointing fingers.As for my handguns, you may come get them if you think you can, it will not be effective.  They are secured with fingerprint-identification security, trigger and mechanism locks where possible.  I will prevent you from taking them, period.Be responsible, be respectful.  Don't ignore instances where someone is being mis-treated, look up from your phone and get involved with the world around you.  Quit blaming everyone else.February 28, 2012 at 11:06 am | Reply jakeYes, simple as that.  Your security is only as good as the technology is today.  Tomorrow, that could change.  We see the most elaborate and advance security systems get compromised.  And yes, you are among the few that goes that extra mile to secure your handguns.  Unfortunately, that doesn't apply in the majority of cases.  Most handguns kept in homes are easily accessible to others as we see too often time and time again.  The reality is that Americans more than any other group are hopelessly in love with guns.  But as a former law enforcement officer, I have seen that love affair quickly change when it strikes home, a child losing their life playing with a gun, a relative "borrowing" it for "protection" or for a host of other reasons, some well intentioned, others not.  Having seen the damage it can do to a human body or to a family never enters the mind of people when they are in love with guns.  Regret and hate follows then.  Trust me, it's not a pretty sight or one that you can forget.  Having retired 10 years ago, I have yet to carry a firearm since then even though I can.  Never used it then when working, nor need it now.  And no...the government isn't coming to you door to take your guns, nor is the government going to abolish the rights and freedom of the people.  Maybe 200 years ago, but not in this day and age.  A rather childish argument for those that believe that.February 28, 2012 at 12:40 pm | Earnan MJake wants our guns.Jake needs to be aware of the answer Americans will give him: "Molon Lave!""Come and try to take 'em!"You'll get our bullets first.February 29, 2012 at 8:52 am | Reply dreamer96Why does America lead the world in school shooting..well how about some psycho babble.. maybe too much babble..Because own kids have easy access to weapons.weapons make anybody powerful,.but even without guns they would could still use knifes.(when I was growing up I remember a kid got knifed at one of our high school, and many fist fights in schools),.or other weapons..we are a society that glamorizes weapons...and fighting..And because our schools are one of the few places where kids from many different backgrounds all come together in close contact on a day to day basis...the rich the poor...the popular the unpopular...the smart and the rest...many different cultural backgrounds, our schools have to deal with the many prejudices, that the students and staff.. carry with them, have  learned from their parents, and the society all around them... and like all animals we have a natural pecking order, which try as we might to control, still have, and kids and staff, are not always kind, we are humans, we have faults, ...and kids go through a lot of changes in body, mind, and emotions, and different friends, from kinder garden to 12th grade or even in College...because people learn in different ways, and our schools are based on competing, grading, promoting success, and punishing failure..Some kids have a plan for after they graduate, talk about it a lot, some do not, and are a little afraid and worried...we don't always recognize each student gifts, and strengths, but point out they weaknesses, we don't always offer enough help, or offer too much, try to control to much...And our kids are using social media so much...which is a double sided technology like all technology is..it can help and hurt, it can make us stronger, or tear us down...And kids have reached the age where they no longer believe in Santa Clause and see the world for what it is, see their parents for what they are, or at least think they do... and wonder where they are going to go next..All through school things are planned for them...and after graduation they maybe on their own...and they see that coming too..February 28, 2012 at 10:42 am | Reply Earnan MSo where were all the school shootings, back before 1968 and the Gun Control Act?Back in those days, anyone could buy a gun for under $20.  Just tear the ad out of the back of Popular Mechanics and drop it in the mail with a money order, and a couple of weeks later it'd be delivered to your door by the mailman.No ID required.  No questions asked.The US government would even sell you a semi-automatic rifle and all the ammo you wanted, for pennies a round.Guns were sold at Sears, at JC Penney's, at K-Mart.  Guns and ammunition were for sale in gas stations and hardware stores.  You could buy a military semi-automatic rifle at Wollworths.Yet no one was taking a gun to school and shooting as many of their classmates as they could.February 29, 2012 at 8:58 am | Reply Mike in PekinWhy is this more of a Problem in the US?  More than anything, it boils down to parenting, or the lack thereof.  From the parents of bullies not teaching their children how to properly treat and respect others, to the parents of the perpetrators who are completely oblivious to their childs issues, this is an issue of parenting.  In every case where this has happend, the perpetrator was found to be an outcast, the child who did not fit in, and was picked on for it.  The victims are most often those classmates who that child saw as their tormentors.  As the facts of this story unfold, I am confident that this will yet again be the case.I empathize with the parents of all of these children, victims and perpetrators alike.  But they all could have taken steps to prevent things from reaching this point.  If you teach your children the following things, these situations can be avoided.1. Don't be a bully.  Treat every other person the same way that you would want to be treated.2. If you see bullying occurring, stand up against it.  All it takes for evil to succeed is for good men to do nothing (I don't remember who said this, but it is eternally true.)3. Know how to react if you are bullied.  Learn strategies for evading these situations, but in every instance, report it to a person of authority.  You are not a victim until you surrender your personal power to resist and protest.4. If you are a person in authority, look out for this kind of behavior.  Bullies know their behavior is not acceptable, and will avoid doing it in front of authority figures.  If you do see it, and you do not act on it, it will only embolden the bully, and further alienate the victim. (see item 2 above).5. If you are a parent, pay attention when the school calls with concerns.  Teachers and Administrators do not have the time to call parents randomly over small things.  Normally, by the time they make the decision to call home, the situation has become significant.February 28, 2012 at 10:42 am | Reply DanFolks it is time to address the real problem. It is a problem that has been creeping in our school system for years. It is the new age parent. These parents have no idea how to raise kids. Discipline is a thing of past. These new age parents control how our kids are taught. Even in high performing charter schools such as DSST. These new age parents wield the power to force teachers to be a childs friend rather than to push and educate them. This has a trickle down affect with schools and how they view security. Schools don't take security seriously. Because parents all say my little Johnny would never hurt anyone. Well folks two things.1) Your child may or may NOT be an angel2) Teachers are not there to be your child's friend. They are there to teach and push them to have a chance in life. Not everyone is a winner. When you lose you need to get back up and work harder.. Where has this lesson gone?It is time to take some decision power away from the new age parent. These new age parents are idiots and can't be trusted to make decisions that are beneficial for all of society. These shootings make me so mad because they are preventable. All it takes is one principle to stand up and look these new age parents in the eye and lay the law down on them. We need to start holding these new age parents accountable. period. I am talking jail time, prison. If you are too busy to know what your kid is doing and when. If you let your kid be the parent and decide everything for them self. If you cant discipline your child. Then you don't deserve to be a parent and you need to be taken out of the equation. period.February 28, 2012 at 10:42 am | Reply bmd0321Spare the rod, spoil the child. You hit it right on the head!!!!February 28, 2012 at 10:55 am | Reply The REAL Truth...Dan, excellent comment. The problem is that the school's hands are tied. You cannot discipline in public schools and the staff AND students know that. The Principal can do nothing when some kid has a parent who's an attorney that will take them [and the district] to court  based on some infringement on their rights. Isn't that how we lost prayer in school ?I know of one kid in our school district whose Attorney "Mom" literally waits for ANY incident at school involving their child  no matter how frivolous  that can be used as the basis for such a lawsuit. They make $$ of it AND a name for themselves in the process. It sucks, but there's nothing that can be done.February 28, 2012 at 1:32 pm | Reply DianeAsk the NRA.February 28, 2012 at 10:43 am | Reply calvinWhen you Take God out of the equation of anything these are the problems that occur.  PRAYER is the key, and no prayer in schools/anywhere causes many problems.February 28, 2012 at 10:44 am | Reply NryzHow is prayer going to help? There were school shootings long before prayer was removed from school. And in terms of violence... Muslim terrorists likely pray several times a day.February 28, 2012 at 3:48 pm | Reply keith a deweyWhat a well written article.  Frank really worked at being objective and factual.  He is a real accademic intellectual.  As neutral as he was some glaring facts brought to light two real differences between the US and other countries.  Poor health system and easy access to guns are the big differences.  So as a liberal I beseech the conservatives to please stop killing Americans.  Why do you hate us so?February 28, 2012 at 10:44 am | Reply PGNDr. Ochberg's factors all play into this event and many others in our society but he skirts around the issue possibly to offend no one.. We have come to the point where no one is responsible for his or her actions. All difficult situations can be blamed on someone or something else. Adults, parents and children have to be held responsible and accountable, no excuses. If we ever get back to responsibility and accountable being a core port of our day to day lives, I don't think we will see events like this happening.February 28, 2012 at 10:47 am | Reply Tom(It is common knowledge that the U.S. has far more gun deaths than any other country in the world)Interesting.... Syria has, in the last couple months, outdone the US for the entire year. I could add several other countries which far exceed the US. OR, i could add several African countries that have machete deaths which exceed the gun deaths in the US.February 28, 2012 at 10:47 am | Reply Earnan MUS rates of violent crime involving guns are FAR below those of many countries with much stricter gun laws.Mexico for one.  "Oh, but that's because of smuggled American guns!"?  Then let's look at Venezuela.  Brazil.  Guatemala.  El Salvador.Russia has a murder rate well above that of the US.  Are US guns being smuggled into Russia?South Africa seems to lack a border with the US, yet has a murder rate far above that of the US.February 29, 2012 at 9:03 am | Reply AsturianoOf all the western countries, only America has a gun culture that sees nothing wrong in settling grievances, real or perceived, with a gun.  We are also the only country where guns are everywhere and there are no limits to the type or capacity.February 28, 2012 at 10:48 am | Reply Earnan MAnd yet our murder rate is well below that of Western nations such as Mexico, Venezuela and Brazil.  The US rate is, in fact, lower than that of most countries in the Americas, in spite of most having much more restrictive gun laws.The US murder rates-both with and without guns-are below those of a number of European countries as well.February 29, 2012 at 9:09 am | Reply KerryGood breakdown of the problem. I agree, the gun issue is paramount to finding a solution. Lock the guns up, find a way to keep them away from children and young adults. Especially if they are showing signs of instability. Use common sense.February 28, 2012 at 10:48 am | Reply HiKids here can be faced with some complicated situations from pretty early on. Here's a example. A 6 year old kid (1st year of elementary), comes home from school and enjoys drawing pictures of "best friends" and names them every now and then. Suddenly one day, the kid excludes several of these "best friends." Ask the kid why, and the answer that came back was...."they told me that I can only be their friend, not their best friend, because my skin color is *****".February 28, 2012 at 10:49 am | Reply TammieI've got two words for you....GUN CONTROL. Duh!!!! I am so lucky to live in CanadaFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:50 am | Reply tanyaI disagree with this article.  Is there more access today to guns than there was say, 30 years ago?  No.  I say the rise in violence corresponds with the prevalent use of violent video games.  My son asked me the other day Can I get "Battlefield" like some of his friends have.  I said "show me what it is"so he looked up some kind of trailer on the computer and showed me.  In this game, the player is a shooter in the army and is shooting people including injured people hiding behind cars trying to avoid getting shot.  I said to him "No way.  War's not a game.  You're not getting it."  He didn't accept the nohe kept badgering me about it.  But I stood firm.  He doesn't have the game and he won't get it.  What message do these types of games teach our kids?  That it is entertaining to shoot a wounded person who is hiding.  Very sad.  Pretty  pathetic in this rich technologically advanced society that that is the best we can offer for entertainment.  Pathetic.  Parents need to put their foot down and tell their kids no, they can't play these types of games.  Way too parents have become total pushovers and feel like little Johnny will be scarred for life if he doesn't get the latest video game all his friends have.  Oh please.  Be your kid's parent and not his best buddy and we wouldn't have all these problems.  It starts with the parents not giving their kids' guidance.February 28, 2012 at 10:50 am | Reply Dan.ThomasTanya, you think you are doing good as a parent by restricting your son from playing that game but guess what? ALL the other kids his age have that game. If you educated your child properly he would know the difference between video games and reality. Now hes just going to play that game at a friends house and rebel against you. good job... See it's behind the times thinkers like you that cause kids to be rebelious. You sound like a horrible mother for a young boy. Next your going to not allow him to play army outside with his friends using plastic guns. Do us all a favor and stop living in the past. Kids are smarter these days and your parenting technique is going to cause a backlash in the future.February 28, 2012 at 10:57 am | Reply tanyaDan,  thanks for your input, but I am confident about my decision not to let my son play "Battlefield".  I am well aware he will play it at his friends' houses and I have told him he can do that.  But I have put my foot down about him or me buying the game for him or him playing it in this house.  I would rather have him rebel against me later (there is nothing wrong with rebelling against your parents to some degree) than encourage him to develop insensitivity towards other people's suffering, war, or shooting others.  If he needs therapy for that  later on, I'll pay for it.  Something tells me that's not going to happen thoughI don't think lots of psychologists offices are filled with people lamenting that their parents encouraged them not to be insensitive to war and suffering.February 28, 2012 at 11:13 am | Dan.ThomasBecause most parents fail and dont know how to properly raise their children.February 28, 2012 at 10:52 am | Reply recWE GLORIFY THE ALL MIGHTY GUN! THE NRA, GUN SHOWS LAS THAT ALLOW SAME DAY PERCHASE WITHOUT BACKGROUND CHECK, VIDEO GAMES, SAD BUT TRUE..............................February 28, 2012 at 10:53 am | Reply dj wazu NYCWhy does America lead the world in school shootings? Who's doing the shootings?February 28, 2012 at 10:53 am | Reply RumsfieldMaybe because elsewhere, like Homs, kids are too busy getting shot at to even make it to school.February 28, 2012 at 10:56 am | Reply MikeToo many kids are growing up in a unhealthy environment and like animals are sadly considered 'disposable'!  Guns are still easily available.  You have a society in which too many people don't respect one another.February 28, 2012 at 10:54 am | Reply AngelaUSA has the highest crimes in the world even more than in Mexico.   Reason is guns are easy and almost free in this country.February 28, 2012 at 10:54 am | Reply RumsfieldMove to Juarez and preach about how good you are for not owning a gun.February 28, 2012 at 10:55 am | Reply Bart BrownYes, we have a LOT to teach Mexico about gun deaths.Total firearm-related death rate per 100,000 people by Country:12. Mexico - 12.0713. United States - 10.27February 28, 2012 at 11:03 am | RumsfieldMaybe part of the reason these poor little rich white kids in the USA are more likely to shoot up their schools is because they don't have bigger issues to worry about  like, say, kids in Somalia, China, Russia, Mexico, etc....  No wars going on around them, no armies of children soldiers, no forced child labor, and so on.February 28, 2012 at 10:54 am | Reply Scared4MyChildHow am I ever supposed to feel safe putting my child in any school system? He is only one, but with all of this happening, I am seriously thinking of turning towards home-schooling but that is completely impossible because the way the economy is, my boyfriend and I both have to work to keep our home and maintain the lifestyle we do for our son and my boyfriend's daughter. We need to stop fighting about the cause of how it happened (to protect our guns, and children that are bullies, or children that feel the need of violence and death as an answer to have their voices be heard). Maybe it's how were raising our children? Maybe it's parent's guns? Maybe it's our school systems? I don't know what it is, but it's about time we figure out the cause so we can fix this problem. I'm a very open mindedm person, but how are these kids getting the guns? Why are no kids standing up to bullies in their schools? Why hasn't our schoo systems worked to find an answer sooner or a solution, I realize it isn't them who is supposed to be looking for an answer, but someone needs to protect my child when it is his turn to go to school! There is no punishment that will fix this! The kids are crying out for help! SOMEONE LISTEN!February 28, 2012 at 10:54 am | Reply SbulYou know while schools have problems with violence the most likely place for a child to experience and witness violence is still the home.February 28, 2012 at 10:57 am | Reply Scared4MyChildI agree, I don't want to blame anyone in my post, but there are many factors that apply to these situations. I just hope someone finds an answer so this won't happen again.February 28, 2012 at 11:13 am | NosurpriseAnother win for the NRA, good job America, keep putting those guns out there!  I wonder if your founding fathers ever envisioned that your second amendment would make it so easy for a child to obtain a gun and murder.  This child killed children with a gun, what would of happened if he did not have such access to a gun?  What would of been the outcome if all he had access to was a bat or a knife?  With estimates between 200 and 350 million guns in America there is little doubt that these shootings will ever stop and if anything will increase because of the celebrity status these killers get.  You talk about bullying, teachers not having the ability to discipline, warning signs on social media,  all of this means noting when a child who lacks the maturity or cognitive ability to deal with life problems rationally has access to a gun.  Good work USA, keep it up and you will keep the #1 in the world for school shootings for decades to come.February 28, 2012 at 10:56 am | Reply SbulSimple answer: the fabric of society is shredding. Kids have violent role models, the media plays up violence every chance it can get; parents have to work two jobs thus not being home for family meals, easy access to guns, violent video games and politicians who paint targets on the backs of their opposition.  When the fabric of society unravels all hell breaks lose in these conditions.  We need more positive role models everywhere (politics; movies; media and especially in the home) regulations that make if difficult for kids to get easy access to guns and more parental involvement in kids lives.February 28, 2012 at 10:56 am | Reply Scared4MyChildIt's getting worse by the generations it seems.February 28, 2012 at 11:17 am | Reply proncoThat is basically correct. Google Gabor Mate to read more about the destruction of American childhood.February 28, 2012 at 1:20 pm | Reply milan milenkovicIt was question on Fox News, on 12.10.11. :  Should student with gun permit be aloud to carry gun on Campus????? In Virginia , Law said: if you are over 18. years old and you have gun permit, you should be aloud to carry  gun  everywhere??? 1.Students  go on school / Collage to study. There is NO one reason for them to carry  gun on school / Campus ( Campus already have security).  If  young  people  want  to carry gun, they should go to military or Law Enforcement. 2. As I know , is NOT that difficult to get Gun Permit in Virginia : take a class, go with instructor on ranch to shoot a gun, and apply for gun permit. 3.We are talking about better education in this country. When I send my son in school / or to study on Collage in Virginia, I expected him to focus ONLY  on studdingI do NOT  want  to worry  should  he stay alive or NOT ??!Federal Gov. and Attorney General should bring Law: NO guns on Campus or school  in ALL States.February 28, 2012 at 10:56 am | Reply SteveREALLY AMERICA??? REALLY??? You need to ask why you lead the world in school shootings?February 28, 2012 at 10:57 am | Reply keith a deweyI have been confused about somethig all my life.  Why someone who talks to an imagined object insist that if I also talk to his imagined object that it will make my life better?  Even more confusing is this person really believes if everyone talked to his imagined friend the world would be better.  At 6 years I had an imagined friend, a six foot rabit named Harry.  I got over it along with my blanket.February 28, 2012 at 10:58 am | Reply JesseIf you wish to make this debate purely about gun access I would like to ask a question .How come It is always boys that commit these horrors girls have just as much access to guns to me this suggest there is much more to it then access to guns. And while the parents and students involved need more than just prayers they have mine. And by the way I'm a gun-owner and a liberal who would like to ask Mr. Brown where he got his information because who knows how many guns are in Mexico or Pakistan.February 28, 2012 at 10:58 am | Reply NosurpriseAnd where do Mexico and Pakistan get their guns???  The good ole USA!  Look at the export numbers, guns = big money, big money = rich politicians who are lobbied by gun advocates.  The cycle will never stop as long as long as America continues with a dysfunctional political system that revolves around who can pay me the most money for my vote.February 28, 2012 at 11:12 am | Reply OregonTomWhy does the US have school shootings?  The reason is because parents are terrible at there job.   When I was a kid we had access to many firearms.  They were never played with and nobody was ever killed or injured.  Just don't shoot people.  It really is that easy.February 28, 2012 at 10:59 am | Reply Bill PowellThe truth is we are a large country with a diverse set of cultures and within those cultures are a subset of cultures.  High School outside of the classroom is nothing short of Tribal Warfare. It has been since the first jock beat up the first geek.  The difference between the 50's and 60's and now is what used to be settled in the parking lot with fists is now settled in the classrooms with guns. The weak can win with fists, they can win with guns.The media also plays a role in all of this.  Think about a rebel faction who gets notified that there is a way to level the playing field with the oppressive government.  A gun levels the playing field.   If every day you came into work scared that somebody was going to punch you or pick on you and you didn't have the option to quit wouldn't you eventually break?  Now what if you were especially different or socially awkward and it was an entire tribe of people who picked on you and made you feel worthless for being an individual. What if 5 days a week this happened multiple times through the day. The gun is a means to an end of suffering, Much of this country is desensitized to violence through 24hour news, violent entertainment and glorification of war.  A gun is the last refuge of the weak to fight back against the strong.  there are two choices here..  EIther you have a wholesale change and collapse in culture like the Romans of old.  OR you give as much protection to school children as you do prison inmates because you are forcing them into a prison of sorts anyway..February 28, 2012 at 11:00 am | Reply JLEPAmerican works longer/harder hours than most other countries...we're so busy that we don't have the time to really connect w/our kids anymore, sad because this is what happens when you live in a society that lives to work. We need to spend some time w/the kids,find out what's going on in their lives and really talk. That also goes for those parents who notice that their kids are cruel to others or hear rude/horrible things coming out of their mouths all the time and do nothing about it. I hate to say it, but kids are cruel to each other and many (NOT all) have no respect or regard for what they say to their peers, and this is what happens. People can gripe about gun control all you want...the real question is WHERE did this kid learn that the best way to handle this was to shoot someone? A kid can make ANYTHING lying around the house a deadly weapon, so if they really want to kill they will do it, gun control isn't the problem.  Should we ban steak knives because some kids can get hold of them and stab people? Anyone can get a gun if they really wanted to, whether obtained legally or not. My question is WHERE did he get the idea that shooting and killing a person was the only solution? You have to understand, teens are full of hormones, brain development is not totally complete so their thought processes aren't always rational like most adults. Maybe if the grandparents/friends/family had paid attention, talked to him, offered advice, gotten him help for depression, counseling, locked up their guns and  talked to the school about any bullying instances, he would've felt like someone cared about his problems..but no one saw anything wrong so this was his solution. Very sad.....February 28, 2012 at 11:01 am | Reply AnonymousThe article was pretty pointless and failed to point out why America stands out as the capital of school shootings. The comparisons to other countries does not seem to be well researched. What bothers me most are the counterexamples offered to the reverence for violence in the US. Terrorism does not automatically mean that the people living near it or in it will revere and accept violence. Besides violence in African child armies, the Balkans, Ireland, and North African terrorist camps do not seem to be related specifically to school shootings so I don't quite understand why those were brought up as examples.February 28, 2012 at 11:01 am | Reply MelThese punks should be fighting with their fist. Onlythe chickens use guns to fight. Please stop this bully talk oh boo-whooo they are picking on me.  No excuse.........February 28, 2012 at 11:02 am | Reply MikeChildren are expelled for fist fighting these days. Doesn't leave many options for the oppressed kids.....February 28, 2012 at 11:06 am | Reply The truthThis guy knows whats up.February 28, 2012 at 11:14 am | techguyIt happens because we have no deterrents...February 28, 2012 at 11:03 am | Reply nolesfanWhy does the author not address parent responsibility?February 28, 2012 at 11:04 am | Reply MikeGun control is not the answer, neither is increased security at schools. The answer is fairly obvious, hold parents accountable for the actions of their children. As long as parents are able to avoid responsibility for how they raise their children, they will never give them the attention or discipline required. As long as the crime is committed by a minor, the parent or guardian should face the same penalty as the minor committing the crime. Then you will see adults pay attention to the kids because they must.February 28, 2012 at 11:05 am | Reply headcheesesimple!  The US is the angriest and most frustrated country on earth.  Greed has spoiled this country!February 28, 2012 at 11:05 am | Reply MichaelIt's because our kids are undisciplined and ignored. Plain and simple.February 28, 2012 at 11:05 am | Reply tanyaHey people!  Don't think to hard about it!  It's not rocket science!  What did kids do for entertainment in, say, the 1950's?  Games like hopscotch, jacks, marbles, hide and seek.  Okwhat about say, 30 years ago?  Kids still played jump rope, hop scotch, hide and seek maybe played some pac man.  Alright, what about nowadays?  Kids play Halo, Battlefield, etc. etc. where, at least in Battlefield, one of the goals is to shoot a person hiding behind a car trying to escape being shot.  Yeah, I know it's not a real feel-good thing to realize many of us parents have failed out kids by not being parentsI know that wouldn't make a good facebook status update"Hey guess what I failed my kid by not being a parent!" but let's just cut the crap.  Parents nowadays are the most selfish, self-absorbed people who no longer "parent" but merely try to be their kid's best friend.  Try giving your kids some guidance parents.  In the olden days, that's what parents did.  Remember?!February 28, 2012 at 11:05 am | Reply nolesfanwell saidFebruary 28, 2012 at 11:18 am | Reply keith a deweyI grew up in the 50's.  We played army, cowboys cops and PIs  all day long.  We drew/painted in school scenes of battles or gun fights.  We pointed play guns at our friends and yelled "you're dead ... I just killed you"  I know that some of my play mates would have used real guns at some point it they could have gotten them.February 28, 2012 at 11:23 am | Reply tanyaKeithpainting and playing cowboys and Indians is a world away from the video games these kids play nowadays.  Try watching one sometime and see if your Mom and Dad would have let you play it back in the 1950's.February 28, 2012 at 11:29 am | Todd E.Remember when the U.S. was #1 in anything you could be proud of?February 28, 2012 at 11:06 am | Reply MeBecause we have the right to have guns, no matter how much trouble they cause. Surprised we don't have the right to have high explosives, it just a tool, it's not the explosives that kills but the owner as the stupid arguments goFebruary 28, 2012 at 11:08 am | Reply BKThank you, article, for making a note that it has gotten better, NOT WORSE, over the years. At least that will cut down on doomsayers screaming the end is nigh in the comments.February 28, 2012 at 11:09 am | Reply BobAs usual we focus on the spectacular and ignore the mundane.  School shooting is about as common as getting hit by lightning, yet we act like it is epidemic.  Instead of focusing on the exceptional, why dont we spend our time taking care off common issues like kids who refuse to wear seat belts, or kids who drive drunk, or kids who abuse drugs? We ignore a VASTLY larger cause of death and focus like a laser on the far more rare (but interesting) events.  Maybe because we have discovered that there are no easy cures for the common issues, we hope to move onto the rare and have some impact there.  Save a few and let the thousands die.February 28, 2012 at 11:11 am | Reply DAVEIMO, the article neglects one important factor.  The perpetrators of mass shootings become instant celebrities with enduring fame.  It would seem they crave the infamy.  It makes them somebody important.  I wonder if the notoriety were taken away, would it lessen the frequency of these tragedies.  It sure worked at sporting events not to televise the nuts that run out onto the field.  Within a single season, it almost became a non-issue.Also, the anti-gunners miss a point.  Why has school shootings become all too common?  We've always had guns, but we haven't always had school shootings by deranged students.  Heck, I'm old.  I can remember bringing my shotgun to school for show and tell.  It was kept safe, but teachers admired it and asked me how it handled in the field.  So, what's changed since then?  IMO, this is the important question no one wants to consider.  To do so would make us question ourselves and our culture of selfishness.  Our own immediate gratification is all important.  Even when it means sacrificing the rights and well-being of others.  Taken to the extreme, even other peoples lives are inconsequential.February 28, 2012 at 11:13 am | Reply jimmerPeople drown in swimming pools every year. We don't need swimming pools. Ban all swimming pools.February 28, 2012 at 11:13 am | Reply geETOwhen was the last time a kid took a swimming pool to school and killed people ???February 28, 2012 at 11:25 am | Reply ScullyUFOBecause the Founding Fathers were Gods and absolutely nothing has changed since 1776.February 28, 2012 at 11:14 am | Reply tipsI have a son with intermittent explosive disorder.  When he explodes he becomes very irrational and at time talks about how he's going to kill any number of people that have been mean to him.  If I had guns around the house, I don't doubt he would have used one to kill himself or someone else.  We've found that marijuana is the most effective medication for helping his explosions happen less often and with less intensity.  So, we keep lots of marijuana around the house for him and no guns.  I think it is difficult for a teen to get a hold of a gun unless it is laying around their house.  I think some parental education would go a long way.  Maybe the gun companies need to put some money into advertising that educates parents; kind of like alcohol companies do for not drinking and driving.February 28, 2012 at 11:17 am | Reply Fox me? Fox you!USA! USA! We're number 1!  How proud all of us should be!  GUNS!  GUNS! WE NEED MORE GUNS! And BIGGER guns!  More guns please, so we may protect ourselves from the guns out there!  Forget the fact that U.S. guns spur gun violence in Canada and Mexico. MORE GUNS!GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!February 28, 2012 at 11:17 am | Reply Rick GrimesAll you bleeding heart liberals are going to be happy that we have enough guns when the zombie apocalypse starts...February 28, 2012 at 11:18 am | Reply Hear YeWhy is the USA (not the other parts of north and south AMERICA) #1 in school shootings?EASY answer: Because the USA believes that GUNS solve ALL arguments and disputes.February 28, 2012 at 11:18 am | Reply Carroll RickardAs Willie Horton might say ..."because that's where the guns are."February 28, 2012 at 11:18 am | Reply DeeNYCWe have more schools.  We have more students.  We have more guns.  We have more everything than everyone else.February 28, 2012 at 11:19 am | Reply Tiger2You obviously have never heard of China or India?  They have more pets than we have students.February 28, 2012 at 11:28 am | Reply oneSTARmanNOBODY was shooting each other at School when I was Growing Up. Back then the Policeman wore BLUE and your Mom told you to Ask HIM for HELP  NOW the POLICE are dressed  all in BLACK, like Darth Vader's Storm Troopers and Carry Machine guns and Arrive at your Door in a TANK carrying a Battering Ram and Tear Gas and Your HOUSE is BURNED to the GROUND.  Your Mother WARNS you to stay OUT of Their SIGHT so they Don't Shoot You. Broadcast TV viewers are FORBIDDEN the Sight of Humans 'Loving' each others Bodies; but NIGHTLY see women  DISEMBOWELED on a SLAB with Intense Fascination. When we wanted REVENGE for 19 Saudis and Pakistanis with Box Cutters Hijacking an Airplane on 911  Bombing the DIRT in Afghanistan while the CIA Flew Bin Laden to a Hotel was not Good Enough  We had to DESTROY an Old Foe and KILL a MILLION Iraqis before our BLOODLUST was QUENCHED.February 28, 2012 at 11:20 am | Reply murcielagoI want US to be numero uno in EVERYTHING including school shootingFebruary 28, 2012 at 11:21 am | Reply geETOQUESTION: Why is the US number 1 in school shootings ??     ANSWER:  NRAFebruary 28, 2012 at 11:23 am | Reply KCPlease check your sources a little better. There were 32 killed at Virginia Tech and the shooter obtained his own gun from a reputable dealer. He was not a child but a sick adult.February 28, 2012 at 11:24 am | Reply JennyThank you for noting this.  As a reputable news source, this information should be correct. There were 32 victims from the shooting at Virginia Tech, not including the gunman, who shot himself.February 28, 2012 at 12:19 pm | Reply james rustonFace it.  The gun nuts have won.  There are so many guns out there that any kind of control is impossible.  So we can took forward to having  more gun murders, suicides, and accidents than any other developed nation.  In fact, more than all the others combined.February 28, 2012 at 11:24 am | Reply Howard HinmanThe answer is pretty obvious  because we are number one in guns...February 28, 2012 at 11:25 am | Reply Tiger2American leads in school shootings for the same reason America leads in nearly all other forms of violent crimes..We're a bunch of overfed, lazy, reckless idiots who lack personal accountability and responsbility.  Lawyers and health care professionals tell us constantly that nothing is our fault and religious leaders tell us that God will forgive us our sins.  We're over-medicated, under-educated and impulsive.  Need more...February 28, 2012 at 11:25 am | Reply BobbyWe are fast approaching a point where the only way to feel secure is to have to carry a gun.  Is this what the founding fathers believed?  Were Jefferson, Adams, Washington, and Madison packing at all times?February 28, 2012 at 11:25 am | Reply Hear YeUSA! Look at your media  where else on this planet would such stupidity as the TV 'program' SONS OF GUNS be rolled out as some bizarre form of national 'PRIDE'.The featured gunshop owner is as whacked as they come. This is supposed to be a form of 'normal'. UNBELIEVABLE!!!February 28, 2012 at 11:26 am | Reply DawnI think the article was good in stating all the symptoms that lead to a shooting, but it doesn't address the illness. Our children, our teens, have extended childhoods well beyond the high school years and spend too much time with other kids when they are in high school as opposed to being with adults and learning adult responsibilities. IT IS TIME FOR US TO CHANGE the high school format. The educational for today's kids are ancient and no longer work for this time and place. Teenagers don't need to spend time with other teenagers. They need to spend time with other adults and learn how and prepare for adulthood. High school does not prepare kids for adulthood as it stands. This is why we have school shootings. High school is like a form of prison where you are forced how to learn how to survive in an environment where you are trapped with a bunch of people your age, but not necessarily at your intelligence level... emotionally and otherwise.February 28, 2012 at 11:27 am | Reply NancyDawn says, "Our children, our teens, have extended childhoods well beyond the high school years and spend too much time with other kids when they are in high school as opposed to being with adults and learning adult responsibilities." You're on to something there, Dawn. Kids are isolating in their own subculture.February 28, 2012 at 11:44 am | Reply BLAH BLAH THE WHEEL'S OFF YOUR TRAILERToo bad Rick Santurum wasn't speaking at the cafetaria and telling the kids why persuing a college education was worthless!February 28, 2012 at 11:28 am | Reply MIKEThere are two reasons 1 most countries don't have near the number of schools that we have and 2 they don't report deaths at schools in other countries-do we count bombers who walk in blow everybody up?  I will let my kids take their chances here in America versus any other country in the world.February 28, 2012 at 11:28 am | Reply TonyMikeStop focusing only in the Middle East. The world consist of other countries you do know that right..February 28, 2012 at 11:38 am | Reply The QueenBecause they took prayer out of schools!!! That's why we're #1 in school shootings!!February 28, 2012 at 11:29 am | Reply JeramieHSchool fights used to be settled by fists. Robbers used to tie up victims. Suiciders used to go into the woods and shoot themselves alone. Now our respect for human life is so low people just kill anyone because they feel like it.February 28, 2012 at 11:29 am | Reply coderbecause this government is run by pansiesbecause religious leaders liebecause schools only teach to obtain federal fundingbecause greed is the standard for american valuesbecause people only care about themselvesbecause as long as we act as individuals, we fail as a raceFebruary 28, 2012 at 11:30 am | Reply PraveenCan Newsweek come up with annual school shooting ratings as well ? The ranking doesnt matter. How does it matter if you cant even survive school. Junk the academic ratings and just come up with sick ratings, shooting ratings and rating as to how fast you can run from the school when shooting starts. Thats more important than the junk academic rating.February 28, 2012 at 11:30 am | Reply oneSTARmanMEXICO is Becoming a Failed State like Somalia. Its DRUG GANGS have more and better Weapons than the ARMY. Where do the WEAPONS and MONEY come from? The Same Place MOST of the World's LAND MINES and BOMBS and MISSILES and DEATH come from  The Good Old People of the U.S.A.February 28, 2012 at 11:31 am | Reply clark1b1.  we don't teach morals2.  we hold up athletes and celebrities as role models because of their money and skills even when they behave badly, are crude, immoral, etc.3.  we have very poor national leaders in politics, colleges, industry, labor unions ...February 28, 2012 at 11:32 am | Reply Miss P.Lack of religion and prayer in schools. Look at the countries that allow religion in schools. Do you hear of this happening in those schools?February 28, 2012 at 11:32 am | Reply RichI disagree, Miss P. Most gun owners are Republicans, identify as Christian and include Christianity/prayer in their family lives, yet the actions of them or their children often defy the expected course. The only way to reduce gun crime is to reduce gun accessibility  something most die hard Christians would oppose.February 28, 2012 at 11:36 am | Reply YourteacherWhile most legal gun owners are probably Republican indeed, I would wager that most gun crimes are committed by registered Democrats or people who favor the Democrat party. I spent many years working in a large jail and at least 75%(I'm being generous with that number) of the inmates would identify themselves as Democrats.February 28, 2012 at 12:24 pm | Marta PaglianniWhat countries allow religion in schools? As far as I know ONLY the USA yet most crimes by guns and by students and by every one else occurs.February 29, 2012 at 12:37 am | Reply ZaccariaMarta, with a name such as yours, you should know that Italians teach religion in school! And in most classrooms it's not uncommon to see a crucifix hanging on the wall behind the teacher's deskMarch 4, 2012 at 11:08 am | RichWhy is the US #1 in school shootings? Because a lot of parents and grandparents have guns that are accessible to their children, intended or not. By comparison, gun crime is virtually non-existent in less free countries such as China, North Korea, and almost every Muslim country in the world. Don't believe me? Look at Wikipedia's list of "List of countries by firearm-related death rate"February 28, 2012 at 11:33 am | Reply YourteacherYeah but what about "stone" related deaths? Or, the police took him and we've never seen him again deaths?February 28, 2012 at 11:39 am | Reply RichThe article is about school shootings and their root cause. Your reply is not.February 28, 2012 at 11:46 am | Blue DogOK, but that doesn't make us right either. We can always improve. Otherwise let's take the society to the medieval period where "might was right". Oh, wait a sec, GOP does want s to get there.February 28, 2012 at 11:47 am | TonyThe question why is America 1# in school shootings?The answer is very simple, Because parents have decided to stay of parenting their children.We as Americans beleive that is the goverment to teach our children and dont take our responsibility as parents.Just looked at all the crime that have hit America most are from broken families or parents that dont spend time with their children. Our values have gone down the drain, our way to love have also die and the respect for other have disappear.February 28, 2012 at 11:35 am | Reply Americas youththis issue has nothing to do with guns. THE ISSUE IS THE KIDS. growing up in a rich chicago suburb ive been surrounded by the evilest cretins in the world. i hated them so much i prolly should have shot them alll. but i chose the latter. cuz i know there is a society out there. and i am a part of it. We need to make it clear to the kids that each human is equally as important. make them work together... and i dont mean some stupid in class activity. i mean like put them in danger with their fellow comrades.... we will see how many of them will continue bullying when they are relying on each other to survive.February 28, 2012 at 11:35 am | Reply YourteacherWow!February 28, 2012 at 11:38 am | Reply JeramieH>  i hated them so much i prolly should have shot them alllWhat generates so much hate?February 28, 2012 at 11:38 am | Reply Gillian BagwellYou're a cretin.  You "prolly" should have looked up "the latter" before you said you did it, because there is no first or latter in your sentence.  If you don't have a gun, you can't shoot someone.  Failure to make that simple leap of logic is what's wrong with you and all who think like you.February 28, 2012 at 11:50 am | Reply Gillian BagwellOh, and also learn to punctuate, capitalize, and spell correctly before you put your opinions out there.  Unless your purpose is to demonstrate exactly how ignorant you are.February 28, 2012 at 11:51 am | BjWhy are our schools #1 in shootings? Because they want to be #1 at *something*. This is *our* thing! Woot!We're #1! We're #1!February 28, 2012 at 11:36 am | Reply Davina OgwuI guess we have to ask the "White people " that one huh !!!February 28, 2012 at 11:36 am | Reply YourteacherThe law already prohibits everything that happened here, yet, it still happened.So much for thinking more laws = more safe.February 28, 2012 at 11:36 am | Reply Americas youthLOL SOMEONE ACTUALLY SAID BECAUSE WE DONT PRAY ENOUGH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH THATS HALARIOUSFebruary 28, 2012 at 11:37 am | Reply MajesticSame ole sh!t, different day.  Get used to it, folks.  These kids are simply using their "2nd Amendment Rights" to solve their problems.February 28, 2012 at 11:37 am | Reply RichWho can blame them when adults encourage doing the same? The only difference is that these kids actually stand by their convictions, as morally bankrupt as those convictions are.February 28, 2012 at 11:48 am | Reply E.N.without serious gun control like in other countries US will remain #1 in school shootings. it's only a question of time until the next incident...February 28, 2012 at 11:39 am | Reply Blue Dog"But guns do not kill ppl, other ppl do" NRA. The right wing just laps on this statement as gospel.When we will have a general will in the country and politicians standing up to the gun toting individuals and adopt stricter legislation on gun access?February 28, 2012 at 11:40 am | Reply CynicWhen you pry the gun from my dead fingers.  And do you really think that those who want to commit gun violence will let their being illegal stop them from having them?February 28, 2012 at 11:46 am | Reply Blue DogOK, then let's open it up so that I can get a bigger weapon than you. How ab't a tank, a nuclear weapon, a fighter jet? Where do we stop. Why are we allowing sale of guns openly at gun sows? Why are we allowing guns which can be easily converted to automatic. Yes, a sane and responsible person can have the right to own a gun but there should be some limits. This is a classic case where govt needs to step in and put limits and regulations on what you can possess.February 28, 2012 at 11:56 am | garWhen you get shot in the back of the head by the next gun lunatic walking the streets, then we will...February 28, 2012 at 12:47 pm | JeramieHMurder is already illegal. That law didn't stop this guy.February 28, 2012 at 12:00 pm | Reply RichKids usually get guns from a relative. If the relative, who is often a law-abiding citizen, could not get their hands on a gun, then the child would also not likely get their hands on a gun.February 28, 2012 at 12:04 pm | Reply AnneRight now we don't know where the shooter got the gun.  If it was from a family member who did not have it locked up and secured, then they should also be charged.  Part of the responsibility of owning a gun is to make sure it does not get into unauthorized hands.February 28, 2012 at 11:41 am | Reply CynicGuns are not the problem.  Something else is going on here.  In my day, many youngsters had access to guns, and they didn't go into their schools and randomly kill people.Thanks to the Columbine shootings and other episodes like it, our schools now resemble prisons more than they do schools.  Perhaps we shouldn't be surprised when youngsters act like prisoners.  Police and security roaming the halls, drug- and gun-sniffing dogs, zero tolerance for children distributing Pez candy, or holding hands in the hall.... all of this, and it hasn't made schools one bit safer.  Instead, it seems as if students want to do the very things that they are told they shouldn't do.  All this business about instilling self-esteem in students is BS.  If you fail to teach students how to take criticism, or fail to teach them that self-respect requires respecting others, what else can you expect but a society filled with selfish, thoughtless, uncivil, and hateful people?  At one time, I was told that most well-adjusted people think "I'm OK, you're OK," whereas criminals think "I'm OK, you're not OK."  Are we raising hoods when we instill in them a sense of self-esteem without instilling an equal share of esteem for others?February 28, 2012 at 11:44 am | Reply MelanieGetting rid of ALL guns in the world would be like trying to get rid of all the mice in the world. Many drugs are illegal, yet look how the "war on drugs" just continues. The drugs aren't going away and neither will guns.February 28, 2012 at 11:44 am | Reply RickBecause your society is dog eat dog. You have a ridiculous gun policy and your children are brats due to having been raised by brats with little or no concern for anyone but themself. Simple really, too bad it will never be fixed, what with the whole culture of...my ignorance is as valuable as your intelligence thing going on.February 28, 2012 at 11:45 am | Reply CynicYou are only partly right.  Yes, we do have a dog-eat-dog society.  That is evident by the hatred that we have of each other (Don't deny it, fellow Americans.  I see it here in the comments every day.  If you hate someone because his politics are different from yours, how much more will you hate him when you have a valid reason to?).  And, yes, our children are brats who have been raised by brats.  This is what happens when you pamper your children, side with them when they do something wrong, but otherwise ignore them because your own precious needs come first.February 28, 2012 at 11:52 am | Reply marcus leeHow about getting rid of guns.... very simple solution....February 28, 2012 at 11:45 am | Reply CynicNot simple.February 28, 2012 at 11:47 am | Reply LaneGI see a kid got killed by a drunk driver today. Lets outlaw boose. and a knife, get those outlawed also. Its not a gun problem. its a parent problem becouse they drink instead od teaching thier kids. And guns will never be gone.February 28, 2012 at 11:53 am | Reply The REAL Truth...It IS a GUN PROBLEM !Ease of access, availability.  We're not back in 1776. No matter how many times the gun lobby repeats the old mantra of "guns don't kill people, people kill people", "pry it from my dead fingers", "the criminals will stil have the guns if you take away ours" it smacks of immaturity and toddler tantrums.Bullying and retribution has been around since the year dot. The large majority survived it. Why is it that issues now get solved with guns and we are #1  'cus they are readily available and easy to get hold of. Heck, most 16 yr olds don't have a basic understanding of bodily functions, never mind the FINALITY of death!  There is NO RESET button in life!February 28, 2012 at 1:57 pm | jpro1126I am pretty sure the media should take a small piece of responsibility in these copy cat crimes....They are highly sensationalized and are boradcasted 24 hours a day. Don't get me wrong, they are horrific crimes but maybe if the media spent less time sensationalizing these stories the idea to do such a horrific thing wouldn't "pop" into the mind of troubled teens. We only really saw a surge in school shootings in the last 15-20 years. Interestingly right around the time networks began airing sensational news stories 24 hours a day.February 28, 2012 at 11:46 am | Reply CynicYou have a point.February 28, 2012 at 11:53 am | Reply ccI've been wondering lately if the problem might be cartoons. In the 'good old days' even young children could see that cartoons weren't real. The characters, and scenery, were 2-D with black outlines, etc. Today technology makes cartoons much more life-like, in appearance at least. Cartoons have always been violent and I don't think that will change-when you make non-violent cartoons children stop watching them. But cartoon violence is, or should be, distinctly different from real-world violence and I'm  not sure that's true any more.February 28, 2012 at 11:46 am | Reply rodroderick@Marcus  right  that will fix everything.  Till the next kid stabs someone, and we get rid of knives.  Then someone gets killed by a stone, so we get rid of them to....February 28, 2012 at 11:47 am | Reply Gillian BagwellWhy is the U.S. number 1 in school shootings? Because ANYONE can buy a gun.  Duh. This question reflects why U.S. students do so poorly in school, as perhaps the writer of this headline did.February 28, 2012 at 11:47 am | Reply LaneGI see alot of people saying guns did this. How many youth died becouse of cars and drunk drivers today. We dont talk about drunks becouse god forgive they loose there boose. Guns are not the problem. They are just a tool. Less people die from guns in US than many other ways.February 28, 2012 at 11:47 am | Reply pastmormLane, you're really going to compare the overuse of guns here in America to traffic accidents.  REALLY?  You need your gun that badly?  You need to have gun rights so badly that you plow over the real reason students kill each other?  BECAUSE THEY HAVE ACCESS TO GUNS!!!!February 28, 2012 at 11:54 am | Reply CynicWe don't talk about it because it happens so often.  This is news because it doesn't happen so often.February 28, 2012 at 11:54 am | Reply ZebAs a percentage of population, Israel probably has more guns than the US, but we don't hear of such violence there, and once must acknowledge that Israelis live under far greater day-to-day stress than we do here in the US.That suggests there is more to the story than just guns.  IMO, there are so many factors.a.  breakdown in families:  Less parental involvement, perhaps because both parents are required to work these days.  If  we are able to go back to the days of single incomes (at least while the children are in their formative years) perhaps that could help.  Note that in decades past, we had freer access to guns, but no such a degree of gun violence.b.  reality TV: we have become inured to "real life" drama played out in prime time TV, and we, as a culture, celebrate that stuff on TV.  Kids are becoming desensitized to violence.c.  playtime for kids:  almost doesn't exist anymore!  Everything is highly organized from the time the child is born!  Whatever happened to pick-up games invented by the kids?  Of course, it ties back to parental involvement and easy access to violence (in video games, on TV, in movies, in books)d.  hardening of the right-wing/left-wing culture:  few people in power preach compromise or looking for common solutions;  all we hear and read has to do with demonizing, vilifying, putting down.  No wonder what our kids learn from a very early age is that it's OK to hold extreme positions on anything.e.  dumbing down:  there's a pervasive culture that denigrates intellectual achievement, that seems to worship not knowing, and to wear ignorance as a badge of honorFebruary 28, 2012 at 11:48 am | Reply FrankI grew up in Canada where guns aren't as readily available.  As a kid (especially if you're a boy), you often feel the need to get even with the kid that troubles you.  My only option was to punch the guy's face, gut or have a fist fight, like real men! We got detention or worst case scenario, expelled but that's the end of it.  You got your revenge and the person never bothered you again and both of you went your own ways.With guns readily available, these boys can never be real men.  They will always be cowards who need the help of a tool to get even.  Neither will they be fit mentally to deal with situations at a psychological level nor physically fit to kick someone's a$$.  At the end of the day, there are just lives lost..nothing more.Say what you will about gun accessibility.  I say yes you should take them away from everyone because simple truth is that as  humans we didn't get to where we are today by not making use of tools that are readily available to us.  It's in our history, it's in our blood and when a tool is available, we make use of it.  Look at any other first world country that doesn't have gun access readily avaialble.  The violent crime rate is much lower.  It's time to get off our high horse and learn from the rest of the world for once.February 28, 2012 at 11:48 am | Reply CynicTake a walk sometime in Britain and tell me how safe it is.  The yobs there don't need guns to kill or injure someone, or to vandalize property.February 28, 2012 at 11:58 am | Reply AbbyI find it terrifying that so many people are ASKING for their rights to be taken away because 1 person out of millions went off the deep end. If he didn't have a gun, it would have been a bomb, a knife, a car, poisoning the cafeteria food, etc. If someone is set on doing others harm, they'll find a way to do it. Taking away the rights of everyone else to try to prevent 1 person out of millions for doing a crime is unacceptable.If someone threatens a high-ranking political official, do we take away freedom of speech? No. When someone drives drunk and kills someone, do we ban cars and alcohol? No.But when it comes to firearms, people lose all common sense. People fear what they don't understand. All they see is "guns are scary! eeek!". Guess what? My grandma thinks the same about black people, because she is ignorant about them. I'd bet money that nearly 100% of people screaming "ban guns" have probably never even touched one, let alone learned how to safety handle and shoot it. It's an irrational fear of an inanimate object.I think the people screaming for gun bans would be surprised to know how many people they com in contact, upstanding members of society, that are gun owners: doctors, nurses, lawyers, teachers, computer programmers, accountants, business owners, etc. Unfortunately people let the media dictate their thoughts, and the media says gun owners are either stupid rednecks or gang members.February 28, 2012 at 11:49 am | Reply The REAL Truth...You are wrong Abby..   I know some very respectable law-abiding gun owners. Myself included. However, there is absolutely no reason to won a hand gun  unless you are Police or Military. They are NOT designed for hunting. They are designed to KILL PEOPLE. Period. Simple. Ban them  except when required to do your job.February 28, 2012 at 2:00 pm | Reply AbbyPersonal protection is a very real reason to own a handgun. I can't very well carry a rifle or shotgun around. I'm a 115 pound, 20-something woman; you think I could fight off a man trying to do me harm? No, I am physically smaller and weaker, I would be overpowered. A firearm evens the odds.And by the way, I legally carry my handgun. I have my CCW permit. CCW permit holders are statistically far less likely to commit a crime, even a misdemeanor, than the average American citizen. Taking away the rights and means for law-abiding citizens to protect themselves only hurts the "good guys", and it makes the job of the "bad guys" easier and less hazardous.February 28, 2012 at 3:48 pm | rodroderickhow about fixing society so that kids have a "future"?  Identify the problem if you want a solution.  Taking away the tool won't fix anything, because there are a MILLION ways to kill.February 28, 2012 at 11:50 am | Reply Americas youth:3 how about we get rid of gu-SHUT THE F**** UP. how about you get rid of the guns and ill sit here and watch. you guys are all hopeless. but its ok cuz eventually the psychopaths u created will destroy all you bumbling idiots .February 28, 2012 at 11:50 am | Reply BubbaGod bless America, bless us Lust, Gluttony, Greed, Laziness, Wrath, Envy, Pride, and certainly bless us with the firepower to carry out these sins.  Amen.February 28, 2012 at 11:50 am | Reply GeorgeTo quote district judge Martin..."With rights come responsibilities. The more people abuse our rights, the more likely that we're going to lose them," he said. " We need to start policing up our own actions, using common sense, in how we deal with others."February 28, 2012 at 11:51 am | Reply RuizA very sad time in our country.  I pray for all the victims, their families, and all our young people.  There is such a demand for separation of church and state, but after terrible tragedy, helping others with prayer may be permitted, that is until the atheists sue again.  I guess praying, talking about God along with treating others with love and kindness is just too inflammatory, and offends some people.  Could it be that permitting God and prayer in school might actually help our young people, encourage them to want to help others, and treat others with love, kindness, and respect?February 28, 2012 at 11:51 am | Reply pastmormPutting YOUR god in school prayers might work for you Ruiz, but not everybody in America believes in your god...that's why it's schools don't have prayer.February 28, 2012 at 11:56 am | Reply RuizHow do you know which God is my God, pastmorm?  It is a sad time in our country when atheists can take away freedoms than those who believe in God.  I will continue to pray for our country, how about you?February 28, 2012 at 12:54 pm | a cut above the restI'm sure that a tragety like this, students will be called together to pray, but after this tragety passes, "oh, no, don't pray! don't mention God!"....Most poeple in this country just become "faithful" &  only pray when something goes bad.  Pretty sad....Plus, kids aren't taught to respect life..They're just told to engage in gratification and have abortions.  The public schools educates nothing but the culture of life.  If the child doesn't get the "correct" teachings from home, they are to be in big trouble.  Instead of pointing the finger at the "outcast" and the "bullies", maybe the parents and the teachers need to look at themselves for what they teach (or lack of what they teach) to the children in the USA?February 28, 2012 at 12:04 pm | Reply pastmormWe have more shootings here in American because of the gun laws.  We have more shootings here in the US because of our school system (the one that Bush installed).  We have more shootings here in the US because per capita, there are fewer intelligent people compared to other countries.  We have more shootings in the US because we're a violent nation by nature.February 28, 2012 at 11:52 am | Reply daveAccess to guns-plain and simple We've had some school shootings in Canada. A couple of big ones at the college level. We have far less access to guns but probably more than Europeans.February 28, 2012 at 11:52 am | Reply wallaceWhen the federal government stepped in long time ago and said you should not discipline your kids, they took over. Now you want an answer why kids do what they do. Very simple, the government said you can't touch them so they run rampant and do what ever the hell they want to do.February 28, 2012 at 11:53 am | Reply Donnie the Lion"You take them from people, the criminals will find a way to get them... and if not that, they will find a way to make one." criminals aren't smart enough to make guns. they are criminals because of inferior intellect and laziness to get legitimate employment. The guy whose life story inspired the movie "Goodfellas" summed it up: "Work is for suckers."February 28, 2012 at 11:53 am | Reply GrandiWhy is no one talking about the parents being mostly responsible?  Teach your kids to treat others with respect.  Teach them about being bullied and being a bully, Talk to them, communicate all aspects of life.  Teach them right from wrong.  Put down your electronics and listen to them.  Kids don't just up and shoot someone.  They need their parents, parent, to teach them how to conduct themselves in the world. What happened to learning right from wrong?  It needs to start at a very early age.  Trust me, I know.  I raised three amazing boys.February 28, 2012 at 11:54 am | Reply Jesse"coder" that was an interesting replyFebruary 28, 2012 at 11:54 am | Reply a cut above the restWhy is the USA #1 in school shootings? HHHmmmm, politically correct BScuasing favoratism to some groups and alienation of others, no prayer in schools (can't have the 10 commandments in the schoolswouldn't want to have kids learn to not kill, steal and to not be lustful!), no teaching of morals, the teachers worry more about teaching grade school kids to put condoms on bananas,  Kids being brainwashed into being "liberals' (yet are the ones that spread the most hate and treat others in cruel and inhuman ways)!....History books filled with lies about our forefathersresulting in a distortion and degrating vision of America.  Educating a distortion of living a quality of life.  Teachers not being tolerant of all studentsand not reaching out to the "outcasts".  Teachers looking the other way from trouble (but Kudos to the Coach who helped removing the suspect!), lack of anti-drug education....I could go on but this kind of covers it!February 28, 2012 at 11:55 am | Reply Cynic"Lack of anti-drug education!"  Did you ever hear of D.A.R.E?  Did you ever hear of "zero-tolerance" policies?  Did you ever hear of drug-testing students?  Did you ever hear of drug-sniffing dogs in the school hallway?  Where have you been for the last three decades?February 28, 2012 at 12:01 pm | Reply Steve LyonsWe need to have a policy of sending kids that "need medication" to alternate facilities, so they are not a risk to "normal" kids.  I'd like to see a lit of meds this shooter was on or supposed to be taking.February 28, 2012 at 12:13 pm | TenHutYou get rid of the guns by controlling the manufacture of bullets. Stupid!February 28, 2012 at 11:57 am | Reply M.E.If we made it harder to get ahold of guns, people would just stab or bludgeon one another.  But quite frankly, it's much harder to kill someone with a knife or blunt object than it is to kill them with a gun so it makes at least some sense.February 28, 2012 at 11:58 am | Reply cbtx67The problem with guns comes down to two distinct factors. Bad parenting and the number of and projection of bullets. Many parents don't lock up their guns,  usually bad parents do bad things and have guns around.  Therefore the soon to be bad kid has access to something he shouldn't.  Second, guns have bullets. If you have a knife, perhaps you get one or two or three before somebody tackles them and disarms him. (I don't know what happened on those planes on 911 so I won't comment. ) Maybe one or two kids get killed, but you don't get the carnage on the scale of Virginia Tech. Guns are also a very impersonal way to kill, you don't have to get close to look the victim in the eyes and you can get people from across the room. You don't run the risk of the victim actually wrestling with you and potentially kickin your ar se.  This makes the "misused" gun the tool of a coward. (Not talking about cops or soldiers here obviously) I also agree with a previous poster that said that if there was a govt takeover, one or two or even ten lil rifles/pistols would do nothing. You'd be screwed just like the rest of us...it would just take a lil longer, maybe 30 minutes.February 28, 2012 at 11:58 am | Reply Rae Ann PointerOakland,California has more than 100 murders a year but the media never covers it.  Why?  It doesn't fit their narrative that strict gun control works.February 28, 2012 at 12:01 pm | Reply LaneGWRONG, Ca is a anti gun state and look at allthe murders. Pro gun states have much less crime. Get real and get your facts straight.February 28, 2012 at 12:10 pm | Reply RobertDid you even read what it is you are commenting about, or more precise, did you understand what the writer was saying???February 28, 2012 at 12:19 pm | djI can't believe that the author of this story didn't mention the media.  Incessant coverage and glamorization of such evil plants the seed for the next mixed-up kid to repeat the cycle.  Throw in all of the violent movies and the TV cop and murder shows shown constantly as acceptable and desired entertainment, and it's  inevitable that someone will again get the idea to do such evil to other humans.February 28, 2012 at 12:01 pm | Reply PamYou're missing the elephant in the room.  The US has twice the shootings as other countries, but prescribes twice as much Prozac and other antidepressants.  These shooting didn't start until after the introduction of antidepressants.  It started as the mail carrier "going postal" and once doctors started prescribing to children, we had the first school shooting.  I firmly believe that there is a small percentage of the population majorly and adversly affected by antidepressants.  In almost every school shooting, antidepressants are being used by the perpetrator.  We didn't suddenly have a massive culture shift where shooting up a school became acceptable.  We just decided to drug the problems instead of deal with them.February 28, 2012 at 12:02 pm | Reply Steve LyonsThat's why we should all say NO to drugs.February 28, 2012 at 12:10 pm | Reply bUDDYbECAUSE THEY DID NOT COUNT BOMB VESTSFebruary 28, 2012 at 12:04 pm | Reply LaneGwow people. With the mentality of some people on here it is easy to see why we have so many problems in this country. Guns are not the problem. They are a tool. How many will die today becouse of drunks of knifes or beatings. should we get rid of the booze, knifes and fists. In the big picture very few people get killed by guns compared to other ways. If this happened with a baseball bat would we outlaw baseball. Get real people the awnser is to get parents to be responsable to there kids. If the parents had done the responsable thing thing mabee this would not have happened. and lets not forget the thousands of people that are saved with guns everydaY BY RESPONSABLE PEOPLE.February 28, 2012 at 12:05 pm | Reply a cut above the restBanning guns is BS.  More rural areas where poeple are known to own guns,  I've read of studies, actually have lower killings and criminal activity.  Why?  Because poeple won't mess with other poeple's  stuff and would be scared to get shotFor they know the community is gun packing.  If hoodlums or someone is desperate enough to buy a gun, it will be bought illegally....February 28, 2012 at 12:24 pm | Reply Steve LyonsHighest percentage of population or highest in terms of gross numbers?The ACLU has had a major role in abolishing discipline in public schools by curbing corporal punishment.We need to get discipline back in schools and prevent parents from suing schools that maintain order.Further we need to get "problem" kids help or expel them.February 28, 2012 at 12:05 pm | Reply VoltairineWhy is U.S. No. 1 in school shootings: Because mental healthcare isnt taken seriously in this country, where society tacitly and openly accepts the occasional massacre rather than paying more money in taxes for additional preventative measures.February 28, 2012 at 12:05 pm | Reply 1st1) Past and Present Social Conservatives feeling priviledged while denying others of Life, Liberty & Pursuit of Happiness. (Meaning you're not one of us so you are'nt welcome to what we have.) 2) Similar to #1, and due to lack of education many children of Social Conservatives will stay segregated though famiy influence and harbor racism and prejudice toward other's. ( Ancestral Racism, past to present.) 3) America's promotion of created chaos control, through cause & effect to promote her Law & Order.) 4) In the Urban area's, it's more business oriented and includes 1-3. The N.R.A protect gun shops, gun shops a sell to a customer in a suburb with a gun permit, the said customer sell it for more than it was brought for to someone in the urban area. ( 7 out of 10 a criminal.) Police in turn arrest said criminal and there's the trickling down of the business and payments. ( Judges, Lawyers all included in the business of gun sales.)February 28, 2012 at 12:09 pm | Reply rwtake prayer out of schools and you invite alot of other issues inFebruary 28, 2012 at 12:10 pm | Reply RobertLike truth and reality?February 28, 2012 at 12:20 pm | Reply a cut above the restno, like disprespect for life, immorality and violence.February 28, 2012 at 12:26 pm | JeramieHA fairy tale isn't required to respect life.February 28, 2012 at 12:29 pm | DuyI just thought about this topic this morning. I grew up in the different country, and over there I don;t think I heard about student shooting ever...Instead they have different issues, like girls fighting, or students stealing... Those are worst scenario. Im just wondering are we in America having so much freedom on gun issue? I meant I saw my friend holding a gun the other day for hunting...February 28, 2012 at 12:11 pm | Reply MVFact Check: 32 students were killed at VT, not 37. 33 if you include him.February 28, 2012 at 12:12 pm | Reply D RussellThe right to bear arms comes with a cost that is not popular to talk about if you are pro 2nd Ammendment. The availability of hand guns does in fact mean that there will be more deaths by guns. This is a fact you can't argue away with ideology even if it would be convient to do so. The real question then is "do we as a society hold the right to bear arms and have those arms available as more important than the deaths we know having this policy will inadvertanly cause". Freedom is not free, and all rights have a cost associated with them. I am pro 2nd Ammendment and I accept the trade off. Those  who are pro-2nd Ammendment like me and yet try and argue about knives and other silly things are either being simple or dishonest. It is a trade off  just accept it.February 28, 2012 at 12:14 pm | Reply grasslandheroHaving guns all over the place is part of the problem. The other part is putting them in the hands of emotionally unstable people. Teenagers are all emotionally unstable  they should not be taught how to use guns.February 28, 2012 at 12:22 pm | Reply RickKids are just acting out their video games.  Do parents have any idea the kind of games their kids are playing?February 28, 2012 at 12:14 pm | Reply Steve LyonsIs there a video game called "grudge of the bullied?"  Wow maybe I can market that one for Facebook.Maybe Facebook and all the social media is to blame.  If you are not on line you are not a "victim of on line bullying".Think about that for a while.February 28, 2012 at 12:18 pm | Reply David in TXAll you have to do is live in Texas for a short while and it all become very clearFebruary 28, 2012 at 12:16 pm | Reply RobertSince we don't  how 'bout you explain yourself?February 28, 2012 at 12:21 pm | Reply jojoMaybe it's just man's nature to torment the not so capable or those who are different. I am not sure if there is a solution. Incidents like this will cause the tormentors to think twice before making someone's life difficult.February 28, 2012 at 12:16 pm | Reply OhioAnonSchool shootings are on the rise because these days kids are weak little things that are brought up in a world that's like a padded room. You can thank liberal dimwits for this. Hopefully people learn and stop coddling their children.February 28, 2012 at 12:17 pm | Reply studdmuffinsThe owner of this gun should be held liable for the actions of this minor.  Start holding owners responsible and owners will be more responsible.I am pro-gun ownership, though I own none of my own.February 28, 2012 at 12:17 pm | Reply RobertHear hear.  I am anti-gun ownership, even though I do own one (my hunting rifle I used many years ago).February 28, 2012 at 12:23 pm | Reply gunnieHey here's a novel idea, how about the parents teaching their children right and wrong instead of sending them to school and hoping the teachers will do the job for them!!February 28, 2012 at 12:18 pm | Reply Steve LyonsHow about we get all the PC studies out of the schools as well.  Socialism is NOT conducive to a respectful society.  Society doesn't owe you a free ride.February 28, 2012 at 12:20 pm | Reply grasslandheroGUNS  not just getting them, but knowing how to use them. When I was in high school, I knew my father had a gun and where the bullets were, but I was too scared of it to think of using it to solve my problems. If I was experienced with guns, story could have been different. Teenagers emotional instability and ready access to guns is a very bad mix.February 28, 2012 at 12:18 pm | Reply David in TXAlso, check the federal statisics, no surprise the majority are christian republicansFebruary 28, 2012 at 12:18 pm | Reply 1stA Rewrite of #2) Similar to #1, and due to lack of education and/or low IQ's. Many children of Social Conservatives will stay segregated through family influence and harbor racism and prejudice toward other's. ( Ancestral Racism, Past and Present.) Had to correct myself.February 28, 2012 at 12:19 pm | Reply David in TXYa, In NEW Braunfels, TX banners were posted at high school when Obama was elected "The Antichrist is here"  wonder what parents gave these instructions?February 28, 2012 at 12:22 pm | Reply JeramieHAnd therein lies another perfect example of the current problem. The "other" guy isn't just a person with a difference of opinion, he's evil incarnate here to destroy your way of life.February 28, 2012 at 12:27 pm | Reply 1st@ JeramieH, #2 in my comment All day.February 28, 2012 at 12:59 pm | 1st@David in TX, #1&2 in my comment, that's who.February 28, 2012 at 12:57 pm | Reply Hot CarlWhoooo-hooooo!We're #1! We're #1!Ha ha ha, take THAT China!Looooooosers!February 28, 2012 at 12:24 pm | Reply reality checkThis has nothing to do with television, hollywood or video games. You'll find that the owners of most firearms used in these atrocities were negligent in keeping these weapons safe and secure from intentional or unintentional misuse. Firearm safety starts with responsible ownership.February 28, 2012 at 12:24 pm | Reply garThere is a simple answer, not a complicated answer.  The reason for the extreme level of gun violence in the U.S. can be directly blamed on the National Rifle Association... the greatest enabler of gun crimes in history.February 28, 2012 at 12:26 pm | Reply JeramieHSo we blame Ford for all drunk driver deaths?February 28, 2012 at 12:28 pm | Reply garNo, of course not, and it's not an appropriate comparison.  Is Ford demanding that there be no drunk driving laws?February 28, 2012 at 12:33 pm | gagerTotal nonsense, many countries have more access to guns with almost no crime.February 28, 2012 at 12:35 pm | Reply garTotal nonsense all right.. Name one...February 28, 2012 at 12:38 pm | Richard Smoker (I mean Dick)Maybe all teachers and students should be armed. Yeah, that's the ticket. More guns. Wake up,  America! Oh, we wouldn't want to take away your right to bear arms. What a prehistoric notion! Wake up, America! The America of the future is a war zone!February 28, 2012 at 12:27 pm | Reply gagerBefore the gun haters get in here it should be noted that there are many countries where there are more guns available but don't have this problem. The problem is that ethics are no longer taught at home or school. Secular humanism is no longer taught in school. See the problem?February 28, 2012 at 12:28 pm | Reply aaronthis is easy.  because we advocate quick solutions to all problems without thorough thought, we advocate that owning guns is practically our duty therefore making them very easy to obtain...those two things coupled with abysmally poor education lead to probably most of our problems, be it with crime or drugs.  this is the crime part.  Im not against guns by any means, but, I am against the lack of education.  and now we have a potential nominee for president that actually says having an education is "snobbish" and a current president that when talks about Americans gaining more education, he is looked at as "elitist"...like being smart is a bad word.  this is the easiest question ever asked by anyone in a news article...February 28, 2012 at 12:28 pm | Reply JeramieH> like being smart is a bad wordUnfortunately you hit the nail on the head with current America.February 28, 2012 at 12:31 pm | Reply 1st@aaron, #1&2 in my comment still apply. They fear that more Obama's will spring out of communities they're trying to stagnate and disrupt the America they so envision for themselve's.February 28, 2012 at 1:19 pm | Reply BillThere is no way in which our students are exceptional or deficient. There is bullying everywhere and in many places it is worse than here. Our kids are not particularly spoiled, resentful, neglected or anything else. In all and every of these things kids in other industrialized countries are about the same. The only thing that is different is the availability of weapons.February 28, 2012 at 12:29 pm | Reply nathanWhen was the last time one of these shooting rampages took place in a big city?  Never.  Why?  Because we dont have goobers with guns.February 28, 2012 at 12:29 pm | Reply BenI vote democratic but I don't blame an inanimate object for committing a crime. The people behind the gun are the ones at fault. This kid was probably mentally unstable or he was just bullied to the breaking point. Teenagers are very cruel to people that don't fit in and can make their life a living hell. I was bullied when I was in school but I never snapped and killed anyone. Taking guns away from law abiding citizens will not protect anyone. If its not a gun it will be another weapon ex. knife, hammer, hatchet, et cetera. Blame people for their actions not the tool they used.February 28, 2012 at 12:30 pm | Reply garcDuh! Because it's incredibly easy to get a gun here. The rest of the first world thinks this is still the Wild West...and it is. Only here do we have huge lobbies and organizations that actually claim guns don't kill people...!February 28, 2012 at 12:30 pm | Reply USLoverImpressed by Talibans! lolFebruary 28, 2012 at 12:30 pm | Reply Hot CarlStupid hillbilly inbred parents don't keep their guns locked.February 28, 2012 at 12:30 pm | Reply JeffTake that rest of the world!! We rock!!February 28, 2012 at 12:31 pm | Reply Hot CarlWhoooo-hooooo! Finally, we're better than China at something! We're #1! We're #1!February 28, 2012 at 12:33 pm | Reply USAbeatsCHINAyes yes yes yes!  we so did it this time, guy!  o yes yes yes carl!  wha wha yes yes carl i love uFebruary 28, 2012 at 6:55 pm | Bob in OhioLet's hear it for the National Rifle Association!       yea....February 28, 2012 at 12:34 pm | Reply Well...the use is #1 in gun violence because...we all have guns.no guns = less gun violence.February 28, 2012 at 12:34 pm | Reply AbbyBanning guns would only take them away from law-abiding citizens. It wouldn't eliminate violence. In fact, it would likely make more victims; especially women and the elderly.February 28, 2012 at 12:39 pm | Reply TerriWe have become a nation (and society) of Professional Victims....everyone thinks someone did something to them, they don't have enough money, they have an illness, a disease, whatever excuse they find to say "I am a victim of (fill in the blank).  And Becuase I am a victim, I can be mad at the world and take it out on (fill in the blank).  NONSENSE!  People need to buck up, sure things are tough, sometimes kids are bullied on the playground, sometimes our spouse leaves us, but wake up, you are still alive, and can choose to not be a victim any longer!February 28, 2012 at 12:35 pm | Reply RubyBecause we are the most heavily drugged country. First we start with brain injuries and other illnesses gotten from the four dozen vaccines given starting at birth,  then we pop every kind of over the counter and pharmaceutical drugs to "treat" those side effects, then we are given mind-altering anti-depressants. Read Harris Coulter's "Vaccination, Social Violence, and Criminality: The Medical Assault on the American Brain"written years ago.February 28, 2012 at 12:35 pm | Reply PatrickK"I'm not offering a gun control solution. But any serious attempt to prevent school shooting will have to attack the problem by determining who should not be armed"But that sounds EXACTLY like what you're offering.  The scariest two things about all this are figuring out just HOW you determine who should not be armed, and figuring out just WHO gets to make that determination.  Something tells me that Dr Ochberg will fall somewhere on the side of the more restrictive solutions.February 28, 2012 at 12:35 pm | Reply Francisco@Brian said it right, guns have been available for a long time and yet the problem has literally exploded in recent years.I see more of a mix, the tools (guns) being readily available (lax gun legislation) and what kids learn from home. There is always going to be an argument on what kids are exposed to, e.g., now=Internet and violent video games, then=violent movies and wars all over, so technically the exposure is somewhat the same; the bottom line is the continued loss of values in American homes.February 28, 2012 at 12:35 pm | Reply FrankSIMPLE!Kids are growing up without "FATHERS" The states and the feds are under the impression that fathers are NOT NEEDED in society, all we need is HIS PAYCHECK! Take half of it for child support, which creates anger and hatred between the parents and alienates the dad from his child! THESE SORRY AZZZ KIDS YOU SEE TODAY ARE THE RESULT OF DADS BEING REPLACED BY CHILD SUPPORT CHECKS! NO FATHER FIGURES, Just the live in boyfriend who helps blow dads money and abuses his kids!February 28, 2012 at 12:36 pm | Reply tonyEverybody can buy guns  in USA streets, in my country the police men don't carry guns.February 28, 2012 at 12:37 pm | Reply jpr01126Maybe it is because of the very liberal nature of a vast majority of people in this country that want to protect the poor murderers from harm and want them in nice facillities waaah waaah waaah...if we had harsher punishments for violent criminals...maybe these crimes would be a thing of the past.February 28, 2012 at 12:38 pm | Reply JohnReally smart  lets blame guns and ban them  that way the high school morons that become local cops are the only ones with access.  Hmm aren't these the same cops that all of you liberals claim racially profile and illegally detain illegal immigrants.  Can't have it both ways  take away guns from the cops and I'll be more than happy to hand mine in.  Until that happens forget it.February 28, 2012 at 12:38 pm | Reply anonymousyes moron.. limiting guns WILLl solve the problem.. go back to your hole and hibernate geniousFebruary 28, 2012 at 1:07 pm | Reply DudeI love being a gun owner, but . . .1.  If you are a parent, you need to secure your firearms and make them inaccessable to your children and teens.2.  If you need immediate home defense  a big dog, mace, a taser, or a realtor who can get you to a better neighborhood are good choices.3.  You need to monitor what you and your kids put in your brains  limit the mindlessly violent video games, violent movies, and violent TV.  A steady stream of that stuff is not a good idea.4.  Take bullying and terroristic threats seriously.  If your child is being bullied, confront it outside of the school environment in a place where a right to self-defense exists and get real law enforcement involved.  The tactics of bullies like assault, battery, terroristic threats are all real crimes.February 28, 2012 at 12:39 pm | Reply AbbyI agree with all but #2. Most dogs are wimps, don't rely on a dog for protection. And I'd much rather use the most effective and efficient tool to protect myself, tasers and mace only go so far. (If 2 guys break in, you can only tase 1. Mace you risk spraying yourself, or having someone hopped up on drugs that it doesn't phase them.) And even the best neighborhoods are not immune from crime; a lot of gang-bangers have started targeting the "good neighborhoods" because the homes have better stuff to steal.February 28, 2012 at 12:43 pm | Reply DudeThe main thing is this  you can defend your home in layers and through alternatives to firearms, for example you can have:- Curtains to ensure you don't show your big screen TV to bypassers.- An alarm with panic button.- A dog that sounds menacing.- A taser or other non-lethal weapon.- Good locks & secure windows.You can deter thieves, burglars, and home invaders by appearing to be a harder target and a less lucrative target with than your neighbors.  If you have a Chevy Malibu, drawn curtains, and a decent sized dog and your neighbor has a Mercedes, a 54-inch big screen, and wide open window treatments.  You are less likely to be a target.If you have children, an unsecured firearm is a serious liability.  A toddler could find it and unknowingly discharge it.  A kindergartner or grade schooler could use it to play cops and robbers.  A junior high schooler or high schooler could use it to permanently resolve a temporary teen angst problem like bullying or lost love.  It's a problem of young brains not being fully developed in terms of judgment, temperament, impulse control, and morality.If you believe in firearms freedom, secure your firearms so that your kid doesn't become a statistic and so that your household doesn't fuel pro-gun control sentiment.February 28, 2012 at 4:01 pm | AbbyDude, I agree with you. In addition, I'd also say that parents should teach their kids about firearms. My kids will learn to shoot, take hunter's safety courses, etc. (at appropriate ages, of course); I don't want guns to be mysterious and exciting to them.'Most importantly, my kids will learn that guns are NOT TOYS and can only be touched under adult supervision. (I have a gun safe, but they may go to a friend's house where the parents are not as responsible, kids need to know what to do in that situation. Ignorance is not bliss.) More parents need to teach their young kids the Eddie Eagle approach to guns: "Stop. Don't touch. Leave the area. Tell an adult".February 28, 2012 at 5:28 pm | bedtimesugarDoes anyone here even KNOW how he got the gun? Did he steal it? Did his grandfather leave it on the nightstand? Did he buy it from a local drug dealer? This should not be a soapbox for arguement until we know all the facts.For those that do not own guns, obtaining them legally is not as easy as said, however, like any other controlled item in this country whether it is drugs, alcohol, counterfiet merchandise, etc.  where there is a will, there is a way. Maybe we should all agree that the child had issues within his life and he sought a release. The problem is NOT that he had access to a gun but rather that he chose to use it. There are many ways to kill ... so let's start by stopping the reasons versus taking away the "methods".February 28, 2012 at 12:39 pm | Reply christainPsalms 119:9 this is what U.S schools are missing.  Please note we have religious freedom in this country all should be respected equally and given similar oppurtunities.We take something good out of schools so expect some evil to fill that gap. Hard to accept but if we need to train our children to love your neighbor like you would love yourself from young age, no cops or guns are needed.February 28, 2012 at 12:41 pm | Reply KarenThere is one very important factor that was not mentioned.... the downfall of the family.  Children who come from broken or disfunctional homes are often the students who commit these crimes.   When looking at the families of children who commit these acts, rarely do you find a nuclear family with parents who are involved in their children's lives.February 28, 2012 at 12:41 pm | Reply StevenYes, rather than blame this on the fact that nearly any child of an NRA member can stick dad's gun in his back pack and blow the school to hell, lets just blame broken families...You've been snorting too much of Glenn Becks chalk dust...February 28, 2012 at 12:51 pm | Reply Hot CarlMake all the gun laws you want, liberal retards. Criminals and psychopaths don't follow laws, in case you've been asleep for the past, oh, let's see......YOUR WHOLE LIFE?February 28, 2012 at 12:42 pm | Reply garSince we know you reactionary retards hate our government and want to live in total anarchy... what's your point?February 28, 2012 at 12:51 pm | Reply StarshipTrooperBecause we Love the Fetus but Hate the Child!February 28, 2012 at 12:42 pm | Reply LillyI'm sure the Republicans will find a way to blame it on Obama.February 28, 2012 at 12:42 pm | Reply jpr01126Nah....I am sure the Democrats will find a way to somehow blame it on Bush...February 28, 2012 at 12:46 pm | Reply AKI blame it on Call of Duty.February 28, 2012 at 12:42 pm | Reply JlookWhy? because too much influence from violence watching tv an playing video games with much violence!February 28, 2012 at 12:45 pm | Reply Patrick@JlookThat was debunked 10 years ago. Try again.February 28, 2012 at 1:24 pm | Reply mitch darrowIt's easy  people get picked on, don't have a moral compass to guide them, are full of testosterone and decide it's worth it. This isn't rocket science, violence in school is systemic of a larger issue  bullying. All of these kids who shoot up the place are victims of bullies. You get pushed around enough and eventually, it's either them or you, right? We need to fundamentally redesign schools to ensure there is no place for bulling to occur. And, no, some cute sign on the wall outside the boys bathroom isn't going to do it.February 28, 2012 at 12:46 pm | Reply BillWhat this article fails to bring up, and the Media in general fails to bring up when these events happen, is the use of Anti-depresents,  Most of the kids who have gone on school shootings have bean on anti-depresents,  these drugs suppress rational behavior.February 28, 2012 at 12:47 pm | Reply QuintasAccess to guns is a significant factor??? Access to guns is the only factor.How can the most prosperous country in the world fail in such fundamental levels is something that will always amaze me.February 28, 2012 at 12:48 pm | Reply BillMaybe as a Country ;;; We Love our Guns more then We Love our Kids!February 28, 2012 at 12:49 pm | Reply StevenI know that's right...February 28, 2012 at 12:53 pm | Reply JoeymomI must unfortunately concur. Just look at how education is budgeted.February 28, 2012 at 1:09 pm | Reply Ronald McloughlinOh, come on. How naive can a professor be abt violence in our gun-culture? As long as guns are easy to get, even a teenager can wreak havoc with a 22 caliber gun? I was in Mexico in 1967 celebrating in a bar when the federales suddenly appeared and frisked everyone for guns. It was somewhat hilarious & I didnt see anyone being pulled out for having a gun but every Mexican knew that U didnt settle anything with a gun. Stick that in yor 2nd Amendment rights.February 28, 2012 at 12:49 pm | Reply EdgarOur leaders/parents need to seek the solutions to these problems and apply them to our school system so that this doesn't happen. Then again our country's focus is on blowing up brown people rather than investing in our future through the education system so who knows when we'll even begin exploring possible answers.February 28, 2012 at 12:49 pm | Reply Claudia, Houston, TxKeep "broad brushing" all schools as if these crimes are committed in all schools and this problem will continue.February 28, 2012 at 12:50 pm | Reply Mark B.Because we teach no respect, do your own thing, no consquences, no God, coupled with viloent video games, movies, books. We  have helped make these killers.February 28, 2012 at 12:50 pm | Reply ChukThis is a stupid question.  Duh!  Because the US has the most guns.  You want to solve the problem, grow the spine to take away the guns!  Either guns or safety.  You can't have both.  When the NRA stops controlling the agenda, you'd have safety.February 28, 2012 at 12:50 pm | Reply AbbyIn the vast majority of cases, guns do equal safety. I read numerous news stories about citizens that have protected themselves and their families because they had a firearm.Your comment is like saying "take away cars to prevent drunk driving". And drunk driving is far more common than school shootings. 1 kid out of millions of high school kids goes off the deep end, and your answer is to ban guns for everyone.)February 28, 2012 at 12:55 pm | Reply christainKids need to understand Chirst like love and sense of belonging in family and community. We trying to figure how are missing the sign when someone is going to shoot someone. Parents are the one could find this out faster than gov't.  It is easy to blame others but not ourselves.February 28, 2012 at 12:51 pm | Reply PrioripeteIt's feminism's fault for such promotions as 'sweet revenge', 'don't get mad, get even', 'pay back', and extreme anarchy.  It's unreasonable to associate freedom with the young who are not fully responsible, and why parents should be supportedFebruary 28, 2012 at 12:51 pm | Reply garThis would be funny is it wasn't so sick.  Blame women!February 28, 2012 at 12:54 pm | Reply xp800As the author notes, students "leak evidence" and all sorts of indications.the problem:  as anyone around a group of teens would note.  Thousands (perhaps even a majority of students) say, post,  think things that could be construed as "key indicators" yet never have any intent to go beyond.    Anyone who has been bullied as a teen will think and verbally lash out (on the internet or anywhere) at their tormenters or frustrations.    Yet. the overwhelming majority of these depressed teens NEVER move close to becoming any sort of real threat.     We must be exceedingly careful of how we mine the vast majority of unhappy signs we see on the internet.I heard of story of school administrators grilling a student for simply NOT having a Facebook account.   He chose not to because he was afraid it would be a target of bullying.   Yet the act of not having an account made him "reclusive","troubled", "withdrawn" and "different"  and a perceived threat to society.February 28, 2012 at 12:52 pm | Reply NickLilly, I am sure of that too. I am wondering whether Mitt Romney will seize the moment somewhere and say how his experience will provide a solution for violence in schools. But, the GOP will ignore the big 'elephant in the room", aka, the easy accessibility of guns.February 28, 2012 at 12:52 pm | Reply Ed JaegerSwitzerland has more guns per capita than any other nation in the world and one of the lowest crime rates. Most of those guns are assault weapons. Actual assault weapons, not what idiots here call semi-automatic weapons that look similar. That fact places a considerable amount of doubt on any assertion that "access to weapons" is part of the root cause regarding school shootings.February 28, 2012 at 12:52 pm | Reply matty bonesComparison is no good. Swiz is small.  Not a melting pot and lot's of lame T.V.February 28, 2012 at 12:57 pm | Reply Ed JaegerYou can't claim easy access to guns as a basis then ignore the fact that another country with even greater access has fewer issues. If accessibility to weapons is part of "the reason" then you have to look at availability everywhere.February 28, 2012 at 1:00 pm | NickTotally incorrect. Don't believe whatever the right wing media says. Find out for yourself.February 28, 2012 at 1:07 pm | el bartoReally? Switzerland is not a melting pot?! The country that has four official languages and four distinct cultures and about one-third of its people are first or second-generation immigrants? That is NOT a melting pot? Could you please then explain me just what is a melting pot?Widespread gun ownership, coupled with the fact that all Swiss men undergo military training and know how to use them, has been exactly the thing that has helped a good deal to keep Switzerland independent and crime rates low. Any intruders, be it some bloodthirsty neighbouring country or just a common criminal, have always known that their attempts will be met with armed resistance.And how Switzerland being small has anything to do with its low levels of gun crime? I don't quite follow that logic. Are you somehow suggesting that there's something about large countries that makes them violent and unsafe? Along the lines of "hey, there's still some 300+ million people out there, nothing happens if I shoot a few?"March 1, 2012 at 5:57 am | StevenNot true, Switzerland is actually a good example of gun regulations working...  Per Capita Switzerland has 1/3 of the guns the United States has and they have a very low crime rate... the politicians there commonly use United States statics to call for more regulations...Don't believe everything that your conservative friends email you...February 28, 2012 at 12:58 pm | Reply Ed JaegerSorry, I did misspeak. Not highest number of guns per capita. High number of assault weapons is what I meant to type.February 28, 2012 at 1:03 pm | matty bonesOnce again.  Small country in comparison.  The Per Capita thing doesn't work.  It's not the same friggin country!  We are talking about America!  Mark Twain was right.  Statistics are a great way to push a lie.  Wasn't in those words but pretty much.February 28, 2012 at 1:03 pm | Patrick@matty bonesMake up your mind bud. If it is the GUN that is the issue the country wouldnt matter.February 28, 2012 at 1:36 pm | Patrick@Ed Jaeger100% correct. But you cant use facts and logic when arguing with a zealot.February 28, 2012 at 1:03 pm | Reply bsThe crux of the gun access issue is the failure to use existing laws to prosecute the adults who allow these children to have access to gun. Existing laws prohibit those under 18 from purchasing guns and ammunition and provide penalties for adults who negligently allow children unsupervised access to guns, so no new laws are needed. Virtually every single gun owner in the US supports prosecution of the negligent parents who facilitate school shootings and firearm accidents involving minors. Those with an anti-gun agenda do not want to see such prosecutions of the guilty parties since it would undermine their attempts to demonize an inanimate object and blame it for the actions of criminals.February 28, 2012 at 12:54 pm | Reply 1stAnytime a gun is used in a crime, I believe everyone involved should be punished, owners & users ( If the user isn't the owner.) Trace them to the gun shop where they were purchased, background check the purchaser and if said gun is at the scene of a crime and used by someone other than the owner and not reported stolen by the owner, all parties involved shall be punished at the same length of the law. Suspect and the owner should face the same jail time. ( Mainly those who are Pro 2nd amendment, Supremacist and Militia Men.) How do guns get in the hands of those without gun permits? "TRACK & TRACE AMERICA".February 28, 2012 at 12:54 pm | Reply JoeymomOne way they get them are loopholes in teh laws- such as purchasing at auctions.February 28, 2012 at 1:07 pm | Reply jojoBecause America loves guns, and has full access to them. Let's see how long it takes for people to post anti-Obama comments on how he is going to take our guns now.February 28, 2012 at 12:55 pm | Reply Adrianeasy answer is the easy availability of guns and our gun culture. Most American families who owned guns are typically uneducated and belligerent redneck types anyway on the 'white' side and inner city ghettos types on the 'black' side.. is there any surprise kids bringing guns to school and moving their classmates down? I'm not!February 28, 2012 at 12:55 pm | Reply AbbyI pity your ignorance. You truly have no idea who the average gun owner is. (Hint: It's your doctor, your kid's teacher, your computer repair tech, the owner of your favorite restaurant, the person who cuts your hair, the employees at your grocery store, etc.)February 28, 2012 at 12:58 pm | Reply JadeYou adults are so typical none of you ever understand what young men like us are going through. High school teens are like communism we support each other even if this means hurting others.  Just like the other shootings, others will take up the cause.  No matter what this nation does things like this will still happen, and always happen.  This is the year 2012, look around you.  Your not going to find a person who is mentally sane.  Everyone has their opinions but mine is a true fact.  As you read this it may be offending you, but as i said before these are the facts.  Some die some live its life.  No one can stop what is happening.  I give those kids props because unlike me, they have the guts to go through with things.  Now im not saying i would go around doing things like this, but people under estimate what teenagers are capable of.February 28, 2012 at 12:55 pm | Reply ChristineGet your ass back to class and zip it.February 28, 2012 at 1:00 pm | Reply JadeWow Christine thanks for proving my point, you were a perfect example, of how adults are ignorant.February 28, 2012 at 2:34 pm | Roberto Sierrathere are more americans that believe that prayer in schools is not worth fighting for ....so there is no prayer allowed in school by school officials....after all prayer is for the more ignorant people .... and the Christians are too "cool" to mention Yeshua at every turn... that is just for sunday School....santa claus is cool though they are not ashamed of him.February 28, 2012 at 12:55 pm | Reply Patrick@ Roberto SierraThe difference is most people realize that Santa isnt real by the time their 5.February 28, 2012 at 12:58 pm | Reply JadeSeperation of church and state, i think the last thing any student wants is going to church while in school.  Its bad enough having school.  Have any of you noticed how much teens use profanity, including using gods name in vein.  That would just be asking to provoke a shooting in a school.February 28, 2012 at 3:22 pm | Reply JeffI wonder why we don't lead the world in slaughtering women by beheading or stoning? Oh I forgot Pakistan and other Arab countries have that under wraps. Pick your atrocity and I am sure you will find things are just as bad elsewhere. If we start stoning people , will we outlaw rocks? Just wondering???February 28, 2012 at 12:55 pm | Reply matty bonesThat is just dumb.  What a way to steer from the issue.February 28, 2012 at 12:59 pm | Reply PatrickWhat a thinly veiled anti-gun rant. Nice how they gloss over the edge and blunt force crimes 9which have sky rocketed in countries that banned guns) and followed it up with a stupid statement like: Kids with guns kill kids. This is incorrect. Kids all over the country have access to guns and do not use them it kill other kids. I had access to guns as a kid and I knew better than go near it without a parent. So who is the exception me and the millions of others kids with this experience or the kid who actually commits this type of crime?February 28, 2012 at 12:56 pm | Reply Jeff+1February 28, 2012 at 1:02 pm | Reply matty bonesNot a game jeffery dFebruary 28, 2012 at 1:17 pm | Patrick@matty bonesWhen you dont have an argument, argue anyway..woo.February 28, 2012 at 1:33 pm | icreepinIf the method to kill was not with guns it would be with something else. While many are saying you have to have greater gun control you still will not be getting at the hear of the problem to which is "why are there thoughts about mass murder" and "what makes them act out on the thoughts" If those questions can't be answered you will still have killings by students against students rather its with a "gun" a "car" or any other means that can be used to take a life. Had this child's problem been discovered and treated we would not have had the mass killings and we would not be talking about having more gun control.February 28, 2012 at 12:56 pm | Reply matty bonesThese kids didn't get the snugs they needed.February 28, 2012 at 12:57 pm | Reply ChristineIt goes hand in hand with being #1 in Worst Parenting Skills.February 28, 2012 at 12:58 pm | Reply Ryan1Well, when so many American schools both look and feel like prisons, I don't know why we expect the inmates...I mean students...to behave otherwise.February 28, 2012 at 12:58 pm | Reply CNNuthinSomewhere, Jack Thompson is sitting alone in a room watching the news and saying "I told them.  They never listen.  It is that Grand Theft Auto and that Mortal Kombat and the Rap music and the facebook and Howard Stern..."  Meanwhile on the campaign trail, Santorum is saying, "How can I say that these bullets were a gift from God?  This was a tragedy and we must praise it."  Ron Paul is saying, "Well, if you would have taken America out of all these wars, we would not have a gun crazed culture." Obama is saying, "Ah S-, Not again.  The Republicans are going to blame me for this too."  The new head of the NRA is saying, "I think I found the location of our next conference."February 28, 2012 at 12:59 pm | Reply JeffAs usual, blame it on the gun, drugs, car, whatever, just pick your instrument of death.We are totally forgetting about personal responsibility. And not just the kids, but the parents.  There are obviously lots of major problems for a situation to come to this.If guns were not available at all or ever even invented, this would still happen, just with a different implement. We should be thankful kids are not using fire bombs in school like in other countries. The casualties and horror would be even worse.Bottom line, two youg boys are dead and lots of families are forever changed. We should pray for them.February 28, 2012 at 12:59 pm | Reply PaulMaybe we can end childhood obesity by banning forks, too.February 28, 2012 at 1:00 pm | Reply DubyaSeefieldsBecause the US has the highest concentration of little focks.February 28, 2012 at 1:00 pm | Reply matrix09Face it, we have a dog eat dog society which produces a lot of bullies. When the weak kids finaly snap, somebody gets hurt.February 28, 2012 at 1:00 pm | Reply IronCeltGuns are enshrined in the national myth of America. No one will ever be able to diminish their presence and their criminal use.February 28, 2012 at 1:01 pm | Reply Bruceuntil a greater device is devised for my personal defense and for me to defend myself and my community against a tyrannical government a gun will have to do.  lets pass more gun laws, that has sure worked with drugs, alcohol, etc....February 28, 2012 at 1:04 pm | Reply BarryEmily said get prayers in school..news, not everyone is Christian, There are Muslims, Jews, and a ton other religions. And religion is the most common reason for violence in the world today. And the last time there was prayer in public schools was 50 years ago.. I know I went to a catholic school and public schools. Access to guns is the reason, and the Republican agenda that allows that.February 28, 2012 at 1:01 pm | Reply JasonThought it's easy to say that gun access doesn't lead to gun crimes, it makes you wonder, at what point would evidence change that assumption? If there were 100 school shootings per year, would that even lend a slight amount of evidence to that notion? 50? 25? What is the cut off point?February 28, 2012 at 1:01 pm | Reply BrucePerhaps rather than fretting over why we have the highest instance of gun violence in our schools we should be thankful that we have such low rates of our school children engaged in guerrilla warfare and the building of IEDs.February 28, 2012 at 1:01 pm | Reply christainParents raise your children with prayer and cont. to pray for their future.February 28, 2012 at 1:01 pm | Reply JoeymomReally? This is a question? We lead the world in school shootings because we also led the world in adults who fail to lock up their guns and separate them from ammunition, we lead the world in owning them in the first place, and we lead the world in gun-culture that encourages shoot first-ask later. Since we have the "right" to own a gun, we also should perservere in our "right" to be responsible in that ownership. Teaching respect at every turn should be our goal; knowing the difference between respect and fear would be an excellent place to begin.February 28, 2012 at 1:02 pm | Reply mbm1amesimple; because of your very lax gun laws and regulations, even a retard could walk into a supermarket and buy a gun in U.S , you just want to call it freedom, I call it crazy and suicidal and  the result is this. Helloooo ...? its not candy.February 28, 2012 at 1:02 pm | Reply TillyThats odd, I have read several articles that say the Columbine kids were in fact bullied. I would bet ALL kids are bullied in some form. I think this onset of school shootings is easily explained. Kids are bullied at school, relentlessly. The home life of these children are also in ways unfit. They are made to feel badly about themselves at home, then forced to go to school where they are also mocked... add a household with a gun and neglectful parents not really watching the kids, and they hit a breaking point. Kids are harsh. Kids in school endure things from each other that are horrible, things that if it happened to us as adults at our workplace would file lawsuits against each other. We all have a breaking point. You take the bullying at school, the bad economic home life, a gun left out and its not rocket science why this happens. We all know WHY this happens, we need to focus on how we are going to stop it. How are we going to change our youth into being nicer and have more patience with each other. Not writing numerous articles trying to dissect why this happens. We all know why. I am sure our teenage suicide rate is also higher than any other Country. ALSO due to bullying.February 28, 2012 at 1:02 pm | Reply peggyThe fact is, our country glorifies violence to solve problems and there is too easy access to guns. I am not an anti-gun nut, but I think people who own personal handguns should absolutely be required to attend gun safety classes, along with other members of their households. To those people who say people who want to kill people will do so whether they have a gun or not are being disingenuous. How many mass school killings have been done with knives or rocks.February 28, 2012 at 1:03 pm | Reply anonymousOnly if parents paid attention to their kids rather than waste time getting drunk , we would have better kids in the society.. every weekend starting friday evening i see these kids on the street running wild and acting stupid when in reality they should be spending time studying and preparing for their future.. if parents do not enforce discipline in their own homes so how are we going to have a better society ?February 28, 2012 at 1:04 pm | Reply DuhThis question is being asked seriously? Buying a firearm in the US is easier than buying a loaf of bread. Americans think having a gun protects them from break-ins  but reality is when everyone is carrying a gun  it just means you're more likely to be caught in a shootout. Let the police carry guns.February 28, 2012 at 1:04 pm | Reply AbbyHave you ever bought a gun? You have to get a background check. When's the last time you got a background check for buying a loaf of bread?And when seconds count, the police are minutes away.February 28, 2012 at 1:13 pm | Reply Arthur PalidenBecause that is how you solve you problems in the Wild West with a gun. It's in all the movies and is a long standing American tradition.February 28, 2012 at 1:05 pm | Reply PeteOMG, you gun haters are out of your minds, the gun was simply a means to the end for this disturbed child.  The gun did not "speak to the child"  come on!  I can bet there is a nation that leads the world in "school machete killings" somewhere.... It's not the tool used to commit the act..  It's the deranged mind of the PERSON committing the act...February 28, 2012 at 1:05 pm | Reply anonymousanother moron speaksFebruary 28, 2012 at 1:12 pm | Reply Daniel J. TThere's a pretty simple answer for this.  American kids are ***holes.  They are raised by ***hole parents.  They then go to school, and bully kids, specifically because their ***hole parents never taught them how to be a decent human being.  Then the bullied kid, who likely has some psychological problems, probably greatly enhanced by the bullying, snaps.  If kids weren't such spoiled ***holes because of their parents, these problems would diminish.  This doesn't apply for all Americans, obviously.  But certainly more than in any other country, since we're the country who thinks our s**t doesn't stink.February 28, 2012 at 1:06 pm | Reply vahellbillyMy personal three reasons here:1- "Everyone's a winner" philosophykids and young adults cannot handle when they do fail and are told "no"2- Generation Y (actually should be WHY) cannot cope with anything unless they are told "yes" and question everything they are to do3- Generation Why and some older generation types are clueless of how to conflict-resolve unless it is vetted through Facebook (and similar means) as ranting, bullying or just plain trash-talking instead of actual dialogueNotice I do not blame an inanimate object or politics in my reasons for why the US is #1 for school shootings.  I rest the blame where it truly belongs...  Squarely on the shoulders of the most immature, selfish, disrespectful and incompetent generation ever raised in the United States.February 28, 2012 at 1:06 pm | Reply UniteEarthOrderYep, one of the smart few in here today.February 28, 2012 at 7:46 pm | Reply Dave in MassPerhaps blame it on Dr. Spock and Political Correctness?  Society tells us we cannot discipline our children without doing psychological harm to the little darlings.  We aren't supposed to tell them when they've done something wrong without praising them for their "innovativeness."  Teachers are terrified of disciplining their students, or giving them failing (or nearly-failing) grades because "little Johnny or Susie" will be crushed or Mom and Dad will get angry.  People are afraid to identify others who appear to be disturbed for fear they'll be sued by someone.February 28, 2012 at 1:06 pm | Reply JennDDave  I could not agree with you more.  I was going to go on this same rant until I read your post!  We can't tell kids they are wrong, no negativity  "everyone is a winner"!  We've gone too soft as a society, kids no longer no how to lose, or do so gracefully in a society where everyone is king. I could go on and on, but it saddens me really, to watch what things have become.February 28, 2012 at 1:14 pm | Reply Barry G.I wonder whether the fact that the US is number one in such shootings has anything to do with the fact that the US is the number one producer of arms (weapons), whether it has anything to do with the fact that our children watch so much TV (much of which is filled with violence), and whether , and whether it has anything to do with the fact that our legislators serve the interests of the lobbyists, who represent the arms industry, rather than represent the interest s of the people they have sworn to serve and protect!February 28, 2012 at 1:06 pm | Reply vahellbillyA gun or any other weapon is a means to an end for a weak-minded soul...  It takes a person to acquire, load and fire a weapon...February 28, 2012 at 1:09 pm | Reply Barry G.To follow your inane and insipid reasoning and to use your jargon, there are many, many weak-minded souls in this world.Such individuals have no business possessing or coming anywhere near weapons, of any kind!  Unfortunately weapons are abundant in this country, thanks to the arms dealers, their lobbyiests, and our leaders who take their money and support them.The NRA and the arms dealers who lobby our senators and representatives, in order to have a free-hand to sell as many arms as possible, regardless of whether they end up in the hands of weak-minded souls.Think!February 28, 2012 at 4:22 pm | BelgianWomanThe problem is that in the US, every weak-minded soul CAN have a gun! Isn't that asking for trouble?February 28, 2012 at 7:55 pm | Ben FerryFinding where they get the guns is the problem they should not have access to them at home anyone who has a license to carry a firearm should have a safe that they keep their guns in unless they have them on their person. I am very pro gun and second amendment but it is asinine for someone who owns guns to not keep the weapons locked in a safe if they are not using them. The owners of the weapons should be the only ones who know the combination to the safe. Guns don't kill people ignorance by gun owners is what kills people.February 28, 2012 at 1:06 pm | Reply Patrick@Ben FerryFunny thing, I used to keep my guns locked up and then my house was broken into in 2001 (this happened in the middle of the day, as I worked nights at the time) by two black males with guns. One had a pistol the other a shotgun. I had no time to unlock my safe and retrieve my weapon. I began shouting at them and grabbed a baseball bat I had in the hallway. Thankfully they ran without firing a shot. When the police arrived he said I was very lucky and encouraged me to keep my gun loaded and accessible at all times. To this day I do. A may whatever god you worship pity you if you break into my home again. (I have no children in the house)February 28, 2012 at 1:20 pm | Reply Dealwithit8Guns are not the issue if he didn't shoot them then he would have stabbed them, poisoned them, bombed them or ran them over with a carFebruary 28, 2012 at 1:07 pm | Reply chrisUh...maybe because there are a lot more A. people, and B. guns here?February 28, 2012 at 1:07 pm | Reply Marta PaglianniGuns ONLY cause death. Even in the USA more killings are done by cops towards innocent citizens than any other nation including China,  North Korea or Cuba. With citizens is the same. Guns only kill and they learn it from those violent tv shows and  the way cops act in society with the free license to kill.The USA is also the leading country in invading other nations for not reason at all and in the process killing 100s of thousands of innocent folks and  spending billion each week in a war that has no merit.  Main while USA citizens suffer in dealing with an economic bordering to a 3rd world nation.  WHY?  MY god use that $$$ to help each other instead of messing around the world and destroying countries and lives and family values.Other nations, specially Europeans and many South American and Asian nations, invest their wealth in helping each other, making sure that they get free health care and free education which both are much better than the expensive medical care and education that folks in the USA get. Our children are growing up as dumb as they come and are way below most industrialized nation or below many Latin American nations. Why is that?ALso our children in the USA are growing with too much protection. THis is the ONLY NATION that has to apologized 10 times and give thanks and welcome 10 more times. WE even say thank you when there isnt any need for it Boys and girls can't fend for themselves for parents are there to guard them. IF little Johnny falls or small Lisa has to be taken to the dentist we are hugging them or apologizing. HEY WAKE up that is part of life and they need to learn to get tough. When those children keep crying for the room is too dark and they want mommy or daddy in bed with them or when they miss behave yet 10 minutes later you come to hug them, NONE of that is helping them. WE must STOP rewarding bad and poor children's behavior.  Stop appeasing to their wills. Bet tough and be firm so they can respect you, their elders and their peers.  Smack their rear if you must same as the old generations of the 30s-60s That generation knew about respect and the Golden Rule and NOBODY was running around getting even with guns or knives.February 28, 2012 at 1:08 pm | Reply Dealwithit8Guns are not the issue here, guns don't kill people, a person can just as easily be killed with a knife or a bow, or a rock or a car and far more people die in car accidents and swimming pools then by gun, but people are not trying to take away pools or cars, they try to teach people to be more careful with them, and with students teach them to settle things in a less violent way, if anyone ever made fun of me at school, I would go fight them I might not win but even if you only get one punch in they will have more respect for you next time then if you go run to a teacher or run away, we need to teach kids to deal with there problems and face up to bullies not run and tattle or hide like we seem to be advocating.February 28, 2012 at 1:08 pm | Reply Ed JaegerTed Kennedy's car killed far more people than any of my weapons (which I've had access to and used used since grade school) ever did.Of course I also had  involved parents who took the time to actually BE  parents.February 28, 2012 at 1:08 pm | Reply D RussellRE: "If the method to kill was not with guns it would be with something else"  this is an old and silly argument. You can not hope to kill a lot of people with any hope of success with any other weapon than a gun. People survive multiple stab wounds all the time. Do you think many of those purps would have had the guts to attack multiple persons with a knife? The ease of the weapons use is totally ignored by your silly argument. Lots of guns in a society is a contributing factor (especially with American culture) to the misuse of guns and the murder rate. To state otherwise is silly. The best defense of the 2nd ammendment is not to argue that they do not affect murder rates (since they do) it is to accept that this is a trade off for the right to bear arms. Crime stats do no trump rights even in the face of the misuse of those rights by some. It's that simple.February 28, 2012 at 1:09 pm | Reply Ed Jaeger2009 (latest year available) murder rates per 100,000. You assertions that more gun control = fewer homicides isn't supported by the data.California (Hi Gun Control) 5.4Illinois (Hi Gun Control) 8.4New York (Hi Gun Control) 4.0Maryland (Hi Gun Control) 7.7Michigan (Hi Gun Control) 6.3Utah (Low Gun Control) 1.4Alaska ((Low Gun Control) 3.2Arizona (Low Gun Control) 5.5North Dakota (Low Gun Control)  2.0Montana (Low Gun Control) 3.2Sources are the US Census Bureau http://www.census.gov/compendia/statab/2012/tables/12s0308.pdf and the Brady Campaign http://www.bradycampaign.org/xshare/stateleg/scorecard/2011/2011_Brady_Campaign_State_Scorecard_Rankings.pdf.February 28, 2012 at 1:27 pm | Reply Crick RiddleAmerica is also the leader in Paxil prescriptions. hmm... wonder if there's a link?February 28, 2012 at 1:09 pm | Reply Dealwithit8Guns are not the issue here, guns don't kill people, a person can just as easily be killed with a knife or a bow, or a rock or a car and far more people die in car accidents and swimming pools then by gun, but people are not trying to take away pools or cars, they try to teach people to be more careful with them, and with students teach them to settle things in a less violent way, if anyone ever made fun of me at school, I would go fight them I might not win but even if you only get one punch in they will have more respect for you next time then if you go run to a teacher or run away, we need to teach kids to deal with there problems and face up to bullies not run and tattle or hide like we seem to be advocating.................................February 28, 2012 at 1:09 pm | Reply D Russell"Guns are not the issue here, guns don't kill people, a person can just as easily be killed with a knife or a bow, or a rock"Please..... when was the last time you heard of someone killing multiple people with a rock. If you want to defend the Second Ammendment  stop using BS arguments like that. The factors are simply culture, economics, and gun availability. Posting silly arguments about rocks and knives does nothing to support the cause of gun rights.February 28, 2012 at 1:14 pm | Reply ChuckWhy Does America Lead the World in School Shootings?Maybe because we're one of the world's largest countries?February 28, 2012 at 1:09 pm | Reply matty bonesViolent past as well. Country hasn't been around that long. Well I mean as far as calling it USA.  Country was built on gun.February 28, 2012 at 1:12 pm | Reply guestGun laws are the problem. It's too easy for people to get guns legally here. Plus parenting, bullying and revenge and other points stated here although not all the statics are right.February 28, 2012 at 1:27 pm | Reply vahellbillyBy that logic, China should dominate Gold, Silver and Bronze in every event, at every Olympics...  They have more people, right?February 28, 2012 at 1:55 pm | Reply matty bonesSend these kids to snuggle camp. A place where they are forced to give hugs and snugs. :BFebruary 28, 2012 at 1:09 pm | Reply vahellbillyThat is the whole problem...  Too many hugs and the like and not enough discipline and accountability lessons.February 28, 2012 at 1:57 pm | Reply JohnMakes me wonder if the killer would of tried it if he thought the victims were carrying guns too. Back to the wild west we go..February 28, 2012 at 1:09 pm | Reply peterWhat scares me is that NRA is something not a single politician, senator or congressman, dares to challenge, but all comply by default, because otherwise your career is doomed.February 28, 2012 at 1:10 pm | Reply 2/8...because guns are so readily available in the US.February 28, 2012 at 1:11 pm | Reply rrrr llllAsk the NRA.  If there were fewer guns available to kids there would be fewer guns used to kill people by kids.  When I was a kid nobody had a gun and disputes were settled using in other ways and on occasion with fists.  Now a kid just gets a gun and shoots up the other person or people.February 28, 2012 at 1:11 pm | Reply BrandonMaybe a creative solution is to arm the good guys at school; the teachers. Students may be less apt to attempt a school shooting if they know teachers are allowed to carry concealed at school.February 28, 2012 at 1:11 pm | Reply IconoclastThe answer is simple as to why these tragedies are occurring. Our children grow up with a video game mentality combined with very lax gun laws. Most of these kids can't distinguish between fantasy versus the real deal until of course it's too late. I think it's time parents take responsibility for what's going into these young brains and the NRA step up to take responsibility for the social impact of their misguided beliefs. I am a hunter and a gun owner but I will never accept the notion that guns must always be freely available to all people in order for the rights of the responsible to be protected. Nonsense!February 28, 2012 at 1:12 pm | Reply William MarloweBullying is the reason that the 'Majority' of these things happen.  It is not the sole reason but it is the major reason and until you can stop people from being bullied endlessly in school this is going to happen.  The problem is that the media, the police, the schools, and parents don't want to talk about this issue because it points the finger back at the victim.February 28, 2012 at 1:12 pm | Reply peacechildreni believe the only solution is "affordable online" college and/or high school courses LAW.  College courses online are more expensivle than if you attend live at campus.  Parents of childrens and teens that would like their children homeschooled (which is the less riskiest), cannot afford to stay home and supervise their homeschooled children.  However, make it affordable (a choice) for parents to have their children/teens to finish school online!!!February 28, 2012 at 1:19 pm | Reply TillyAMEN! And until we are strong enough to do that, this is going to continue and do nothing but get worse. I would bet anything that almost every school shooting and most teen suicides are a result of bullying. People that say bullying is a part of growing up, or that we are weakening our children by making a fuss over bullying are full of crap. If you were treated by co-workers the way these kids treat each other, NOT ONLY would the bully be fired, but you would sue them. We have to start being honest about the problem and face it head on, or this will only get worse.February 28, 2012 at 1:30 pm | Reply laskaWhy?  Three words: Access to guns.  Duh.February 28, 2012 at 1:13 pm | Reply proncoEasy access to guns doesn't help the situation, but it's not the root of the problem and it shouldn't be the focus, either. The destruction of American childhood, closely followed by our violent and uncaring culture, is why the kids are starting to go nuts. Google Canadian addiction psychologist Gabor Mate and read all about it.February 28, 2012 at 1:17 pm | Reply Anti_FareedAmericans have shown their desire to rule the world.  Colonizing, invading, occupying, bullying, enforcing lopsided policies using force if necessary, etc.  No one should be surprised at the school shooting statistics because by default, violence is embedded into American culture since the first day of its 200+ years history.February 28, 2012 at 1:13 pm | Reply proncoAn excellent article, but please try to be more accurate with your facts. If you do not count the shooter himself, 32 professors and students were killed at Virginia Tech, not 37. Also, the Tech shooter was not a "kid" as you imply. He was around 23.February 28, 2012 at 1:13 pm | Reply vahellbillyThe VA Tech shooter, was another Generation Y (WHY???) P.O.S.February 28, 2012 at 2:01 pm | Reply DeanWhy?  Guns are more common in the United States than any non-Third World country except Israel.  Gun culture thrives in the United States. Children are bombarded from an early age with the idea that guns are the best answer to protection issues.  Why?  Go figure.February 28, 2012 at 1:14 pm | Reply faulpelz HoustonWho is the %$^@ idiot AceRyder at the top? Haven't I heard his rant since the fifties? It's a joke, this gun-ho rant, on anyone who can recite the alphabet and chew gum simultaneously. Let's do this kids. Let's give a gun to EVERYONE, including ol' granny, and we'll have one big last shoot out on the green. Last man standing, heh? Or, God forbid, woman. Wouldn't want that to happen in Texas. As far as this beleaguered bacchanal harbinger is concerned, you can bury yourself in guns. It won't make any difference if someone lights you up with a nuclear bomb.February 28, 2012 at 1:14 pm | Reply gamAmerica is a gun crazy NRA country thier r gun nuts who love their gunS more than their family.February 28, 2012 at 1:15 pm | Reply matty bonesSometimes it is bad parenting but you have to remember that some people are just born crazy.  Like Sociopath's.February 28, 2012 at 1:15 pm | Reply proncoThe "bad parenting" excuse is valid to some degree but it implies that society itself is totally off the hook, which it's not.February 28, 2012 at 1:18 pm | Reply matty bonesI agree with that.  I was raised in a messed up violent, drug dealing household.  I don't wanna kill anyone. I got lucky and met good people.February 28, 2012 at 1:22 pm | peacechildrenPlease, state, federal legislators, pass a law to make it "affordable" for high school students to complete their high school (online) if their parents have a need to work fulltime.  Unfortunately, many parents cannot afford to homeschool their children.  Also, "affordable online" college degrees.  Please help our teens and our college students.  AFFORDABLE virtual education now!!!February 28, 2012 at 1:16 pm | Reply ChrisSimple lack of parenting.February 28, 2012 at 1:16 pm | Reply matty bonesHow do you know it wasn't that in combo with maybe a mental disorder that he was born with.  Never assume.  Unless you llive that life you just never really know.  I had a bad life and I don't wanna kill anyone.February 28, 2012 at 1:20 pm | Reply TylerGloria: Do you know that sixty percent of all deaths in America are caused by guns?Archie Bunker: Would it make you feel any better, little girl, if they was pushed out of windows?February 28, 2012 at 1:18 pm | Reply jonashey, at least the us ranked internationally #1 in something!  first time in quite a while!February 28, 2012 at 1:18 pm | Reply JohnCome on NRA, why don't you host a convention in this town??February 28, 2012 at 1:19 pm | Reply AshleyIt happens because there is no honor left in mainstream America !February 28, 2012 at 1:19 pm | Reply Anti_FareedThere weren't any to begin with.  Since first day of their history, "Americans", as we know it, have gotten where they are through violence.  More specifically, they have taken by force of what didn't belong to them from other countries.February 28, 2012 at 1:24 pm | Reply scarlottiwhy does the author of the article claim that Columbine killers weren't bullied? it's obviously not true  they were bullied and one of the killers admit it himself in one of the videos.. please, get facts straight.February 28, 2012 at 1:19 pm | Reply Eugene DennisI grew up with loaded guns in my house including a gun rack in the living room with 3 loaded shotguns.  Never once did I feel the need to take one and aim at someone let alone want to kill someone. Most kids in rural America have access to guns and probably hunt unsupervised and they don't kill people.   Access to weapons is not the cause.  Parenting is part of it.  This kid has a violent parent.  Our culture of violent video games and movies and lack of overall respect for life has to play some part as well.  We're no longer allowed to punish kids for bad behavior at school or teach morality. The list goes on, but it's easier to blame the guns.February 28, 2012 at 1:19 pm | Reply CaseyBullies and access to guns.  What do they mean these individuals were not bullied?  It's displayed ll over their computers, diaries, and the few friends they have. Also, we will never know, because they usually kill themselves and I'm sure they'll paint a different story than their classmates will on TV.  I know bullying is part of growing up, but it can drive a person mad.  I was bullied everyday and had to move to different city.  I never thought about shooting up a school, but I always wished and hoped that my bus driver would pass out and drive off a cliff with all of us on board killing everyone.  I was just a kid and of course do not think that way now, but at the time it did. Kids can be just so cruel.February 28, 2012 at 1:20 pm | Reply CassadyAnother day, another dead kid. Thank you NRA.February 28, 2012 at 1:21 pm | Reply VickiWhat garbage written by a liberal .  There are so many causes for these shootings the least of which we should blame on guns.  How about the Godlessness of our society?  Bad parenting?February 28, 2012 at 1:22 pm | Reply matty bonesMaybe it is the fantasy land of god based bull crap that you people will fight to the end to keep going.  It's just a dream. Time to wake up Viki.  Liberals don't kill people.  Repubs Do.  This just in.February 28, 2012 at 1:26 pm | Reply MontjoeThere are guns everywhere.  Parents are 'too' busy to see what is happening in their child's lives and be part of it . . . . And the 'war' and 'crime' games are now part of everyday of every child's life. There is also have a court system that will benefit the criminal and not the victim. . .February 28, 2012 at 1:22 pm | Reply mahmoud el-darwish"Violent role models"Violent role models, on the street, in the cinema, in the news, have been with us for as long as I recall, and are not limited to America. Back in the '60s, an American counter culture leader said, "Violence is as American as cherry pie." But other parts of the world, such as Northern Ireland, the Balkans, the children's armies of Africa, the terrorist camps of the Middle East, have their violent role models. Machismo is not an American word, nor is Hooligan."You are clearly white-washing America's reputation. Why not put teeth in your nebulous approximations with facts. Show us a table that plots US school crimes against other 'industrialized nations' ?February 28, 2012 at 1:22 pm | Reply davetharaveWhat ?!? Why is US #1 in school shootings? Simple  we're #1 in guns. It's hard to shoot somebody if you don't have a gun.February 28, 2012 at 1:23 pm | Reply Morkyou dont see this stuff happening nearly as much in countries where gun control is stricter. Coincidence? I think not.February 28, 2012 at 1:23 pm | Reply Ed JaegerSo stricter gun control = fewer homicides? Nice theory but it isn't supported out by the info.Homicides per 100k people:California (Hi Gun Control) 5.4Illinois (Hi Gun Control) 8.4New York (Hi Gun Control) 4.0Maryland (Hi Gun Control) 7.7Michigan (Hi Gun Control) 6.3Utah (Low Gun Control) 1.4Alaska ((Low Gun Control) 3.2Arizona (Low Gun Control) 5.5North Dakota (Low Gun Control)  2.0Montana (Low Gun Control) 3.2Sources are the US Census Bureau http://www.census.gov/compendia/statab/2012/tables/12s0308.pdf and the Brady Campaign http://www.bradycampaign.org/xshare/stateleg/scorecard/2011/2011_Brady_Campaign_State_Scorecard_Rankings.pdf.February 28, 2012 at 1:31 pm | Reply D RussellInteresting statistics  but you have cherry picked. Even though the numbers are per capita, you do not take into account population density or demographics (young people commit more crimes). Comparing a cow patch with New York is silly. The Greater New York Area alone has more people than some entire states you quote. Try comparing similar sized towns and small  cities in both states and see what your numbers give you.February 28, 2012 at 2:51 pm | Wiley in CATwo words:  metal detector.February 28, 2012 at 1:23 pm | Reply matty bonesThen my head would go off everytime.  February 28, 2012 at 1:33 pm | Reply madhukarwhy USA is no.1 in school shootings???, are u guys blind, guns are sold like candys in stores, I really think freedom to posses ammunitions is the worst things that USA has ever did. lets ask ourself a honest questions, does is it safe if there are no guns at all in streets or every one has guns in their hands, lest answer it yourself. I dont believe safty with arms at everyone hand.February 28, 2012 at 1:23 pm | Reply EasyWait, I'm confused....guns are not allowed at schools so how in the world was there a shooting at a school again?  Didn't the school have signs up saying "no guns".  The bad guys should have seen the signs and not entered with a gun.February 28, 2012 at 1:24 pm | Reply timi believe it is the discipline. The United States of America has became so soft that parents are not allowed to discipline their kids without someone yelling abuse. Well as long as kids can do as they please we are going to have issues in schools and in public we can't even get these kids to pull up their pants no one wants to see the butts or even their underwear but then again these kids are the ones following after their parents. The ones who are or have been in prisons. Disicipline needs to be given and given swift not 20 to 30 years after the crime they commetted. death row inmates have and are setting there for this long we need to correct this issue and start excuting them faster so people see there is justice being done for wrong doings.February 28, 2012 at 1:24 pm | Reply wowlfieThat's simpleit's #1 in bullying.  It's still as rampant as every in schools as kids tease and abuse other kids.February 28, 2012 at 1:24 pm | Reply BehonestMaybe it has to do with the fact that it is so easy for the whole country to get guns. Oh no, not according to the NRA, it's not the guns fault...February 28, 2012 at 1:27 pm | Reply debBecause you can buy a gun as easy as a pack of gum. Because the NRA sleeps with DC.February 28, 2012 at 1:28 pm | Reply TachomanThe U.S. claim to have a sane gun culture but nowadays when people can get their hands on fully automated guns or assault rifles at gun shows, one can see how the big gun makers have perverted that culture of responsibility that goes hand in hand with a gun.These school shootings could have been prevented in a number of ways but the tool by which thay happened should have been locked and every member of the household told about the danger and responsibility of handling guns.Guns are a right but lax regulations about them only invites to tragedies like this. Want to keep your gun? Behave like an adult with them or else accept them being taken away.February 28, 2012 at 1:28 pm | Reply Dumb AmericansWe legalize guns but wonder why we have the highest $ of school shootings??  idiots.February 28, 2012 at 1:29 pm | Reply Laura Bradley-SeaquestThat's not really true (and you probably know this). There are many countries which have legalized guns that don't have near the same level of gun violence. It's not about guns it's about culture. And America is a very very very large country with some very aggressive people. It's what makes America great! We have literally hundreds of millions of steroid-filled, aggressive, physically fit teenage boys who can't wait to go invade other countries. All we have to do is give them a uniform and tell them to go to England and shoot anything in sight! Then you'll see why AMERICA is the greatest!!! We are the greatest most magnificent more terrifying country on the FACE OF THE EARTH!February 28, 2012 at 1:33 pm | Reply vahellbillyDid someone miss their Lithium dosage today??February 28, 2012 at 2:06 pm | Africa UniteAnswer: because America is the largest white country in the world.February 28, 2012 at 1:29 pm | Reply TachomanLast time I checked Africa had daily shootouts and the most recent genocide attempts between tribes.But who cares?February 28, 2012 at 6:07 pm | Reply Laura Bradley-SeaquestBe proud of who you are America! Never give up, never surrender! The answer is simple: The U.S. is a very very very large country! It is 500 times larger than France, Germany, Spain, and England combined. There are over 50 cities in the U.S. that are 10 times larger than London or Paris. Considering the vast size of the U.S. it's a miracle we don't see this more often! So, stop worrying America is the greatest country in so many ways but we are also the largest so of course you'll see things like this. It's simple probability and has nothing to do with being American.February 28, 2012 at 1:30 pm | Reply Marta PaglianniHOw can you say that the USA is 500 times larger than all those nations? When was the last time you saw a map?The USA is only better in guns and killing people and invading other lands for not reason at all. Better education and free=EuropeBetter medical care and free= EuropeBetter life style= EuropeBetter food and less fat folks= EuropeLess crime and safety=EuropeBetter cars=EuropeBetter Mass transportation= EuropeI love the USA but we can learn so much from Europe!!February 28, 2012 at 1:35 pm | Reply vahellbillyMan, you just spout to spout don't you?!?! London and Paris have over 22 million combined alone...  What US cities are you referring too?!?!February 28, 2012 at 2:12 pm | Reply madhukarI really dont understand even after hundreds of thousands of peoplebeing killed each year, theres still no motion in law makers to ban the guns on streets. lets face it if the children who supposed to goto school are shooting like a bunch of gangsters on streets who to blame, shame on the law makers. and the worst part is we always have a gun show some where around like a animal show in zoo.February 28, 2012 at 1:31 pm | Reply AlecEifelThe only one true difference between the U.S. and other countries is access to guns.  We have the loosest gun control laws of any other sovereign state.  If we want to continue to have this "right", then we must live with the consequences.  Plain and simple.  Better parenting, bullying prevention programs, limiting access to drugs, combating mental illness and better roll models are all things that other countries face as well.  While we should be doing these things anyway, the only way to stop gun violence is to ban guns.February 28, 2012 at 1:31 pm | Reply oscarMaybe because we're #1 in guns? Perchance? Hmmm?February 28, 2012 at 1:32 pm | Reply Joe SixpackUSA is #1! U-S-A! U-S-A!February 28, 2012 at 1:32 pm | Reply OldSchoolWeapons have been around forever. Decline of religion,morals,and discipline is the proplem.February 28, 2012 at 1:33 pm | Reply JeffUmmm...you lead the world in school shootings because you lead the world in every kind of shooting.  Shooting each other is what Americans do, and they do it better than anyone else.February 28, 2012 at 1:33 pm | Reply ClearThinkinOnce again CNN puts an anti-gun spin on an article and everyone jumps on the "lets get rid of guns" train. Lets consider two points real quick.One -Damn near everyone has a gun in Israel and they are very accessible but they have almost no gun violence.Two  England has ban all guns, and their an island, so even a lot easier to control importation of such things, and there still have a problem of guns in the criminals hands.Explain that is getting rid of guns with solve our problem?February 28, 2012 at 1:35 pm | Reply MeMelvinIf ridding the world of all weapons was really possible, we humans would have already done it. But it is not possible. Options involve:Retreating to locations which have lower (but not complete freedom from ) weapons abuse and violence.  Those may be tough to find in the USA. Stop prepetuating the myth that "if they have a gun, I need one too". Mutual Assured Destruction didn't work, nor will localized militia albeit specfically addressed in the Second Amendment.  (When was the last time you read a story about a local militia actually doing some good?)Newt's moon colony.  Provided Dick Cheney doesn't hunt there.February 28, 2012 at 1:50 pm | Reply MeMelvinThis is one of the main reasons my wife and I decided to have our children attend an American school outside of the USA.  Without going into all the positive reasons for our decision, it is sufficent to say that the academics are better, the school year longer, the school grounds more secure, the parents much more involved and the school has a "no nonsense policy".  Mess up and you are out!Our family is not disloyal to the USA.  In fact, one of my distance relatives arrived in the USA pre-Revolutionary War. But just as he came to the colonies seeking a better and securer life, we are seeking the same.  At least for our children.  My wife and I may never leave the USA, but we are encouraging our children to open their minds and talents to the world.  The new immigrates!February 28, 2012 at 1:35 pm | Reply Publius NovusBecause knives aren't as efficient as guns.February 28, 2012 at 1:36 pm | Reply boredalreadyBoy am I glad Mr. Fareed Zakamakaflakagakka wrote this article. I think I'll print it, I need to use the bathroom.February 28, 2012 at 1:36 pm | Reply Eugene DennisI just did a quick google of "death by baseball bat" and counted 10 on the first page all in the last year.  One in which a couple was killed.  I don't see an outcry to eliminate the Louisville Slugger!February 28, 2012 at 1:37 pm | Reply PeaceOnEarthIt is when humanity realizes that we know nothing about anything, is when we will truly learn to appreciate our own existence in the universe. Until then, we will continue to kill each other (or ourselves) in order to prove our knowledge of something, we know nothing about.February 28, 2012 at 1:38 pm | Reply redlensesExactly, why aren't we number 1!  We are letting someone beat us.February 28, 2012 at 1:38 pm | Reply fuzzboxxyou knowwhy the people who are against guns will never succeed?because the people who are for guns, HAVE GUNS.February 28, 2012 at 1:38 pm | Reply PeteAccess to firearms?February 28, 2012 at 1:38 pm | Reply GrampaThe ready availability of guns, legal or not, to crazed teens is obviously a major factor in school shootings. But banning guns, while an obvious solution as clearly shown in Great Britain, is not possible in America. There are simply too many of them in the hands of citizens. You might as well try to ban toothbrushes. The next best solution is one based on enforcible  laws designed to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and children combined with the kind of peer pressure that makes inappropriate gun-toting socially unacceptable and something nobody would be afraid or otherwise reluctant to report.February 28, 2012 at 1:39 pm | Reply FaceIf the child got the guns from their parents, or whoever.... they should be charged as accessories to the fact. If you going to own guns, keep them out of your kids hands, or face the music as though you did the killings yourself.February 28, 2012 at 1:39 pm | Reply 1stAmerica needs true Christian Values, not the Social Conservative view of Christian Values. Since America's founding, "how many of the TEN COMMANDMENTS" did America obey or follow? The 1st, NO, 2nd, NO 3rd NO, 4th NO, 5th NO, 6th NO, 7th NO, 8th NO, 9th NO, 10th NO. Oh well lets continue with the CHANGE we received from the 44th and pay no mind to those who pay us no mind. He believe like Whitney, bless her soul, the CHILDREN ARE OUR FUTURE. "TEACH THEM WELL AND LET THEM LEAD THE WAY. Jesus never carried the gun (Death's Tool) and the BIBLE (THE RIGHTEOUS WORD.) His WORD was met with DEEDS. Wisdom is given to act wisely, not to speak wisely, that's what the master of deception & father of lies does and his children.February 28, 2012 at 1:40 pm | Reply RonnyThat's it...teach our children that the sky is green when it's obviously blue.  Yeah, that's it.  Hey, 1st....it's hypocritical and psychotic views as yours that gets our children into trouble in the first place.  I'll give you the real solution: hey parents, how about you start parenting!?!?  Because the very second your 1st child is born, it's no longer about you; it's now ALL about your children from then, on.  Anything less...and you have what happened in Ohio.February 28, 2012 at 1:46 pm | Reply 1st@Ronny, Please explain your position on where and what I was wrong about. Thanks, no hard feelings LOVE IS LOVE ALWAYS.February 28, 2012 at 2:42 pm | RonnyWhy is the US #1 in school shootings?  Really???  Easy...in the land of the NRA and gun-loving macho thugs who tout the long-irrelevant and archaic right to own guns, it's this hateful mentality that continues to put guns into the hands of criminals.  After all, compare how many times guns are used for self defense compared to guns used for criminal offenses?  I rest my case, you scared frightened little conservatives.February 28, 2012 at 1:41 pm | Reply rell87Guns save a hell of alot more lives then they take. It is proven time and time again. Pull your head out of your butt and stop reading liberal lies on CNN and do some real research on the Facts.February 28, 2012 at 1:49 pm | Reply rell87It is clearly CNN's fault. We have had the right to bear arms for well over 2 centuries, yet we didnt have a problem with school shootings until the last few decades. What changed? CNN came on the air. Surely that is not a coincidence?February 28, 2012 at 1:43 pm | Reply JennIts's more frequent in the US because the teachers and the school systems don't care about these kids and bullying and don't do anything about it until their precious schools get shot up. My son has been bullied for 3 years now even attacked coming home and he's only 11 do you think his school has done anything???" HEll NO!!! he's on medication for ulcers and stomach issues but if I don't send him to school to help him I go to jail!!! You want your kids to stay safe at school then the schools are going to actually have to care.. How many times do you think his parents tried to complain to the school and finally had to say alright but once he snaps dont call me.. I fight at least once a week with my son's school they don't care!!!!!February 28, 2012 at 1:44 pm | Reply Harry WortzTeach your son to stand up the bullies.  Sure he'll take a few whippings but running and hiding makes it worse.February 28, 2012 at 1:50 pm | Reply alexi just wanted to point out how ridiculous it is that the writer of this piece insists the columbine killers were not bullied.  they were social outcasts and frequent targets of bullying.  just because it's not as apparent in high school or because they seemed to have other motivations doesn't negate the build up of resentment and hate from ostracization by your peers.  certainly they had other issues at well but minimizing the impact of bullying is dangerous.  "there is no evidence" of american youths bullying each other more than any other country?  we are one of the most diverse countries in the world and this diversity manifests itself in our schools; often students subtly bully or tease each other because of cultural or socioeconomic differences, and this bullying and teasing is often ignored by adults or teachers as "part of high school".  by ignoring approaches which allow kids to understand and accept differences in lifestyle and culture and instead attributing the problems more to gun control, mental illnesses, etc., we're putting a band-aid on a gaping wound.February 28, 2012 at 1:44 pm | Reply John Black Hills/SDIf you don't know the answer to this question, you haven't looked at American culture today. If you don't see it, you're not looking.February 28, 2012 at 1:45 pm | Reply KennyBecause times are tough, people are taking it out on their kids when they get home from work and in turn, their kids are unloading it elsewhere. Sad but true!February 28, 2012 at 1:46 pm | Reply MatthewFor those people touting increased control as the answer, I ask how that will solve anything.In all states except Vermont, it is illegal for a minor under the age of 18 to possess a handgun or rifle.  (VT allows ages 16 and up.)  Therefore, existing gun law already prohibits these kids from owning the weapons that they're using.This means that either they're acquiring the weapons illegally (in which case increased gun control will automatically fail to resolve the problem) or they're using a weapon owned by someone else (in which case the owner of the weapon should be held criminally negligent for not securing the gun adequately).February 28, 2012 at 1:47 pm | Reply david michaelProhibition didn't work to remove alcohol from home.  It did strengthen the mafia.  The "war on drugs" didn't stop the use of drugs, but did strengthen gangs.  The war on guns with only strengthen a new class of criminals.  The problem is the school is disease of the brain.  In America, we treat mental illness like demonic possession or a will power problem "just think happy thought and you will think that way."  We know that isn't based on fact.  But, we allow health insurance companies to limit "mental health" treatment while they would never be allowed to limit strep throat treatment or any other illness save illness of the brain.  Until we acknowledge that the brain can get sick, we will remain victims of this sort of crime.February 28, 2012 at 1:47 pm | Reply kolohegirlDavid,This is not an either/or situation.  Mental health is a problem AND so is access to guns.  I come from a country where citizens cannot own guns.  The criminals have to pay hefty prices for guns, and yes gun deaths do occur; but only in the crimninal element.  Here in the U.S. gun deaths occur every day in situations raging from accidental to crimes of passion.  The amount of shootings simply would not be as many if guns were not so easily accessible.February 28, 2012 at 1:52 pm | Reply Harry WortzHow many warning signs and cries for help did this young man exhibit before picking up the firearm?  But, conveniently the firearm gets the blame while those that chose not to confront the problem are not.  Blaming the firearm for killing is akin to blaming the shovel when the handle breaks.February 28, 2012 at 1:47 pm | Reply AlecEifelThis makes no sense.  Check you analogies please.February 28, 2012 at 1:49 pm | Reply Harry WortzWhat doesn't make sense about it.  The firearm didn't fire itself any more than the shovel broke its own handle.  But, there was a reason why the firearm was fired and why the handle to the shovel was broken and in neither case was it the tool's doing.February 28, 2012 at 1:52 pm | AlecEifelIs this what our forefathers really wanted...everybody owning an AK-47 and killing eachother?  I'm fine with muskets and hunting rifles but do we really need to keep semi-automatics, etc. legal?  As smart as our forefathers were, I don't think they ever dreamed that guns would evolve into the mass-killing machines they are today.  It's amazing how strong the gun lobby is.  The fact that this debate never even occurred after Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords shooting is proof.February 28, 2012 at 1:47 pm | Reply Harry WortzIn the Gifford's shooting the young man exhibited many signs of problems long before he picked up the handgun.  Society failed him by not providing help when it was obvious it was needed.Blaming the firearm is lazy.February 28, 2012 at 1:55 pm | Reply TaterThis just in "Cars kill more people thAn guns!!!" LETS BAN ALL CARS THEY ARE TO DANGEROUS!!!!!!Get a grip people...a gun is a tool period! It's not the guns faul.  Making a personal fire arm illegal will do nothing, but make a bunch of law abiding citizens criminals.  Sound familiar?!?! It's pretty much what we are dong with drugs.This was a sad incident...my money is on the 4 boys bullying the shooter and he finally snapped.  For some reason our society thinks it's OK marginalize and put down others.  Well this is what happens when we loose respect for our fellow man.  Everybody deserves a certain amount of respect and kindness.February 28, 2012 at 1:48 pm | Reply kolohegirlWhy?? All of the reasons mentioned in the article PLUS easy access to the easiest weapon to use that provides instant satisfaction. I wonder how many people shoot and then realize "uh-oh" but by then it's too late.  Guns make killers out of people who would normally not have the courage to take it that far. Guns make it tooooooo easy. Kids unfortunately do not understand the finality of death.February 28, 2012 at 1:49 pm | Reply BigDaddyToo bad it isnt China.. The question could be  Why are Cleaver attacked number 1 in Chinese schools?Its simple we are Monkeys and enjoy violenceFebruary 28, 2012 at 1:49 pm | Reply Marta PaglianniEven in China that is RARE.February 28, 2012 at 1:55 pm | Reply flyskybirdWay too much violence on TV and video games. Violence breeds Violence.February 28, 2012 at 1:50 pm | Reply Dorothea777Guns have been part of the American scene for as long as this nation has existed.  School shootings are a recent phenomena, a generation ago they were unheard of.  What we have here is a People problem, not a weapon problem, and so long as the focus is on guns, the people problem will remain unsolved.February 28, 2012 at 1:50 pm | Reply The REAL Truth...No Dorothy.. your not in Kansas anymore. We HAVE a GUN PROBLEM. I'm not talking responsible gun owners, I'm talking an over-abundance of easily accessible KILLING machines  HAND GUNS.By all means take the NRA approach and mantra, but fact is fact. You do not go hunting with a hand gun. They are designed to kill people and should be controlled just like access/ownership of explosives.February 28, 2012 at 5:57 pm | Reply Nowie963There is a gun problem and this coupled with irresponsible parenting and a myriad of other contributory factors, we will continue to have this problem in our schools and other places!February 29, 2012 at 1:51 pm | Reply LilaMost humans are narcissistic people who view themselves as victims and believe violence is an option for being wronged. The difference in the US is smaller families without the close family and community ties which often leaves people to suffer alone and many go nuts. In other countries, there are plenty of siblings, cousins and other people in the community who are a support system.February 28, 2012 at 1:53 pm | Reply mofoi think it always comes back to parenting.  Where are parents priorities these days?  Be involved with your children. Put down the laptop, iphone all the distractions and do your job.February 28, 2012 at 1:53 pm | Reply JoshNot saying bullying is a reason to kill- but the Columbine killers were indeed bullied. Maybe it wasn't to a horrible extent, but they were definitely looked down upon, pushed around, and treated as outcasts because of their taste in clothes, music, etc. Please don't read Dave Cullen's Columbine booksit's completely full of crap.February 28, 2012 at 1:54 pm | Reply PritkaNothing could make me more anxious to read this book than your request for me NOT to read it. Are you Mr. Cullen's publisher?February 28, 2012 at 2:07 pm | Reply Marta PaglianniGuns ONLY cause death. Even in the USA more killings are done by cops towards innocent citizens than any other nation including China,  North Korea or Cuba. With citizens is the same. Guns only kill and they learn it from those violent tv shows and  the way cops act in society with the free license to kill and the poor education they are getting at home. Hugging little Billy and small Susie 20 times a day and telling the how special they are and rewarding them over and over for bad behavior isn't doing the trick. Use that belt if you must instead of apologizing or hugging those kids so much. Make them respect you , the elders and peers. TEll the teachers to be tough on them too and kind when it must. The USA is also the leading country in invading other nations for not reason at all and in the process killing 100s of thousands of innocent folks  and  spending billion each week in a war that has no merit.  Main while USA citizens suffer in dealing with an economic bordering to a 3rd world nation.  WHY?  MY gosh  use that $$$ to help each other instead of messing around the world and destroying countries and lives and families.Other nations, specially Europeans and many South American and Asian nations, invest their wealth in helping each other, making sure that they get free health care and free education which both are much better than the expensive medical care and education that folks in the USA get. Our children are growing up as dumb as they come and are way below most industrialized nation or below many Latin American nations.When I was 8 yrs old growing up in Europe I knew 3 languages and knew all the capitals in the world and where each nation was.  Same way with many children there today.  Why is that?ALso our children in the USA are growing with too much protection. THis is the ONLY NATION that has to apologized 10 times and give thanks and welcome 10 more times. WE even say thank you when there isnt any need for it.  Boys and girls can't fend for themselves for parents are there to guard them. IF little Johnny falls or small Lisa has to be taken to the dentist we are hugging  or apologizing to them. HEY WAKE up that is part of life and they need to learn to get tough. When those children keep crying for the room is too dark and they want mommy or daddy in bed with them or when they miss behave yet 10 minutes later you come to hug them, NONE of that is helping them. A small cut on the finger is just that so dont treat it like a broken arm. IF they fall down let them get up, trust me they will do so. By helping them 100% we are making them weak and wont have the tools to be strong when facing a bully at school or at work. WE must STOP rewarding bad and poor children's behavior.  Stop appeasing to their wills. Bet tough and be firm so they can respect you, their elders and their peers.  Smack their rear if you must same as the old generations of the 30s-60s That generation knew about respect and the Golden Rule and NOBODY was running around getting even with guns or knives.February 28, 2012 at 1:54 pm | Reply Tony BowlingI am offering an observation, not an opinion: Nearly every school shooting and other seemingly motiveless group shooting has two very distinct factors: The obvious one is guns are available but the key one is that the shooter is on or has recently been on mind controlling medications. Not street drugs. Something given to "help" the person. You will either see this info in the initial report or later on at the trial or something. It may even be "he was diagnosed as having ADD" which nearly always means he/she was put on meds. And no, I do not care that you think meds helped you or your best friend. These incidents mostly happen with drugs. FACT.February 28, 2012 at 1:55 pm | Reply Marta PaglianniLots of ADD children in Europe and LAtin America and Asia yet they dont go around shooting and killing ala OK CORRAL!!February 28, 2012 at 1:57 pm | Reply Tony BowlingThe amount of drugs prescribed to US kids is significantly higher (and there is access to guns).February 28, 2012 at 2:41 pm | rickp530My father had guns in our home while I was growing up. There were bullies in those days just as there are today. I got bullied several times during school. Did I get a gun? No! I told my father about the problem and he showed me a few boxing moves. The next time the guy picked on me, he got his butt beat by me. I was never bothered again.February 28, 2012 at 1:55 pm | Reply All4HimThe main reason is this country has turned away from GOD and allowewd minorities to change us from a Godly nation to a ungodly nation by first taking prayer out of schools!!!!!!!!!!!February 28, 2012 at 1:55 pm | Reply Marta PaglianniYOu are wrong!! Europe or Asia or Latin America doesnt allow god or religion in schools yet they are not killing each other.February 28, 2012 at 1:59 pm | Reply jayWhy does America lead the world in school shootings? Maybe because we sell weapons like Candy at Wallmart or any convenient strore.February 28, 2012 at 1:56 pm | Reply frank stephenDrunk driving, cell phone use while driving, smoking all kill people and nothing is done about this. We cut school programs and build more jails.  As long as there's money to be made, political officials will vote for a buck!February 28, 2012 at 1:56 pm | Reply PritkaIf we were to punish gun owners that allow their guns to be used in criminal activities, would it cause gun owners to better control access to their guns? If a gun is used in a school shooting and the gun was taken from a family member or a neighbor who did not secure a weapon and that gun owner then had to face revocation of his/her gun permit and a substantial fine, would guns be less accessible to children? If the gun had not been reported as stolen and was used in a criminal action, this would indicate the gun owner was responsible in part for the commission of the crimeand would face charges. This would allow the 2nd amendment folks to retain all their rights but also shoulder some responsibility.February 28, 2012 at 1:57 pm | Reply Harry WortzWhat about all the people that failed to take action when it became apparent that the young man had problems?  They should shoulder some responsibility as well.Blaming the firearm alone is lazy.February 28, 2012 at 2:00 pm | Reply PritkaI was going for effective, I am thinking you want to protect gun owners at all costs...I want to protect children. Lazy is what we have all been by doing nothing about a child or teenager's access to guns.February 28, 2012 at 2:10 pm | Harry WortzI don't believe in punishing the majority for the actions of the minority.If those that saw the problems had acted proactively then this possibly could have been avoided.  Again, blaming the firearm is a lazy way out.February 28, 2012 at 2:14 pm | Reply PritkaWinnowing out and treating 'at risk' youths was already done in this case. This shooter was already being educated at an 'at risk' school so some people were aware that this boy had some serious problems. None of us can predict the behavior of others. If I am being lazy in your opinion because I would rather make it much more difficult for these CHILDREN to get guns, then fine with me. I will do the lazy thing. I am going to do my best to see to it that gun owners shoulder responsibility when their guns are used in shootings. If this causes gun owners to be much more careful about where they put their guns and how they secure them, then this LAZY person will have saved some lives.February 28, 2012 at 2:29 pm | The REAL Truth...No Harry.. your NRA / 2A "right" is the lazy way out. I seen this in so many comments and the pro-gun lobby is CONSTANTLY up-chucking the "guns don;t kill people..." crap. They do, or least the lead emitted from them does. Sure people pull the trigger, but the gun does the killing.The lazy way out is to blame everything BUT the gun, and use the 2A as a crutch. You (and the rest of the pro-gun posters here) can spin it any way you want, but the abundance of HAND GUNS (whose only purpose is to KILL) is way too prevalent and accessible. It's really hard to KILL two 17-yr olds with a brick, a 24 or a knife in a school cafeteria. Perhaps we should let everyone who passes a background check have access to C4 and TNT. After all, using it to blow up the entire cafeteria wouldn't be the fault of the C4 being readily available would it. It would still be the kids fault right? How far would that argument go in educated circles??February 28, 2012 at 6:07 pm | ErinI'm not a big gun guy, but I can see the folly of trying to control guns.  The criminals don't obey the laws anyway, so more laws just enables the criminals to do more bad because the public is disarmed.  Britain has a big problem with it right now and the police can't keep up.  You can't stop all killings ever, but you certainly will prevent more by havnig guns, than trying to get rid of them.February 28, 2012 at 1:58 pm | Reply Wellif that's the case how in the world to you explain the difference in violent crime involving guns US compared to England.no guns = less gun violence.You will never get ride of all of them...but everyone with a weapon is NOT the answer.February 28, 2012 at 2:04 pm | Reply Harry WortzOf course fewer firearms will relate to less firearm violence but does it curb violence?  Why punish the vast majority of firearms owners for the stupidity of very very few.February 28, 2012 at 2:12 pm | john summerGUNS, GUNS and GUNS. It`s that simple. Control guns and there will be no mass murder.February 28, 2012 at 1:59 pm | Reply JamesWhen the gun control starts thats when the mass murders will begin...since the beginning of time people have kept weapons to protect themselves....it hasn't been until the last 25 years that it has become the norm for random killings like we are seeing...But I grew up watching Leave it to Beaver and Roy Rogers...and nothing in those type shows made you feel angry or out of place...today kids minds are subject to some of the most horrible things you can imagine on tv and on a regular basis....I do not own a gun!  But I certainly see the need in haveing one to protect myself and my family...February 28, 2012 at 2:18 pm | Reply Bill BruneWhen I was a kid, there would be a fist fight in grade school, once there was a fight, either you got along or you didn't talk to one another, but you didn't habor the same anger year after year after year.  Sometimes it took a couple of fights. Hell, kids can't even play tag in most schools. You can keep talking about catching the bully, but the anger will build until puff, another school shooting.  PS, sensationalizing it on national media can get anyone noticed... even a quiet kid who doesn't fit in...enough said.February 28, 2012 at 1:59 pm | Reply RichardBecause we are the idiots that are armed to the teeth.February 28, 2012 at 2:00 pm | Reply EasyGuns were just as available 20 years ago.  Things seemed to change after Columbine.  Maybe these kids have seen the attention they get from it all.  Something else that changed is suicides and I think this is a factor in all of the school shootings.  In the past people just offed themselves.  Now it seems like everyone wants to take someone with them.I'm still confused.  Didn't they have signs up saying no guns?  Should be a gun-free zone.  Oh, that's right, bad people don't pay attention to signs.February 28, 2012 at 2:00 pm | Reply guyzerbecause America's schools are run by the privileged elite public sector unions who could care less about education.February 28, 2012 at 2:00 pm | Reply MikesodaWhat would you propose ?? the schools be run by the non educated dirt bags that would love to get their hands on their next dime bag?February 28, 2012 at 2:08 pm | Reply MGAmerica needs to stand up for what they believe in stop being pressured to mindless politicians, pressured by different race groups to be politically correct. Stand up. Say what you think. Fight for whats right.February 28, 2012 at 2:00 pm | Reply bluemax77Americans insane gun laws  You really had to ask..?February 28, 2012 at 2:01 pm | Reply CRHUntil schools, parents and students start taking seriously the effects of bullying, this will only get worse.February 28, 2012 at 2:01 pm | Reply LilaAnd the whole gun thing. The reason guns are a problem is not the gun itself but the obsession Americans have with them. It's like a mental illness. It's my second amendment right to carry an ak-47 blah blah blah....February 28, 2012 at 2:01 pm | Reply guyzerHa Ha ... stupid_liberals always howl and shriek about gun control but its the stupid_liberals always commiting the gun crimes.February 28, 2012 at 2:03 pm | Reply Harry WortzVery few high schools students prescribe to any political affiliation.  This is not a partisan issue.February 28, 2012 at 2:06 pm | Reply jo7nHe's a troll ive seen him post his ignorant rants before. He makes alot of sence.February 28, 2012 at 2:11 pm | jo7nYour comment makes zero sence. IFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:10 pm | Reply The WordThis commentary was nonsensenothing of relevance was discussed.Basic Zakaria and CNN propaganda!February 28, 2012 at 2:03 pm | Reply wolfmanOh, I see.. What's your contribution to the debate?  Oh, forget it.February 28, 2012 at 2:09 pm | Reply MikesodaThis is not a gun issue but rather a Parenting issue.  Back in the day the Wife stayed home with the kids and the father disciplined the kids when they did something wrong.  In todays society both parents work in most cases and the father figure rarely disciplines the kid.  These kids are latch key kids  Its really sad  Another example to further my point.. In most cases when a child gets in trouble in school the parent sides with the child and argues with the teacher about it.  Back in the day if a child got in trouble in school the parent sided with the teacher and disciplined the child at home.  Want more??? Television is more violent  Kids back in the day watch shows like Giligans Island  Today kids watch murder shows and play games like Call of Duty..   People think about it.  Back in the day when kids were using their imaginations they were typically outside playing in a sand box or exploring on their bikes.  Today they emerge themselves in more violent fantasies due to the items mentioned above..  Personally I think its going to get worse as the parents get more disconnected from the kids..February 28, 2012 at 2:04 pm | Reply BucklesI'll tell you exactly what Americans will do in response to this tragic event. Nothing. Nothing at all.  Lots of lip service, faux debate, rhetoric from the Right (guns don't kill people and we need more Christian Values), more nonsense from the Left (if we just had more teachers). Ultimately, Americans will do what they do best.  Sit around and do nothing...unless someone yells, "Muslim!". Then, Americans will find a country to lay waste to, with the blood of their young.February 28, 2012 at 2:05 pm | Reply MikesodaWow your comments are absolutely ridiculous.. youre the type of person that needs to think about what your going to say before you talkFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:16 pm | Reply BucklesYou're all doomed. America is too narcissistic to look at the best educational systems in the world (i.e., Finland, for one) and adopt a proven methodology because, God forbid, not invented here in the good O' US of A.  Look on the bright side. If/When these shootings become a daily event, the attrition could cause a rollback on tax levies. And that's what's really important to the American public.February 28, 2012 at 3:29 pm | JamesIf there were no guns then they would use baseball bats, or something else...And schools use to not allow bullies....But back then you had to do what the school said to do...But today, a law means nothing....and our schools have failed for the past 15 years...and we had troubled kids in our schools when I was going to school but the school would not allow them to distrupt the rest of the students...they either straightend up or were expelled....End of Story...Plus the majority now do not know how to study or to work....Were all in big trouble and it will get worse...So what do we do...we keep doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result...so lets put more money in the schools where the kids could care less about learning...Our government is so stupid....February 28, 2012 at 2:06 pm | Reply wolfmanJames, you forgot to add, "and it's all Obama's fault".  Or the Europeans, socialists, liberals, poor, young, old, etc.Very profound analysis.February 28, 2012 at 2:11 pm | Reply WatcherI think most comments are failing to miss the mark.  The real reason is the USA is a violent, subversive 3rd world country that show it's children it is ok to execute,  mame and torture others when they see fit.    If you r doing it on the world stage then how can your young form a positive outlook on themselves and  the world around them when their peers are terrorists?February 28, 2012 at 2:07 pm | Reply Harry WortzThe US was born through violent means and will probably die through violent means but shootings in schools is a fairly recent phenomenon.February 28, 2012 at 2:09 pm | Reply guyzerMust be the free breakfasts and lunches they're serving at these schoolsFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:09 pm | Reply SDKA quick look on the non-authoritive wikipedia puts the US as #34 in rank of intentional homicides per capita.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rateFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:09 pm | Reply wolfmanNot much to be proud of considering the developmental level of the other countries. You think a country which prides itself as "exceptional"  and the best country since the beginning of time can do a little better?February 28, 2012 at 2:14 pm | Reply Upset Voter!st of all ... Guns don't kill without people. People still kill without guns. This country has lost it's morality. People now think of getting even if there is a problem instead of finding a peaceful solution. We can thank the idiots who say that anything is "ok". The idea that there is no such thing as a correct solution has lead to a society where anything goes. That mentality is pushed and reinforced with the movie industry glamorizing violence and other things that society felt was unacceptable years ago. Everybody yells about their rights and society has thrown out the sense of responsibility for their actions.February 28, 2012 at 2:10 pm | Reply witerokIt's all about education and chid rearing... and even then you will still have people going off the deep end. Guns are not going away, but at least try to make them harder to obtain! Hey, at least we lead the world in one school ranking.February 28, 2012 at 2:10 pm | Reply MGThe shooter is a criminal. We need to stop trying to protect him and lock him up and throw away the keys. The sad part of this is my tax dollars will be the one that pays for this his shelter and food for the rest of his life. We will be paying a judge to hear the case, public defender for him. This is a great cost to the community and the state. He should be put to death on the express line. This is the problem we try to justify his actions that he was bullied; I dont feel sorry for him at all. If the teachers where able to carry guns this would have had a different ending. His family would be the ones mourning the loss of a life. I am all for shooting back, what would happen if America did away with guns? Who would protect your family? If someone walks through my door uninvited he/she will greeted by a gun in my hand.  There will never be a politician with enough power to take all of the guns out of America.February 28, 2012 at 2:10 pm | Reply GaylePeople in general, and children in particular have become de-sensitized to death through popular movies and video games.  I'm not saying that everyone who watches a violent movie or plays a violent video game will become a killer, but you can't discount the negative effect of these forms of entertainment on the people who use them.  If you examined the muderer in this case you would probably find that he had been repeatedly exposed to violent images.February 28, 2012 at 2:12 pm | Reply LogicPointless article that asks meaningless questions as nothing will change in the U.S anyway. So just keep living in the environment you created for yourselves and make Charles Darwin proud.February 28, 2012 at 2:12 pm | Reply DavidWhy? Because its number one in gun culture, number one in gun availablity and number one in gun related media. Just use a stock clicker to count how many guns you see in one night on commercial television. The message is 'guns solve problems'.February 28, 2012 at 2:15 pm | Reply JayHere is part of the problem. Introverted people in North America are looked down upon. There is a distinct bias towards people who are extroverted. Introverts are not accepted and all people take the view that there is something wrong with being introverted. In overseas countries, the amount of introverted people is far greater than it is in North America where introversion is more respected and which explains the statistics. So therefore, if a student doesn't participate like the rest of the students, they are outcast and distrusted and subsequently picked on. This is part of the problem. North America has a big problem with introverts. Many introverts become entertainers to compensate for their lack of social skills. Believe me, this is all having to do with being extroverted. There is nothing wrong with being an introvert. When you get society harassing introverts, that's when you get the anti social behaviors and the big shootings. Teach people, teenagers especially to leave quiet people alone. Education and reform on introverts is an issue that needs to be seen and dealt with so that all people can be treated fairly.February 28, 2012 at 2:16 pm | Reply Skibo112God I love all the NRA propoganda out there. "Guns save lives," Guns don't kill people, people do," "more guns would create a safer environment," "getting rid of guns would only leave criminals with them." While there is some truth in these sayings, over all it's a bunch of bulls**t designed to perserve the status quo. Yes, people will always find ways to kill others, it's human nature. But which is easier to kill people with, a pistol with a 30 round clip and hollow point bullets, or a knife or homemade bomb? Saying that taking dangerous guns out of the hands of normal citizens would only leave them in the hands of dangerous people is true in a way, but is only an excuse to try and avoid fixing the real problem. Yes, there would be problems in taking dangerous weapons off the streets, but it is more dangerous to maintain the current situation, as is seen here. And, by the way, im not advocating that all guns be banned. Many rifles and shotguns are needed for things such as animal population control through hunting, but for the love of god we don't need assault rifles and machine pistols to do so!February 28, 2012 at 2:18 pm | Reply Harry WortzVery few assault rifles are used in crimes considering how many are in private collections.  I would be willing to bet almost anything that the number of criminal deaths attributed to "machine pistols" is less than the number of deaths attributed to falling space debris.Blaming the firearm is the lazy way out.  Education is the key.February 28, 2012 at 2:22 pm | Reply Skibo112Yes you're right, it's mainly pistols used in these crimes. Which leads to the question: Why do we need pistols? They serve no purpose other than to kill people. What are they good for, personal defense? Shotguns are better home defense weapons than pistols. Far more people are killed from the accidental firing of pistols than are saved by them. I walk around everywhere and wouldn't feel any safer caring a pistol. Yes, they are bada$$ and fun to use, but I see no use for them in the hands of normal citizens.February 28, 2012 at 2:29 pm | The REAL Truth...@Harry - YAWN.. ZZzzzzFebruary 28, 2012 at 6:11 pm | DebbieNot really a matter of gun control. Parenting is the issue, and we don't have very many Ward and June Cleavers to explain to kids about respect for others and self. parents want to hold the schools responsible for bullying, yes it happens a lot at school, but that is where they encounter their peers, it also happens on social media, but we don't blame that. It all starts at home. Teach your kids that having money or the best things should not make you popular, self-centered children DO NOT make good friends. A lot of parents with high school aged kids don't even know more than their kids friends names, much less where they live, and who their parents are. That is one of the most important things of being a parent. If your child doesn't respect you and your rules, how do you expect them to respect school authority, or live in society?Anyone can learn to make a bomb, or poison a group (like the gatorade at a ball game). This Ohio shooter is now remorseful? Why because his victims didn't get up, like in the video games, our young play/February 28, 2012 at 2:18 pm | Reply PritkaSo your answer is better parenting, another person's answer is more God, another person is railing on about discipline and Rick Santorum says STOP LETTING THEM GO TO COLLEGE. I say take away access to guns for children and do it now. Gun owners whose guns are used in crimes must be held accountable if they have not reported their guns as stolen. Take away their gun permits (horrors!) and give them a substantial fine. If we do this gun owners will protect their permits and secure their guns and report stolen or missing guns immediately and we may save some lives.February 28, 2012 at 2:43 pm | Reply BigRedWhy is the U.S. #1 in School Shootings?1.  The 2nd Amendment.2. The NRA3. The Republican Party4. A citizenry that worships handguns.5. The absurd notion brought on by movies and television that it is just fine to kill another human being.ShamefulFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:19 pm | Reply Green Dragon RegularFar more people, on the order of tens of millions, died in Europe and Asia as a result of an unarmed citizenry than have died in 200 years of the Second Amendment.February 28, 2012 at 2:22 pm | Reply BigRedYou might want to do a little reading. Gun and weapons laws didn't take place in Europe until after WWII.    Before that anyone could own a gun because there were no laws (especially in England) that prohibited carrying a weapon.  Since Britain passed and enforced prohibitions against firearms being generally available to people without a clear reason, death rates have plummeted in the U.K . from both Firearms, Bladed Weapons, and murder in general.   Don't take my word for it.  The decline is especially significant because the U.K.'s population has increased 150% since WWII. Check Scotland Yard public records and statistics.February 28, 2012 at 2:37 pm | Green Dragon RegularHow wrong you are, Big Red.  Germany,  Poland, Russia, China, and most of the Southeast Asian countries all had very stringent gun control laws at the time their various despots were at the peak of their power. Private firearms were seized wholesale prior to the enactment of the Nuremberg Acts, the pogroms of Stalin, the purges and purifications of Mao, and the agrarian utopia of Pol Pot's rice fields. A people should never be afraid of its government...February 28, 2012 at 2:53 pm | Upset VoterHow about a society that avoids making the person responsible for anything they do. Find me some guns who selectively kill people with no human intervention and I will get rid of them. Considering that 1/2 the population is Republican, I would think we would have many more than 2000 deaths a year due to firearms. 250 people die in car crashes for every person who dies from a firearm. I don't see people blaming the cars. 1) there should be reasonable licensing and age limit for people with firearms.2) people need to be held accountable for their own actions.February 28, 2012 at 3:09 pm | Reply Green Dragon Regular"Then, even though the risks are low, it is fair to ask, why does this still happen?" Is it? Too often the presumption underlying the validity of the question slips past us without so much as a second look. Why, in this day and age and all of the real threats to life and freedom we face, should we be so concerned with trying to solve, what is essentially, human nature? Solutions, more often than not, bring with them the unintended consequences that seal the black top of best intentions down that slippery grade.February 28, 2012 at 2:19 pm | Reply Keith B. RosenbergThe thing that would help the most is to make sure that punishment is as sure as possible, is timely and public. The names of  many juvenile criminals are kept out of the press. Social ostracism used to be a part of crime prevention. Social pressure can be a huge deterrent.February 28, 2012 at 2:20 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsNorway has some of the most strict gun laws in the world yet a lone gunman killed 80+ people in a rampage just last year.  Gun laws mean nothing  arm the citizenry so they can defend themselves.  More guns  less crime.February 28, 2012 at 2:20 pm | Reply BigRedI agree. Lets be as naive as possible and agree with you.February 28, 2012 at 2:22 pm | Reply BigRedFor every life that is saved by the appropriate use of firearms, I would assume there are thousands that are lost through stupidity, suicide, anger, and crime. Shameful.February 28, 2012 at 2:21 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsYour assumption is wrong  read "More Guns = Less Crime" by John Lott.  Extensive research shows an armed citizenry deters violent attacks.February 28, 2012 at 2:24 pm | Reply BigRedGreat.  Another book by another writer sponsored by the NRA.  Sorry.  Just because someone wrote propaganda and put it into a book does not make it the truth.  It is just one more thread in a tissue of lies.February 28, 2012 at 2:32 pm | Green Dragon RegularMighty dangerous thing, an assumption. Far more dangerous, I would argue, than a single loaded handgun.February 28, 2012 at 2:24 pm | Reply Harry WortzWhy punish the majority for the actions of the minority?  Wouldn't education work better than prohibition?February 28, 2012 at 2:25 pm | Reply LesCho did NOT will 37 people.  He killed 32, and then himself.February 28, 2012 at 2:21 pm | Reply bluemax77Its not guns that kill people, its the NRA that kills people...Enjoy..!!February 28, 2012 at 2:21 pm | Reply ZorakLivesAmerica is No. 1 in school shootings because America is No. 1 as a whole. Period. America is No. 1!February 28, 2012 at 2:21 pm | Reply ak2kAny registered gun owner should pay a tax that would specifically fund an organization that would visit and audit/inspect that the gun owner are controlling (aka  locking up) their firearms and ammunition in a regulated way.February 28, 2012 at 2:22 pm | Reply freelanceAccess to Guns. I heard a stupid argument that says Guns don't kill, people do. But guess what? Cut off the access to guns and the people will find something else to do with their hateful lives instead of killing people by the dozens.. The GOP doesn't want you to believe that as the Gun Lobby is pretty powerful.February 28, 2012 at 2:22 pm | Reply SDKWhile they are there, how about checking on Rx drugs, alcohol, drain cleaner, pesticides, etc. to make sure they are locked up as well?  More government isn't the answer  responsibility is.  The owner of the guns need to accept responsibility for owership.  I am sick of stupid people that serve as examples to give more fodder to anti-gun activists.  I keep guns locked away with the ammo locked in a different location.  I am not concerned about self defense with a firearm at this time, but I do not want to lose my right of ownership because of idiots.  Maybe an IQ test should be administered as well as a background check (which is only for handguns anyway)...Then again, many of the worlds worst thugs were very intelligent i.e. Hitler, Unibomber, etc   I'll have to think on that one.February 28, 2012 at 4:33 pm | Reply cptpooppantsPeople on here keep saying that guns are a tool and that you can kill someone with lots of other objects as well. I just want to point out that the ONLY purpose for your "tool" is to kill something. It has no other purpose. That is what guns are for. To kill living things. Stop trying to make excuses. Guns should have been taken away from citizens as soon as our country had established an army and police force.February 28, 2012 at 2:22 pm | Reply PGNA well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.Pay attention to the commas above. There was/is a need for a well regulated militia, no doubt and we have the armed forces. The only check on tyranny from a government then and now is for the people to be armed.February 28, 2012 at 3:24 pm | Reply Michele R.Or how about because many parents give their children everything but time?February 28, 2012 at 2:22 pm | Reply JOSE0311USMCHIRE HALLWAY MONITORS TO KEEP AN EYE ON THE BULLIES....THEY BEEN CAUSE A LOT OF PROBLEMS ..BULLIES ARE WHITE KIDS-THEY ARE IN SPORTS-LOUD MOUTHS-FIND OUT WHO THEY ARE AND SUSPEND THEM. PROBLEM SOLVED.February 28, 2012 at 2:22 pm | Reply Mansa-since when are drugs ONLY an urban issue...there are far more "crack & meth heads" in so-called suburbs than so-called urban.  In urban areas it MAY be more visible, but still a prevalent issue in the 'burbs...February 28, 2012 at 2:23 pm | Reply KrisI've lived in 3 other countries, gone to school in 2 of them, raised kids in 2 countries including the US. The singularly most important reason for such mass shootings, in scools, colleges, or workplace is simple  access to guns. The number of non-fatal violence such as fist fights, etc. are way higher in other countries, except you never know when one of these loners would show up with a gun and start a shooting spree. Ban gun ownership, do not allow any citizens to own a gun other than police and military, and you will get rid of these kind pf problems. I know many of you will blame the root cause, but those are there in every other country, what they don't have is easy access to guns.February 28, 2012 at 2:26 pm | Reply Harry WortzProhibition has never worked.  Education would solve the problem but many don't want the children to know about firearms let alone learn how to use them safely and appropriately.  Blaming the firearm alone is a lazy way out.February 28, 2012 at 2:30 pm | Reply PritkaTraining every teenager in the responsible use of a gun is ridiculous. An ICE agent shot his supervisor over a personnel issue in California recently. Tell me he had not been trained in the responsible use of a gun. When a teenager has access to a gun, you have an immature human being with raging hormones and the means to kill anyone perceived as deserving of death period. Training just makes his/her shooting more accurate. I am not saying "don't train kids to shoot" I am saying "Don't allow kids to have access to guns without supervision by the gun owner." When you are done with your training put the gun where the kid cannot use it or suffer the consequences of the law.... Lose your gun permit and your guns and pay a substantial fine if your gun is used in the commission of a crime and you have not reported it as stolen.February 28, 2012 at 2:57 pm | The REAL Truth...No Harry.. your NRA / 2A "right" is the lazy way out. I seen this in so many comments and the pro-gun lobby is CONSTANTLY up-chucking the "guns don;t kill people..." crap. They do, or least the lead emitted from them does. Sure people pull the trigger, but the gun does the killing.The lazy way out is to blame everything BUT the gun, and use the 2A as a crutch. You (and the rest of the pro-gun posters here) can spin it any way you want, but the abundance of HAND GUNS (whose only purpose is to KILL) is way too prevalent and accessible. It's really hard to KILL two 17-yr olds with a brick, a 24 or a knife in a school cafeteria. Perhaps we should let everyone who passes a background check have access to C4 and TNT. After all, using it to blow up the entire cafeteria wouldn't be the fault of the C4 being readily available would it. It would still be the kids fault right? How far would that argument go in educated circles??February 28, 2012 at 6:16 pm | Green Dragon RegularInteresting you point out that those other, unarmed countries are far more violent (yet less fatally so) than the armed U.S. So, where would you rather live- in a place where the threat of violence and bodily harm are higher or a place where such a threat is much, much lower but more often fatal? Personally, I prefer a place where I have to worry less about violence at all than one where violence is less common but more fatal. This simply speaks to the old saying- "An armed society is a polite society."February 28, 2012 at 5:07 pm | Reply Dearest PuppyJohnny Seven O.M.A. (One Man Army) is a multi-function toy weapon produced by Deluxe Reading under their Topper Toys toyline, and released in 1964. Johnny Seven O.M.A. was the best selling boys' toy of 1964, and was marketed heavily on children's television. It has a unique number of features, including seven different actions (thus the "Seven" in the name). The toy is no longer made, and has become a collector's item.Of all Christmas presents that I received as a kid, this is the only one that I remember. It was the best.February 28, 2012 at 2:27 pm | Reply Bob from MissouriI was bullied at school relentlessly(that's what happens in this country when you have red hair, glasses, a high-pitched voice, acne, and a 4.0 gpa), and there were plenty of guns in our home(my father was a Marine), but I never shot another human being ever. I watched violent television programs and played Grand Theft Auto nightly, but I never shot another human being ever. As a victim of non-firearm-related school-violence(I was stabbed in the chest with a fork, which punctured my lung) along with other students(the girl didn't stop with me, she proceeded to stab 3 other boys she claimed were "looking at" her "funny") I don't see how guns are as big a problem as the violence itself. If the access to guns were the root of the problem the Swiss would be number 2 in school-shootings(they aren't, btw), Israel would have major gun-violence(they don't, btw), Mexico would be a peaceful-place(it isn't, btw), Australia wouldn't have a "home-invasion" problem(which they do, btw), and the UK wouldn't have armed-criminals(which they do, btw). Our second-amendment was written so we could protect ourselves from criminals and tyrants, so it still applies to the modern-age(and should still cover assault-rifles). And before I get a dozen responses claiming I'm a member of the NRA or a Republican-operative, I would like it to be known I have never voted for a politician that wasn't a Democrat and I do not own a gun.February 28, 2012 at 2:27 pm | Reply PritkaYou make sense. I appreciate that. We can't readily fix all the problems that disturbed kids have but we can do our best to limit access to guns by these disturbed kids. Kids don't buy illegal guns off the street to commit these crimes, they take guns without permission from family and neighbors and friends. If gun owners do not permit access to these guns to these kids, we at least address a big part of the problem. If gun owners were to lose their gun permits and their guns and be required to pay a substantial fine if their (unreported as stolen) guns are used to commit a crime, they might pay more attention in how they protect themselves from losing their guns and thus kids will not get access.February 28, 2012 at 3:17 pm | Reply ASAccess to guns, what else? All shootings in every country were committed by kids who had access to guns (parents, etc.). Ever thought about why you need a gun, if no one was allowed to own one???February 28, 2012 at 2:28 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsI hope the next criminal you run into honors the law about no guns.February 28, 2012 at 2:36 pm | Reply NYC1972And here my friends is what i call a DRONE and a fool liberal, get rid of guns so no one should have them, HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHa  come on now............ we can ban every gun in the world, put stringent whatever and somebody will come along and rob your liberties with a gun, criminal or government  it will 100% happen.February 28, 2012 at 2:41 pm | Reply JeffSimple answers:1. We have the most schools.2. We have the most civilian owned guns.3. It is illegal to beat your kids' ass in the USA.February 28, 2012 at 2:28 pm | Reply NYC1972Jeff, "good answer, good answer, i like the way you think, i'll be watching you....................."February 28, 2012 at 2:38 pm | Reply MikeProbably because USA has the highest concentration of guns per person, on the planet?(Just a wild guess though).February 28, 2012 at 2:28 pm | Reply Mansa...also make PARENTS responsible for some (maybe in some cases ALL of the)  JAILTIME when their kids commit heinous crimes...February 28, 2012 at 2:29 pm | Reply dawnGuns are not the problem in American school shootings, rather it's the epidemic of Prescription Drugs that are altering the minds of kids in the USA... NO other country advertises such drugs on television and in magazines... the international world can't even imagine such craziness. Rx Drugs are not candy, they are hard core, mind altering, addictive, dangerous DRUGS. Pay attention to the dots and connect em'February 28, 2012 at 2:29 pm | Reply Glades2Guess my last comment didn't past muster because it's not here, but if CNN and the rest of the liberal media are going to ask questions that start with, "Why does America lead the world in school shootings?", then they better be prepared to hear the truth  otherwise what's the point in asking the question if they only want to hear what they want to hear?February 28, 2012 at 2:29 pm | Reply Harry WortzAbout the only thing that gets censored around here are curse words, threats, and the use of URLs.  Be creative in your spelling and put spaces in your links.  Don't be so paranoid.February 28, 2012 at 2:33 pm | Reply ThisCallsForThePerfectCheerAt long last, the U.S. school system ranks #1 in something!February 28, 2012 at 2:29 pm | Reply truth angelWe are the best at anything gun related, that is why.February 28, 2012 at 2:30 pm | Reply MatthewAmerica is #1 in school shootings because we are #1 in gun possession.  It's much easier for an untrained person to kill several people quickly with a gun than any other way.February 28, 2012 at 2:30 pm | Reply Harry WortzA vehicle and a crowded area potentially would cause just as much damage.Blaming the firearm alone is the lazy way out.February 28, 2012 at 2:35 pm | Reply The REAL Truth...No Harry..The lazy way out is to blame everything BUT the gun, and use the 2A as a crutch. You (and the rest of the pro-gun posters here) can spin it any way you want, but the abundance of HAND GUNS (whose only purpose is to KILL) is way too prevalent and accessible. It's really hard to KILL two 17-yr olds with a brick, a 24 or a knife in a school cafeteria. Perhaps we should let everyone who passes a background check have access to C4 and TNT. After all, using it to blow up the entire cafeteria wouldn't be the fault of the C4 being readily available would it. It would still be the kids fault right? How far would that argument go in educated circles??February 28, 2012 at 6:17 pm | InquiryUh...lead the world in school shootings.Is that in total incidents per country?Total victims per country?Is that per 100,000 citizens?What does it mean?February 28, 2012 at 2:34 pm | Reply NYC1972means nothing, it's just another  example of horrible reporting without the relevant FACTS..February 28, 2012 at 2:36 pm | Reply NYC1972America leads due to simple math, we have the most schools and the most varied cultural society and we have the most media that reports every shooting. trust me, look at other countries say RUSSIA or CHINA and it's probably 1,000 times worse  has nothing to do with our gun laws, sorry YOU ARE NOT TAKING MY ABILITY TO BARE ARMS EVER!!  that's the first sign of control by the government you FOOLS......February 28, 2012 at 2:34 pm | Reply DuaneI agree.....good man!!!!!February 28, 2012 at 2:36 pm | Reply Duanefor those of you who are short sighted enough to be saying that if we ban guns these problems will go away......your nuts....if that rational really worked then if we take away forks from all the fat people, they would stop eating so much. If we ban guns.....then the only ones who would have guns are the cops and the criminals. If you have ever watched a new show or ever watched "Cops", you will notice that the police for the most part only "respond" to crimes that have already happened. i take personal responsibility for my own safety by carrying a gun.  )February 28, 2012 at 2:34 pm | Reply termlimitsWhat a stupid a ss story line. How about all the kids the peace loving m uslim s blow up. Wake up!!!!!!!!!!!!February 28, 2012 at 2:35 pm | Reply Concerned Parent of Small ChildrenBecause we are all guilty of glamorizing it!February 28, 2012 at 2:35 pm | Reply JamieWhy, because America is uncivilized compared to other nations both industrial and non-industrial.February 28, 2012 at 2:36 pm | Reply Duaneyour a chowderhead.....we dont strap bombs to our kids or ourselves like the Muslims.....February 28, 2012 at 2:38 pm | Reply c sThis kid did not buy the weapon or the ammunition.  Somehow he acquired it along with enough knowledge about how to use it.  Since this weapon did not belong to him, the person or person who owned it should be prosecuted for allowing him to gain access to it.  Very simple send the weapon's owner to jail for life.  I realize this sounds terribly cruel but the owner should be held responsible.  Once this is done, many other owners of weapon will be much more careful about their weapons being accessible to anyone.  I realize that this will not happen because we as a nation only want to mumble words of sorrow without anyone suffering responsibility for this tragedy until the next time that it happens again.  And it will happen again.February 28, 2012 at 2:36 pm | Reply Harry WortzShouldn't the people that recognized he had problems long before he picked up the firearm shoulder the responsibility as well.  They failed in their jobs and are more to blame than the firearm.February 28, 2012 at 2:38 pm | Reply SDKOK, I do not dissagree with you but I think this illustrates part of the problem here  it always seems to be someone elses fault  how about the kid was to blame.  People need to learn to accept responsibility for their actions.February 28, 2012 at 4:43 pm | DeborHello, I haven't read through the 700+ responses, so maybe these aspects has already been mentioned. I think it is more than just the guns availablilty. For one thing, using guns are very impersonal; you don't have to get upclose, see the sweat and fear in the personin short you don't have to touch them. And it is easy and fast, very fast.Also, a social consideration beyond the prevalence of violence in our media (TV, movies, news, books, etc.), is the approach the government uses to solve problems-often the solutions are violent. We go to war, we bomb other countries, we invade, etc. Everyday in the news you hear of someone shot/killed by police (with cause). My point is, violence and force are considered an acceptable way to solve problems, and is often the FIRST solution considered. And it is usually successful!  So it is not surprising that children and young adults see this and consider violence as an answer to their problems. Thank you Dr. Ochberg for posting this article.February 28, 2012 at 2:37 pm | Reply michaeldwHe walked up to the kids and shot them point blank.What part of that is from a distance so he didn't have to see their fear? He knew what he wanted to see. I do have to agree with you on the second part though. When all that get's celebrated in the media is violence, then it's not really setting a good stage for kids to play on. I can't watch the news in my city (Sacramento, CA) without the first 30 minutes being about Murders, Robbery, of kidnappings.February 28, 2012 at 2:48 pm | Reply boinkcuz kids are coddled. no one can be the winner everyone has to be equal or lil johnny will be upset and cry...February 28, 2012 at 2:37 pm | Reply LobbyistgrlIt's raining guns like it's raining men up in this bisch.February 28, 2012 at 2:38 pm | Reply brenkiwiHave to go with the gun control issue, when you look at the other factors here, gun control is the only one where the US truely differs from other developed countries. Not a big fan of michael moore, but he does  a good job of investigating factros in bowling for columbine.February 28, 2012 at 2:38 pm | Reply dawnAlso note  no other country drugs their kids like America is guilty of doing.... standby, pay attention and surely once again, like every other American school shooting, we will hear what Rx drugs this particular child was prescribedFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:47 pm | Reply Debordawn,I agree that drugs (legal and illegal) are prevalent and too available.February 28, 2012 at 3:07 pm | AZI would say its the video games.. The kids are too much inclined to games and especially all fights and blood shed games..In the real life they want to be the heroes as they see in the games. But of course the cost is way too high for thatFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:40 pm | Reply michaeldwThis kid didn't want to be a hero. He felt tormented and he needed to free himself. The only way he could see himself escaping whatever he felt was by killing those individuals. This wasn't just some kid who likes playing Call of Duty and j***ing off to Road House.February 28, 2012 at 2:43 pm | Reply michaeldw" Kids with guns kill kids at school."Liberal, biased opinion. Because all kids with guns kill kids at school. WRONG. The kid gave warning signs. They almost always do. It's the job of shrinks like this pud that posted this article to find the kids before this kind of thing happens.You can't take away arms in the U.S. It just won't happen. If there wasn't a gun available, the kid would have used something else. If someone wants something done bad enough, they'll do it. " Kids with guns kill kids at school." You're a joke Dr. Ochberg.February 28, 2012 at 2:42 pm | Reply AZPlease read my view above yours and tell me ;do you think we can blame video games  too for all that is happening in our country ??/February 28, 2012 at 2:47 pm | Reply DeborAZ,I agree some video games are violent. Most kids realize they are "pretend", and not real. However, it's true that what you are exposed usually influences your thoughts and actions.February 28, 2012 at 3:04 pm | WillyWalnuts80% of adults in rural areas of the US own guns  yet the lowest rate of violent crime, per capita, in the US is in rural areas. Guns in the hands of law abiding citizens deter crime  they don't cause it.February 28, 2012 at 2:42 pm | Reply michaeldwYou have to look through the eyes of the people who don't see it this way. They think "why do you need a gun if you're not gonna shoot someone?"Would they prefer a Claymore perimeter defense system around every house?That'll keep the burglars out.February 28, 2012 at 2:45 pm | Reply jerryccI live in rural / suburban Tn and believe me everyone owns guns and I don't even have to put my garage door down when I leave.February 28, 2012 at 2:48 pm | Reply PritkaStands to reason, fewer people in rural America, less crime. Your point is not valid.February 28, 2012 at 3:27 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsYou obviously don't understand the meaning of "per capita".  Your argument is invalid !February 28, 2012 at 3:48 pm | SDKAs another someone that lives in a rural area (IA), we also have a high level of gun ownership.  Most folk here use them for hunting and the occasional varmint.  I believe part of the safey of the rural settin isn't so much gun ownership (although it could be a factor  why break into a house that almost certainly has a guns, unless of course you are a gun theif...) it is that neighbors still look out for each other.  I had to live in a larger town for several years and didn't even know the names of my closest neighbors.  I hated every minute of it.  In rural/small town, they may be hicks but by God they are there for each other!February 28, 2012 at 4:51 pm | Reply SDKIt's funny, I am in fact educated.  Reading my own post, I feel that I had reverted to a more "folksy" manerism in my defense of country living.  Time to go vist Jim-Bob down in the 'holler.February 28, 2012 at 4:54 pm | DidlebugA 15 to 17 yr old kid can go on daddy shelf or get the key to his cabin etc etc etc....and get the gun and shoot somebody!!  I feel bad for the parents sometimes!! what happens when your child gets good grades, act pleasant in public no signs of violence and boom they do something like this!!!  blame the parents!!  just admit it sometimes this thing call life makes people do crazy things and its no one fault but there ownFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:44 pm | Reply kBAnswer is  very easy !  You have so easy access to gun, so every nut can get one !February 28, 2012 at 2:44 pm | Reply jerryccToo many parents on welfare and crank.February 28, 2012 at 2:44 pm | Reply Didlebugthese shootings take place in good neighbor hoods thats what confuses the heck out of me!!!  do poor kids take bullying better!!!February 28, 2012 at 2:46 pm | Reply Dejwea race-less, non-organic society is ripe for this behavior, espeecially one that's anti-white and consumer based.  Get used to it America.February 28, 2012 at 2:47 pm | Reply JinxyHave to agree with the gun comments; when an immature kid can run down the street and get a gun for a few bucks he/she is more likely to settle the score with it.February 28, 2012 at 2:47 pm | Reply EpidiThe statement about access to guns is true  but one that can be remedied if parents would just teach thier kids about gun safety, teach them what a gun can do & does.  That will prevent accidents from happening as often as they do.  Then LOCK UP THE GUN & KEEP THE AMMO LOCKED SEPERATLY.  It isn't rocket science.  It's responsible gun ownership.February 28, 2012 at 2:47 pm | Reply Island JackI vote for taking away the guns. I have never had a need for one and I don't see why any civilized person would. Until someone can figure out the rest of the problems, take away the guns. There are idiots out there that should not be raising children, and these are the same people who usually have the guns.February 28, 2012 at 2:48 pm | Reply EpidiYou must be city folk to make a stoopid comment like that.February 28, 2012 at 2:56 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsThe State of Pennsylvania has some of the more lenient gun laws in the country.  Almost 2 million hunters hit the woods every year "armed to the teeth".  Rarely does anyone get shot  in fact, more die of a heart attack or a fall from a tree. The rate of death by firearm is less than the general population.  Why is that?February 28, 2012 at 2:48 pm | Reply EpidiBecause here in PA you are taught at a young age how to handle a firearm and how to use it correctly.  After seeing the damage a gun does to a deer that you have to gut yourself, you're not likely to use it on a human being, unless your life depends on it.February 28, 2012 at 2:54 pm | Reply LJSo we can claim to be Number 1 in something regard education...  Where does the United States rank in education among industrialized nations?The United States is currently 18th among the 36 industrialized nations.  The United States is no longer the world leader in secondary education, according to the rankings of an international organization.February 28, 2012 at 2:50 pm | Reply go awaytoo many bullies? how about too many sensitive adults who dont know how to let what is said not bother them? people need to grow a pair and quit caring what the population thinks of them. when they stop doing that, they will quit killing themselves and others.February 28, 2012 at 2:50 pm | Reply DavidThis is because we do not allow teens to be themselves.  For such a developed country, we are underdeveloped socially. It all starts with our leaders and public figures. The overweight teens that feel pressured by media and social media on how they look. The gay closeted teenager who feels pressured to be somebody he is not. They cannot get away from it. Gone are the days when homes were a sanctuary for them to feel safe.  They come home and it's there on their facebook walls, in their emails.  It truely is sad. There is just so much on the shoulders of our youths these days and it all starts with acceptance.  Leaders such as Bachmann and Santorum should be ashamed of themselves for their stance on some of these values they stick to.February 28, 2012 at 2:53 pm | Reply Didlebugwe lead the world in school shootings?  really CNN....how many countries actually keep these records!!  half of the worlds kids they teaching to be suicide bombers they not even in school that doesn't count huh!!!   still my america......shut up cnn....February 28, 2012 at 2:53 pm | Reply jerryccI also blame the loving liberals in Hollywood who  make movies like Heathers which glorifies murdering fellow students.February 28, 2012 at 2:53 pm | Reply CWinslowNot one of the writers ideas is just the pure size and percentage of schools that America has, Heck, Texas alone is bigger than most countries. They also fail to mention ethnic diversity and mixed social classes in Public schools, right away you know students of ethnicitys and social status will naturally group together thus leaving some students who don't really fall into any category or clique making them "loners".February 28, 2012 at 2:54 pm | Reply JDCI guess the only time prayer is allowed in school is when someone is shooting at you.  Sad.February 28, 2012 at 2:55 pm | Reply rrrr llllTo the folks commenting on gun laws and how the numbers don't pan out.  It is enforcement of gun laws that matters.  Look at NYC.  When I grew up there gun violence was much more prevalent than today.  Difference is now they enforce the hell out of the laws.  Ask Plaxico Burris.February 28, 2012 at 2:55 pm | Reply ObserverWhy does the USA lead the world in school shootings?NRAFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:55 pm | Reply RickAnyone who thinks that guns are the problem with school shootings or any "gun crime" is a complete idiot. Guns do not kill people people do. If you believe that if guns werent available then crimes where guns were involved wouldn't have happened then you probably also believe that pencils make people misspell words, forks make people fat, and cigarettes make people smoke.February 28, 2012 at 2:56 pm | Reply AuldBobGuns are always an interesting topic in this country. Just reading the responses here one would think that some people would prefer to lose their family or maybe a couple of limbs rather than have their firearms taken away. Remember, guns don't kill people, people with guns kill people. The law says you can't take away the guns so you have to take away the people from that equation in order to stop the killing. Guns are a great solution for taking away the people!February 28, 2012 at 2:56 pm | Reply MeOK article as far as it goes, particularly on how the mental health system in America is broken and failed.  But I am far less interested in the mindset of the victims of bullying and more interested in the mindset of those who bully....  WHY?  WHY DO BULLIES DO WHAT THEY DO?  And it is a fact that in schools girls are just as likely to bully others as boys are, though perhaps in a different way or style.  The mindset of anybody, young or old, who would bully another person is so foreign to me I have a hard time simply comprehending it and its reasons/causes.February 28, 2012 at 2:58 pm | Reply Easy enoughA. Easy access to firearmsB. Snowflake generation full of false self-esteem often instilled by single mothersC. Two generations so far raised by ADHD-TV (I'm talking post-Seasame Street...Spongemeth anyone?) instead of parent(s)D. Children taught to resolve differences not through words or fists but weaponsE. Easy access to firearmsFebruary 28, 2012 at 2:58 pm | Reply abby in Texasanswer to question:  because we glorify violence and have guns too readily and easily available...February 28, 2012 at 2:58 pm | Reply stonewallWhy not do some actual investigative journalism and provide stats that reveal the number of shooting cases in schools across the US juxtaposed to the number of shooting cases in schools around the globe? This is why CNN has received countless criticism for its lack of investigative-fact-based-reporting. CNN.com is nothing more than a blog with relative opinions posing as real, ethical journalism.February 28, 2012 at 2:59 pm | Reply macphileIt could be worse. It could be chron.com. This story was buried there yesterday and is a top item today. I wonder how many regular visitors said, "Huh? What school shooting?" Because yesterday's front page was all OSCAH FEVAH. I come to CNN to get news because there are actually *worse* outfits out there. One of the few good ones is Al-Jazeera, but I don't know how much they'd cover this kind of story.February 28, 2012 at 3:28 pm | Reply dipsIsnt it quite obvious to all you Americans out there. In a safe society there is no need for citizens to carry guns. Free availability of guns is the only reason such kinds of shootings happen. A frustrated kid with access to a gun will obviously shoot others and it is impossible for the parents to monitor the kids 100% of the time.I am staying in Germany and hardly any of the citzens carry guns and I feel much safer here than in any country in the world esp. US.U guys seriously need to enact gun control laws wihtout getting ur egos up. Germany had a few cases of shootings like this and they sat down and tightened the laws . not like u folks where u keep turning a blind eye to gun control just cos u  like to pamper ur egos by owning a gun. Whats the big deal in owning a gun anyways that u cannot do without it..Its not a real great achievement u knowFebruary 28, 2012 at 3:00 pm | Reply TisJustMeYou left out the primary reason:Obsessive Media Over-coverageThe American news media reports on these tragic events ad infinitum, drilling the notion in the heads of disaffected and/or mentally ill students that filling people full of holes is a legitimate way to deal with problems.  The extensive coverage each of these events receives on CNN is ample evidence that this root cause exists.  Irresponsible over-coverage creates a breeding ground for violence, as does making celebrities out of the assailants.  All of the other factors listed in the article above existed long before such insanely violent acts in schools became commonplace.  By themselves, they are not the motivating factors for the unfortunate situation seen today.  Or put another way: Dynamite doesn't light itself.  CNN and others, please quit putting the match to the fuses.February 28, 2012 at 3:00 pm | Reply RickyLet's see:- Easy access to guns.- A belief that if someone does not agree with us we can kill them. Since WWII, we have been policing the world and getting into so many wars that now kids (and most adults) think that if someone does not agree with us, we have the right to bomb them. This macrocosm mentality always turns into a microcosm mentality too. You disagree with me, so I have the right kill you to preserve my way of life.- A history of xenophobia and racism. One you are able to dehumanize a whole ethnicity or race, and think that their lives are not worth much at all, it is easy to do the same with people you dislike even within your own ethnicity or race.- An excess of regulations that were intended to protect kids at school, but now make it impossible to educators to "get involved" and stop bullying without risking getting sued or charged with something.- And finally, the fact that most people in this country have now have grown up in, and had their parents and grand parents grow up in, a first world economy, where we tend to think that our problems at school ("people make fun of me," "I don't fit in") are much worse than they really are. Two or three generations ago, even kids had other real problems to worry about, and not being popular at school was not in the top of the list.February 28, 2012 at 3:01 pm | Reply Here's the problem ...You.February 28, 2012 at 3:01 pm | Reply PhilI would say alot of it has to do with the US media constantly covering these things to death when they happen, and puts it into these kids minds as an idea of what to do.February 28, 2012 at 3:01 pm | Reply StephenIf every house had drugs in them then more kids would be on drugs.When most houses have guns in them more kids have access to guns.Your like a third world country.Go figure America .February 28, 2012 at 3:01 pm | Reply DaveIn some cases it is the psychotropic drugs Big Pharma pushes.February 28, 2012 at 3:01 pm | Reply Here's the problem ...Ricky: "A history of xenophobia and racism."Name ONE country which has no history of racism and xeniaphobia.ONE.February 28, 2012 at 3:03 pm | Reply woodofpineNRA ideologists 'black out' that the first two words of the second amendment are 'WELL REGULATED".  America is awash in handguns (which are quicker and deadlier than alternative weapons) our kids tend to be immature in many ways  in part due to media glorification of violence.  We're lucky we haven't a worse problem.  BTW  I'm an NRA trained handgun owner...February 28, 2012 at 3:03 pm | Reply DeMoukNRA ideologists 'black out' that the first two words of the second amendment are 'WELL REGULATED".Look up the term "well regulated" It does not mean what you think it does. It means having arms and ammunition in proper functioning condition and proper training. So, yes we should be well regulated. Not more regluations.February 28, 2012 at 3:11 pm | Reply DeMoukWe have so many school shootings because it's the perfect place. A bunch of children and whiney liberals with no defense. 300 mil people and 300 mil. guns and only a hand full of gun crime. Most of it in places with the most prohibitive gun laws. Get a clue.February 28, 2012 at 3:06 pm | Reply VT StudentAs a current Virginia Tech student, I urge the writer of this article to get his/her facts STRAIGHT. Seung-Hui Cho did not kill 37 people. It was 32, and 33 including his own suicide. Before you use numbers you should all have the decency to look before you mindlessly post about what you didn't put the effort into researching.I am by no means saying 32 lives lost is not tragic enough in itself, but rather that Virginia Tech has had such difficulty with this issue of misinformed media that it continues to hurt our beautiful school until this very day.Sincerely,A Hokie that is Disappointed with the MediaFebruary 28, 2012 at 3:07 pm | Reply dawnI think Americans would quicker give up their guns than forfeit their Rx psychotropic drugs. Keep in  mind those Appalachian lock boxes... they aren't for guns, rather for prescription drugs. A disgraceful American treasureFebruary 28, 2012 at 3:09 pm | Reply GwBThere is a simply resolution to this particular problem and it's very very very simple. It's called metal detectors. This the reason why shooting sprees like this happen in suburban/rural areas more often than inner city schools. I know we don't want our kids to feel like they are living in a battle field or prison but folks from the suburban/rural areas need to come to grips with reality. The vial of "safe" suburban neighborhoods are a fallacy. I know it sounds extreme but to with kids being bullied and opting for other measures this has to be considered.February 28, 2012 at 3:09 pm | Reply ChrisThe media and gun laws. Everyone can have a gun, but make it harder to get one. In 95% of modern civilized countries we have health-care and stricter gun laws. Everyone has the right to buy a gun, but I don't think they should have the right to buy them at Wal-Marts and so on. Just think about the Bank that gave away a gun if you open an account (From Bowling for Columbine). If it's harder to get, people can still get them if they want, but the people who are fired up on a revenge rampage won't be able to simply go to wal-mart to buy a gun if he's over 18 or wtv the age is in the US. Also the US media is destroying the US itself. I'm a white person and even I notice that the only school shootings that get coverage are the ones that happen in rich, white suburbs! What about all the shootings in the inner city schools.......oh ya that doesn't matter, they aren't white!February 28, 2012 at 3:09 pm | Reply DeMoukNRA ideologists 'black out' that the first two words of the second amendment are 'WELL REGULATED". Look up the term "well regulated" It does not mean what you think it does. It means having arms and ammunition in proper functioning condition and proper training. So, yes we should be well regulated. Not more regluations.February 28, 2012 at 3:10 pm | Reply MarkThe media.  I am a lonely kid that noe give any attnetion to.  Or wait I am a kid that thrives on attention, or wait I just saw a shooting on the news and look at how much attention that kid got.  I can live with out finding out about this.  If fact I am sure there weer many good acts by 7:30 that morning that happend in that school that should be in the media.Think about it.  If we would stop publishing what the terrorists were doing why would the keep doing it?The amendmant we need to change is freedom of the press.  They are to blame for the bad things tht happen around the world because they allow the bad peolpe to get noticed.February 28, 2012 at 3:10 pm | Reply RightiesRwackyI like the ol', "Well the criminals will get guns somehow anyway"   Yeah, in this country for sure.  How did they get them?  Somewhere along the line the gun was manufactured and sold legally.  Then, it gets stolen or sold in to the hands of someone that shouldn't have it.February 28, 2012 at 3:11 pm | Reply DeLempickaI am an American who has lived in four different US cities, but also briefly lived in two European cities.  In Europe, I could walk anywhere, anytime and feel perfectly safe.  Gun violence is almost unheard-of in most advanced countries because thy have sane gun control laws.  Obviously, that is not so in my own beloved country.  The gun lobby is strong here.  They talk about gun ownership as a cornerstone of freedom, but they ignore the fact that the freedom to live is a right that is taken away tens of thousands of times each year by people with guns.  Guns are at the root of this problem.February 28, 2012 at 3:11 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsDid you happen to live in Norway where citizens don't have guns  yet a maniac killed 80+ of them in a massacre last year?  If only one of the victims would have had a gun to defend his or her self.February 28, 2012 at 3:16 pm | Reply carlyjanew6http://www.Hear-The-Truth.comFebruary 28, 2012 at 3:11 pm | Reply Average JohannyJenkinsCan't count how many bigoted Americans I've heard talk about how bloodthirsty and crazy muslims are over the past 10+ years.  Those same people will never ever talk about stuff like this or the OKC bomber, Olympics bomber, the guy that shot up the women in a gym a few years ago, the guy that flew his plane into the IRS building, etc...People need to start realizing that crazy people are not born, they are created thru what they experience in their lives.February 28, 2012 at 3:13 pm | Reply akprescriptions drugs kill 10000 times more people then school shootings every year. Who cares about school shootings? Just because they are dramatic? Quite being babies, dieing of cancer (cancer kills way more kids then guns) kills you just the same as being shot.February 28, 2012 at 3:13 pm | Reply MdIt starts at home....Parents let their kids watch and buy all these violent movies and games.  How about telling your "precious darling" no once in a while?!!!!  Try policing what your kids watch and do once in a while.February 28, 2012 at 3:13 pm | Reply Harold, Phoenix,AZ.The gun culture produces death in great numbers. In the next thirty days our count will exceed four hundred. until this slaughter is considered a serious problem it will continue unabated.  CNN please list a monthly report on deaths by gun.February 28, 2012 at 3:13 pm | Reply ScottJust like all liberal mainstream media types, they downplay and leave out the single most contributing factor: the breakdown of the family.  They leave it out because they want to continue their agenda of making the normal American family less important,Well, here's what you get when you have a breakdown in the traditional family values. When you having parents no giving a crap what their kids do watch, etc.  This is what you get when kids don't go to church.  This is what you get with the moral decay of the nation.February 28, 2012 at 3:13 pm | Reply SophieI think there is one line in this article which stands out:"a culture that condones extremism"I thinks is says it all.February 28, 2012 at 3:13 pm | Reply dips@DeMouk: Thts exactly what I am talkin about that u guys get ur ego before facts. Its not only school shootings but also shootings which occur for eg. during road rage.. I read almost every other day tht someone shot someone on the road or due to some disagreement...Ths all cos of easy access to guns. It happens several times that in a fit of rage one ends up pulling the trigger in a scenario which would otherwise have been a fist fight...February 28, 2012 at 3:13 pm | Reply reader10This problem will never be solve.It's the human mind.February 28, 2012 at 3:13 pm | Reply Ronald Mcloughlin"I'm not offering a gun control solution. But any serious attempt to prevent school shooting will have to attack the problem by determining who should not be armed, and preventing dangerous boys from bringing guns to school.' Wow, these two sentences contradict each other.February 28, 2012 at 3:14 pm | Reply Sharon SamsonBecause we're a nation of bullies.  It's starts at the highest levels.  Look at this presidential campaign.  No one has any honor.  They point fingers, they blame, they take no responsibilities.  It trickles down into the population and lands right in the schools.  If we don't agree with someone we condemn them.  If we don't like something we're out to "get them."  We don't try to find construction solutions to anything.  We persecute the poor, we condemn anyone different, we don't have equal rights for every member of society, we're just a nation of mean nasty people and it's catching up with us.  Too bad.February 28, 2012 at 3:14 pm | Reply briggsyou Idiot people, the problems are not Guns. These kids need help and not just in school, they need help at home and need parents being more involved with them. Next it will be "schools stabbing problem" or " schools bombing problems" or "schools pencil in the eye problem"... always blaming the inanimate object other than the persons. If you want your kids safe from everything that "COULD" happen then keep them at home or turn them over to the state... We parents have a job and it is our kids.February 28, 2012 at 3:15 pm | Reply ballbarianIts the media stupid.  Everything is so overly sensationalized, the dumb-a$$e$ think in their simple little minds that its a cool thing to do (look at me).  Stop sensationalizing these stories ... the US atrocities will align with all the other countries in the world.  It's the least we can do for the victims.February 28, 2012 at 3:15 pm | Reply FugginMorons1. Easy access to guns.2. Lack of empathy/morality.3. Narcissistic self-importance.February 28, 2012 at 3:15 pm | Reply LongLiveNRAWe are No#1 because there are NOT Enough guns. We need to arm everyone above the age of 6.Lock and load is the only way to go.GOP + NRA forever.February 28, 2012 at 3:17 pm | Reply MdYour ignorance is quite evident.February 28, 2012 at 3:21 pm | Reply JimExactly! Look at all those countries with strict gun laws. School shootings in those countries are a daily occurence. In England alone school shootings happen so often that it does not even make the news anymore. A school shooting is just part of a regular day.  February 28, 2012 at 3:22 pm | Reply Jim"Why does America lead the world in school shootings?" . . . Is this a trick question?February 28, 2012 at 3:18 pm | Reply RobespierreIf the other kids had guns maybe they could have stopped the massacre.February 28, 2012 at 3:19 pm | Reply FugginMoronsDoubtful. Unless they had been trained in this high-stress situation, I wouldn't want frightful teens shooting it out with each other. Once the first round goes off and they all drawn-down on each other, you would be left with a significantly worse situation.February 28, 2012 at 3:22 pm | Reply FugginMorons"We need to arm everyone above the age of 6."That's working real well in Somalia I heard...February 28, 2012 at 3:20 pm | Reply DaveGun control sure, but it is how a life is respected and valued that is the key. I've never seen a society anywhere in the world so willing to blow another person away on an idividual basis than in the United States.February 28, 2012 at 3:20 pm | Reply DeMoukTry any country in Africa or the middle east.February 28, 2012 at 4:04 pm | Reply MongooseWe need more guns at schools. Imagine if my kid had a bazooka. Nobody would dare to shoot at him. Imagine if your kid carried a AK47. Who would dare bully him? Guns for everyone is the only way to go.February 28, 2012 at 3:21 pm | Reply JimYah but what if I can't afford a gun. Will there be a federal program to help poor afford guns for their kids?February 28, 2012 at 3:24 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsFunny you mention that... there's more violent crime among the poor. per capita, in the US than among the wealthy.  Yet the wealthy own more weapons, per capita, than any other group in the US.February 28, 2012 at 3:32 pm | Wilfrid Lazarre.Wow!  That means you give up with America. LOL. Close your Eyes for a minute imagine yourself as a parent, you sent your child to class with a hand gun and someone else send their son or daughter to the same class with an Ak47.  What do you expect to happen? Multiply that by 28 students with 28 different types of guns. Now you are the teacher, what would you do? Your comment make me laugh  How smart !February 28, 2012 at 3:57 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsI'm OK with you giving up your guns... just don't ask for mine.  When the Washington, DC gun ban was overturned by the Supreme Court  did any of you gun banners notice the huge reduction in violent crime when law abiding citizens armed themselves?  It's a matter of public record.February 28, 2012 at 3:21 pm | Reply Wilfrid Lazarre.This is a very thoughtful question, which will take days to answer by a master in philosophy, not psychiatric, not psychologist.  This person shouldnt be afraid to go in the fundamental development of the United State of America, since 1492, to 1776 to the creation of the KKK, not forgetting the police. The French has an old adage (Nothing lost Nothing created) Not too long ago I was watching Television I saw a police man teased a young girl; she felled and hit her head in the concrete, I spend days tormented I could not sleep, because CBS didnt follow up Im asking what happened to the poor Girl? Why the public dont say a thing at all? If she was a dog you will hear the outcry.  What going to happened to the police?  Did the police do what he was supposed to do which is: run after her, not to be the Judge and the executer at the same time? Did the poor young girl kill someone?  Did the police man considered the weight of the girl? I have so many unanswered questions for this morbid society its a disgrace, in conclusion young adult emulates the old. Teach them to appreciate life they will, teach them not to care they will do the same.February 28, 2012 at 3:22 pm | Reply AimI wish there was a like button:)  teach children to respect life......February 28, 2012 at 3:35 pm | Reply 13421totoI partially blame the media.  By endlessly speculating on the causes of an individual incident, and often suggesting that the shooting incident was a protest, a reaction to rebellion, cry for help, or whatever, the message is sent that a shooting incident is a way of communication that will have attention paid to it.  Going to school with a gun becomes a way to demonstrate just how unhappy a kid is.February 28, 2012 at 3:22 pm | Reply RLFGee, I don't know... maybe because we have more guns than people in this country?!February 28, 2012 at 3:23 pm | Reply macphileI have to wonder whether it's not feeding on itself. Some kid sees the Columbine thing and says, "Yeah, that's what I'll do." And it just keeps going. If Eric and Dylan had instead set off a pipe bomb in the cafeteria, would the next incident have been a bomb incident instead? I guess what I'm saying is that our youth aren't very original. Few people are.February 28, 2012 at 3:23 pm | Reply CLinstThis is the most simplified, short-sighted article I've ever read on this subject. It's superficial, shallow, and sheds no new light on anything. What exactly was its point? Americans are crazy, possess guns, and take drugs...just like everyone else. How terribly insightful. This is definitely one for your portfolio Dr. Frank.February 28, 2012 at 3:24 pm | Reply SPFI blame parents, all of them.  Parents have lost the ability to teach their kids right and wrong or that they won't get everything they want in life. Why do parents these days not raise there kids as they were raised.  The 99% of parents treating their kids like they are so special ensures that the 1% of them not getting that treatment are even further marginalized. It's not the medias fault, there was violence in the past, and we didn't go around shooting up the place when we broke up or were bullied. The problem lies with the Parenting of the new generations.February 28, 2012 at 3:27 pm | Reply gryphondogAmericans are nuts about guns and the need for them.  They twisted their consitution in the belief that it was meant asa green light for everyone to own and carry weapons: from handguns to assault rifles.February 28, 2012 at 3:27 pm | Reply Aimwow where do you live?  I am an American and I do not own a gun at all.  Do I believe that we have the right to bear arms?  I do.  But when we legally purchase a gun in our country we have a waiting period......not everyone is law abiding citizens......gun control is not the problem......its parents not teaching their children right from wrong and teaching them to respect the life of others.February 28, 2012 at 3:31 pm | Reply AimGuns can not kill people alone it must have a person pulling the trigger. Try to remember that we have the right to bear arms.  Obviously the person who gave this young man a gun should also be punished, but if he is declared an adult and had the mind of an adult then it sounds like he will get the death penalty or life in prison.  It is a very sad day when parents fear sending their children to school.  I grew up in Ohio and its hard to imagine this happening there......maybe its time to clean up our mental health system and stop sweeping it under the rug.  About being bullied:  parents need to teach their children to respect everyone.  If you don't like someone just don't talk to them.....because here's the problem:  bully someone and they could either kill you or kill themselves....which opens you (the parent) up for a lawsuit.  And respecting others is just the right thing to do.February 28, 2012 at 3:27 pm | Reply CluelessWhy?  Because parents are idiots, who lack in teaching their children no.  Parents don't want little Jimmy/Jenny to feel bad, won't teach them to take responsibiity for their actions.  It's that simple.February 28, 2012 at 3:29 pm | Reply GeorgeBecause children are sent to school and beaten with little legal protections to the low income students that are tortured.February 28, 2012 at 3:29 pm | Reply KevininvancouverI believe that the reason that America leads the world in school shootings is because there are more guns in the US than people.  If you compare Canada to the US, you will see the only real difference between the two countries are the amount of guns on the street particularly short guns or pistols.  In Canada, we don't have many school shootings, or shootings in general.  Some people would argue that because Canada has a higher standard of living and less poor people and that contributes to the problem  but I don't believe that.  To me, and I have dual citizenship and have lived in both countries, the biggest difference I have noticed are the amount of guns in the US  it really is that simple.  It is all about the guns people  guns kill people.February 28, 2012 at 3:29 pm | Reply RickSee what diversity does?February 28, 2012 at 3:29 pm | Reply knightforxWell, they did throw in the "per capita", but this is like pointing out that Texas has more prisoners on death row than any other state.  A huge part of it is simply that the U.S. is bigger than the whole of western Europe.  We're going to lead in EVERYTHING, good and bad.February 28, 2012 at 3:30 pm | Reply US needs a cultural revolutionLearn from the British or the Canadians about culture, impose gun control,  bring in some form of spirituality or the other (no religions), let the people transform themselves.February 28, 2012 at 3:30 pm | Reply BSHGun control has done NOTHING to reduce violence & homicide in the UK. Look at the stats: homicides trend steadily upwards over the last 40 years as gun control has gone all the way down the slippery slope to a gun ban.February 28, 2012 at 3:47 pm | Reply GuestFinally we lead the world in something again...February 28, 2012 at 3:31 pm | Reply Santa ClausSeung-Hui Cho killed 32 people at Virginia Tech, not 37.February 28, 2012 at 3:31 pm | Reply Santa ClausPlease make this correction in the article.February 28, 2012 at 3:33 pm | Reply VT StudentI tried to let them know earlier, apparently the research aspect of being part of media is non-existant.February 28, 2012 at 10:32 pm | hawkaiYou forgot income inequality!February 28, 2012 at 3:32 pm | Reply dyanleeTeach your kids not to bully, not to hate, to be tolerant of others.  Teach them integrity, goodness, honesty, and help them develop healthy self-esteems. Teach them love and respect for others.February 28, 2012 at 3:33 pm | Reply JimThat sounds so anti-American! You must be a democrat!  February 28, 2012 at 3:35 pm | Reply tough call...Kids don't always do what their parents teach them to do. They don't always adhere to the values we try to instill in them.  They're kids, after all...February 28, 2012 at 3:39 pm | Reply mike huntaccess to guns is the problem? my dad leaves his chain saw laying arround but ive never used it to cut down any trees.February 28, 2012 at 3:34 pm | Reply JimGuns are designed to kill. Chainsaws are not. If someone is planning a killing spree, they will look for implements that are designed to do the job effectively. Guns do the job effectively. Yes, you could kill someone with a chainsaw or a butter knife, but I doubt it would be the weapon of choice if there was a gun also available.February 28, 2012 at 3:39 pm | Reply mike huntyou missed my point. chain saws are designed to chop down trees. just because i have access to one doesnt mean im going to use it at its intended. same goes with guns. i had access to my dads when i was in school, and as an adult i have access to my own. ive never used a gun to shoot anyone. the problem is bad parenting, not guns.February 28, 2012 at 3:56 pm | tough call...Love the "Porky's" reference!February 28, 2012 at 3:47 pm | Reply GregThis is such a no-brainer that only an American news site could pose such a question...Most homes in my country, Canada, don't have guns, and if they DO they're unwieldy hunting rifles that aren't easily concealed. Europe's the same. We still get kids being violent, but they know that if they bring a readily-available knife to school, they're not going to wreak the kind of carnage they would with a gun.February 28, 2012 at 3:34 pm | Reply BucklesSpot on.February 28, 2012 at 3:49 pm | Reply RLFAim: ThInk you're on to something there. Parents are supposed to be legally responsible for their children's actions, but this is rarely inforced in most states. Send the parents to jail when the kids shoot someone. Bet that would begin to slow this tide of irresponsibility. And double the sentance if the kids use the parents firearms in committing the crime. Bet more of these weapons would get effectively locked up, with th kids using them only with adult supervision... as it should be. Duh.February 28, 2012 at 3:34 pm | Reply Audie MurphyThree letters: N.R.A. That stands for Nutcase Republican Army. They no longer represent the legitimate interests of collectors and sportsmen. They are just a wing of the GOP. I'm all for the responsible use of firearms but owners should be highly trained and the industry better regulated. There are too many guns in the hands of too many idiots.February 28, 2012 at 3:35 pm | Reply Reason123This article is simple minded and pitiful journalism. I know it has only been a day since this incident, but do not post such poor work online over a topic that is intriguing. This requires much more research than was given. I was really looking forward to an insightful article that turned out to be CNN's poor journalistic capability. Judging by what others have said, I am not the only. CNN needs to pull themselves together and get some real media work done.February 28, 2012 at 3:36 pm | Reply MikeThe comments about the gun laws ignore the main huge fact in almost all crimes.  Those that commit the crimes do not legally have access to the firearms used in the crime.  For example someone under 21 can not carry firearms making the school shooting in Ohio not an issue for gun control.  Sawed off shotguns are illegal in every state without permits making the Columbine shooting illegal.  People held against their will for behavioral health issues are not allowed to possess firearms, making the VT shooting illegal.  When I say illegal i mean the possession of the firearms not the other intentional illegal act that people already are comitting.   You also can't ignore the fact that access to firearms exists outside of legal realms and that is how the vast majority of criminals obtain them, either by stealing them, buying them from illegal vendors, or from having someone else buy them for them.  Creating more laws does not in any way improve those situations and only further hinders the people that follow the law.  The solution is in stricter punishment for violating gun laws, and SEVERE penalties for those that assist in the illegal acquistion of firearms whether its illegal dealers or family/friends that purchase by proxy.February 28, 2012 at 3:38 pm | Reply 2AAnd yet we're still not getting at the heart of the matter.  40 or 50 years ago a 16 year old could walk into a hardware store and buy a deer rifle or shotgun.  He'd take that rifle to school and then meet up with his dad afterward to do some hunting.  The thought of using that rifle on his classmates never entered his mind.  Fast forward to today.  What has changed in our society where it has now become a viable option in the eyes of the kid to consider blowing away his classmates as a means of expressing his anger?  And why is he that angry in the first place?I have no idea what the answers are to those questions but I know they need to be answered before we have any hope of stopping this from happening.February 28, 2012 at 3:40 pm | Reply The PhantomI have no better understanding of the problem that do those that write media articles.  But, I have wondered if our obsession with ever larger schools might be a cause.  Once I had a company president express his concern that he no longer could personally know all his employees.  My response was that he had employees that had never heard of him.  When I was in high school (the 50s) our principle knew every student (even those that were just pupils).  The school my children attended in the 70s and 80s had 2200 students.  I would wager that some of those students couldn't name the principle.  The existence of the possibility for a child to become lost in the crowd would be an understatement.  Feeling alone and hopeless must be the norm for many of them.  We are a social "animal"; and, as such we need leadership for mental health.February 28, 2012 at 3:40 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsDid you ever notice that uneducated, poor Somalia pirates like to attack defenseless cargo ships?  They know enough not to go after an armed warship  or if they do, Darwin prevails and the dumb ones are eliminated.  Same theory works in an armed and unarmed citizenry.  Pick the group you prefer.February 28, 2012 at 3:40 pm | Reply georgeOkay another so called number gimmic... If your going to say us has more frequent shootings then lets put it in relative terms.  Us is a big country with lots of cities and towns and a large population... Next choose democratic and free countries to compare. There are none that large so how about justifying the math you used to come to that conclusion.Also in coutries where guns aren't prevalent how about looking into stabbings and beatings with objects or beatings in general. I think you will find when there are no guns then violence just shifts to the next best thing. Although a gun does make a weaker person feel stronger and someone with a gun on impulse can do alot of  killing and wounding before stopped so in that aspect its different but you can't just compare a very large free population to smaller countries with less freedom when makeing a statement like that.February 28, 2012 at 3:40 pm | Reply Dave1. Gun Culture2. Lack of respect of others, other lives and respect of one's selfFebruary 28, 2012 at 3:40 pm | Reply JJDave . this is  exactly  it . with the emphasis  on number  2  . mate   . well done daveFebruary 28, 2012 at 3:47 pm | Reply DaveThanks JJ. I'm from Toronto Canada, where are you from? I lived in Chicago, in Europe and up here. The States....it's like night and day down there. I've never seen so man trigger happy people of all ages. Trigger happy over the littlest of offenses and people so willing to kill another...98% over something comparably trivial. Respect. It all starts there.February 28, 2012 at 3:59 pm | JBLook at the increased rate of psychotropic drugs being dished out to children in this country and you will find your answer.  These drugs cause suicidal and homicidal behavior.  Of course psychiatrists and big pharma continue to peddle them as they make hundreds of billions for them each year.February 28, 2012 at 3:40 pm | Reply dawnO' JB, I've been trying to get this point across for so many years... every time I watch another tragedy occur, I struggle to point out Rx psychotropic drugs, Black Box Warnings, textbook symptoms... Despite, Americans still want to argue about guns. Forget guns.Americans, wake up! You are drugging yourselves and your kids into psychosis! Since 1991, many experienced people have been battling Washington and the FDA to alert folks. The BLACK BOX Warnings are there for a reason! Heed them!February 28, 2012 at 4:30 pm | Reply DaveThere IS a single, certain, obvious answer. Xanax and other experimental drugs, especially SSRI's, simulate long term sleep deprivation by inhibiting the natural brain chemical cycle. This, in turn, can create psychopathic rages in the vulnerable, especially the young. Withdrawal from these drugs is worse than from heroin, again overwhelming the brain chemistry with wild swings in neurotransmitter cycling. Megadoses of Vitamin B, especially B1, are the only way to mitigate the effects. I only say this because it may someday save some lives.February 28, 2012 at 3:41 pm | Reply dawnThank You, Dave! It's refreshing to see others who understand the devastation from these Rx drugs we all see advertised on American television and in magazines (as though they were a pack of M&M's). When you hear possible side effects including: suicide, homicide, mania and psychosis... clearly, MANY people must have experienced such horrors and are battling the FDA  to get the warnings labels out. Drug Free School Zone is an Oxymoron.Thanks again, Dave!February 28, 2012 at 4:37 pm | Reply gunrightsaccess to guns is not the problem or else there would not be a single kid left in schools in the south and midwest. The problem is unstable kids with bad family life and parenting with access to those guns.February 28, 2012 at 3:42 pm | Reply spentI am 68 and we had guns in the 1940's for you liberals.  We had fights at school, bully's, cry babies (like many youth today), haters, lovers, malcontents, rebels, nice people, bad people, come on guns were not used at school. My family had guns in their home and they just sat until it was time for hunting or target shooting, not to take to school and shoot someone because , why, ya didn't like em'.  Guns are NOT the problem.  Got to look deeper inside and find the problem!February 28, 2012 at 3:44 pm | Reply BrunoThe real reason why USA leads the school shooting is because american nation doesn't know how to loose.And when i to refer to the word "loose" i want to relact simple things, such as a simple discussion, a football game, a talk to discuss who is the best politician or something else. Anything is a motive to start a fight or to prove the superiority in the opinion.That's why the whole world suffer, that's why the families that have lost their children are suffering right now and that's the main principle that will conduct world to chaos in the future  the simple fact that americans think they can do everything.February 28, 2012 at 3:50 pm | Reply BillyWe're number one!February 28, 2012 at 3:46 pm | Reply DaveAccess to guns is not the problem. When I was in high school, guys would show up at school with hunting rifles hanging on racks in the back window of their pickup trucks, planning to go hunting after school. If they got into a fight, no one even thought about going out and getting their gun and shooting someone. You never heard about school shootings then. Guys (and girls) got into fights, but no one pulled weapons. Revenge for the loser? Sometimes, but never with weapons.The problem is that we've stopped teaching our children about morals, consequences for their actions, respect for others, SELF CONTROL. We don't hold them accountable for their own actions (blaming the parents, society, bad water, whatever). They never have to take responsibility for themselves. It's always someone else's fault. Our society says you should get what you want when you want, and if someone gets in your way, deal with them.It's not the guns, it's what our society is teaching each successive generation. God help our grandchildren and great grandchildren when the grow up. Assuming we haven't completely cannabalized each other by then.February 28, 2012 at 3:47 pm | Reply tough call...Rather than no longer "teaching" our children our values, we're no longer demonstrating our values.  O wait a minute, we are demonstrating our real values in front of our children.  The problem is that we aren't honest with ourselves about what our values really are.  Our children are reacting naturally according to the society in which they find themselves.  We want kids to change... we show them how by changing ourselves!February 28, 2012 at 4:00 pm | Reply someGuyI see alot of people saying things like 'guns are a tool' and 'if they didn't have guns they'd find another way to kill people' How quickly could someone kill 10 people with a knife? How quickly could someone kill 10 people with a glock? Guns are not to be put in the same vein as melee weapons. These troubled kids may still kill, but perhaps we can at least reduce the casualties to single digits.February 28, 2012 at 3:47 pm | Reply JCWHY do 1/3 of American households have at LEAST one gun? Answer that first and then we might have a clue as to why things like this KEEP happening. THE REDCOATS ARE COMING......!?February 28, 2012 at 3:47 pm | Reply spentYou cannot control human behavior.  Self control is out of control, and look what these children are exposed to in the world.  I did not have a T.V. when I was growing up..These kids do not understand that when someone is "killed on t.v." they go to the bank that day to deposit the money they earned from the movies.  Parent's, where are the parents?  Violence is in their face everyday, video games, oh, the list goes on...But look inside the family home and see what is happening and you may find an answer.February 28, 2012 at 3:49 pm | Reply Kevin RobertsThe real reason is because the media glorifies these stories and gives kids the idea that this is what they can do if they can't solve their problems. It isn't video games or TV. It isn't music or bullies or guns. It's the media.February 28, 2012 at 3:49 pm | Reply traumai think its more that they don't have a language to actually have the conversation.February 28, 2012 at 9:21 pm | Reply HeatherThe reason why the US is number one in school shootings is because we do not have corporal punishment in schools any longer, let alone parents can't even discipline there kids without the threat of going to jail for child abuse.  SPARE THE ROD, spoil the child.February 28, 2012 at 3:50 pm | Reply Willie[sarcasm]Because it's our right[/sarcasm]February 28, 2012 at 3:50 pm | Reply tough call...The problem is that we've gone way too far with the right to bear arms.  It just doesn't make sense for guns to be in as many households as they are in in our country.February 28, 2012 at 3:53 pm | Reply DaveCould it be frivious lawsuits impede the schools ability to control thier populations. I do believe as a responsible gun owner and father it is my responsibility to keep guns out of my sons hand. Unfortunatley I had to leqaern this from lossing a son to suicide with a firearm. Gone are the days where we grew up respecting firearms...February 28, 2012 at 3:53 pm | Reply DaveInteresting. We have lots of kids doing lots of drugs and sleep deprived in Canada. Not one of them has gone to school on a shooting rampage. Doing so, simply does not enter their minds or us parents. It is something that simply is not done or ever considered in conflict resolution....ever. Listen and respect others. Adheare to rules and laws. Show self control. Teach your children respect and demonstrate respect everyday to them and to others, without exception.February 28, 2012 at 3:54 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsInteresting comment because Canada ranks among the top 1/3 in numbers of weapons per capita in the world.  Gottq keep those grizzlies at bay...February 28, 2012 at 4:00 pm | Reply BucklesAs an American who has lived abroad (Canada, Britain, Europe), I find American kids to be half as bright and ten times more narcissistic. Not surprising that this type of sad event rarely occurs in other countries. Mmmm.  And since the American rhetoric is, "Guns don't kill people" let's give all the kids guns and we'll settle this debate. I'm betting that the attrition will mean a roll back on school levies, something more important to the American populus than actually solving the problem of school violence. That's scarcasm.February 28, 2012 at 3:57 pm | Reply 222jocobecause american kids are the worlds largest users of first shooter games.  All those hours on the screen shooting and killing desensitizes the youth of this country, throw in a kid with real world hurt and issues and the next step is pretty logical (for them)February 28, 2012 at 3:57 pm | Reply aI would say negligent parents for not properly locking their guns up, but anyone can get a stolen/imported gun off the street.Maybe they just don't get enough attention? maybe it's bullies?When a kid feels isolated/doesn't get involved in sports, social groups, etc, he'll do stuff like this 1/10 times. That said, not every introvert is a psychopath.   I think we should study him while he's in prison rotting for the rest of his life.February 28, 2012 at 3:58 pm | Reply JoshYou really have to ask? with the nra battle cry 'From my cold dead hands!"*sigh*  let the whole 'guns dont kill people, people kill people" rant begin.February 28, 2012 at 3:59 pm | Reply sandzMost kids that harbor a fantasy is not going to follow through, so blaming the community seems like an over reach.  If they were all going to do it, we'd have a shooting a day.   I can agree that culture plays a big part in all this.  But so do numbers.  The US has the 3rd highest population in the world. China and India are first.  Nearly all of the other "First World Countries" have far less than a third of the US population.February 28, 2012 at 3:59 pm | Reply WDinDallasSimple....more practice.February 28, 2012 at 4:00 pm | Reply STOPTHEWORLDIWANNAGETOFFAmericans are insane, that's why they are the number one in violenceFebruary 28, 2012 at 4:00 pm | Reply NewtonSell more video games to these crooks while on teenage years, keep on the ban on religion studies from American  schools, keep selling guns to civilians and please please keep on the bullying soft rules.February 28, 2012 at 4:02 pm | Reply GoZippyGoThe US also leads the world in automobile deaths too...   So ?February 28, 2012 at 4:02 pm | Reply DPCFOHProbably not per capita, as we do in school related shootings as the article clearly pointed out.February 28, 2012 at 4:10 pm | Reply NewtonAnd leads the world in ignorance when it  comes to politics.February 28, 2012 at 4:04 pm | Reply RussDuh maybe it's cause we have more guns than everyone else put together?  Jeez let's put Dick Tracy on the case to figure this out!February 28, 2012 at 4:05 pm | Reply LeonoraI just think that there are too many kids left alone. Not enough is done in the communities to keep these kids busy. Kids need to be busy, engage in activities!! The rich can afford these activities but the ones that cant (especially the ones abandoned by their parents, like this poor kid!) should also have a chance to grow in a stimulating environment. Tax money should be used to keep these kids in after-school activities, have them meet some role model (it could be the piano teacher, a coach, a theater class). If we really think about it, we all know a kid abandoned by the parent who could be doing this exact thing any day, any time.February 28, 2012 at 4:06 pm | Reply DPCFOHI love the people who say that they have guns to keep people from breaking into their house.  I think if you look at the statistics, most house break-ins occur when nobody is home.  Yes thieves are stupid, but most of them are smart enough not to break into a house with the people in it (yeah, I've heard of home robberies, but those usually involve people with a lot of cash/jewels or drug dealers).February 28, 2012 at 4:06 pm | Reply DescartesDumb question of the week. Because the United States leads the world in facilitating access to guns.February 28, 2012 at 4:07 pm | Reply BrunoI do believe very strong that the real reason why america does lead the statistics of shooting and death at schools, is because the american people haves a superiority complex.February 28, 2012 at 4:07 pm | Reply GIUKBecause Americans, in spite of all our talk about inalienable human rights, all men being created equal, etc, etc, really cant stand each other.February 28, 2012 at 4:08 pm | Reply Dan BednarikI don't care what anyone says - it starts in the home.  Everything that is entertainment today involves killing and violence. Couple that to the instant access to information on the web or via smart phones...... you end up with a nation of kids on overload with no parental mentoring because the parents are equally messed up.February 28, 2012 at 4:08 pm | Reply Patrick@Dan BednarikI agree it is a lack of parenting, however the idea that TV, movies, video games are to blame was debunked 10 years ago.February 28, 2012 at 4:21 pm | Reply JohnTougher gun laws wouldn't have stopped this. He's a minor, he can't purchase weapons anyway.February 28, 2012 at 4:09 pm | Reply eamonBecause the USA has to be Number One in everything?February 28, 2012 at 4:09 pm | Reply stanyeah everything BADFebruary 28, 2012 at 4:15 pm | Reply Mattias LAs a swede I have to say that the whole question seems kind of obvious. We have "failure by classmates, parents and school officials to see the warning signs; bullying and revenge; serious mental illness; violent role models; drugs..." but we don't have easy access to firearms. This leads to violence in schools, children fight, they use knifes and so on. But they don't shoot each other!February 28, 2012 at 4:11 pm | Reply GoZippyGoBetter knock on wood Mattias...  your neighbors in Norway saw a gunmen massacre 80+ unarmed citizens just last year  despite a gun ban in that country.February 28, 2012 at 4:15 pm | Reply RobertBaseball bats can also be a deadly weapon.  How come we don't see a rash of killings by baseball bat?  I believe it is the operator's fault, and NOT the particular choice of weapon.  Don't focus on the weapon.  Focus on the OPERATOR.February 28, 2012 at 4:13 pm | Reply DPCFOHThe reason you don't see it is because when somebody wants to kill someone they realize that a gun is far more efficient and just as easy to get as a baseball bat (yeah, I know they cost more, but you can still buy them just about anywhere).  And, I'll bet that most baseball attacks by people don't end in death, but most attacks by a gun usually do.February 28, 2012 at 4:19 pm | Reply Hannah007How about lower family time in America? How many families these days still have dinner together? I'd say that is a major lacking factor in these troubled kidsFebruary 28, 2012 at 4:13 pm | Reply DaveAny society that condones shooting and killing a person who enters a home to steal a tv should have its' collective heads examined.February 28, 2012 at 4:14 pm | Reply GoZippyGoAny theaf who enters an armed citizens home just proved Darwin's Theory.February 28, 2012 at 4:17 pm | Reply DPCFOHWhat if they enter the armed citizens home when they aren't home?  Does that stop them from stealing stuff when they see that guns are inside the house?  I'm guessing they just steal the guns because they're the most valuable thing in there, and real easy to sell on the street.February 28, 2012 at 4:23 pm | DanUnfortunately, I think that your focus on gun access is misplaced. While I personally loathe guns, and wholly support stricter gun regulations, I do not think that gun access is a significant factor in school shootings. Many countries, such as Canada, have equally lax gun regulations/laws, but do not have a corresponding problem with school shootings. Free access to guns creates a whole host of social and equitable problems, but it is not the cause of school shootings.Rather, I think more blame should be placed on media outlets such as CNN and FoxNews that glorify these events. When a school shooting occurs, 24 hour media outlets convene on these small communities in droves. They exploit tragedy for higher ratings, and profit off of these disasters. It is no secret that CNN and other media outlets charge higher rates for advertising during "crisis" events when viewership and demand for news information increases. You glorify the tragedy, and ensure that the killers actions will be broadcast nonstop in millions of American homes. Angry, disenchanted, and confused teenagers know that a killing spree will be covered nonstop for days, and it is this attention that they seek.February 28, 2012 at 4:14 pm | Reply WilsonBecause this is America. I cannot believe that there are no bullies in other countries- not sure how closely demographics  of other countries are to ours but cross cultural comparsions are always difficult at best so let's simply ask the question: Why are there more shootings with the current generations than those before them? What are the differences? People have always had guns, people have always been bullied so it is not that simple. No generation has EVER had the amount of social indoctrination as far as respect, tolerance, anti-bullying, etc., etc. and there have always been bad homes, bad parents so what is it? What changes have occurred over the last thirty to twenty years to bring us to this place where our children shoot each other. We educate them on alcohol use, drug use, we accept different life styles more than we did, we have more formal events like sports, we spend more...so why? Who gives a rats butt about other countries...what have we done to create an environment where our kids turn on  each other with guns as a means of dealing with each other.  This is not to say we did not before settle things peacefully- we carried knives, chains, clubs so the weapon of choice has changed  then again, the favorite saying, even among those who run our country is, 'the brought a knife to a gun fight" and we take great public pride in murdering our adversaries and televise it and cheer it and then we celebrate it over and over again in video, games, movies...these things supposedly do not contribute so what is left? I blame the Clevers, Wally and the Beave.February 28, 2012 at 4:15 pm | Reply DPCFOHThis quote is from the eighth paragraph "There is no evidence that America, compared to other nations, has more bullies, more bullying, more victimization, and more victims who are ticking time bombs, hatching plots of lethal vengeance." It really does help to read the whole article before posting a comment.February 28, 2012 at 4:34 pm | Reply Joshua Luddsocial conservatism, rigid gender roles, a ludicrous approach to mental health issues, an economy that forces both parents to work full time, a crumbling school system that gets more and more like prison every year, and the easy availability of guns.February 28, 2012 at 4:16 pm | Reply EricAmerican culture is quite violent, saturated with fire arms, and we are, as a society, obsessed with guns and gun ownership. If we were obsessed with knives and knife ownership, there would probably be a lot more school stabbings. Of course, it's harder to stab large groups of people to death at a school.February 28, 2012 at 4:17 pm | Reply WilsonWest Side Story-  everyone carreid knifes when I was a kid. We threw rocks as a daily oddurrence at one another. Guns were around and even easier to get ahold of because they were kept in the closet loaded. It isn't what is in the hand, it is what causes one to pick it up and pull the trigger- taking the gun away does not alter fact that if you want to kill and are willing to kill you will attempt to kill. It runs deeper than a simple gimmicky slogan and opinion of guns. Honestly, to me, it is the politicization of every aspect of social life and the idea that rules and laws are becoming meaningless and trivial human creations meant simply to control one another.  Adolescents see the hypocrasy of what we try to sell them at perhaps one of the scariest periods of their lives. When we do not agree as a nation on basic human respect for each other and we emulate disrespect becaseu of what someone thinks, or who they wish to vote for or argue over rather mundae things (at least to an adolescent) such as contraception which is already readily available to THEM) hwat do they grasp hold of...what do they have to look forward to. I, for one, am glad as heck I am not a kid in the world they are growing up in. The answer does not lie in a program, it lies with us and the world we put together for them based on how we treat each other and it isn;t about winning or losing but coming together to move forward together.  The gun...just an answer to a world with too much chaos.February 28, 2012 at 4:31 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsYou would rather be unarmed when someone enters your home to steal from you ?February 28, 2012 at 4:19 pm | Reply Jason MackenzieBetter parenting is the only solution to this problem.  If you don't want to know what is going on with your minor children's lives...then don't have them.  Parents must know their children.  Many parents today have absolutely zero control over their children.February 28, 2012 at 4:20 pm | Reply JorgeOne reason is that this country's media bombards kids with appallingly stupid, fantasy notions of what is acceptable behavior, idealizing antisocial characters in a greed-infested race to sell records, movies, games and overpriced clothes. Another reason is that American society disenfranchises youth more every day; quality time with family, part-time work, mentoring and apprenticeship opportunities, no-cost recreation facilities and outdoor surroundings that are minor-safe are today harder and harder to come by, because they are not a priority for this society anymore. I suspected it when I came back to the 'states, and now I'm sure of it, this country is no longer what it once was, and it will devour itself, because it does not tend to it's seed.February 28, 2012 at 4:20 pm | Reply Shane McGuireIn the case of potentially already speaking for some.  The reason why we're No.1?  No where near tight enough gun control laws.  People want to fight for their guns until one of their kids are killed.February 28, 2012 at 4:20 pm | Reply JNairBecause guns are freely available. Making guns available in the name of self protection in a country which is relatively free of crime (when compared to other countries) is very bad. Let Police protect citizens, Take guns away. In addition, put more restrictions on violent games available on XBOX, WII etcFebruary 28, 2012 at 4:21 pm | Reply glydertake away the guns?will it work as well as the drug laws?you can't be that stupid.February 28, 2012 at 4:29 pm | Reply T PipeDoes anyone know what percentage of gun crimes are committed by legally obtained guns? If make guns illegal to own, only criminals will have guns. If these kids decided to kill people with steak knives would you want steak knives taken away? What other things are illegal for people own? Drugs? Yes they can get them. Alchol under age? Yes they can get that too. Why is it that this always turns to gun control? Ask anyone in jail with a B&E conviction what their biggest fear is, a homeowner with protection.February 28, 2012 at 4:31 pm | Reply hjkhjkh666hunfortunately we are #1 in all the WRONG thinge these days.#1 in drug use, #1 in percentage of population in jail, #1 in school shootings, etc, etc.Why cant we be #1 in things that matter, like education, health care, quality of living, you know the little things....February 28, 2012 at 4:21 pm | Reply OldMoReplacing Judeo-Christian values with moral relativism?  Not valuing life because we're taught we're the result of some cosmic accident?  We're taught we're not responsible for our actions because we're like meat puppets controlled by our dna. Entertainment and media bombarding people with violent images and messages?  Etc., etc., etc..February 28, 2012 at 4:21 pm | Reply Jim HadleyForgot to mention the post-modern philosophy, that is the single biggest of all reasons for all crimes. Yes we have guns, thanks to the second amendments, but take that away and only the criminals will have guns. Yes bullying, yes we have mental disorders but character and moral development in schools have been replaced with basic disregard for the basic human right LIFE.February 28, 2012 at 4:22 pm | Reply glyderif guns were outlawed he wouldn't be able to shoot.just like drugs.February 28, 2012 at 4:25 pm | Reply tanya1)  Teach your kids right from wrong.2)  Pay attention to your kids and notice and ask questions when they are acting sad or depressed.  (It's called being a parent.  And yes, sometimes you may be exhausted and it might be at an inconvenient time but spending 15 minutes saying "you look down.  What's bothering you?" tells your kid you care about him/her.)3)  Don't try to buy your kids' love by buying them every violent video game they ask for.  I guarantee you they will never look back as adults and say "What a crappy parent I had!  She/he refused to buy me "Battlefield"!"  Your kid will appreciate the fact that you actually cared about him/her.February 28, 2012 at 4:26 pm | Reply AmyWell the answer is VERY obvious: Is all about guns access!it's easy for a kid to get his father's gun, his father shouldn't have a gun at home.February 28, 2012 at 4:27 pm | Reply SeanAs a whole, there isnt much difference between Canada and the USA as a socity except for one HUGE difference when it comes to crimes like this. Access to guns. We have gun laws, no handguns are legal here and getting access to a firearm is 1000x more difficult. So the proof in in the pudding people.February 28, 2012 at 4:27 pm | Reply akahnExpect this if you are pro gun rights.  Make them easy and simple to get as they are and don't be surprised when situations like this happen.  Doesn't take a genius to figure that out.  Now that is of course one of the issues.  Another one is the complete medication of so many youth today, seems like no kid can act like a kid without adults thinking they need to be on med for this or for that.  American youths have become the next drug laced society.  From Prozac to Lithium to whatever it is, people have over reacted and now it seems every kid should be doped up on these drugs.  Over prescription by adult and you create a generation of medically un-balanced youth who grow up, not being a kid, but a zombie generationFebruary 28, 2012 at 4:27 pm | Reply wcb2009that's easy.  becasue the US has more guns than any other country in the world and they are fairly easy for anyone to get their hands on.February 28, 2012 at 4:29 pm | Reply JeffThis article does not answer its question of why America has more school shootings than other countries.  In my humble opinion, I was born and raised in Thailand where school shooting has not been the annual ritual just yet.  I think that one of the problem of kids in this country is the diversity of ethnics and cultures make the kids divided into their own kind. The lack of empathy is also obvious compare with where I was from.  Also, bullying is the major factor to this problem.  Don't say that there is no evidence that America has more bullies than others.  America does has more bullies in school than Thailand does.February 28, 2012 at 4:30 pm | Reply mohThe stupid lows in the US dividing families and causing a lot of pain in families drive kids to do the wrong things, I experienced that myself,when a father and mother the stupid police in OH take both of them to jail, what kind of stupid thing to do, and most of the time the kids are the victimsFebruary 28, 2012 at 4:31 pm | Reply lance corporalUSA USA we're #1 we're #1....... hmmm wait a minperhaps because we're no longer #1 in education? perhaps because we left our sense of community behind in the last few decades as a political party used our fears and prejudices to divide us? perhaps the pervasive meanness you see online is also getting taught to those folks kids....... boy I can think of a bunch of reasons.........February 28, 2012 at 4:32 pm | Reply PeterAbout a hundred kids will die to in America today by drowning in swimming pools, car accidents, falling off bicycles and falling down steps. No one will call for a ban to cars, bicycles, swimming pools or steps...February 28, 2012 at 4:32 pm | Reply DPCFOHBecause those are accidents.  And over the years there have been things done to help prevent those, like fences around pools, airbags, teaching kids to wear helmets, etc.  Besides, when's the last time somebody brought a swimming pool to school to drown somebody in?  That's why there's no ban on bringing a swimming pool to school.February 28, 2012 at 4:44 pm | Reply KimActually, if parents would burn their televisions this would not be a problem in the USA. TV's are raising children, parents are not.February 28, 2012 at 4:32 pm | Reply so...The US may lead in school shootings, but we are far, far, far behind in violence against women, children, et al. Guns are another weapon to utilize. The following didn't use guns, but they were pretty effective in their intent, no?http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/mar/08/nigeria-sectarian-massacre-babieshttp://articles.cnn.com/2010-03-27/world/congo.massacre_1_congo-massacre-human-rights-watch-lra?_s=PM:WORLDhttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/04/02/ivory-coast-massacre-1000-killed-duekoue_n_844000.htmlViolence is not an American problem. It is a human problem.February 28, 2012 at 4:33 pm | Reply Dave the ButcherSchool shootings is just the by-product of the American culture. Period. Our entire system denigrates individualism. Our bottom line is this 1. Work 2. Buy Junk 3. repeat. Success equals profit, nothing else matters. Money uber alles.February 28, 2012 at 4:33 pm | Reply darlenewho writes this crap? really? the problem beneath this is freaking children being put on psych drugs. Simple. And the fact that they are raised in homes with abuse and negligent parents. Or raised by ppl that are blind to their kids issues. It is the psychs that profit off this from all the big pharma and pushing little kids onto these mind altering meds. God help us. Our country is the most sedated , blind, sugar filled, crap filled, and medicated.February 28, 2012 at 4:34 pm | Reply BloodofNordsSure...lets blame all crimes on inanimate objects.February 28, 2012 at 4:35 pm | Reply DsyncThe real question is, when its statistically so insignificant why does it matter/get so much attention. Lightning strikes don't get this kind of attention. Note, i'm only referring of course to certain types of school shootings, inner city/poverty stricken areas can remain as ignored as they have always been.February 28, 2012 at 4:35 pm | Reply DarrenLet me start by saying I am a gun owner and an avid hunter. All my guns are securely locked in safes.  I have two little girls, 4 and 7, and there is no aspect of their life that my wife and I are not involved in. We notice every change in their behavior and automatically inquire as to what is wrong or different. Thats what good parenting is! Lets stop blaming an inanimate object, the gun, and start placing the blame where it rightfully belongs, the parents. Arrest the parents as well and place stiffer laws for accountability on them.February 28, 2012 at 4:35 pm | Reply SamuelThat is very simple. In the U.S. we don't believe in reasoned responses to any issue. We think every issue is a all or nothing issue. We believe if we give even a reasonable amount on an issue those that oppose our stance will take full advantage of us. Because this is the way we believe itis the way we act. It is a self fulfilling prophesy.February 28, 2012 at 4:36 pm | Reply johnnSeems to me the biggest issue is where is the parenting responsibility;If I see my kid as a goth  well that would be a red flag something is wrong.February 28, 2012 at 4:38 pm | Reply stevenNRA NRA NRA.February 28, 2012 at 4:38 pm | Reply cp125This is so simple: GUNS...GUNS....GUNS....AND MORE GUNS.And, of course, the brainwashing of the people, that it's all right to carry guns everywhere.One day, someone in power will actually wake up & smell the gunpowder and then maybe we become a civilized nation and not a nation of vigilantees and crazies.February 28, 2012 at 4:38 pm | Reply RickVThere are about 4 million legal guns within a half day ride of Washington DC. The day someone in power does try to ban guns they will smell gunpowder.February 28, 2012 at 4:55 pm | Reply stevenNRA NRA NRA.  The biggest cause is the poliferation of guns in the US.  The biggest advocate of guns everywhere is the NRA.  If guns were not so available or easy to reach, there would be fewer deaths by guns.February 28, 2012 at 4:41 pm | Reply HannahIt's pretty simple; the availability of guns to everyone.Anyone can buy a gun, even if you are mentally ill and guns are everywhere.February 28, 2012 at 4:41 pm | Reply JIf we compare the US with other countries in terms of the reasons that trigger these kind of killings, most problems we have are seen in other countries also. However one striking difference between us and other countries is access to guns. One of our most important basic values is living peacefully and letting other live the same way. I do not understand how guns help us here. Nowhere in the peace loving part of the world guns have acquired more importance than it has in the US.  We in the USA are obsessed with guns. We just can't accept gun control to the extent that people who talk about it are ridiculed. There are many sophisticated excuses given by people that guns are 'tools' or 'pens dont cause mis-spellings how can guns cause killings'. However there is a serous need to consider on the issue. I have talked to several people about their reason to acquire a gun, the most common reason is to protect themselves. Why in the first place am I required to protect myself, just because someone else who should not have access to guns has access to guns.Where does this stop? It has to stop at the source.We need to consider the era when Second Amendment was written. It is several centuries after that now. Everything has to adapt with changing times or else it becomes outdated. It is time to change the outdated concepts.I bet no matter what information sharing and education we impart to people as long as we have easy access to guns, we will face these kind of problems.February 28, 2012 at 4:41 pm | Reply JeramieH> someone else who should not have access to guns has access to gunsWe'll just tack that problem onto our list between "finding a cure for cancer" and "ending world hunger".February 28, 2012 at 4:53 pm | Reply lance corporalOK now this one if gonna sound like a stretch but because of the "war on drugs"...........wha???????I grew up in a horribly abusive home and yes I mean horribly (yeah yeah poor me, well I DID get over it and I'm now 55 and a very well adjusted person) fortunately it was the 70s and pot was readily available, starting at around 13 I got high and stayed that way till I joined the marines at 17, I never hurt myself or anyone else and I'm serious it really made all the difference and no I am not now a drug user of any kind incl alcohol.... if it wasn't for that I really believe I would have ended up "dead or in prison" I mean it, yes it was self medicating but it worked, it got me thruI know this is an odd one and wouldn't work for every one but when I look back on those awful awful years, I always think thank god for the ganja....... this is a true storyFebruary 28, 2012 at 4:43 pm | Reply PeterThe highest murder rate per capita in the world by guns and other instruments is surely not Americe, but countries with strict gun control laws, Mexico, South Africa, Jamaica, Venusala and Zimbawaba. Just to name a few.February 28, 2012 at 4:43 pm | Reply bluemax77In the industrialized world America is second. I know no one wants to hear it but there you are and its no secrecy as to why.  Other nations know, we seem to be the only ones who cant figure it out  talk about not seeing the wood for the trees. How dumb a question like this makes us all look...February 28, 2012 at 4:52 pm | Reply bluemax77Try a rampage with a knife and see how fare you get...February 28, 2012 at 4:54 pm | Reply caldyThe problem with guns is that they are often used in the heat of the moment.  If you have to to make a special effort to find a gun to perpetrate an act of revenge then there is a good chance that you'll calm down and reconsider your course of action by the time you get hold of a gun.  Emotionally charged teens and guns simply don't mix, and the USA is living proof.February 28, 2012 at 4:44 pm | Reply TedYeah,  This kid never thought about it before he did it.  LOLFebruary 28, 2012 at 4:53 pm | Reply KarenLOTS OF HATERS ARE ON THIS BLOG............SHAME ON YA'LLFebruary 28, 2012 at 4:44 pm | Reply bluemax77You have to ask, really..? Jesus we are lost...!!February 28, 2012 at 4:46 pm | Reply V. D. MuttaThe #1 thing is to:* Get help for mentally ill* Strike fear in the hearts of sociopaths so they won't try a school shootingWhen school shootings happen, the shooter MUST be captured alive at all costs! Don't allow them to chew the cyanide pill or shoot themselves!Then have an independent authority determine if the person is a sociopath. If so, the state needs to inflict the most severe punishment legally possible, and make a propaganda campaign used to terrorize sociopaths into behaving.February 28, 2012 at 4:48 pm | Reply RickVWe aren't teaching our children how to have a life worth living.February 28, 2012 at 4:48 pm | Reply JOSE0311USMCRESPECT IS LACKING IN TODAY SOCIETY ..IF THAT KID WAS LEFT ALONE, NO BULLYING ? HE WOULDN'T DONE WHAT HE DID.February 28, 2012 at 6:45 pm | Reply devereauxThe root of all this disfunction is social decay. That simple. America has become an over indulged egomaniac, which ultimately leads to self desruction. From the outside looking in, it seems like you guys don't look at each other as countrymen, neighbours, relatives, friends etc anymore. meism is running rampant, so who cares what the other guy is doing? If I don't care then they shouldnt care about whatever perverse activity i'm indulging in, even when it keeps you from being a productive part of society. Is America Rome?February 28, 2012 at 4:48 pm | Reply Christopher KeilThe real problem according to the conservative isn't that there are too many guns  just the opposite  not nearly enough.  Picture the logic, if all those kids were to be armed, who'd try to fire into a group[ of them, knowing that they'd be mowed down in a hail of crossfire.  According the Sarah Palin and the NRA lobby, guns keep us all safer.  The more armed we all are, the safer from gun violence we'll all be.  Who needs laws when you can get your justice with the occasional shootout.Grammar School isn't too soon to start, either.  Heck, start out target practice in nursery school.  Or use the Santorum plan and home school all the kids.  Packin' heat, American as apple pie.February 28, 2012 at 4:49 pm | Reply DPCFOHI love it.  And, with all those kids in the cafeteria shooting at the original shooter, nobody would have been hurt because everybody knows that all of those bullets would have only hit the original shooter because if all those kids had been taught to use guns starting in preschool they would have perfect aim.  (this is sarcasm aimed at all the nuts who think everybody being armed would mean no crime ever... remember the wild west??)February 28, 2012 at 4:56 pm | Reply TeeBlacks.February 28, 2012 at 4:50 pm | Reply Karenmost school shootings are done by whites.............February 28, 2012 at 6:09 pm | Reply JOSE0311USMCKAREN, IS TRUE...WHITE UPPER CLASS KIDS  DO THE SHOOTINGS AND THE BULLYING...PARENTS GIVE THEM EVERYTHING SO THEY DON'T HAVE MUCH TO DO BUT TO SPEND HOURS ON FACE BOOK, PLAYING VIDEO  GAMES..,,,NO ONE IS MENTIONING THE LACK OF RESPECT...STOP BULLYING WEAKER KIDS.February 28, 2012 at 6:42 pm | PeteEpicGuns, guns, guns, kill, kill, kill! It's the American way! Cartoons, movies, video games, the news! We love it! Of course our kids kill! We train them from the get go. Were so violent we have no clue. Like alcoholics and drug users. "Don't blame my whiskey!"February 28, 2012 at 4:50 pm | Reply John K. HewittThere is a simple answer to the question as to why there is so much shooting in US schools. Most responses cite easy availability of GUNS! I beg to disagree. Once PRAYER was taken out of schools, the vacuum created had to be filled. GUNS which were ALWAYS easily available BEFORE PRAYER was taken out of schools, are now taking the place of religious and moral ethos. Bring back PRAYERS and the GUNS will GO!!!!!February 28, 2012 at 4:50 pm | Reply DPCFOHMany school shootings occurred back when there was prayer in school ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/School_shooting) so I don't think that'll help much.February 28, 2012 at 4:59 pm | Reply scragA person could run a car over a crowd of kids getting out of school or drive 60 mph into the cafeteria and kill more kids than a gun.  The gun is just the most available tool, and banning guns just bans them from people who will use them legally  obviously.February 28, 2012 at 4:52 pm | Reply TedLet' start with the one and only cause.  The lack of GOD in the daily life.February 28, 2012 at 4:52 pm | Reply MongeI agree with you. People  want to remove God yet they cannot really provide the direction for the youth bec. They're busy working and doing their own thing ad nt wanting to face their own mistakes as parents.  Kids grow up uncaring ,neglected ,depress and apathetic. They go to school to face other kids who 'll make them feel much worse and more inferior. There's lack of support,caring ,friendship and kindness in the school here. I went to school in other country and here in USA. I can tell the big difference. These kids who makes other kids feel crappy grow up and join the workforce where they continue to make people they meet and work with  feel inferior .This makes going to work  on a daily basis suck. These people are just the bullies at school who grew up ,still bullying as an adult. Lateral violence. There seems to be a sense of always wanting to be superior over somebody just to make themselves feel good.by stepping on other people,they feel stronger. Such a sad culture.February 28, 2012 at 5:48 pm | Reply canuckenWho's number 1? We are!February 28, 2012 at 4:53 pm | Reply junIn the Philippines the security guards require people to present their bags for checking for weapons and explosives before they enter a school, mall or any public or private building or transport.  It also involves body frisking for concealed weapons too. Why is it not being done in the USA? Rights issue? Here people just prefer to be safe than dead with rights.February 28, 2012 at 4:53 pm | Reply joseph BThe problem is there are too many gun nuts in America who are so fanatical and lie about the issue that there can never be any intelligent debate about gun control that would prevent teenagers, crazy's, and other dangerous people from getting access to dangerous weapons that can kill.That is why the USA will always lead the world in senseless gun deaths like school shootings.February 28, 2012 at 4:54 pm | Reply fumofosWe're finally the best at something and everyone has a problem with it...February 28, 2012 at 4:54 pm | Reply stevenThe crazed American mind:  "TheRealCitizens says: If you try to take my right to guns, heck, if you try to take my guns, i will shoot back."  This is the NRAs fault.  The NRA makes people fear to live without a gun for protection.February 28, 2012 at 4:54 pm | Reply jayman419We should have gun classes in school, starting in elementary. We have an irresponsible gun culture. I was raised in a military family, I was trained with and had access to my father's firearms from before I was strong enough to pull the slide to check the chamber. I was also bullied a lot at school. And because I was taught responsible gun handling, it never even crossed my mind to shoot up the people who annoyed me.Any let's be honest here.. that's all bullying is, an annoyance. School sucks for everyone. You get through it and you get on with your life. Or you act like a little coward, and let the warden and your PO make all your decisions from now on.February 28, 2012 at 4:54 pm | Reply JoshCho killed 32 other people and himself.  Not 37.  That's a pretty hard fact to screw up there CNN.February 28, 2012 at 4:54 pm | Reply Josh PSchools should be indoctrinated with more of the latest nonviolent understandings to help solve more of today's problems.  The quick fix society is supported by guns, and all the other hoopla that is completely ridiculous, and unfounded.  Having some type of class, or training about nonviolence should be a mandatory thing in all schools in today's world.  We need to catch up, and set precedence with the mayhem.  This also is not a violation of people's liberty as some like to so easily lambast.  Better heads have to take charge, and learn that amongst all safety is the first among all other priorities.  Proactive approaches should be the norm, not the exception.February 28, 2012 at 4:54 pm | Reply Pam BeachThere's a really simple reason this happens more often in America: everyone here goes to school. If this kid had lived in Singapore, China, or any of the other places with which politicians love to compare our test scores, this kid wouldn't have been in high school. Those places don't have alternative schools. They have coal mines and ditches to dig. They also don't have MMR, non-reading students taking high school literacy exams, but that's another article on which to comment.February 28, 2012 at 4:56 pm | Reply JPbecause ignorant, intolerant parents and adults , through their deeds and words, teach kids to be intolerant and ignorant. just look at this current GOP presidential campaign for examples.February 28, 2012 at 4:56 pm | Reply adi87The biggest problem is that kids aren't afraid of parents/teachers. In this non-personalized public school system, the teacher-student relationship is dead - it's not a human relationship which involves love, respect and a broad sense of community . It's a dead machine-like interaction where neither side cares about the other. I don't find too many public school teachers who actually care about their students on a personal level. Where I went to school (not in the United States), if a kid got bullied, all he had to do was tell the principal, and the school would get both sets of parents involved and resolve the problem. Generally, kids were pretty afraid of the parents and teachers, and the bully would be never go undisciplined. We had cases where kids got suspended/expelled for bullying/teasing/hazing/hurting other students. Also, since we had a private school system, if a kid faced a problem in one school, he could always change schools - the parents were free to make that decision.February 28, 2012 at 4:57 pm | Reply jayman419You have a point. We should bring back azwhuppins. Kids learn to think of themselves as untouchable, they learn to think that just because they're bigger or stronger or come from a wealthier family that they actually are somehow better. This is probably the only situation I've ever actually encountered where the beatings should continue until morale improves.February 28, 2012 at 5:03 pm | Reply RoccoThe easy access to guns.....need you ask?February 28, 2012 at 4:57 pm | Reply CameronThe US and Canada have very similar laws for gun ownership yet, since the 1960's, the US has had more than 10 times the amount of school shootings than Canada.  In addition, in 2010, Canada's intentional homicide rate 1.68 (per 100,000 people)  the US's was 4.8.  It can be many things, but it's not simply a gun access problem.Essentially I think it's a problem with popular culture in the US.  It pushes violence and stupid acts in favor of 'what the public wants' and ignores simple, incredibly important, values like compassion, cooperation/collaboration, and free-thinking/intelligence.  (Based on my calculations of estimated IQ and intentional homicide rates for developed countries, there is a correlation between higher IQ with lower intentional homicide rates.)February 28, 2012 at 4:58 pm | Reply George BushWhy does America lead the world in school shootings? Every houses in USA have guns in their home.February 28, 2012 at 4:58 pm | Reply AbbyThe kids that carry out these shootings are typically NOT the ones that were raised learning to respect and how to property use firearms.February 28, 2012 at 5:07 pm | Reply JimPerhaps the real problem lies in a violent historyFebruary 28, 2012 at 4:58 pm | Reply GilHistorically, Americans have solved a problem by using violence and making it acceptable as long as the person is or thinks he is, on the right side. We're brought up to cheer for the guy wearing a white hat and shooting the baddie or getting revenge.  With TV news filled with images of civil wars, bombings and murderous actions, with a whole generation mindlessly playing the most violent computer games imaginable where there is no, I repeat no hint of responsibility for one's actions or what the end results might be, is it any wonder that a child would resort to violence to solve his real or perceived problems.  Easy access to drugs and guns, irresponsible parents and crowded schools are all part of the situation but unless kids are taught that there will always be a reaction or a price to pay for their actions this sort of thing will continue.  But for example bullying will never go away, the stronger chick is always going to try to kick the weaker one out of the nest, it is nature, the survival of the fittest,  But it is conflict resolution without the use of violence that must be championed at home, in the school, in the movies and by our politicians.February 28, 2012 at 4:59 pm | Reply TonyFrom WIKI:School attacks in the People's Republic of ChinaA series of uncoordinated mass stabbings, hammer attacks, and cleaver attacks in the People's Republic of China began in March 2010. The spate of attacks left at least 21 dead and some 90 injured. Analysts have blamed mental health problems caused by rapid social change for the rise in these kind of mass murder and murder-suicide incidents.[1]February 28, 2012 at 4:59 pm | Reply JonathanDidn't the Columbine kids have propane tank bombs hidden in the school?  Its not just guns.  Guns don't kill people, mentally ill people with guns kill people.  We need to figure out why people have these issues..February 28, 2012 at 5:01 pm | Reply micookMaybe, because most little kids from foreign countries are serving in their military rather than school!February 28, 2012 at 5:02 pm | Reply tanyaLet's not lie to ourselves.  What is our main goal in this country? (Ponder for a moment...) Yep, that's rightto get rich.  What is most important in family life?  Yes, that's rightgetting rich.  Do not be surprised when you do not make time for your kids, you teach them no values (except getting rich) and you have no idea what's going on in their life that your kids have mental problems.  But it's OK, because you just got a giant screen TV and a brand NEW car!!!!!  When I grew up I wore all hand-me-downs but my parents took time to teach me right from wrong.  Nowadays, kids have ipads, ipods, iphones but noone takes the time to teach them right from wrong or what's important in life.  Don't be surprised when these kids develop mental problems.February 28, 2012 at 5:04 pm | Reply paulI don't know, because most countries where just about anyone can own a gun don't have schools? Or maybe they don't count when a Taliban Militant blows a school up or beheads all its staff as the same sort of thing? I'm not saying I'm against the right to bear arms, I support it as a hunter, but its a pretty stupid question.February 28, 2012 at 5:04 pm | Reply patCliques and a "we aren't going to take it" because school's bullies are usually the "darlings" of the school, and a student feels there is no other recourse.  Obviously there is but in the mind of a child.February 28, 2012 at 5:05 pm | Reply Robert GavilaT. J. Lane's case is eerily similar to Alyssa Bustamente.  Again, in an effort to protect pharmaceutical companies, the Judge will lock up and throw away the key on a kid.  Prozac and similar drugs remove a sense of conscience from kids, who may not have a fully formed sense of right and wrong to begin with.  Protect the drugs, lock up the kids.  And so the real sad part is that their victims (Elizabeth Olten and the rest) died for nothing.February 28, 2012 at 5:05 pm | Reply p-bodyEven I had those fantasies of mass murder, and I am a Buddhist pacifist. It is the school systems coupled with our general society that breeds certain types of sociopaths by leaving them no option but to become oneFebruary 28, 2012 at 5:05 pm | Reply JoI have always believed that exposing children to continous violance on TV, entertainment, movies, etc. is a major cause in  aggresion.  We need to show children, by example and words,  how to resolve differences without the use of  violance.  An overhaul in what Hollywodd is producing these days is sorely in need.February 28, 2012 at 5:05 pm | Reply AmySolution: keep guns locked away in a gun safe.  There is a reason why this is a law: children cannot access the guns this way (unless you tell them where the key is, then you're just not thinking straight).February 28, 2012 at 5:06 pm | Reply Johnthe education system is just screwed up.  In my school district if a normal kid brings a gun to school, he is expelled from school. If a "Special Needs" kid (Who account for 25% of the school population) brings a gun to school,  they can't be expelled. Why is this.  Are the special needs kids less likely to kill, to my way of thinking they should be the ones you are most afraid of. After all,  a kid with anger issues is considered "special needs."February 28, 2012 at 5:07 pm | Reply Henrik GBecause the gun law was made for the 18th century.. remove the guns and there will be no more shootings... just saying. People just need guns because they cant speak.. or move to Alaska with your guns, which is the only place you actually need them....February 28, 2012 at 5:08 pm | Reply gagerThe gun is needed by the home alone woman who should want to live another day when invaded by a killer.February 28, 2012 at 5:11 pm | Reply Henrik GIt works just great in any other country... Sweden has never had a shooting, how so?. None of my friends nor my mum had a gun by her bed every night.. it's the access to guns that is the main issue.. Why do you think that the criminals have guns in the firstplace?.. Nothing good ever comes out from having a gun, it will get you our anyone else in trouble.. "Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world."Nelson MandelaFebruary 28, 2012 at 5:21 pm | AbbyHenrik G, In response to "Nothing good ever comes out from having a gun, it will get you our anyone else in trouble".That is false. I read numerous news stories every year about an armed citizen successfully using a firearm for self-defense, those people would have been victims otherwise.And many people still also use firearms for food; most hunters eat what they kill. I grew up eating deer or pheasant as the primary meat on the table every night.February 28, 2012 at 5:40 pm | AbbyThere are tens of thousands of gun laws on the books, new ones being added every year. I assume you meant the 2nd Amendment, which I would disagree with you there too; the 2nd Amendment is just as appropriate today, it's about the balance of power between citizens and the government, the 2nd Amendment protects all the rest.You cannot un-invent something. Bad people will always find ways to get their hands on guns. Taking guns away from law-abiding citizens is not the answer.I certainly have need for my guns. They provide me with food (hunting), and personal protection. I hope I never have to use them for the latter, but just like having insurance on my house, I'd rather be safe than sorry. If some gang-bangers decide to break into my house in the middle of the night, and I have a child in a bedroom down the hall, I can't just climb out the window to escape; I will protect myself and my family by the necessary means. I live in a nice neighborhood, but no place is immune from crime.February 28, 2012 at 5:16 pm | Reply number1answer to question is: America is number1in everything.February 28, 2012 at 5:10 pm | Reply MOMChildren are left to their own devices way too early; when they are too young and not ready for it.  Parents cannot wait to "get rid" of their children in the name of fostering "independence".  More and more studies show kids do not mature and their executive functions (the ones that tell them that something is wrong and actually stops them from doing the wrong thing) do not develop until they are in their 20's, particularly boys. So how could a kid obtain a gun without anyone noticing? Who was monitoring the kid?February 28, 2012 at 5:10 pm | Reply royBecause there's little to no descipline from parents at home, bullying from other kids, no descipline in the schoolsby teachers from fear of being sued, no respect for authority, drugs this list could be practically endless.February 28, 2012 at 5:10 pm | Reply G-manWhat do you need to have to fire a gun? Answer: a gun.February 28, 2012 at 5:11 pm | Reply EdwardPlease don't think that the problem is mainly because to have arms in USA is something so easy and carries no responsability for the owners of the arms (Laugh). Problem of having arms in houses is not only the availability for the kids. Its the message it gives to them, therefore is also a problem of education. If in my house my parents can make justice with their own hands, why I dont transport the idea to my school with my parents weapons. I believe original owners of the arms utilized by these kids should be punished. Arms are not toys. They must be stored in safe places and the individual who doesnt do it must be punished. That individual can be the father, uncle, or the guy who sold the weapon to a young man.February 28, 2012 at 5:11 pm | Reply BryanUm...because we stick to this ridiculous notion that everyone has the right to a gun....it's not rocket science.February 28, 2012 at 5:11 pm | Reply law abiding citizenWow,... with everything that ths article talked about as being contributers to these problems absolutely 99 percent of everyone posting here only picked up on guns....OMG... I think I see the problem, no one wants to face the facts that we are raising maladjusted citizens that can not cope in the real world of trial and errors, where failures happen and not everyone wins.. where you don't always get everythig you want...come on people wake up.. we are raising weak people that need a higher power, goverment, etc... to take care of them because they can not take care of themselves.February 28, 2012 at 5:12 pm | Reply WhiteWe really are feminizing America and parents need to step up and stop relying so much on schools to teach and raise their kids! School should cover teaching them to read and write and math and all that jazz but there is so much more to life that. parents need to teach, not schools! Like you said "maladjusted citizens that can not cope in the real world of trial and errors, where failures happen and not everyone wins" When are parents going to step up and stop hiding behind their jobs as an excuse?!March 3, 2012 at 1:01 pm | Reply tanyaI just read on the Huffington Post that the shooter's father committed some very violent domestic violence assaults on the boy's mother and then later on the next woman he married.  He also assaulted a police officer.  Do you think this might have contributed to creating a disturbed young man?  Nah...probably had nothing to do with it.February 28, 2012 at 5:14 pm | Reply scb74Because the news media, like CNN, always provide coverage on these stories... gets implanted in kid's minds because of it.February 28, 2012 at 5:14 pm | Reply MichaelTake God and family out of the their lives and this is the result......   :0(February 28, 2012 at 5:16 pm | Reply Andy HMaybe we should ban drug use since so many kids OD...February 28, 2012 at 5:16 pm | Reply manhandler1One HUGE problem and it's called the NRA.  These extreme gun nuts who oppose any and all sensible attempts to regulate guns are a disgrace.  They resort to stupid, brainless sayings like, "guns don't kill people, people do."  Guns are made for one pupose and one purpose only.....to murder living things.  They make it supremely easy to kill someone....you don't even have to get close.  The criminal elements of the NRA have bribed our disgraceful politicians to prevent them fron doing the right thing.  They're pathetic.  If only most extremist gun nuts would follow Hestons "cold, dead hands"  to the same place where his cold, dead heart is.  We'd all be better off.February 28, 2012 at 5:17 pm | Reply gagerGuns are what makes it safe for a woman to be home alone against a would be attacker. Put a sign on your front lawn that you don't have a gun and let's see what happens.February 28, 2012 at 5:19 pm | Reply AdamWhen someone kills people in a drunk driving accident nobody blames Budweiser for making cheap beer or Ford for making an affordable cars. You hold the individual responsible for the crime.  When something like this happens you blame the NRA or everyone else but the person responsible. The 9/11 hijackers didn't use guns they used knives and box cutters and killed a lot more people then this kid. You are not going to be able to stop bad people from doing bad things in a free society. BTW, Switzerland is of the few nations with a higher per capita rate of gun ownership than the United States and has virtually no gun crime. This is a problem with our society not with ownership of guns.February 28, 2012 at 5:48 pm | Reply WhiteYa our society is feminized by people like manhandler and that is what is wrong with us! manhandler doesn't sound like a very friendly name...but they oppose guns but encourage...what exactly!March 3, 2012 at 1:07 pm | WhiteWell when there comes a time you need a gun I hope no one is willing to help since you are so opposed to them! I am a fan of my gun and would shoot someone in a second and not lose a wink of sleep if they threatened me or my children! Plus they are fun to shoot! maybe you need a better hobby   pansy!March 3, 2012 at 1:05 pm | Reply MonaI grew up during a civil war,n a country where there was no law and order. Every home had guns and weapons, and whenever school COULD be open, we were there, with our homework, notebooks and supplies, rich or poor, knowing that the only future is with an education.Public school was the option of the people close to being homeless.Not a single time I EVER saw weed, a weapon, or a school shooting.While here, schools are free, books are paid for, lunch is included if on low income, and these things are happening.My personal view, is that we kept focusing on the "I" of individuality sooo much, that each kid thought the world revolves around him and he/.she cared less and less about others and more and more about himself and how he feels.You know the saying there is no I in team, well many kids are spelling TEAM as TIIIIIIIM! and a team is defined as me,myself, and I!Add to this, the Facebook factor, where many kids think they are celebrities and every post is like litterature, very relevant.Oh, and don't forget twitter, as if we are dying to know what each one is doing what he is doing at this very moment,One more, did i forget texting that is the new artificial limbs to stay in touch with anybody !However, I have to say that this is not the norm, this went to the head of those already predisposed to violence and emotional issues.That what explains the waves of violence and the wave of suicide(individual and murder suicide).Even sometimes taking out with him the whole family, even infants!I hope parents are more aware of what is going on, we can not expect schools to raise the children.It is the parents job.Schools provide support. People are looking to blame everyone but themselves.February 28, 2012 at 5:17 pm | Reply adamLack of education, too many guns on the streets, too much anger in the head and too many stupid video games in the stores.February 28, 2012 at 5:18 pm | Reply PhilGGuns are a tool,they solve no problems.We have to take the gee wow out of guns like it was when  I was a kid,Guns were no big thing back then.And we have to raise our kids better.February 28, 2012 at 5:20 pm | Reply hillmanvideo gamesFebruary 28, 2012 at 5:21 pm | Reply Bill Wallace@Don:  "Get real, the only people who go off about having guns are very paranoid individuals who have an inferiority complex in the jeans and feel that big ole gun will make up for it somehow."Don, my opinion is that you are the paranoid one.  "Inferiority complex in the jeans"??  What are you doing looking in people's jeans, Don??A gun is a tool, like a hammer, or a screwdriver.  I can leave my gun sitting on the table for a million years and it will NEVER hurt anyone.  When you outlaw guns, only outlaws will have guns.  Don't blame a tool for peoples flaws and lack of responsibility.  My family has owned guns for generations and no one has ever been injured by one.February 28, 2012 at 5:21 pm | Reply BryceDon't forget that the overdone media coverage plants a seed into the head of the next mentally unstable killer. They see it a moment to get revenge and get instant fame. From where they come from it's a good deal.February 28, 2012 at 5:21 pm | Reply MKThe author listed many potential factors. Why is everyone just talking about guns alone? I think mental disease needs to be explored further.February 28, 2012 at 5:21 pm | Reply SantoshAmong all, the number 1 reason is that in moost cases both the parents are too busy working that they do no thav a quality time to nurture teenager. Teenagers are at the mercy of society (TV, moview, friends etc), which promote negative more behavior than the positive.February 28, 2012 at 5:22 pm | Reply billybobSo, yeah there are more shootings. But how many recent parents have killed their children WITHOUT GUNS!?!? How many kids hav ekilled other kids with a knife like the thrill killer girl or the boy who lured a girl with her skate and slit her throat. No guns there, but you all aren't flipping out about knives. IDIOTSFebruary 28, 2012 at 5:22 pm | Reply TomOne of the beautiful things about the 2nd ammendment is that I do not have to justify to anyone my right to keep and bear arms.....as an adult law abiding citizen.  That being said, owning guns is not just a right but a very serious responsibility.  Parent need to secure their weapons period.February 28, 2012 at 5:25 pm | Reply bzThe gun did not make the kid go and kill, but it sure made it a lot easier for him to do it. People say that someone who wants to kill will do it anyways, but if killing wasn't so convenient the way it is here, would it still happen as frequent as it does? (Take for example this incident, would he have been able to kill all 3 like this without a gun?)February 28, 2012 at 5:26 pm | Reply Lanvender bluI know the reason.  It is because our culture is a bullying culture.  We bully other countries and we teach our children that they should bully others to get what they want.  We award bullies with the best jobs and highest pay and think of them as the most brilliant.  So, when the people that have been bullied the most can't take it anymore they react in a way that will make others respect them.  They react the way a bully does.  Let's change our culture.February 28, 2012 at 5:26 pm | Reply monHmm, the Columbine killers were not bullied? There's a lot reports on the contrary. Granted the same reports indicate that the two eventually bullied others, the general conclusion is that this could've been a result of the harassment they received. There are plenty of articles well after the tragedy that discuss the "elephant in the room" of Columbine High School's culture of letting athletes go undisciplined for some pretty appalling behavior (one shoving his girlfriend into her locker, a group throwing food at the 'nerd table', violent hazing of freshman athletes)  some such incidents occurred in front of teachers who did nothing. I'm not saying in any way that this justifies these horrific acts of student killers. But I am glad that 13 years after Columbine the issue of bullying is finally coming to the forefront of our dialogue. Obviously there are many other factors that lead up to school shootings, but hopefully addressing and cracking down on bullying will contribute to the end of this kind of violence.February 28, 2012 at 5:26 pm | Reply The_MickPart of it is certainly the media glorification of the murderers.  They're in the news for weeks after the event as the media beats the stories to death.  In the Baltimore Area, schools went through a tremendous number of bomb scares after 9-11.  Finally, the schools and police had enough: they cut off information to the news media.  They avoided putting the information on wavelengths the news followed, etc.  The bomb scares ceased almost overnight.  This Ohio story will be in the news for weeks, priming the next mixed-up mind to make himself famous.February 28, 2012 at 5:28 pm | Reply Ryan M.Maybe teachers should be allowed to actually discipline students who bully and misbehave in class instead of having to walk a tight rope. The power of teachers to effectively punish students has been eroded by threats of parents suing the school and a general dislike of having children singled out, which some people say "makes the problem worse".Imagine trying to keep 25 children or teenagers in line when you are only allowed to nicely ask them to do something. If they don't listen to you the worst punishment a teacher can legally do is make them put their head down or cool off for a little bit in the corner. This is absurd.School is expected to be a place where kids are able to learn. If a kid or class room is being disruptive, the student or students should be kicked out of the classroom and made to work in a garden in the school grounds - this allows the other students who want to learn to have an environment that is conducive to their efforts. This result in two things: local produce for the cafeteria that can subsidize food costs and the students will get a glimpse of the world of manual labor.If you ask a kid whether they would rather work on their spelling or pick weeds for 2 hours, which do you think they would do?If it come to a point where the kid refuses to work in the garden, send them home and let their parents deal with them.February 28, 2012 at 5:28 pm | Reply tiredteacherWe teachers have dealt with these kids for decades.  Parents don't care about them.  Neighbors don't care.  Nobody goes to church anymore, so the student has never really heard of such a thing as sin, forgiveness, total love, submission to one who can fill an empty heart.  Can't say to your student that you are praying for them or that you care for them.  You would be offending them or opening yourself up as a possible molester.  Can't say anything "offensive" such as, "You very much need some serious counseling and most probably medication of some sort."  As a teacher, first I would be fired, and then I would have to pay for the treatment myself.  Seriously.  Can't discipline students.  Can't "group" them into special needs groups.  That would damage their self-esteem.  Can't control them.  Parents take offense to the teachers being "mean" to their kid.   Principals have no power.  School boards fear lawsuits.  Lawyers like to make money and welcome the lawsuits.  Judges have no backbone.  Maybe it is time communities started allowing schools to CONTROL students.  If an educator abuses that right, hang 'em.February 28, 2012 at 5:28 pm | Reply Joeoh so believing in God makes it all OK does it?  I thought the 9/11 terrorists were all big believers in God too...February 28, 2012 at 5:31 pm | Reply erich2112xGuns don't kill people, people do. And so do chimps if you put a 9 mm in their hand.February 28, 2012 at 5:28 pm | Reply Bill FoonmanThe foundation of any strong democracy is a healthy and educated population not an economy based on unmitigated greed.Instead of educating and caring for its citizens, between its soap-opera mentality, under qualified and incompetent professional politicians and its evangelical desire to squander trillions of dollars bringing American-style democracy to the heathen masses, the U.S has all but bankrupted itself  both financially and morally.In other words, its priorities are all f%$&#d up and so is American society which is why kids shoot other kids.February 28, 2012 at 5:29 pm | Reply JoeDoh  it's because it is easy to get guns here.  What on earth is this man paid for?February 28, 2012 at 5:30 pm | Reply RicciSmilesWHY? LOL.. because we are a violent country just a few steps above the "third world" countries we so love to patronize. Because we are a country founded by people who were fleeing a regime and our inherent cultural psychology is one of FEAR and angst. WE jump at shadows and allow anything we think will "keep us safe" regardless of how ignorant the concept really is. WHY? Because we like it.February 28, 2012 at 5:30 pm | Reply EliteWhite Society is to Blame...all the covering up that goes on in this country GOD is coming andWhite people are being punished for all they have done in this countryslavery= selling African American children away from their families, lynching African American's for no reason but skin color, still allowing racism to go on like people still don't recognize it. corporate white America getting over on the country.White America always saying blacks killing blacks...but ironically whites killing whiteswe are in our last days and these events will get worse it's in the BIBLE!!!!!!!February 28, 2012 at 5:31 pm | Reply MarkHow on earth did this article miss the most critical point  POPULATION.How many other countries do you have to add together to match the population of the US.  Now add up their issues.I'd love to see the author add some statistics on the rate of these crimes PER CAPITA vs the other countries mentioned.  I suspect we'd still have more, but the gap may be a whole lot smaller than the article implies.February 28, 2012 at 5:31 pm | Reply Jason TThis is not a case of access to guns or gun control.  What it hast to do with is a lack of parenting!!  Where were the parents??  How could they NOT see signs that this kid had serious problems.  Where were the teachers and school administration...did they NOT see that this kid had major issues.  Where were his friends...did they NOT see that this kid had major problems??  Everyone wants to turn a blind eye to the real issues that face America's youth.  The American family is being destroyed by the NEED for a two and sometimes three income family.  It has been destroyed by the fact that the media puts some much attention on celebrity and television puts so much importance on being famous and everyone getting their 15 minutes of fame.  The family unit needs to be respected and cherished...it need to be reestablished that the family comes first.  It comes before money, it comes before fame, it comes before all.  If we make our families a priority all else will fall into place.February 28, 2012 at 5:31 pm | Reply 4peasTrue, but the difference here vs. Germany or somewhere else is the kid could put his hands on a loaded gun.  it is the mentality of the gun culture.  We have armed the paranoid, emotional fringe element in society.February 28, 2012 at 5:40 pm | Reply BrianThe answer is simple. Our laws failed to serve its purpose. It is NOT harsh enough to deter criminals, people who facilitate such attacks (parents, suppliers of guns). If it's really hurt when they mess up, people will watch their guns. I would prefer they execute all involved in the crime.February 28, 2012 at 5:32 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsLaws do not deter crime. Fear of punishment sometimes does but an armed victim can deter and often stops a crime.February 28, 2012 at 5:43 pm | Reply 4peasYes you are wal"nuts" No armed adult would have prevented these three deaths in this scenario. Perhaps a law that actually holds gun owners accountable for the safekeeping of their firearms from children in their home would have prevented this from happening. But the gun lobby does not want to be accountable in any way.February 28, 2012 at 5:49 pm | Wildone"Junior's" 16 and out of control.  He disrespects his parents, his teachers, and anyone in authority.  The only friends he has are other kids like him.  He plays violent video games and spends most of his time in his room.  Everyone says he's "no good" and is nothing but trouble.  He talks about how much he hates school and other people and that someday he's going to "get even".  His parents try to stay out of his way to avoid confrontation. They can't wait until he moves out of the house.There are thousands upon thousands of "Juniors" out there who are preparing to create mayhem while society seeks to find something (guns) or someone (bullies) to blame it on.  There are no easy answers, but recognizing the signs that these kids need help before they explode may stop the carnage before it's too late.February 28, 2012 at 5:32 pm | Reply CraigThe author mentions a fair number of factors, but they are all similar throughout the western world except that:1) Americans have more access to guns2) Americans are more homicidal (check the homicide rates of other western nations vs USA)It is a pretty bad combinationFebruary 28, 2012 at 5:33 pm | Reply RichardWhenever children get shot in school some idiot with a column has to write about it.  The rest of the time kids dying in the street don't matter.  It's simply not newsworthy.IT'S ENTERTAINMENT.Yuup.  As far as the news vultures are concerned this kind of thing is a hot news cycle and can't be missed.  Photos and hot video of sobbing school mates and hysterical parents are top shots for the day.  Tomorrow or the next day  who cares!  Some starlet is wearing a dress made of fresh meat or tin foil and that's the big news then.  The problem is that the victims have to live with the wreckage of the event for the rest of their lives  until the ten year anniversary when some network hot shot decides to do a human interest story on 'how are they getting on now'.  Vultures, the lot of them.Prayer.  Dare I say it, the lack of prayer is one BIG reason for the gun fights in schools along with a lot of other things that are wrong and just can't seem to get fixed.   When I was young we started every day with prayer and the pledge of allegiance.  The prayers never let us down even if Uncle Sam did.  There are some who fuss at the idea of starting every day of school with prayer, but to them I say clearly that we didn't have these problems when God looked out for us.Leave God out of the mix and you get BIG problems  and lots of vultures afterwards to clean up the mess (at least on camera).February 28, 2012 at 5:34 pm | Reply 4peasYou gotta be kidding me.  Allowing children access to loaded guns is not the main cause?  it is lack of prayer? And is it ok for the Muslim children to bring their prayer mats to school?February 28, 2012 at 5:44 pm | Reply sergisdamanIf we take guns away, which will never happen, look at the way China massacres children and people, with a damn kitchen knife.February 28, 2012 at 5:34 pm | Reply JoeI blame all the niqqers and crackheads out there  us white folks are blameless. well apart from this incident obviously...February 28, 2012 at 5:35 pm | Reply JasonWow!February 28, 2012 at 5:50 pm | Reply CanadianTo the guy who thinks that Canadian gun laws are similar to U.S. gun laws, you couldn't possibly be more mistaken. You have to take multiple courses to even qualify to take a test to own a handgun. Then,  you have to apply to buy a handgun, go through a background check and screening and you must belong to a registered gun club which is the only place legal for you to shoot a handgun. Also, before you can leave your house with that gun, you must call the firearms office which is run by the government to let them know that you are going to the gun range. It must have a trigger lock, be locked in a case and be separate from the ammunition in your trunk. That gun must also be stored at home in the same way, but instead of a trunk it must be locked in a gun cabinet without any ammuntion. By owning that gun, you also give the authorities the right to come into your home to check that your gun is being stored in the proper fashion. I have never heard of anything in the U.S. come anywhere close to these laws. I find it unbelievable that there are people walking around your country in this day and age with a handgun tucked away somewhere. They are built to kill a human being. And to be able to purchase assault rifles? Who out there without a screw loose thinks those are actually good ideas. By the way, where do you think criminals get many of their guns from. By breaking into homes of gun owners. When was the last time you heard about someone carrying a gun that saved the day? Don't get me wrong, I love the U.S. and am a gun owner myself, but the gun laws are outdated by about 200 years.February 28, 2012 at 5:38 pm | Reply Peter WarrenCompare the usage of Psych drugs in US school children versus the use of them in other countries with the school shootings in those countries. It is NOT complicated. The only difference is a few billions in profits, but the cost of the profits is just a few dead kids so who cares? Statistics talk.February 28, 2012 at 5:38 pm | Reply Danny VannyOhh.. I am going to hide my gun on top of the closet, my kids will never find out!February 28, 2012 at 5:38 pm | Reply ChadThe problem is gun legislation. The supreme court has deemed that God gave us the right to own guns, just as the founding fathers deemed God gave us the right to own human beings. Flawed reasoning, flawed results.In civilized countries like Australia, when they have a single massacre, they outlaw guns, as they did in 1996. Problem solved.Until we as a culture decide that we need to get rid of all guns that are not used actively for hunting purposes, we will be condemned to this sort of horror.You can look for warning signs, do psychological analyses, you name it... until we take guns away, we will continue to see these headlines.Obviously there are occurrences that can be singled out in other countries, but I would imagine that America has more gun violence than the rest of our allies put together.February 28, 2012 at 5:38 pm | Reply bob tuggeyIn countries all over the world, children know that the way out of poverty, the way to success, is through education.  They will outwork American students by 5 times.  From First Standard they are aware of 'class standing'.  Class standing and 'qualifying examination' determine who goes to college.  They are so focused on  learning, they have no time to 'bully', in most places violence is unimaginable.  But here, bullying and violence are not socially acceptable, they are socially encouraged.  In fact, in developing countries, 'bullying' will not be allowed, it will be beat out of you.February 28, 2012 at 5:39 pm | Reply AlisonWhen we moved back to OK last year, my son had a playdate at a new friend's home in Edmond.  I had been able to get to know the Mom in advance...she was the PTO President at our elementary school.   When my son came home and told me that his friend showed him his Dad's guns, I freaked.    I said, "Weren't his Dad's guns locked up in a gun safe?"  My son replied "Yes, but the boy knew the combination to open it."  The boy goes hunting with his Dad and has some experience with guns, but this was unacceptable.  Of course, I let the Mom know my son could not play there again if there was access to guns.  Probably one of the scariest kids with a gun, is the one who THINKS he/she knows alot about guns.   How often do you think this happens in America?!February 28, 2012 at 5:40 pm | Reply Buk Lau@Alison if you can't trust your own child with firearms, that says more about you and your son that it does about his friend and his parents. Firearms don't act on their own.February 28, 2012 at 5:44 pm | Reply BelgianWomanScary story! Ii think it was a very wise decision to not let your son go play there again. Next time this kid might want to give a "demonstration".February 28, 2012 at 7:39 pm | Reply ElitePeople please.......there are other ways for people to harm people......guns are just easiernext kids will find ways to create bombs and blow up schools.......society needs to wake up and bring love to these children....all they see is is HATE in the media, WAR etc.....America doesn't love Americait's so sad that schools and jobs wait until someone come in and shoot the place up before they open there eyes and see something was going on.where I used to work they were blind sided to workplace violence and bullying...they won't learn until the person being harassed has enough and take matters into there own hands.school's, parents etc.. won't wake up until they start paying attention to their children and be positive active role models in their lives.February 28, 2012 at 5:40 pm | Reply sayitstr8well, let's see  why are most people able to put on butter with a butter knife? well, maybe it has to do with the fact that there is a) butter and b) a butter knife.  why so many gun killings? well, a) guns exist and are easily available, b) the culture promotes guns as a solution, c) see athe question is not why are there so many killings, after all  but why so many gun killings. so, answer the question and get it right. then, change the nation before it's your child either killing or being killed.  and next time someone tells you about 'the right' to bear arms, tell them it was a grammatical error  it was supposed to read 'the right to arm bears', because given what we Americans are, those bears need it.February 28, 2012 at 5:41 pm | Reply JasonWith all things it points to parenting or the lack there of and alas the individual perpitrator themselves. Our society has had guns or access to them for hundreds of years, people with mental issues for hundreds of years, people who break the law no matter what for hundreds of years and also people who will use every opportunity to point the finger at another group as the culprit (i.e guns, gun owners, government, parents blah blah blah) When this kid was walking around in the days, weeks, months leading up to this his parents/custodial parents didn't know him enough to think something was wrong, or his Uncle who had no idea his firearm had miraculously grew feet. All around there are issues in our society that contributed to this........yes including guns. However with the growing number of shrinking police departments and budgets alike and the in-ability for the police to protect and serve all its citizens, my firearm protects my home and the people whom dwell within it. My children have been taught from day one what a firearm is and why it is there. Our society by no means is peaches and cream but many countries have weird social norms that have lead to violence regrettably.February 28, 2012 at 5:43 pm | Reply KTAmerican kids have access to guns.  Why do they pull the trigger? Because they can.  Our troubled adolescents probably suffer no more and no less angst than troubled adolescents in other countries.  Kids in other countries may have the desire to shoot their peers, but they can't act on the desire as easily as kids here can.February 28, 2012 at 5:44 pm | Reply justshsuhtjifExploitive capitalist culture thrives on fear, and fear leads to violence.  See Michael Moore's Bowling for Columbine.February 28, 2012 at 5:45 pm | Reply Elitetake away all these electronics and make these kids stay in the house and read some books.electronics have messed these kids up facebook, myspace, twitter etc...February 28, 2012 at 5:47 pm | Reply JohnYou anti gun folks are so insanely inept in your arguments.  First the author throws Israel in as a place with gun access, but implies a school shooting problem.  Well I have been there and they do not have a school shooting problem.  I spoke with a young man that was in a high school class carrying a M2 carbine, much like the one i just purchased prior to our meeting at Akko, Israel.  Not many massacres there, the nuts usually get shot right off the bat.  Only two notable school shootings since the 1970's both but invader Muslims and the second one was killed by a student within minutes- the first cop on the scene would not enter the building in order to secure the entrance.  So please people know the facts (a word foreign to some) before you blog.  And I firmly recommend the arming of in school persons- thank God we are starting some of that here in the great Republic of Texas!February 28, 2012 at 5:47 pm | Reply marzoz10I haven't read the article yet, only the headline, and here is my response:  BECAUSE WE HAVE SUCH EASY ACCESS TO GUNS!!!! Right to defend our family, blah blah, 2nd amendment (for outdated reasons) blah blah.  Why isn't a family in, oh say, France not too concerned with defending their home?? BECAUSE THE CRIMINALS DON'T HAVE EASY ACCESS TO GUNS!!!February 28, 2012 at 5:47 pm | Reply SaraWhy does america lead in this feild? Because america doesn't want to sort out the bullying issue in schools. You remove the motive, you remove consequence. Saying that guns are the issue will not cure the disease, it only treats the symptom of bullying. If they don't have guns, they will use other weapons. In the mind of the bullied (i speak fom experience) to stop the bulling (when the schools refuse to intervene) there are only 2 options that run through the mind, remove the bully or remove yourself. Obviously the shooter had no other choice coz none cared. Beefing up security at his school would not have changed his mind. Schools should really start dealing with the real issues.February 28, 2012 at 5:47 pm | Reply MikeWe have a lack of confidence / self defense problem, not a bully problem.. Bullies have been around for ever. But because we are so PC in this country, we tell everyone that violence is not the answer, turn the other cheek, and all that b.s.  What we need to teach our kids is how to stand up for themselves no matter how big or small. Bullies don't pick on people who fight back, but rather the people who keep taking it. Our kids need help in self confidence.. I'm sure that would at least start to help.February 28, 2012 at 5:47 pm | Reply CamronI think the real problem here is not the access to guns. That's a problem, alright, and kids' parents need to be careful where they put their weaponry, but the largest issue in my opinion is American culture. We think it's okay if someone hits you to hit back. It's often treated as being 'heroic', and it shows up in all kinds of places. If anyone's read any young adult fiction, in particular the stuff aimed at teenage boys, the heroes all seem to pack a big weapon and go around kicking butt. Video games like Call of Duty ("COD") and Halo don't help. They glorify big weapons and explosions and almost teach kids that it's okay. I know nine-and-ten year olds who are addicted to those games. It's not right. People in America automatically think of shooting their enemies or attacking them or hitting them or something when they get upset because it's treated as okay to take revenge.February 28, 2012 at 5:48 pm | Reply Paul JohnsonThis goes way beyond everything I read out here. When I grew u, my mother was at home. Tere was no computers. Today teachers are disrespected, parents arn't home or rather 1/2 are divorced, and the kids play computer games killing as many people as possible. Have you people looked at these games? thay are advertised on TV all the time.  And teachers can't disipline students and the internet shows us real time war. Do you wonder why the kids are so screwed up today.  We has guns  when I grew up, that hasn't changed except today we are taught how to misuse them.February 28, 2012 at 5:49 pm | Reply Josiah-DavidSearch up KENT HOVIND! He'll give you the answer: Evolutionism!February 28, 2012 at 5:50 pm | Reply kokotbecause of  the culture of succes. winners and losers. this is america.February 28, 2012 at 5:50 pm | Reply The Loonthese children were not legal gunowners...they acquired weapons illegally and their parents failed...don't punish legal law abiding gun owners for the acts of criminalsFebruary 28, 2012 at 5:51 pm | Reply KyakIts the same reason China has so many stabbings of young children in class by "crazed" persons. The violence reflects the culture no matter what the tool. Our American culture has drifted so far from self accountablity, self respect and respect for others. As a result of this, we have opened a wide gap in our culture that is being filled with placing blame elsewhere and then revenge feeds up on this negative direction. The worst part of this is that the parents have failed to be true parents. You can be friends with your children when they are adults. Until that time it is your responsiblity to teach your child the difference between right and wrong (spirituality has nothing to do with it, political affiliations have nothing to do with it). It is your responsiblity to teach your children how to cope with acceptance, rejection, societal pressures, and failure as well as success. If you, as a parent, are not sure how to, then hold yourself accountable and seek the information, through a counselor, books, classes, etc. Though we know the ultimate choice to hurt others is that of the perpetrator, the parent(s) failed that child by not teaching them how to handle negative scenarios without inflicting harm on others or themself.February 28, 2012 at 5:52 pm | Reply Larry in AZI can answer this question very simply. Why is the US #1 in the world for school shootings? The answer is that the US is also #1 in how poorly students and children in general are regarded by a politically correct society. If we ignore the problem, it will go away.It's that simple folks. Our society has removed almost all protections for children.The government takes NO responsibility for the development of its most precious natural resource. More and more, children are able to "grow up" in a world which they have created. The only time people outside of a family get involved in a child's life is when things have gone wrong.The US is being destroyed from within, and the destruction is called apathy.February 28, 2012 at 5:52 pm | Reply patty4cakeBad parenting skills. Too many people with no morals. It all rubs off on the kids. No manners, no morals, no kindness, no empathy and so on. Ignorance.February 28, 2012 at 5:52 pm | Reply mikeAt least I don't have to read the same absurd soundbite from the media over and over again when it comes to violence in America.  "Senseless, unexplainable, unthinkable, etc.etc."  It obviously MAKES SENSE and it can obviously be explained.  There are reasons for everything in this world, and the reasons for such anger are hardly a mystery.  It's a matter of yanking America's head out of some hole and force them to stare at themselves.February 28, 2012 at 5:53 pm | Reply tanyaMike, very good point.  Well said.  You are rightthis is a feel-good society where everything disturbing is written off as "unexplainable" and  "inconceivable".  VERY irresponsible of us adults.  You are right.  It can be explained.February 28, 2012 at 6:10 pm | Reply tarzanjungle"Why does America lead the world in school shootings?"Answer: No one teaches values anymore. =(February 28, 2012 at 5:54 pm | Reply jdoeThis article is so unfair to America.  We also lead in workplace shootings, domestic shootings, and overall violent crimes amongst first world nations.February 28, 2012 at 5:54 pm | Reply skippyAmericans also lead the world in the liberty of its people  and Americans are guaranteed status as citizens because they have the right to arm themselves, as opposed to other first world counties whose populous are patronized subjects, under the delusion of being free.February 28, 2012 at 6:12 pm | Reply BelgianWoman"the right to arm themselves": would you call that "freedom"? I really wouldn't feel "free" anymore if I knew that all my neighbours and all the fellow-students of my childrens had firearms. Your freedom ends when it comes into conflict with the freedom and safety of others.February 28, 2012 at 7:34 pm | bobWhy is China #1 in school killings by knife? Because citizens can not own guns.February 28, 2012 at 5:55 pm | Reply jdoeWhy China?  Why not compare ourselves to Somlia and come out looking good?February 28, 2012 at 5:58 pm | Reply OhBoyBob,  You know nothing about China.  Comparing  the population the rate crime is big difference with the rate crime in USA.February 28, 2012 at 6:19 pm | Reply lorenIt is the hateful disrespect for the lives of others.February 28, 2012 at 5:57 pm | Reply DavonskevortHoly cow our schools are number 1 at something at last. That will teach them chinamen a thing or two about how to run a school. We showed them didnt we.... maybe if re ran schooles and mirriored our culture after china we would be more successful and last a few thousand years.February 28, 2012 at 5:58 pm | Reply brndbrnThe problem with American is environment/society we live. Were #1 in divorce. American Greed,jealousy the list goes on & on. Trust me its not the guns!February 28, 2012 at 5:59 pm | Reply lorenYou hit it on the head...February 28, 2012 at 6:03 pm | Reply DarnRightOh yeah, you hit the nail. So true.February 28, 2012 at 11:49 pm | Reply phactcheckeri love it how everyone wants to use the "criminal " boogey man but no one is adressing the 800lbs elephant in the room and that is that almost all school shootings that have happened lately have happened in states that guns are easily accessible.. im sure these are the same people defending the right to have a million guns .. As far as im concerned go ahead.. its your own children that are gonna keep dying from you leaving your guns laying around..Off yourselves if u want but hurt 1 person i love and the gloves are off..February 28, 2012 at 5:59 pm | Reply LoathstherightBecause we have WAY TOO MANY GUNS and HAVE EASY ACCESS TO THEN without a MENTAL EVALUATION to own one. And then there's the violent messed up mental insanity society we live in also.February 28, 2012 at 6:00 pm | Reply lorenThis kid was not old enough to have bought this gun! So your explanation fails.February 28, 2012 at 6:04 pm | Reply BelgianWomanBut what about kids who get a gun as a present under the Christmas tree?February 28, 2012 at 7:30 pm | lorenMurders are not because of guns, knives or any other tool. Murders are because people are hate-filled, selfish, disrespecters  of others and  do not learn to control themselves.February 28, 2012 at 6:01 pm | Reply johnkeatingIt's the profit-driven economic system that promotes wealth hoarding, social stratification, poverty and addictions, manipulation, lying, crime and violence. Bingo.February 28, 2012 at 6:03 pm | Reply SandeBecause we have more guns in America than any other country in the world. Rock throwing wars are for those countries who do not have access to weapons.February 28, 2012 at 6:03 pm | Reply JeramieHSwitzerland is #4 on the world's guns-per-capita list, and they don't seem to have this problem.February 28, 2012 at 6:08 pm | Reply coltonbecause we confuse "freedom" with gun ownership.  sadly, this will happen more.February 28, 2012 at 6:03 pm | Reply Easy AnswerThe answer? American parents are lazy and good for nothing.February 28, 2012 at 6:05 pm | Reply SiggyHmm, this is a hard one!February 28, 2012 at 6:05 pm | Reply PDXSerricThe reason is simple:  kids have to easy an access to firearms.  No, this isn't an anti-Second Amendment rant, but we have to face the truth here.  If the kids didn't have such an easy access to these weapons, be they from their parent's unsecured (or sometimes secured) cases, internet shopping or whatnot, the number of school shootings would go down.  Kids have enough going on emotionally, etc. already, they definitely don't need access to weapons.   SO how do we address this without the pro-gun lobbyists and individual groups lashing back, demanding that the only way to protect these kids to to arm all of them?  When is enough enough?  Or do we just continue to ignore it, satisfying ourselves by just shaking our heads and clicking our tongues when it happens over and over again?February 28, 2012 at 6:06 pm | Reply tanyaSaw on the huffingtonpost that the shooter's father committed very vicious acts of domestic violence against the boy's mother and then also against the next woman he married.  He also assaulted a police officer.  Maybe as a society we should start being concerned about the widespread problem of men bullying and beating women in the home in front of their children.  Maybe we need to start condemning the actions of these men and demand that they be held accountable for their actions.  I am done reading here.  Unbelievable that the original article did not include this disturbing information about the shooter's father.  The shooter was taught violence in the home by his father (against his mother no less).  Disturbing.  And very relevant to the story.  Good job cnn on leaving this information out completely.February 28, 2012 at 6:06 pm | Reply SashaGfromtheOCWrong!  I was raised with violence and guess what?  I had options. I knew I could walk down one path or choose the other path.  I was also bullied. I was beaten up on the railroads tracks weekly from the ferocious Catholic high school girls when I was in elementary school.  I was small and timid and just a little girl.  I survived.We all have choices regardless of the hell we were brought up in. So since this boy was raised with violence, you get it and it's OK??  We are all accountable for our actions; all of us.  What frosts me is how you think CNN owed us an explanation of the boy's upbringing.  Leave it for the defense attorneys.February 28, 2012 at 7:20 pm | Reply OhBoyTHE SOLUTION IS VERY SIMPLE AT THE HANDS OF THE LAWMAKERS THAT IS....... BAN GUNS IN USA! NO SHOULD BE ALLOW TO SALE OR BUY BY ORDINARY CITIZENS IN THE USA.  LETS LOOK AT CHINA FOR EXAMPLE.  IN CHINA IT IS CRIME TO SALE OR BUY GUNS.  THIS IS T HE ONLY WAY TO STOP SCHOOLS SHOOTINGS AND HIGH CRIME IN USA.February 28, 2012 at 6:07 pm | Reply lorenYou are wrong!February 28, 2012 at 6:14 pm | Reply OhBoyARE YOU SAYING i AM WRONG?February 28, 2012 at 6:15 pm | PSYou are right, and I hope America wakes up! But gun schizos in this country do not have enough oxygen supply to their brain cells due to fear of intruders! Look at this guy below!February 28, 2012 at 6:16 pm | Reply Dave23Banning guns is not the solution. It sounds great on paper, but so did making drugs illegal. Kids as low as the elementary school have access to illegal drugs. If you ban guns they will still be able to get their hands on them. Seems to me this is a society problem that only certain regions need to deal with. I live in a state where the number of guns vastly outnumber the the total population and we have NEVER had a school shooting. GUNS DON'T KILL PEOPLE, PEOPLE DO!!! We. We as people are the most dangerous animal on the planet, and the only way to stop school shooting is to return parents to being parents and actually raising their children instead of letting video games/internet/mtv do it for them.February 28, 2012 at 6:29 pm | Reply PSThere it is! The gun "schizos" mantra  Guns don't kill, people do blah blah!  If people had knives, drugs or swords to kill, they would need to approach someone and then try to kill! At best it is a hit or miss situation.  It is hard work my friend! Guns do not need anything more than anger, irritation, temporary lapse of judgement etc...and you have killed a handful already!February 28, 2012 at 6:35 pm | Dave23Guns don't get angry PS people do. All the things you said in your reply to me are feelings of a person, not a firearm. A gun does not decide to pull a trig a person does. All be it a troubled person but it was still a person not a gun that decided to kill. You have much bigger problems in this country than simply banning guns. Making them illegal will solve NOTHING! In fact it could potentially make the problems worse by taking firearms that were once in stores and putting them on the black market for any idiot to buy, at least a store requires a background check. Open your eyes PS, open your eyes!!!!February 28, 2012 at 7:00 pm | PSThe author repeatedly keeps making excuses instead of boldly questioning the utter stupidity of allowing citizens to own guns for no reason whatsoever in this century! What kind of civilized country has daily shootings? What kind of country has its people locked up after dark, too scared to take a simple moonlight stroll in their own neighborhoods? What kind of country has basically allowed a war zone to happen on their streets without ever raising a whimper about guns? The answer to all this  the Great United States of America!February 28, 2012 at 6:08 pm | Reply Dave23Guns don't get angry PS people do. All the things you said in your reply to me are feelings of a person, not a firearm. A gun does not decide to pull a trig a person does. All be it a troubled person but it was still a person not a gun that decided to kill. You have much bigger problems in this country than simply banning guns. Making them illegal will solve NOTHING! In fact it could potentially make the problems worse by taking firearms that were once in stores and putting them on the black market for any idiot to buy, at least a store requires a background check. Open your eyes PS, open your eyes.February 28, 2012 at 6:44 pm | Reply kariI have a question for people who say everyone should be armed so criminals would think twice about breaking into private property or going on a shooting rampage: How would anyone determine who the "bad guy" is if everyone pulls out a weapon and starts shooting? Wouldn't more innocent people get shot?February 28, 2012 at 6:09 pm | Reply JeramieHIf you're in my house with a gun and I don't know you, then you're the bad guy.February 28, 2012 at 6:12 pm | Reply JojofromNonoOf course access to guns are the major problem. Look at Canada for a lesson in gun control. Of course, it takes many many tragedies for Americans to look beyond their borders to learn from other people. But, no, that anachronistic 2nd amendment can't possibly be to blame. In Canada we mock Americans as gun nuts. As long as you have preventable tragedies like the one above, I can confidently say that we're right.February 28, 2012 at 6:09 pm | Reply JeramieHYou mean like Switzerland, 4th highest guns per capita in the world?February 28, 2012 at 6:13 pm | Reply erich2112xWe need to start giving teachers a gun, some pepper spray, a taser, and a baton as standard issue gear.February 28, 2012 at 6:12 pm | Reply AnaComing from Balkans: the main difference is PARENTING. Americans fail to tech children about good and bad. In my country parents spent much more time with kids  starting with 1 year of maternity leave. Children need to have system of values BEFORE they start school. Trust me.February 28, 2012 at 6:12 pm | Reply MikeTotal BS.  If parenting was actually responsible I think we'd see more than 1 incident per year.  Seriously?February 28, 2012 at 6:19 pm | Reply 2tired2careYou sound like a bad parent to me.February 28, 2012 at 6:23 pm | KyakSo spot on!February 28, 2012 at 6:22 pm | Reply James in TennesseeKids kill each other because in this PC society fighting is not allowed anymore without crazy penalties like 1 year expulsions and arrests.  In my day, you fought got a paddling shook hands and it was over.  Not anymore.February 28, 2012 at 6:14 pm | Reply MikeWould it be too much to ask that when making a claim that "America leads the world in school shootings", a person might actually offer stats that back up that claim?  Something, anything that show the statement to be true?February 28, 2012 at 6:15 pm | Reply PSUnless you have been hiding under a rock, do you not watch any news every night? Every news broadcast has at least the top five items about some gun related violence at the top! Who needs stats?February 28, 2012 at 6:18 pm | Reply MikePeople who need stats are those that would rather not "just take someone's word for it"  Great, you watch american TV.  The simple fact that you think that informs you of what is happening in every other country is amusing.February 28, 2012 at 6:22 pm | Reply PSAmerican TV has a lot of international news too my friend! I have visited other nations and watched their top five news items, and believe me they do not have mayhem and chaos on them! This country needs to wake up from the brainless violence in our streets and schools!February 28, 2012 at 6:27 pm | JeramieHThe news cherry-picks sensational stories for drama. They're in the business to grab eyes and sell ads. Their stories hardly represent a valid slice of America.February 28, 2012 at 6:30 pm | Reply RaammsonEasy Access to guns and the simple thought that bullying is ok. The columbine due were bullied which this article denies. Bullying isn't ok and they need to be punished or else more things like this will happen.February 28, 2012 at 6:15 pm | Reply Dave23Don't give that crap that bullying is causing this. I agree that people should be cordial to others and treat them as they would like to be treated, but we are raising a society of pansies. People are losing the ability to deal with problems because we are constantly enabling them too. Bullying is nothing new to society, it has been going on ever since somebody noticed that somebody else is different. The difference from then and now is we coddle our youth way too much. If anything a little bullying is a good thing, it puts people in their place. I work in a small school that covers grades 7-12. I constantly see 7th and 8th graders lipping off and talking trash to juniors and seniors in high school. In my day that didn't happen, the idiots that did do that ended up in a dumster or getting roughed up after school, and that stopped the behavior. Now if a jr. or sr. in high school were to do that they would be expelled for "BULLYING" when the kid that got "BULLIED" actually deserved what he got.February 28, 2012 at 6:37 pm | Reply Dave23Because we sensationalize stories like these in the news. That is why this happens. If a poor lonely person in school wants to get attention all they have to do is look in the news archives and see that school shootings make quite a splash in the media. In today's world we need a more responsible media than what we have in place today.February 28, 2012 at 6:19 pm | Reply CygI bet if you asked Sanitorium, he'd say it's because Democrats went to college for an education instead of going to church and staying stupid...(we'd all be perfect angels and saints if we chose the church path, never a GOP war ever, etc).February 28, 2012 at 6:19 pm | Reply asad.khanpourBecause USA is the more criminal country and the main sponser of trourism and extrimism in the worldFebruary 28, 2012 at 6:20 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsStrap on that suicide vest and go get em AsadFebruary 28, 2012 at 6:26 pm | Reply SabiduriaThis is so sad. I wonder when this stuff will stop? Bullying. It won't until parents, school officials, and churches start to mediate this situation. More than that, WE i.e. society needs to take bullying seriously. Back in the day if someone bulled you; you either fought back or ran away. Sure, some even took it a step further and brought things to school in order to hurt the person that bullied them, but never to this extreme. Why? Plain and simple. Not enough God in our kids lives, and the places in which they spend 80% of their time i.e. school. Further, our children have gotten desensitized to death and killing. Alot of times the bullied becomes the bullier. I know that because I was bullied. I was one of dozens of kids that was bullied by this monster in middle school. He was a 7th grader just like me. God knows, what was going on in his house that caused him to be so evil to others. I brought a knife to school and was going to stop him from messing with me. He was a big, black, tall, rusty, and extremely mean. Even the teachers were scared of him. It was God's grace that that the knife fail out of my backpack, and a student told on me. I was sent to the principle's office and when he asked why I had a knife I lied. I was too scared to tell him that this guy was terrorizing me along with other kids in the school. (Kids are scared to talk ya'll) Needlessness to say, after that day the boy never bothered me again, but I wonder what would have happened if I didn't have God on my side...covering me. Moral of this story...Bullying is REAL. It needs to be addressed, but more so we need to get God back in the schools.February 28, 2012 at 6:20 pm | Reply KatKids need to learn how to stand up for themselves. The "positive reinforcement" thing is all well and good, but if you want the kids to stop being bullied it has to start at the stereotyped "victim". The bully's not going to change. Bullies pick on people for plenty of reasons, but one of them is because they may just enjoy it or think it's okay. They won't pick on someone who fights back. It's not as much fun. Unfortunately, I have caught myself being a bully in the past and can speak from experience. If you make yourself vulnerable, you get picked on. If you don't defend yourself and insist upon turning the other cheek and/or telling yourself that you're "above fighting", the problem will get worse because it looks like you're just being weak. Bullies pick on weaklings. Kids have to make themselves tough. No crying in public, no being a big fat chicken. That's what a bully sees when you say "I'm not going to fight with you". They see a chicken. Someone scared. You have to defend yourself and have confidence, if you rely on "security" and teachers in schools and "turning the other cheek" YOU WILL BECOME A VICTIM. Bullies don't see "virtues". They see weakness.February 28, 2012 at 6:20 pm | Reply albertYou are a weak person if you believe that nonsense.  Bullies are the way they are because of physical and mental abuse at home.  Yes their pathetic parents are the problems!  That is the problem that needs to be fixed!February 28, 2012 at 6:23 pm | Reply carpeminutamYou come across as bully with that post.February 28, 2012 at 10:37 pm | misterjackI say put cameras in every classroom and common area even if teacher don't like them.February 28, 2012 at 6:20 pm | Reply Dave23I am a teacher, and I speak for most teachers when I say we would more than welcome camera's in the classroom. It would be much easier to point out to a parent how their kids are behaving in the classroom if we were ALLOWED to do this.February 28, 2012 at 6:22 pm | Reply JeramieHWe had a physics teacher try to install a camera in his classroom because the previous teacher was let go over a "he said, she said" situation. The district lawyer told him to take it down... it was too much trouble to archive the video feed for the necessary legal record-keeping requirement than simply fire him if any question came up.February 28, 2012 at 6:33 pm | Reply albertThe answer is easy; It's because America has a lot of make pretend Christians that actual believe it is a God given right to own a Gun.  They leave these guns laying around for their children to find and use.February 28, 2012 at 6:20 pm | Reply PSHard to make out if these pretend Christians love life, love God, hate life or just hate themselves too much to care for anything!  Or may be it is just their brain cells not working with all that infusion of religion!February 28, 2012 at 6:24 pm | Reply 2tired2careDid you see where the 4 yr old shot and killed his 3 yr old brother? Just happened last week. Mother left the gun on top of a dresser.February 28, 2012 at 6:25 pm | Reply carpeminutamSure. Blame it on religion. Its the cool thing to do. Its the new pink.February 28, 2012 at 10:39 pm | Reply 2tired2careWe're #1, we're #1, we're #1February 28, 2012 at 6:21 pm | Reply SabiduriaI want to add it is okay for kids to stand up for themselves but I'd rather a kid to learn how to talk it out first. Then punch it out if they have to, but NEVER shoot it out.February 28, 2012 at 6:23 pm | Reply JoeThis article has it all wrong and typical media bull. The reason America leads the world in school shootings is because we are a spoiled brat nation of people and have an extreme liberal way of looking at the real issue.The fact is other countries school system is there for learning and learning only. Their approach is strictly a learning center. The clothes are the same, the food is the same and everything is about the lesson being learned at any given day.American schools are all about socializing, interacting with the cool groiup of people, who is doing who and who has what. It is all superficial, spolied, liberal mentality that produces bullying in school and in our society.Make all the kids wearluniforms. make all the kids eat the same lunch. make all the kids ride a school bus. Eliminate any type of social activity and just focus on education when in school.We have too many social events, prep rally's, school dances etc... We have too many was that people can be picked on for the clothes they wear or for the crowd they socialize with.Take all this away and have school as a place where the brain absorbes eduction and we too will see a drop i this type of event.Keep producing a school enviroment where school is a cool place to hang out with friends and socialize and we will continue to not only fall behind in education, but struggle with those more fortunate in life to pick on those who have less.February 28, 2012 at 6:23 pm | Reply SomeoneYou raise an intriguing point really which bears some thought.  However, to expect that all problems woulkd go away is unrealistic.  EVen though I may wear the same clothes, personality and physical attarction also enter into the bullying equation.  There will always be kids who will pick on the less attarctive one, the socially unskilled one, and no uniform or similarity of experience will take that away unless we totally regiment the schoills like prisons or military boot camp.February 29, 2012 at 1:15 pm | Reply Terry MooreThe question  is WHY...The answer is BECAUSE we sell guns without discrimination, with only profit in mind, with no sense of control, with millions of deluded citizens who believe what the NRA feeds them, because we are not men enough to wnvision a society without lethal weapons,because our culture is based upon violence and death, because we cherish everything morbid and cannot celebrate life.. because we are a sick nation.February 28, 2012 at 6:23 pm | Reply tendertypeIs it getting worse or is it because of the "advancement" of media over the last 30 years that publicizes it more than ever?February 28, 2012 at 6:24 pm | Reply Al AntonWe wanted God OUT of our schools - and He left.  What do you expect?February 28, 2012 at 6:24 pm | Reply 2tired2careKeep god out of this. He owns a handgun and plans to use it.February 28, 2012 at 6:27 pm | Reply JohnRJohnsonWe are #1 in school shootings because we have more guns in this country than anywhere else in the world. Between that and de-sensitizing ultra-violent video games, I amazed we don't have even more. There have been 52 murders within a 4-mile radius of my daughter's high school since 2006. Many of the victims were kids. But don't dare suggest that we rethink gun control, because too many men in this country see their guns as an extensor of their manhood. They hide behind the 2nd Amendment, a law which most of them do not understand, to justify owning dozens of weapons, most of which are specifically designed to kills lots of human beings in a very short period of time. It's part of our culture, so it doesn't surprise me at all that immature, troubled kids often conclude that guns are useful problem solving tool.February 28, 2012 at 6:24 pm | Reply NatOMG!!  It's called GUNS!!!Even the medias are afraid to call it for what it is, your guns lobbyist are one of the most powerful groups in the US if not THE most. I lived in the states (loved it) and as a canadian I can certify that our youth over here are just like US boys and girls, no difference. They watch the same shows, play the same games, experience bullying...Yet I can only recall two incidents like this one in the last 50 years!THE ONLY DIFFERENCE is that guns are rarely owned here, they are sold out of the view and few specialty hunting stores. They are regulated and not easy to purchased.Gun lovers always use the founding fathers...The fact is these men lived in a different era, where everyone needed personal protection to protect their land and property. This is no longer the case. In fact, what the gun lovers always fail to mention is that guns are very very rarely used for personal protection, instead domestic violence, family disputes and regularly mass shooting like this one accounts for what these guns end up being used for.Guns are for police officers and the likes not for the general population, and as long as the greed of the huge gun industry continues to thrive  mass shooting like this one will continue as well.February 28, 2012 at 6:25 pm | Reply PSThey are not called gun "lovers"! They do not "love" anything, including their own children! We call them gun "schizos" or "nuts" because they are always paranoid about everything! They carry their loaded guns with their bulged out eyes, constantly wondering if their forefathers' given rights will let them shoot anything that moves!February 28, 2012 at 6:31 pm | Reply JMI agree but you are going to get a barrage of dissent. People seem to think that easy access to guns (and guns everywhere:  in the home, on the street) contribute to violence...not at all. Delusion.February 28, 2012 at 6:33 pm | Reply JeramieHWe've had guns since the founding of America. Probably moreso in the past when they were necessary for hunting for survival. If you were right, the nation would have already killed itself 200 years ago.February 28, 2012 at 6:37 pm | Reply GoZippyGoCriminals seek out defenseless victims and, unlike you, I choose not to be defenseless.February 28, 2012 at 6:38 pm | Reply OhBoyTHIS IS TOO MUCH. PLEASE LETS ASK THE LAWMAKERS TO BAN GUNS COMPLETELY IN USA.  I HAVE BEEN SHOT WHILE WRITING THIS.  THIS IS TOO MUCH.  SOMEBODY HELP ME!  February 28, 2012 at 6:54 pm | Reply CMGMWhy is there no mention of the legal drugs that are pushed on our nation's children, sometimes as early as age 2 or 3. No mention of the fact that many of the teens involved in school shootings are on psych meds and have had their brains severely tampered with. Overmedicated kids, teens and American adults. It's sick and it's sad. One day the drug companies will be investigated for pushing drugs on these poor kids and their parents. All in the name of  $ profit. Sick, tragic and downright evil. There are a few lawsuits popping up around the county now, but one day the truth will come out! Big Pharm kill$ many!February 28, 2012 at 6:28 pm | Reply saywhat?This has to be one of the most uneducated opinions I have ever read. Guns and ammo are no more accessible than they were in the '60's and 70's. The problem is zero-tolerance. Unlike the 60's and 70's if you fight back against a bully you are the one who is suspended, expelled or arrested.February 28, 2012 at 6:28 pm | Reply GoZippyGoFrom 1979 through 2006, gun deaths fell by 40% (per capita) for White children (18 & under) but rose by 55% for Black children. The chance of a child dying at shool is less than dying on a bicycle.  So what?February 28, 2012 at 6:29 pm | Reply RecoveringRepubWhen a kid comes to school with a parent's gun, I hope the parents of the victims sue the parents of the shooter.  I hope prosecutors also charge the parents with contributory negligence.  According to the FBI statistics, if you have a gun in your house for "protection"  it is 22 times (not percent, times) more likely the gun will be used by a member of the household against someone they know instead of an intruder.  So spouses get shot, kids get killed accidentally playing, kids take it to school, etc.  Of course, the same idiots who think "Those statistics don't apply to me", are the same people who think they can beat a casino and are shocked when they lose all of their money in Vegas or don't understand why they haven't won the lottery after playing all these years.February 28, 2012 at 6:30 pm | Reply JMSo unbelievably sad. God help us all.February 28, 2012 at 6:30 pm | Reply MikeAmerica the world leader?  Canada has had 29 deaths from school shootings.  America has had 234.  America has roughly 10x the amount of population of Canada.  29 x 10 = 290.  Does this mean Canada is just as violent or more so than the US, since they actually have more deaths due to school shootings per capita?February 28, 2012 at 6:30 pm | Reply GeorgeGuns have been around for a couple hundred years and this phenom has really only become prevalent in the last decade or so. So what has changed? The internet for one. The ease with which one can slander, tease or bully another person is magnified to such an extent that, even with anonymity, you can cut a kid to shreds. Perhaps our children have thinner skin as well. They were raised by Mr. Rogers and Barney where no matter what  you were the most special person in the world  so it goes to reason that when reality dictates that not everyone likes you (justified or not) that your reaction might be more extreme than a person raised in another era. Just my 2 cents.February 28, 2012 at 6:32 pm | Reply PSOw, you forgot one small thing  guns too have changed! It is a lot harder to use a musket to kill students at random! BTW, muskets were the ones our forefathers protected under our rights. Not the semiautomatic ones!February 28, 2012 at 6:38 pm | Reply Dave23PS, it was once legal for people to own FULLY automatic weapons, until the 1930's, let alone semi-auto ones and there was never a problem with school shootings until the last 15 years. So we went 80 years with semi-auto guns and no problems to more regulation and more school shooting in the last 15 years. Again PS you need to open your eyes to the greater problems in society than guns.February 28, 2012 at 6:54 pm | JohnI'm surprised a three death shooting makes news and a fuss in US.February 28, 2012 at 6:32 pm | Reply viper5422007And to comment on one statement I viewed.......I disagree ......most school shooting are seemingly based on someone being bullied! We have at one point been there.....no one wants to admit it...fine....I was a chubby little kid in grade school.....fine...such is life....but come freshman year in HS......I was the 6'3" buff so called american star....but i never forgot my roots and my friends from back in the day...I thank my parents upbringing and ....even thoughout Mlitary whicH I did 2 wars they are still my friends and i talk to them all the time....friends from grade school mind you.....I dont know...must be so called a "sign of the times." I dont know....everyone can blame parents, teachers etc etc......I dont know purhaps Im old lolFebruary 28, 2012 at 6:37 pm | Reply wharf0ratWhy does America lead the world in school shootings?  Probably the same reason the US government leads the world in military spending, invading and occupying other countries, and killing innocent people.February 28, 2012 at 6:38 pm | Reply GeorgeThat makes absolutely no sense whatsoever.  So with your logic, kids with guns are attempting to mimic the US military.  Listen, post something at least marginally thought out next time.  Raise the bar a bit.February 28, 2012 at 6:41 pm | Reply wharf0ratActually it makes quite a bit of sense, my friend.  Kids killing people in school, abortions, the death penalty, and the US military killing civilians abroad are all manifestations of the American culture of death.February 28, 2012 at 7:03 pm | QuestioneerIn my youth bulliing was present too (I am over 70).  BUT: The weapons have changed dramatically and the cell phones and internet abilities have a good share on that. Society may not be able to follow this up and judge the dangers.February 28, 2012 at 6:38 pm | Reply CMedanskyIf we want to prevent school shootings and create a safer, healthier and happier learning environment for our children we need to examine the influence of the media, as well gun-safety laws. In the past decade, the globalization of media has prompted much research concerning media violence. Digital Gaming: A Comparative International Study of Youth Leisure in a Peaceful and War Zone Country (Eludamos. 2008) indicates that game genre preferences seem to be affected by differing political situations; specifically, male eGamers ages 13-14 years that are living in a war zone are much less interested the shooting genre than males living in a peaceful country. This is particularly problematic given the Desensitization Model (Cohn, 1995) where the exposure to media violence decreases sensitivity to aggression and the Phantom Effect (Barak, 2007) where people involved in virtual games tend to do, or prefer, things that they miss doing or cannot do in their everyday life. In everyday life, we teach children to be kind to others, to cooperate, and to be courteous because we innately understand that good relations with the environment  and not fighting with it or gaining something by force  imply security and peace. If we want to eliminate animosity, as well as the promotion and display of violence, it requires the media, the school programs, and public organizations to start promoting relationships of cooperation and kindness as the characteristics that our children will think are necessary to cope with difficult situations.February 28, 2012 at 6:39 pm | Reply ObserverThere many countries  in this world which hasn't had a single school shooting for the last 10 or 20 years. Why don't America ask them how they do it?February 28, 2012 at 6:41 pm | Reply abtimeFailure to post my observation only proves it's validity. You cannot have a society, which is a chain of links, where it's okay for urban children to be killed expectedly and not have that same death visit surburban children. Karma will not be denied.February 28, 2012 at 6:41 pm | Reply pisanwell said and true...although very few understand karmaFebruary 28, 2012 at 6:57 pm | Reply Tips for LifeThe problem is not in the gun itself or having access to one.  The problem lies with no one trying to truly understanding why someone wants to use a weapon or gun on another person  particularly children commiting crimes against other children and teachers.   Personally, I think it is two types of cultural shocks  one is taking GOD out of school and putting cultural diversity in HIS place.  There is no comparison and as long as America does not embrace its own rich spiritual culture that pre-existed prior to the invasion, we will continue to decline in morals, standards and all else while embracing other inferior, corrupted people and their cultures.February 28, 2012 at 6:42 pm | Reply RickyLet's see:- Easy access to guns.- A belief that if someone does not agree with us we can kill them. Since WWII, we have been policing the world and getting into so many wars that now kids (and most adults) think that if someone does not agree with us, we have the right to bomb them. This macrocosm mentality always turns into a microcosm mentality too. You disagree with me, so I have the right kill you to preserve my way of life.- A history of xenophobia and racism. Once you are able to dehumanize a whole ethnicity or race, and think that their lives are not worth much at all, it is easy to do the same with people you dislike even within your own ethnicity or race.- An excess of regulations that were intended to protect kids at school, but now make it impossible to educators to "get involved" and stop bullying without risking getting sued or charged with something.- And finally, the fact that most people in this country have now have grown up in, and had their parents and grand parents grow up in, a first world economy, where we tend to think that our problems at school ("people make fun of me," "I don't fit in") are much worse than they really are. Two or three generations ago, even kids had other real problems to worry about, and not being popular at school was not in the top of the list.February 28, 2012 at 6:43 pm | Reply TOM"Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap". "What comes around goes around". Ring any bells? We stole this land using violence and murderand in the name of God. We are cursed to violence until our empathy balances out this atrocious history. We must learn to share both gains and luxury as well as labor and pain. Do these things, and we will find peace, and even if the per capita gun ratio were 10 guns per person, gun crime would be nearly zero. Do we want beauty or ugliness? That is the ultimate question to ask. We can make things as beautiful or as ugly as we like. It is the freedom free will grants us. What kind of world do you want to live in?February 28, 2012 at 6:43 pm | Reply fandangoHow right you are.February 28, 2012 at 7:51 pm | Reply jasonWhy is US #1 in school shootings? A gun culture that is outdated by about 300 years. People love guns, and want guns to "defend themselves against the government". It sounds crazy, but that is the culture of the conservatives who still live in the days of an evil foreign government and militias.February 28, 2012 at 6:43 pm | Reply GoZippyGoUnlike you, I choose not to be defenseless.  If you choose to be an unarmed citizen, I don't deny you that right.February 28, 2012 at 6:47 pm | Reply jasonThe idea that you need to constantly protect yourself by carrying around a gun is also outdated. More applicable when there was no civilized society. That's why most people in the world are able to live long normal lives without carrying or storing guns. Of course you have a right to a gun in this country, but having that right is symptomatic of a gun culture that should no longer needed.February 28, 2012 at 6:57 pm | wharf0ratActually in the past 40 years, around the world, unarmed citizens have been much more effective in toppling their government than have armed citizens.February 28, 2012 at 6:57 pm | RichMy grandfather grew up taking guns to school with him.  He would set the rifle against the wall in the back room and after school, go hunting with his friends.  You don't see him shooting up the place.  We live in a society where we have made guns evil.  Kids find them mysterious and the video games they play glorify violence.  Back when my Grandfather was a kid, if there was a bully at school, the parent of the kid getting bullied would tell their kid to leave the house and not come back until they had it out in the school yard.  The kids would get it over with, and have respect for each other.  Don't blame the guns.  This problem will get worse because parents have forgotten how to parent.February 28, 2012 at 6:43 pm | Reply Dave23I couldn't have said it better my self. Great post Rich!February 28, 2012 at 6:50 pm | Reply wharf0ratWe live in a society that has also made drugs evil.  Legalize them and we wouldn't have so many problems.February 28, 2012 at 7:08 pm | Reply Jay CIn our local school shooting some years back, it was a bully who was repeatedly tormenting another student. My wife drove the school bus, she had the bully removed and filed many reports. The parents of the bully kept going to the school and pleading to let the bully back in.Bully comes back to school, torments the same student again. The student gets tired of being bullied, brings a .45 auto, unloads three rounds into the bully. The bully lived, but was no longer a bully.The difference between today and yesterday, is that bullies are nurtured and enabled today. It's a societal problem that has nothing to do with the type of weapon or access.February 28, 2012 at 6:45 pm | Reply AndrewUS is #1 in school shootings because we have the most guns.  other countries have school stabbings.  As far as I know the US does not have a higher rate of violence in general though.February 28, 2012 at 6:46 pm | Reply MikeCanada actually has more deaths via school shootings per capita than the US.  So this #1 rap is bogus.  We have 10x the population, but per capita they have more deaths.February 28, 2012 at 6:49 pm | Reply kandy321Why does America lead the world in school shootings? Because American kids have no imagination. A super soaker and a gallon of gas would have been equally effective.February 28, 2012 at 6:46 pm | Reply ChaeineyBushDuh !!  We have more guns than the rest of the world.  We drug our kids with medicines they do not need, and we glorify nudity and violence in movies and TV programs.February 28, 2012 at 6:47 pm | Reply MikeCanada has more killings per capita then the USA via school shootings, but I guess that doesn't count in your standings?  Of course they are going to have less killings overall, they have 1/10th the population!  So why isn't anyone talking about their gun violence?February 28, 2012 at 6:48 pm | Reply HorseCentzWe had guns in our homes when I was young but this did not happen.  Why now?   We took God out of school and did not replace the value system nor replace the idea that there are consequences of negative behavior.    Everything is acceptable and must be permitted lest we be accused of not separating church and state or of being insensitive to every cause.February 28, 2012 at 6:48 pm | Reply lolBecause your country is hilarious.February 28, 2012 at 6:49 pm | Reply PatriciaDThe reason we have so many school shootings is because kids nowadays don't have hope for a future. Jobs are scarce, education puts them in great debt, there is mass confusion all around the world, especially in the Middle East, and greed abounds in our society. Money is more important to us than anything. Kids are acting out a hopeless future, and it's society's fault. We need to get our priorities straight, and it isn't making a profit above all else. It's about going back to the Golden Rule and caring for one another. It's about helping your fellow man and woman, not kicking them when they're down. We need to show kids how to act, but we are failing at that. That's the problem.February 28, 2012 at 6:50 pm | Reply MrsFizzyFailing to show kids how to act ...on the contrary, not only are people not parenting properly  in our country we see adults acting like spoiled children as their way of life  but we bring them to a society where guns are easily accessible and shown as the solution in the entertainment they consume.  And why are we surprised again?February 28, 2012 at 6:54 pm | Reply toadstoolit's the 2nd Amendment, stupid!An individual's right to bear arms is more important than the rest of society's right to attend school, go to work and live their lives free from the threat of being shot to death by someone exercising his 2nd amendment right.February 28, 2012 at 6:51 pm | Reply MrsFizzyTell me this is sarcasm ...just checking.February 28, 2012 at 6:55 pm | Reply JOSE0311USMCWHAT WE HAVE HERE IS LACK OF RESPECT....RESPECT OTHERS AND TREAT THEM THE SAME WAY YOU WANT TO BE TREAT IT AND NO PROBLEMS....HOW MANY  KIDS MAKE FUN OF FAT KIDS IN SCHOOL ?? MANY DO...HOW MANY KIDS MAKE FUN OF SHORT KIDS ?? MANY DO ..STOP DOING THAT, SHOW SOME RESPECT FOR OTHERS...BULLYING BEEN ON CNN MANY TIMES IS A HUGE PROBLEM IN UPPER WHITE SCHOOLS...WHY UPPER CLASS SCHOOLS ?? I DON'T KNOW.February 28, 2012 at 6:52 pm | Reply rhIt's not a big deal if there is a small school shooting in other countries, maybe except in certain parts of Europe.  The US does much more handwringing about it.Availability of guns is certainly one factor.  Lack of competent teachers and guidance counselors especially is another reason.  My son was bullied by a coach at school and the guidance counselor didn't care.February 28, 2012 at 6:53 pm | Reply MikeStill no one wants to touch the fact that Canada has more deaths via school shootings per capita than the US.  I guess it's an inconvenient fact in your argument for gun laws, or that the US is inherently more violent than any other country.10x the population but not 10x the school shooting deaths.  Anyone like to comment?February 28, 2012 at 6:55 pm | Reply ArleeMike I'll take a shot at replying, The ratio of population vs deaths is out of wack because of the one shooting in Montreal where 14 people got killed, but the amount of incedents are lower per capita. Canada had had perhaps 2 or 3 school shootings with perhaps 20 people dying. The states has had 50 or so shootings with let say 60 people dying. Yes the ratio of death is higher in Canada but the US has had more incedents. Which one is better, nether one is a stat to be proud of.  It's a matter of do you like more deaths per shooting or more shooting and less deaths per shooting. Just made up the numbers to make a point.February 28, 2012 at 7:26 pm | Reply tanyaGood job CNN on your crappy article.  Did the shooter have a major mental illness?  Probably not.  His writing from facebook that was put out in the news does not appear to reflect major mental illness.  Anger, revenge fantasies.  Yes.  But not major mental illness.  Did the shooter have more access to guns than people from other generations?  No.  Read some of the comments on here from people who say that their grandfathers brought rifles to school to go hunting after school but yet did not use them to commit school shootings.  We have a culture than glamorizes and trivializes violence.  We give our kids violent video games.  Extremely violent movies are marketed towards children.  The shooter's father committed violence towards his mother and towards his next wife and towards a police officer.  So, this boy was taught violence in the home by his father.  Do you think you should include that in your list of possible causes?  What a useless article CNN.February 28, 2012 at 6:57 pm | Reply SeanMore schools then any other country + More readily available guns then any other country = More Shootings in our schools.Simple MathFebruary 28, 2012 at 6:58 pm | Reply MikeSimple math also shows that school shootings happen at a lesser percentage in America than other countries too.  Of course because we have 330 million people we hear about them more.  Example:  Canada, higher rate of school shootings per capita than the USFebruary 28, 2012 at 7:01 pm | Reply Joe WIn my line of work, I have had this discussion with foreigners who question why our society is so violent.  How rare is it is to hear about these types of incidents in places like Australia and Europe.  I would like CNN to compare violent crimes amongst youth with statistics from other developed or even undeveloped countries. no pharma drug can cure an ill that is at its root society's capacity to manage itself.February 28, 2012 at 6:58 pm | Reply JpayBecause America has crazy white kids. And they have rotten parents.February 28, 2012 at 6:58 pm | Reply SashaGfromtheOCThis is to reply to "JPay": what a stupid thing to write. I live in Southern California where our prisons and jails are full of Latinos. Gang members shoot, maim, and kill with glee in my state. Most gang members are not "white". School yourself. We have a problem with guns in America. Period.February 28, 2012 at 7:09 pm | Reply GoZippyGoStrange that gun deaths for white teens are down 40% since 1990 but up by 55% for black teens.February 28, 2012 at 7:16 pm | Reply HorseCentzMexico apparently thinks guns are the problem.  They have a huge corruption and crime problem, but think banning guns will make that go away.  I think crime is the actual problem.  Guns owned by law abiding citizens rarely cause any trouble whatsoever.  However, crime committed with guns is a serious problem.   Those that want to solve the crime problem by taking guns away from law abiding citizens will fail to solve any problem.    Restricting the gun rights of honest people won't do a thing to stop crime.  Guns must be kept away from criminals, children, and the mentally ill.   I've owned guns for 43 years and no crimes have been committed with any of them, and no children, nor mentally ill persons, nor criminals have laid their hands on them.   Its not difficult to be responsible with guns, they are dangerous like fire and most of us know how to be responsible with fire.February 28, 2012 at 6:59 pm | Reply Nissim LevyI was the victim of bullies throughout my high school years. The irony is that soem of these bullies were my "friends". In particualr I remember one of these bullies. His name was Isaac Almaleh. He was a cold hearted little bully who was either incapable of sympathizing with another's pain or recieved much pleasure from inflicting emotional pain. Probably a true sociopath.February 28, 2012 at 6:59 pm | Reply wharf0ratChris Christie is a big fat bully.February 28, 2012 at 7:11 pm | Reply ArleeI was at a pawn shop a couple of years back and I was looking at ipods and everyone else was looking at guns and knives and when I was going out the door a freind of mine said it was sure easy to pick out the Canadian in that group of people.February 28, 2012 at 6:59 pm | Reply MrsFizzy    Ohhh truth hurts...February 28, 2012 at 7:01 pm | Reply MikeThen why do you have a higher rate per capita of school shooting deaths in Canada?February 28, 2012 at 7:04 pm | Reply Daveliberals want "gun free zones" everywhere, yet every school shooting is a "gun free zone" n many other shootings are in "gun free zones", so what exactly are these "gun free zones" stopping?February 28, 2012 at 7:00 pm | Reply Dave23Your right, the more legislation that has come down as "gun" control the more shooting have occurred. I said it in a couple posts earlier, gun control is not the answer, banning guns only puts them on the streets like illegal drugs making them easier to get and harder to track. People are violent creatures, guns or no guns they will find ways to kill each other, GUNS DON'T DECIDE TO KILL PEOPLE DO!February 28, 2012 at 7:04 pm | Reply MartinaThis is just a combination of American "culture" or a lack of thereof and accessibility of guns that does not exist anywhere else in the world. As long as kids have access to weapons this is never going to stop. All this is a moot. How long and how many lives will it take for Americans to learn?February 28, 2012 at 7:01 pm | Reply MikeCan you explain why America has a lower rate per capita than other countries regarding school shooting deaths then?  If what you say was true, per capita we would be #1 in school shootings.  We aren't.  One example is Canada, they have a higher rate.February 28, 2012 at 7:06 pm | Reply HorseCentzLots of places have easier access to guns than us.  In many countries fully automatic weapons are readily available.  The problem is actions not implements.  The actions of the sociopath, criminal, and the irresponsible parent are to blame.February 28, 2012 at 7:09 pm | Reply HorseCentzWe are forbidden to teach right and wrong lest it be construed as faith, hope, and charity.  They we act surprised when children kill because they have no hope, no faith, and no charity in their hearts.February 28, 2012 at 7:03 pm | Reply GabrielSociety has changed.  Everyday children and adults are inundated with violence..violent movies, violent TV programs, violent video games, violent music.  What do you expect?  This will continue because the people who produce this violence make millions.  They call it freedom of expression and don't give two hoots about who dies.  And the stupid judges go along with this propaganda.February 28, 2012 at 7:05 pm | Reply jamesteasykids these days are brought up by older gang banging thugs and wanna have that life. They see how their fathers, older brothers and older friends act out and like it for some reason (its a power trip to have a gun in your hand knowing you can take out what you want when you want and have all your thugs holding in your little secrets on how many peeps they have killed a secret). I had more broken fingers and wrists because my dad was a type of a man that thought all coud be settled thru fists. It cant and i bet you all the cash in the world i mised out on some of the best friends i could have ever had because they were not white skinned and my dad made me fight them at all costs. I was hunting at 6 and had a 20 gauge shot gun crambed in my hands at 8 when my dad traveled fro dupont and was told to keep the girls safe lol i was 4 yrs older other was 8 yrs older and oldest was 14 yrs older than me. It has nothing to do with age it has to do with responsability and education. My spelling is bad SORRY.February 28, 2012 at 7:06 pm | Reply NU FanWhere was dad when the child was young?  Should've been home giving the child life lessons instead of out assaulting people.  Guns don't kill people, people kill people with guns.  Whether it was a gun or a machette doesn't matter,  fact is the kid needed attention and obviously wasn't getting it at home or at school.February 28, 2012 at 7:10 pm | Reply AlthalosOnce again why were guns made? That's correct johnny they were made to kill not to say hay what's up. Guns kill people periodFebruary 28, 2012 at 7:19 pm | Reply world citizenGuns are to individuals as nuke to nations. If we allow every body to have the right to bear arms then we should have no problem with Iranian's nuke.February 28, 2012 at 7:12 pm | Reply AlthalosJust used the same example yesterday and I completely agree. Not with Iran having nukes mind you but with how if people think its okay for everyone to have guns then those same people shouldn't have a problem with Iran having a nuke.February 28, 2012 at 7:21 pm | Reply gtime to disarm the civilian populace they have proven they can't handle possessing deadly weaponsFebruary 28, 2012 at 7:14 pm | Reply AlthalosI agree 100%February 28, 2012 at 7:20 pm | Reply HorseCentzAccording to the FBI crime statistics since gun laws were relaxed in the early 1990's allowing easier access and concealed carry, violent crime is way down and firearm crime is way down also.  By your logic however, we should take away rights to own cars and rights to smoke cigarettes, and rights to swim.February 28, 2012 at 7:23 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsCriminals prefer defenseless victims.  Unlike you, I choose not to be defenseless.February 28, 2012 at 7:27 pm | Reply AbbyYes, let's take away the rights of everyone because 1 person out of millions goes off the deep end.  Great idea.February 29, 2012 at 9:48 am | Reply MikeGod, there are a lot of idiots on here.  People, with a 330 million population there are probably going to be more deaths from school shootings than other countries.  We've had 250 deaths (roughly) due to school shootings in the US.  Canada has had  27 (roughly) deaths.  27 x 10(US population is ten times that of Canada) and you have 270 deaths.Simple math would tell you that Canada is just as violent as the USA when it comes to school shootings, and you would probably find the same stats in other countries as well.  This isn't just a problem here, although mindless idiots just see the overall number, don't think for themselves, and come to the conclusion that the USA is way more violent than other places.It's not, we just have more people.  Canada is proof of that.  Everyone thinks it's so much safe, yet per capita they have more gun violence than we do.  There's more to things than just an overall number people.February 28, 2012 at 7:16 pm | Reply DaveMike, your math is wrong. It's absolutely idiotic infact. We don't have this problem here....at all. There has been exactly one incident in this entire country. Stop looking at stats. This is a moral problem. You're a part of it by the looks of it. Go back and re-bury your head in the sand....and stats.February 28, 2012 at 7:49 pm | Reply t-bone westEasy access to guns is no doubt part of the problem. But to completely negate that threat all guns would have to be banned, confiscated and destroyed. There would still be guns in the hands of those who would avoid confiscation- criminals for the most part. But your typical disturbed child would not have access to guns, so that might be a solution. But at what price to our 2nd Amendment rights? Of course the logic of gun confiscation is identical to the logic of illegal drug confiscation. We can't keep all drugs out but making them illegal reduces the amount that would otherwise be in society. But we see how ineffective our drug policies are. As a short term solution it might be advisable to strictly enforce metal detectors, security guards, etc.February 28, 2012 at 7:18 pm | Reply alovingfatherput God and prayer back in schools and see what happens.February 28, 2012 at 7:18 pm | Reply AlthalosAmen. I am tired of all these atheists that continue to insult us daily while we do not insult them in their choice to be atheist. All I'm saying is if I don't insult your religion or your beliefs don't insult mine.February 28, 2012 at 7:24 pm | Reply 2-SIDES-OF-THE-COINWe have  too many God-haters in this country  and   too many  leaders  who    rather  please  them  then God.  For this reason   God has  removed His shield of  protection and  turned   this  country over to  the ungodly.  Pray not  "God bless America", He  has  done it, and  look what it became, the same as rebellios  Israel of old. ....   BUT  Pray,  God  have mercy  and  bring   America  to her knees!February 28, 2012 at 7:41 pm | Reply TOS4OlamThat is the wisest statement on this whole blog.February 29, 2012 at 1:12 am | Reply doctordrewlWhat if every student had a gun and knew how to use it?  Manners might make a comeback...February 28, 2012 at 7:19 pm | Reply suzanWas this teen receiving  counseling?   Who gave him support?   Did his grades change for the worse recently?  Diid he ever tell his father to leave him alone ?   So many questions.   One fact we have is that his father was an abuser from the time this kid was a tot.   His father abused his mother and was warned to stay away from his wife and son. The sins of the father.     Was he so angry with his father that he shot others to get some of the anger out?   There are so many issues.   How could those innocent kids been saved from this mass murder?Were they in the wrong place at the wrong time?  Seems so.   The kids that were murdered were beautiful souls.   Why?Why did they have to die?  I can't stop crying after viewing the interview with one of the victim's family.February 28, 2012 at 7:19 pm | Reply Mike #2Kids are babied and can't handle problems because they are brought up living a fairy tale life where everything is provided to them and are sheltered from any wrong doing. God forbid you call someone an idiot in class, you get written up for bullying and get a phone call home on the "incident". Kids are so soft. Our society needs a readjustment on parenting to raise tougher kids who understand discipline, respect, and know how to deal with problems on their own instead of parents/officials conveniently finding ways to solve all their problems for them. Back in the day if you had a problem, you solved in on the playground with a swift punch in the face and you got a detention. Now there's a police report and lawyers with paperwork, payments for medical bills and plastic surgery... even though the kid deserved every ounce of what he had coming. Bullies laugh in the face of authority, the only way they stop is when their "weak prey" isn't so weak anymore. By taking away every opportunity to defend yourself without getting into legal trouble, many times kids bottle it in so long they finally burst and start firing because they don't see any other way out of their own personal hell. I'm generalizing on middle class America... there are many areas with legitimate problems, I'm not commenting on that.February 28, 2012 at 7:19 pm | Reply No one"But school shootings are gun crimes"okayFebruary 28, 2012 at 7:20 pm | Reply simpleno its drug crime first before gun crimeFebruary 28, 2012 at 7:26 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsVermont has no gun control laws and the lowest crime rate in the lower 48 states.February 28, 2012 at 7:21 pm | Reply It's elementary Mr. Watson"School shootings are far more frequent in America than in other countries..."  ...because America has far more schools than other countries. Author Ochberg touched on every subject but the one staring him smack in the face, neatly missing the forest for the trees. Then again, if he had seen and reported on the simplicity of the real reason, there would be no story and no big fat consultant's fee.February 28, 2012 at 7:21 pm | Reply mlrDear God  Why is there so much violence in schools these days.?  Signed fearful studentDear Fearful Student  I am not allowed in schools these days. Love GodFebruary 28, 2012 at 7:22 pm | Reply simpleSimple answer. As about the prescription drugs they take before. Common factor is either ADD drug or anti depression medication. where is FDA when that happens...February 28, 2012 at 7:23 pm | Reply OhBoyONE POTENTIAL SOLUTION WILL BE TO PUT METAL DETECTORS AT SCHOOLS OR HAVE STUDENTS WEAR SCHOOL UNIFORMS SIMILAR TO STUDENTS IN OTHER COUNTRIES.  WE NEED TO SEE BEYONG OUR EYES CAN REACH AND LEARN FROM OTHER COUNTRIES HOW THEY CONTROL THIS KIND OF CRIMES.  IT IS VERY SIMPLE BAN GUNS IN AMERICA.   THE SOLUTION IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF OUR EYES WHY WE KEEP THE MERCHANTS OR GUN TO KEEP MAKING PROFITS BY SALING GUNS AT  THE COSTS OF HUMAN LIFE!February 28, 2012 at 7:23 pm | Reply Claude SlagenhopSeriously?  So you think if this kid didn't have access to a gun, he wouldn't take a hatchet  or a hunting knife to his fellow classmates?  How about a propane tank bomb or a suicide vest filled with ball bearings?   I would call you a name but it would probably invalidate my post, but it rhymes with noron.February 28, 2012 at 8:37 pm | Reply ShannonAs freshman in college I've made many friends over the years who were from Europe who were studying in America for a year. Their observations on youth in America were eye opening. Most of them found American youth and Americans in general to be surprisingly miserable and angsty. They were often surprised at not only the level of bullying but how little school officials seemed to do about it. School in America, they often said, is different in that school tends to be more about social pressures; it always comes as a surprise to European exchange students that it is the kids who perform the best academically in school who get picked on the most.I believe a major issue at hand is that the environment for American youths tends to be much more hostile for many kids. I was in the public schools recently enough ago to know from experience. I remember being harrassed by students for being very studious and not as athletically talented, and the teacher thought it was great. Afterwards one of one the kids in the class from Denmark said people never acted like that in her country. I still remember her saying that for a country known as a light on hilltop, Americans never seem all that happy or nice to each other. The negative, combative, and fake atmosphere of growing up and going to school luckily never made me snap, but not everyone can ignore it all, and that's where the violence comes from.February 28, 2012 at 7:24 pm | Reply MXCMII@Shannon. Well said. One of the best comments here.February 28, 2012 at 7:28 pm | Reply MXCMIIWhat lame excuses this article presents. Face reality we have a problem. We do not know how to raise kids, we are too selfish. If this were happening in another country, we were the first one criticizing and trying to provide advise. We all look very preppy and happy on  the outside, but the cancer is running deep. Time to look at the mirror and re-evaluate, the longer we delay it, the more painful it will be.February 28, 2012 at 7:24 pm | Reply ShannonExactly. Among other things, America is quickly becoming the leader in raising bratty, self-centered children.February 28, 2012 at 7:28 pm | Reply simpleHey FDA instead of going after farmers who sell raw milk, why dont you go after drug companies that say your child needs drugs so he can go kill people....February 28, 2012 at 7:25 pm | Reply HorseCentzIts rather simple.  Don't let children get their hands on your guns.  Be responsible.February 28, 2012 at 7:28 pm | Reply michaelwgI'm seeing the same old tired arguments on here.We are the most religious of western nationsWe spend billions each year on our drug warAnd we want more? That's the definition of insanity. These don't prevent crime, they cause more.T.V, media, videogames is such a foolish argument with no evidence back it up.The most current shootings were using a guns that were obtained legally. So there goes the old "gun control isn't the answer because people will just get them illegally argument" Frankly, you have a prevalent weapon that is easy to use and keep concealed, you have big schools with poor student-teacher ratios and kids are falling through the cracks, i.e not being engaged in anything meaningful way, or it goes unnoticed when they are bullied. The U.S adults set a poor example as well with over 100,000 people were killed on all sides in Iraq alone. We are responsible for killing innocent people all the time and putting it up on the news, and you want to blame videogames?!?!Military-industrial complex, the U.S is the most warlike nation on the face of the eath, no one else comes close. So why is violence surprising when it happens at here at home?OR...the kid just had a chemical imbalance or not enough B-vitamins.February 28, 2012 at 7:28 pm | Reply snookersI do not think that the USA has more violence in schools than other 1st world countries. Just that the USA has the highest number of guns per capita. Other countries have violence in the form of knives which generally does not result in multiple deaths and often does not even make it to the news.  I do want to point out that the USA does not have universal healthcare which includes mental health care like in many other 1st world countries. Mental problems in other countries are quite often flagged by the GP doctor during annual visits.  Something that is not available to many folks in the USA unless they have the bucks/insurance.February 28, 2012 at 7:28 pm | Reply VenceBeing American is synonym of violence!February 28, 2012 at 7:29 pm | Reply HorseCentzLets arm all the children.  Make it mandatory for every child to carry a fully loaded, hair-triggered, large caliber, automatic weapon in each hand.  After a few weeks we won't need to have these discussions any more.February 28, 2012 at 7:31 pm | Reply simpleschools are like prisons. what you expect.where are the gun control nuts???February 28, 2012 at 7:32 pm | Reply Isolation in the suburbsI think this stuff doesn't occur in the inner cities because there is a stronger sense of community in cities just because people are physically closer together and a lot of people walk where they need to go.February 28, 2012 at 7:33 pm | Reply .What planet are you living on?  Did you know the number one cause of death for black men under the age of 21 is murder?February 28, 2012 at 7:39 pm | Reply Ryan CallahanIt's because of the legal status of handguns and the amount that are flooded into the market. Hunting rifles etc are not the problem, it is handguns. They are for nothing but man killing. Fireworks are illegal here in Ohio, but any non felon schmuck who bothers to apply can walk around in a Walmart with a handgun. It is absolutely idiotic...let me walk around with a sword and see how long it takes before cops roar in. Since England enacted gun control after the 1996 school massacre, there have been no school killings, in that time there have been like a hundred here in the States.February 28, 2012 at 7:37 pm | Reply carpeminutambut now the UK has plenty of knife attacks. In 2008 the stats were like more than 350 people are the victim of knife assaults every day.  So there goes the argument of "gun control" solving the issue.February 28, 2012 at 10:49 pm | Reply .Funny, black on black violence is accepted as an everyday occurrence.   And while it's a damned shame, let one white kid go nutso and off a few of his classmates and it's a national problem.   But if CNN focused on black violence, they would have to expose the failure of liberalism.February 28, 2012 at 7:37 pm | Reply KavitaBottom line..a gun is a weapon, such weapons were made with the sole purpose of killing. If kids have No access to guns altogether, there will be no shootings. There is a hole in the system! It is important to expose kids to positive things from a young age , instead of exposing them to negativity. So much can be said about this serious issue..something clearly needs to change.February 28, 2012 at 7:38 pm | Reply snookersGuns are also for protection. The USA, because of it sheer size, has plenty of remote areas. Folks should be able to protect themselves from Manson like creatures.February 28, 2012 at 7:43 pm | Reply Kavitahaha...yes . If a manson like creature stood in front of me, I would runnnnnn. Personally, I dislike guns and the whole idea behind them. If we live and let live, destruction will not occur.February 28, 2012 at 7:48 pm | dwnwthvwlsIf you need a gun to protect yourself, you need to stop putting yourself in situations that warrant that kind of protection. And your reference is to an isolated incident that happened 50 years ago. People should quit living their lives in constant fear.February 28, 2012 at 7:48 pm | Jamesis this a trick question??? maybe our gun laws? perhaps...maybe...February 28, 2012 at 7:38 pm | Reply dwnwthvwlsI don't see why anyone would need to own a handgun. A hunting rifle, sure. But if you need a handgun for protection you need to seriously rethink your life choices.February 28, 2012 at 7:42 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsFact:  States that have adopted Concealed Carry Laws have seen a reduction in violent crimes across the board.  Gun control laws only remove guns from law abiding citizens.February 28, 2012 at 7:50 pm | Reply Jamesoh please, please provide sources...(nra doesnt count)February 28, 2012 at 8:24 pm | AbbyIgnorance is bliss, huh?  You can be an upstanding citizen, good person, live in a nice suburban neighborhood, and still be the victim of random crime. I have several friends and family members who are cops, they always say the same thing "crime can happen to anyone anywhere".February 29, 2012 at 9:43 am | Reply danoaccess to guns in europe has severly decreased over the last 50 years, but school shootings have risen in europeFebruary 28, 2012 at 7:45 pm | Reply abacus2I am not anti-gun; I own several. However, I am pro gun owner responsibility. Children should not have unsupervised access to guns, period. Parents need to be held responsible if a child brings a gun they found in the home to school.February 28, 2012 at 7:46 pm | Reply Joseph CottonProfits before people breeds contempt for human life.February 28, 2012 at 7:47 pm | Reply WendellTrue, the problem is that guns are too readily available to eveyone....and advocates against gun regulation always argue that they want to have guns so they can defend themselves, what they fail to realize is that the easier the access to guns without background checks, the higher the posibility that they will ACTUALLY need one to defend themselves...in other words... they are creating the problem they fear the most.And don't get me wrong, I think people should be able to have guns if they choose to but I also think that any people with criminal records should lose that right. This is done all the time with driver licenses and peoplewith DWIs, they loose the right to drive, no loopholes there.....but God forbid  if we want to make it harder for criminals to get guns!!!!! Loopholes are ok there.February 28, 2012 at 7:48 pm | Reply snookersCriminals will always find a way to acquire a gun regardless of gun control laws.February 28, 2012 at 7:55 pm | Reply HorseCentzLets round up all the honest, law abiding citizens and take away their rights.  That will surely solve the crime problems.February 28, 2012 at 8:16 pm | Reply fandangoEver since we expelled GOD from our schools and our everyday life, chaos has reigned. We have parents who don't  teach their children responsibility, ethics, morals, integrity or good characteristics. The parents themselves want to be friends, most are drugged out, allow their kids to do drugs, hang out at all times of day and night. In addition, we have all these stupid, violent movies, games and songs for the kids entertainment until they hardly know reality from games.  Lawmakers make the laws so that those who commit crimes are given excuses such as they are "sick" because they did drugs or alcohol while committing crimes, they came from a poor neighborhood with a single parent (we only offer these excuses to our white kids and white criminals) raising them (they forgot all about the thugs from Columbine who lived in a  two-parent, very well-to-do household which allowed them to buy all the guns in the world and the parents were too afraid to say no to them).  Put GOD back in the schools, make teachers dress like adults and act like adults instead of the students friend,  and in all too many cases, the child's molester/lover.  Our morals are in the toilet and until we teach children respect for others as well as themselves, put GOD back in our lives, these horrific incidents will continue. Already excuses are being offered up to justify what this murdering kid did.  Stop the madness and remember the innocent ones he KILLED.February 28, 2012 at 7:49 pm | Reply snookersThat is funny bringing god or some other deity in this equation. A religious brainwashed  fanatic with a gun is even more dangerous than a mentally disturbed individual. .February 28, 2012 at 8:06 pm | Reply HorseCentzThe point was values such as faith, hope, and charity.  Brainwashed fanatics are mentally ill.   People who have good values don't let themselves get brainwashed or fanatical. They also teach their children not to kill.February 28, 2012 at 8:14 pm | snookersYou do not need god to teach your children ethical  and compassionate behavior.February 28, 2012 at 8:17 pm | carpeminutamWho are you to decided if its actually fits a need for a person other than yourself? What if that belief system is the only thing that enables that person to do as good of a job as a parent to teach values and motivates them to do so?  You might not need it, but another might. If you can't admit to even what motivates people to do the right thing differs from person to person... then perhaps you are just as short sighted as you view others to be who utilize religion.February 28, 2012 at 10:56 pm | wanderlust misfitYou're right, sort of. We as a society seem to be lacking in spiritualism, God in whatever manifestation that suits your tailor. Of course, things will never go back to the way they were, we won't have 'God' forced through public schools, and I'm sure 'In God We Trust' will soon be gone as well. We don't need organized religion, it's on its way out and there are too many different minded people here for a single organized religion to unite us all with a single spirituality. But that doesn't mean spirituality itself should be forgone, and most people will agree. What we as a society need is a new spirituality, a new way of thinking... the hippies came close and we have yet to try again. Science has opened entire new realms of possibilities to us and I will specifically point out Quantum Mechanics and the ease with which one can, on his own, use this to rationalize spirituality - it is here that I suggest a new method of thinking and spirituality emerge.February 28, 2012 at 8:12 pm | Reply snookersYou are so right. Society is nowadays all about greed and material possessions. Kids in school can be ridiculed for not having a cell phone, dorky cloths not according to the latest fashions,  a little bit chubby and so on, r all learned behavior from their parents or caretakers.February 28, 2012 at 8:24 pm | HorseCentzWe should make it mandatory for all law abiding citizens to carry a large feather duster with LED lights.  Then we can issue hand grenades to the mentally ill, assault rifles to everyone released from prison, and RPGs to sociopaths.  Of course we'll continue to teach our children there is no God and no right or wrong just individual preference.February 28, 2012 at 7:50 pm | Reply CDMThe only reason US is number# 1 in that department is because of access to GUNS!February 28, 2012 at 7:53 pm | Reply wanderlust misfit  see my comment, two down.February 28, 2012 at 7:59 pm | Reply tomPlenty of kids get bullied everyday and other kids and adults turn a blind eye.  Then those who turned a blind eye cry the loudest about the tragedy then the bullied gets his revenge.  This is the way it works and everybody knows it, though few would admit it.February 28, 2012 at 7:55 pm | Reply wanderlust misfitBecause we coddle our children to the point they can't handle being teased. Our society coddles people to the point they can't survive without government handouts - And that's exactly how the government wants it. The solution to this problem? The government will have it so that nobody outside the armed forces can own a gun. The feds will use this to further government control of our schools, an armed guard at every door, 'school marshals' in the classrooms and government surveillance in each hallway.Big Brother is coming, and George Orwell tried to warn us.February 28, 2012 at 7:57 pm | Reply Mike HOther civilized countries have just as many nuts, but far fewer guns (1 gun + 1 nut = 1 gun nut).February 28, 2012 at 8:00 pm | Reply HorseCentzPeople don't need rights to swim either.  People drown.  Can't drown if you don't swim.  We should take away swimming rights.Driving rights kill.   We should take away driving rights because cars kill more people than swimming or guns.  Heck, one bullet and your lucky to kill one person, but with one car you can get four or five easy.February 28, 2012 at 8:10 pm | Reply SkepticIf we give those youngsters access to cars, they will wreck it too. It's a matter of access.February 28, 2012 at 8:03 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsVermont has no gun control laws and a crime rate lower (per capita) than 48 other states.  Must be the water ?February 28, 2012 at 8:04 pm | Reply HorseCentzNo values taught in school because some judge decided that teaching right and wrong might permit religion to infiltrate our government.So when we expunge God with extreme prejudice from our schools, and don't replace the values and related consequences of negative behavior because political correctness and individual preference rule...why should we be surprised when children kill?February 28, 2012 at 8:06 pm | Reply Paul RoncoHe forgot latchkey kids. Kids who come home to no parents because the corporate system has created a subsistence economy where both parents must work in order to struggle to get by. It never used to be this way. Kids without role models, positive or negative, will almost certainly find negative ones, whether it is other lost kids in the peer group trying to teach other kids, or bona fide bad influences. The outcome is never good. Google "Gabor Mate and the destruction of American childhood" for more information.February 28, 2012 at 8:06 pm | Reply snookersThere could be some truth to that. This latest tragedy had the offender live with grandparents, do not know at what age it started. Apparently his parents had a history of attacking  each other. Not a very good impression to a child in his informative years.February 28, 2012 at 8:14 pm | Reply NukeTimBecause every idiot and his brother wants a gun.And they all have one.And they do not lock said guns up.Crazy....February 28, 2012 at 8:10 pm | Reply Jane DoeIt is a shame to say that since prayer was taken out of school, that shooting sprees in schools has been on the increase.  Shooting sprees were never heard of when I was growing up as a kid, because prayer in school was part of our every day life.  Prayer was taken out of school and that is why our schools in America has seen weapons, drugs, shootings and the like on the increase in schools.  America was founded on the principal of prayer, but they have gotten so arrogant and full of themselves, that they are constantly making wrong decisions concerning God and prayer that has left a gaping hole full of puss and gangrene that will not heal.  I think that America needs to get back to the simple basics that they were first founded on to see major change.  Until that happens school as we once knew it to be will never be the same.February 28, 2012 at 8:12 pm | Reply Old SchoolThe comparison should not be with other countries where shootings are less common, but with our own history when they were less common as well. Guns are harder to obtain legally now than 50 years ago, so I don't think that's the answer. What about school discipline and emphasis on obedience and (gasp) manners? Teachers no longer hold the authority over the kids they once had, and kids know it. Now we are far more concerned about kids' self esteem and sense of self worth; when reality doesn't jibe with an inflated sense of self-worth (me as a "special" individual instead of me as part of a team), dissonance sets in followed by resentment. Maybe not THE answer, but this is certainly a change from a generation or two ago...February 28, 2012 at 8:12 pm | Reply Marcelo CSame reason we haven't met a war we didn't like?February 28, 2012 at 8:17 pm | Reply cleoAmerica?? Wake-up! Look at other, so called 'developed countries', and some not so,  and see if anyone else's kids are shooting at each other in high school? No!!! They are not!!!!  Ok?  Take a lesson. The acessability of guns in the USA is way too high! Regulation needs to be hugely increased and the ideology that owning a gun is' necessary', as though we are still in the 'wild wes't, I don;t think so???? There isn't much wilderness left out there anyway....and in terms of inner city crime?  this is why we pay our taxes  pay the professional forces to do their job? It works in other countries, in my opinion, SOOOOOOO much better than it does here  so what' the beef?February 28, 2012 at 8:18 pm | Reply Mark WestThe gun is not the problem  nor will taking guns away solve this issue and those of you that think that need to look up root cause analysis.If the gun is the reason for the problem, then we need to take pens away from everyone who misspells a word. While we're at it, lets also take cars away from everyone since some people drive drunk and kill people. We should also close all fast food restaurants because those make people fat. Lastly, we should also take away all airplanes since people can fly them into buildings too.To fix these issues we would need to figure out what went wrong with the child that caused him to find a reason to take someones life in the first place. Regardless of whether or not someone has access to a gun, the person with intent to kill still has INTENT to KILL. My cousin is in federal prison for murder because he was robbed for his car and the guns he had in it, beaten, and left in a ditch. When he got better, he sought revenge on the kids that stole his car  guess what, he didn't shoot any of them. Instead he threw a rock through one of the kids windows followed by a gas can with a lit rag in the end. The house burned down. While the police were searching for him as a likely suspect, he managed to find the same kid, along with the others, in a car. He drove into their car t-boning the car, got out, grabbed a gas can which was already in his car ready to go in another house window and instead he lit it and threw it in the car the kids were in. All of them burned alive. My cousin is now in federal prison for this BECAUSE HE HAD INTENT TO KILL. It had nothing to do with a gun  he had a lot of problems. These kids that perform school shootings have reasons for doing what they do. For whatever reason society fails to take the time to understand what failed before something tragic happens. Instead society blames the instrument. There is always a reason for an action. The reason needs to be found and the child needs support long before they act on their feelings that were broken for whatever reason.February 28, 2012 at 8:19 pm | Reply Frank TVideo games that glorify killing, where kids are addicted to it at every free moment and then the parents who quell the kids desire to shoot a real firearm by buying a "harmless" 10 round mag 22 handgun for them ignites the spark. Inbound to the school, live the dream...dumbfounded by the results. "I don't get to re-spawn?"February 28, 2012 at 8:20 pm | Reply DaveThis would be a good question to ask the NRA, people that go to gun shows, anybody that lives in a "compound" in Montana, the far right wingers that would go to any length to keep you from taking away they're guns, 2nd Amendment fanatics, people that own Oozys and AK47's, etc.February 28, 2012 at 8:20 pm | Reply Dagobert IIJust ban guns outright and I'm sure all existing weapons will just vanish and no new ones will ever be manufactured.  The DEA, FBI military and other armed government agencies will certainly set the example by disarming and won't lose any more weapons than they already have I'm sure (have they ever found that nuclear warhead they lost of the cost of Georgia?).  Bans have certainly worked with drugs and we all know there aren't any drugs in our schools.  Why users are burning and injecting what drugs exist as quickly as possible to make them vanish as quickly as possible.  How 'bout we just ban unhappiness while we're at it.February 28, 2012 at 8:25 pm | Reply PRISM 1234American  problem  is  a  deep problem,  and  the wealth of  the whole   country may be spent,  draining it    dry,   but they will find no  solution  to  this plague.  And as long  as they label this  madness   as   a mental illness,  they are  sealing  their fate,  and robing themselves  of  any  answers, because  evil is not   a mental  illness,  but the   issue of HUMAN  HEART  AND SOUL.  But how  can  you expect  those  who  are enticed  by  it's  lust  for  power to deny   it and refuse  it's allure,  when they are  being   told, having continually drilled   into their  minds that   there is  no  God, no highter  power then themselves to answer to ,  that there is  nothing beyond this life,  and  they are  free to do as THEY  please?  Indeed,  we are reaping what  we've sown.  And we  have  sown  rebellion  against  authority of  God and we have  cast out His   laws,   replacing  them  with the ways  of  man, therewith  exalting  Man above  God  who made  him! Consequently, unless   people  of this  country  humble themselves  and turn   to God  whom  they have  cast out,    declaring  their independence from Him,  there  will never  be any solution  to   violence and    human degradation on the hands  of  bloodthirsty psychopaths   who  love to  live  out  their versions  of  "freedom" so  they could  feel  the thrill of being  powerful  and invincible....! True, there are those who are confused  and filled  with  bitter hatred,  wanting to repay   those who   provoked them...  But   if they  had  God  in their lives, anf His  laws  written on their hearts,   by  bieng  taught   that  they are more   then  animals who have no souls,  andthat  they are  valuable in His  sight, having    hope  in  the promisse of   future,   there would   be  a  character  built  in them  strong enough to withstand  the  evil urges   they    otherwise would allow  to overcome them.... And  there  would  be  far less    bullying  and  lawlessness    in  circles of  our young and   impressionable  youth, because  thy  would  have  something highher  to live for  then to  live out  their  urges....SO, the  America's problem is of   SPIRITUAL ORIGIN!   This is the bottom line! So  whose  fault is it?  God's Spirit and  His Word  says    "Blessed is  the nation  whose God is the Lord". And  if  this is so, then,  the only  things  that  can be said  about  one that  does NOT  honerr Him as LORD, that it is  CURSED...... See  what the ungodly were able  to do  while the Church  has  enjoyed  her slumber party?!February 28, 2012 at 8:26 pm | Reply Sagebrush ShortyThere is no discipline in American public schools. The troublemakers are handled with kid gloves while the student who wants to learn is relegated to second place. Many parents want the schools to fees, educate and raise their children but will be the first to call a lawyer if the child is disciplined in any way. If a student,particularly in high school, is a constant troublemaker then expel them right now and let the decent students have a chance.February 28, 2012 at 8:27 pm | Reply dadguyIn a nutshell, we Americans do not like losers.So if you are one, someone will very likely let you know it.Problem is, losers will shoot you!Thus, the proper course is to do the right thing but only after exhausting all other options.February 28, 2012 at 8:27 pm | Reply JoncOk, lets get this right if guns kill people then my key board  misspells words.  idiots with box cutters took over airliners, I saw report not to many  months ago on CNN where a man chased down a woman and cut her head off.....guess we should outlaw edged tools. I saw a posting about explosives on here, lets outlaw propane bottles too, did we forget about Oklahoma City? Did we forget about Beslan School #1? Some of you need to pull your head out of the sand. In 1934 Hitler preached and accompilished gun control in Germany, look how that worked out!  They have gun control in Mexico how is that working out for them?  Place blame on where it should be, Paraents who are not in touch with there kids, kids who have too much time on there hands.  It takes a village to raise a child, not chat rooms, social web sites or video chatting. The knee jerk reaction to these types of shootings is "BAN GUNS" this would never happen  is ridiculous. If not guns then bombs,if not bombs then a knife, if not a knife then a stick, if not a stick then a stone. Where does it end?February 28, 2012 at 8:28 pm | Reply Jock DoubledayAll U.S. school shootings have been linked to SSRIs and other legal pharmaceutical drugs."THE SHOOTING DRUGS - PROZAC and its Generation EXPOSED"http://www.truebooks.com/prozac.htmlFebruary 28, 2012 at 8:32 pm | Reply tbonePeople went out of their way to ensure that God was removed completely from the schools and Satan didnt hesitate to move in.You reap what you sow.Now go home and dont disciple your child when they need it, thats child abuse.February 28, 2012 at 8:34 pm | Reply Claude SlagenhopSeriously?   How about looking at a school system that universally fails the American Public, that turns out students that barely read/write.  A school system run by union hacks who care nothing for the kids, and all about their bottom line, lifetime pensions and over bloated salaries.  How about encouraging every student to go to college, thereby dumbing down the college population, running up 100+ thousand student loans to get a job that pays $12/hr.  Blame the teacher unions, the democrats and the leftist journalists.February 28, 2012 at 8:34 pm | Reply JamesThe USA is the #1 murder capital of planet Earth. We have the most shootings of any nation, much less just school shootings. We average more than 30,000 gun deaths a year in this country. I can't even find the statistics on people who are seriously wounded and disabled from gun violence. It has to be a truly hideous number for society to hide those statistics.It's also telling that almost all school shootings are done by white kids. What's up with white people? Why are they so filled with the urge to commit mass murder? I think one solution would be to keep guns away from white folk.February 28, 2012 at 8:34 pm | Reply AndrewI've lived in five different countries. Those countries all had angry teenagers, it's the nature of the beast, but other than the US they don't have ready access to guns, so you get stabbings and fist fights. It's really hard to stab 5 people let alone stab them to death.And yes I've lived in Switzerland and yes until recently all able-bodied men had a semi-automatic in the home for defense of the nation, but the Swiss smartened up and realised it was really dumb idea, so that was phased out.As for a gun to prevent home invasion, what a lot of garbage, there's far better home defense methods than a handgun.Take away the guns, you'll get more stabbings, baseball beatings and what not, but there will be a lots less dead kids.ps. the US is the most religious place I've ever lived. I don't seem that religion makes teens less angry.February 28, 2012 at 8:36 pm | Reply JamesTrue words. The USA is a sick place packed with guns, religion, hatred, and lots of ignorance.February 28, 2012 at 8:56 pm | Reply JeffWe are #1 in this due to society. We have video games glorifying shooting people, we have music that is pro gang, we have parents that don't know how to raise a child properly. People shoot people, not guns so drop the NRA bashing. Why was this kid living with the grand parents and not the parents whom are responsible for him? A lot of people failed the shooter. Something led up to this. I wish he got help before hand. Now he will pay the cost of what he did. God bless those that died or were wounded and god bless their families. When I was a kid we went to the park, we played all sorts of outdoor games. we rode bicycles, we swam for hours.There was no PlayStation or MTV. We interacted with people all the time and helped each other with issues.February 28, 2012 at 8:37 pm | Reply nameuser247Burn a Koran and Muslims yell DEATH TO AMERICA, critique a video on youtube negatively and Americans threaten to kill you.  Same kind of people.Some girl calls her parents vulgar names on facebook, her Dad shoots her laptop dead. This garners 20 mio + views on youtube. But thats the culture in a nutshell: Americans are vulgar and ugly, violence is their means to "fix" everything they dont likeFebruary 28, 2012 at 8:40 pm | Reply ScottSeriously, do people really believe that making guns harder to own would solve anything? Even if by some miracle you could find a way to get all the guns, which is impossible, there are far uglier methods of creating mass injuries. Perhaps we could go back to the dark ages when poison was all the rage...How many poisions do you have around the house?Car kill more teens in a week than guns do in a year, why are cars even allowed on the road?I'm not advocating guns either way, but if you want to address the issue, start with the issues, not the symptoms/results.February 28, 2012 at 8:43 pm | Reply AndrewYes. And the problem is that a certain set of the population, in any country, any society, have unresolved issues which potentially lead to violence. I'm fairly sure that's been the case since we fell out the trees. So you can do two things, resolve the issues or take away the mechanisms that allow the violence to be expressed as murder. We shoud do both. The first is really, really hard as it's a problem of genetics, environment and society, the second is also hard but it's about guns and bullets, which is conceivably easy to fix.February 28, 2012 at 8:56 pm | Reply ScottWell, with that thinking you might as well just lock everyone up in a cell, that way they won't get their hands on anything that might harm someone.February 28, 2012 at 11:49 pm | Honest CitizenNews sources like CNN put these stories in the headlines day after day and these sick creatures see it as a way to get recognition and sympathy from the nation.  AND THEY DO GET IT.February 28, 2012 at 8:44 pm | Reply Fr33th1nk3rWhy we are #1 in school shootings?The urban gansta mentality is prevelant in all of our mass media, entertainment, and music.  Seriously, when was the last time you heard of someone going to school and shooting a bunch fo random people after listening to Bob Dylan or the Doors?February 28, 2012 at 8:44 pm | Reply WoundedAnimalGuns don't kill people.  People with guns kill people.  Kep guns and people apart and no one will get shot.  Pretty frickin' simpleFebruary 28, 2012 at 8:46 pm | Reply AbbyThe overwhelming majority of people with guns DO NOT kill people. In fact, legal gun owners and especially CCW permit holders tend to be the most law-abiding citizens, statistically far less likely to commit any crime even a misdemeanor.February 29, 2012 at 9:36 am | Reply JakeIt's because Nobody gives a sh!t about their kids.February 28, 2012 at 8:47 pm | Reply Jakeits not movies... its not video games... these kids feel like they are alone and have nothing to lose.... society, parents are to blame... society keeps parents busy away from their kidsFebruary 28, 2012 at 8:51 pm | Reply Rick'cause we're number one in a lot of things, fool!!! what what! Just joking. It's a slippery slope. Once you start justifying homicide, everyone uses their own definition to do it. We learn to accept killing in the form of death penalty, preemptive wars, assassinating terrorists without taking them to trial, late term abortions, lynchings, etc, and finally killing becomes a way to solve all of our problems. People even say we should let a guy without money or insurance die (remember the Republican debate), others want to shoot illegals crossing the border, or poor homeless people. Life s not valued much anymore in this country.February 28, 2012 at 8:52 pm | Reply snookersI agree. Religion and its teaching of hate and intolerance has taken over this country. What is really ironic is that many folks left the old world  to get freedom of religion and a secular government. Now many folks  in the new world want to be shove their religion down your throat and some politicians want to thump the bible in government matters.. And death penalty, which civilized country still has that anyway.?. Only the USA and a couple of third world countries, mostly Islamic. . No wonder kids have no respect for life anymore. Especially since decent healthcare is only available to the more affluent.February 28, 2012 at 9:27 pm | Reply jessesure people who use the guns are the killers but this slogan is really only for dumb people (i.e. republicans). less guns equal less gun related death and jury. pure and simple. it's not even debatable. if we made all guns illegal, sure criminals would be able to get them somehow at times but in general but that's not that important. seriously, i'd love to see the stats to back up the dummy's big argument that without law abiding people's access to guns to protect themselves we'd all be at the criminals mercy. how many people (non police) actually succeed in defending themselves by using a gun when being threatened with a gun? it's probably laughably low because most victims in robberies wouldn't even have one on them even if they owned one when the crime actually occurs. nra people only like guns because they really aren't tough people and need their "safety blanket" or like to make believe like they are cowboys. just goes with the true notion, republicans are just plain old not smart and have brains of 10 year olds. i wish we could kick them all out of the country. it's too bad this kid didn't target an nra convention. they could have some real shooting first hand.  February 28, 2012 at 8:53 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsRead "More Guns  Less Crime" by John Lott.  Seriously, most of his research has not been disputed.February 28, 2012 at 9:02 pm | Reply PACI'm not proposing this as a solution, but in the past someone would have thought twice before doing such a murderous act because of what their neighbors would do to them. I imagine that this was a deterrent through most of human history. We don't have the lynch mobs of the past. There will always be people like this murderer who have no empathy. We need to find another way to deter.February 28, 2012 at 8:53 pm | Reply Wisdom4u2Dear God,Why didn't you save the children killed in Americas public schools?Sincerely,Concerned Student    AND THE REPLY     Dear Concerned Student,I am not allowed in Americas public schools.Sincerely,GodFebruary 28, 2012 at 8:55 pm | Reply AndrewDear Concerned Student,you got free will and 10 commandments. The rest is up to you.loveGodFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:08 pm | Reply Jakei have to agree with you there... the school wont stop you from praying they just arent going to hold a prayer session for youFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:11 pm | Wisdom4u2What's a '10 commandments'?  I've never seen it.Concerned Student,February 28, 2012 at 9:13 pm | AndrewMaybe you should go to the church/mosque/synagogue/temple occasionally.February 28, 2012 at 9:20 pm | Wisdom4u2why not school?  Is there something 'wrong' with the 10 commandments?February 28, 2012 at 9:24 pm | AndrewWhy duplicate what the churches can do better?February 28, 2012 at 9:46 pm | Wisdom4u2Why would the 'church' do better?  Isn't 'school' a place for learning? Isn't 'it' a part of history?February 28, 2012 at 9:50 pm | Seamus McDermottYou want guns, you got guns.Get used to it.February 28, 2012 at 10:14 pm | Reply DrewThe guns are not the issue. It's funny school shootings in Texas have hardly ever happened and there one of the most laxed states on the issue but yet you have california who is one of the strickest on the issue and they happen all the time it's the society in which we live in.February 28, 2012 at 8:55 pm | Reply AndrewAre you seriously contrasting which states have the best school murder rates?February 28, 2012 at 8:59 pm | Reply WillyWalnutsMore like which state has the worst murder rate, and why.February 28, 2012 at 9:05 pm | JimKThis trend started with the ban of prayer in public school.February 28, 2012 at 8:56 pm | Reply snookersWhat are you smoking? .February 28, 2012 at 9:32 pm | Reply amyI read and article which said the perpetraitor targeted a boy who was dating his former girlfriend. Why are they trying to ignore this fact.  It was a quote by one of the boys sitting with the other victims. ???February 28, 2012 at 8:57 pm | Reply amyAnyone who does not keep their guns under lock and key when any youth could possible gain access to it, even a relative, should face charges if the said gun is used by a teen to gun down other teens.February 28, 2012 at 8:58 pm | Reply CrowSchool shootings while horrendous are NOT a problem by any sense of the word. The number of students wiped out by guns is statistically insignificant when compared to the number of total school children. It appears more widespread than it is because the media shoves these isolated incidents down our throats 24/7 making the incident appear more widespread and more important than they actually are.The real problem is that not enough people exercise their God given right to bear arms.  An armed population is the best preventative against crime.February 28, 2012 at 8:58 pm | Reply AndrewI'm sorry which Commandment was that. I only abide by the first ten. I must have a different version of the Bible. Mine says "though shalt not kill", and I don't see any disclaimers.February 28, 2012 at 9:03 pm | Reply Andrewthough=thouFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:04 pm | Jakehow many do you really abide by?... its easy to follow thou shall not killFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:07 pm | Jakethe being jealous if my neighbors slaves... thats a toughyFebruary 28, 2012 at 9:09 pm | WillyWalnutsTell that to the next killer you run into.  Law abiding gun owners are not the problem.  You have the right to NOT own a gun.February 28, 2012 at 9:10 pm | AndrewHonestly, I not good with the working on the Sabbath and I'm bad with the swearing, but my neighbour's ass is safe, I haven't killed anyone so I'm saying 8 out of 10 and working on the other 2.February 28, 2012 at 9:13 pm | AndrewMay your God go with you.February 28, 2012 at 9:15 pm | Jakeshove your god and devil sh!t up your a$$...quit passing the blame off on the devil.. that is for the weak... and quit hoping a deity will come and save your a$$ and try to solve your problemsFebruary 28, 2012 at 8:59 pm | Reply MargeThe US has a gun culture and kids stuff like that is drummed in to kids almost from birth. And they have easy access as most parents homes are loaded with all kinds of guns. Something that is not usually done in European and Asia countries.February 28, 2012 at 9:03 pm | Reply ArturoAs a kid, I was horribly bullied in 7/8 grade.  I had access to my father's guns, and knew well how to operate them.  I never even dreamed of using a gun...February 28, 2012 at 9:09 pm | Reply NotaposterHeadline: We are Sensationalistic Bas**ds!We got loads of guns out and every school shooting is covered by the media, only about three happen per year. Is that enough to ban the ownership from millions of good people?How about cars? people die so much from them that they go unreported. Ban them too?Knee-jerk reactions by the ignorant and fear-mongered populace is the reason why countries go downhill. First give guns, then just keep on giving to the gov't till you can be arrested for terrorism for speaking out.Control is needed, situations like these happen when the owner of the weapon broke proper procedures on keeping his weapons safe.February 28, 2012 at 9:12 pm | Reply DAOGun control, gun control, gun control!!!  How was a teenager able to acquire a weapon used only for killing people?  Yes, guns are tools and not the underlying problem, but the simple fact is that without guns, these kinds of massacres would not be possible.  Research has consistently shown that if you have a gun in your house, it is more likely to be used against a member of the household than against an intruder.  Only when we have sensible gun control laws in this country will these massacres come to an end.February 28, 2012 at 9:14 pm | Reply DanWe're number 1!February 28, 2012 at 9:15 pm | Reply George CarlinBecause Americans think everyone has the right to own a gun. Therefore you've increased the chances that someone who should never ever posses a gun of having a firearm.I am neither pro nor anti firearms. People kill people, guns do not. That's not an endorsement for you republican crusaders; Our loose laws allow people to use guns with ease, many of which should never be within a mile of a firearm.February 28, 2012 at 9:16 pm | Reply johnEveryone has the right to own a gun. No one has the right to shoot another. But then, some have defective brains.February 28, 2012 at 10:22 pm | Reply spammyat least our schools are still number one at something...February 28, 2012 at 9:16 pm | Reply toadearshahahaha  good one.  Yes because the US is 11th or 12th in education world wide now.  34th in healthcare!!!February 28, 2012 at 11:38 pm | Reply MikeDr. Frank Ochberg,Excellent article. However, many of the comments are very disturbing.  Do we no longer teach comprehension in school?February 28, 2012 at 9:19 pm | Reply AlexParents, keep your guns secured.  I own guns, but I keep them locked down.   Think that makes the guns inaccessible in an emergency?  This is 2012, we have had thumbprint padlocks for awhile now folks.February 28, 2012 at 9:22 pm | Reply annieMost kids today are being put on anti psychotic drugs before their brains have finished developing, we are a nation obsessed with violence and drugs, that's our culture. It's a shame that kids have to worry about this happening at their schools. If I were a parent, there's no way my kid would be going to public school, yikes!February 28, 2012 at 9:22 pm | Reply snookersYep, had same problem with my kids. Schools would love to put them all on Ritalin. Over my dead body.February 28, 2012 at 9:41 pm | Reply ToshiAnnie,The prevalence of violence against children in public schools is still far less than the violence against children in the home.February 28, 2012 at 9:42 pm | Reply unowhoitsmeGuns are not the problem.  We've had guns for years, but they never made their way into schools.  Let's look at the bigger picture...quality of education no longer exists (only 75% of high school students graduate), broken families with little support and good role models for young people, college is cost prohibitive, no morals nor integrity...we now live in a country with a third world country mentality. More and more prisons are the new future.  America REFUSES to invest in our children as a PREVENTATIVE measure, so we'll continue to bury the dead and build prisons.February 28, 2012 at 9:23 pm | Reply SaraYou can go on and on about gun control and all of the other issues discussed in the above article. Yes, these are factors, but only effects of the real cause. The problem is more basically at the level of being and love. This TJ Lane, for example, came from a background of divorced parents. When one's parents are divorced, the question of who you are really comes into play...the two people who brought you into being don't love each other anymore...it is like you are split in two...what do you make of your own existence? And is your existence GOOD considering your origins are broken and hate each other? Add abuse into the mix...a constant negation of love and the goodness of life and existence. We wonder where our psychological problems stem from....yes I do believe chemistry in the brain is part of it but let us not forget that love is the key to our existence, and when we can't make sense of our life. It is out of this fundamental need of the human person that acts like this occur. Though gun laws and all of the above are important, let us not forget that if we truly want to get to the bottom of this we must begin with the fundamental need of the human person, namely, to love and to be loved.February 28, 2012 at 9:30 pm | Reply Wisdom4u2Well if this was taught in all schools......we'd eliminate half our problems:Exodus 20The Ten Commandments1 And God spoke all these words:2 I am the LORD your God, who brought you out of Egypt, out of the land of slavery.3 You shall have no other gods before me.4 You shall not make for yourself an image in the form of anything in heaven above or on the earth beneath or in the waters below. 5 You shall not bow down to them or worship them; for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God, punishing the children for the sin of the parents to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me, 6 but showing love to a thousand generations of those who love me and keep my commandments.7 You shall not misuse the name of the LORD your God, for the LORD will not hold anyone guiltless who misuses his name.8 Remember the Sabbath day by keeping it holy. 9 Six days you shall labor and do all your work, 10 but the seventh day is a Sabbath to the LORD your God. On it you shall not do any work, neither you, nor your son or daughter, nor your male or female servant, nor your animals, nor any foreigner residing in your towns. 11 For in six days the LORD made the heavens and the earth, the sea, and all that is in them, but he rested on the seventh day. Therefore the LORD blessed the Sabbath day and made it holy.12 Honor your father and your mother, so that you may live long in the land the LORD your God is giving you.13 You shall not murder.14 You shall not commit adultery.15 You shall not steal.16 You shall not give false testimony against your neighbor.17 You shall not covet your neighbors house. You shall not covet your neighbors wife, or his male or female servant, his ox or donkey, or anything that belongs to your neighbor.February 28, 2012 at 9:30 pm | Reply SaraI like where you're going but I also think that even before just teaching kids a bunch of rules (rules which I absolutely subscribe to and try to practice) I think that there needs to be an encounter with love. These kids need to know they are loved....that loving and being loved is the very key to existence. In that context, the Commandments take on their full light.February 28, 2012 at 9:50 pm | Reply Wisdom4u2I hear ya; however, the 10 commandments displays Love to the fullest.you cant give what you dont have.  To love a person you must first respect God, yourself, and then that person.but its a learned behavior.as you can see in the 10 commandments.February 28, 2012 at 9:58 pm | DaveWThank you!February 28, 2012 at 9:54 pm | Reply SaraMan cannot live without love. He remains a being that is incomprehensible to himself, his life is senseless, if love is not revealed to him, if he does not encounter love, if he does not experience it and make it his own, if he does not participate intimately in it.-John Paul II. This about sums it up. This is the level from which we must consider these horrific events.February 28, 2012 at 9:31 pm | Reply BryanBecause American parents are pathetic.  Either they have 6 kids from 5 partners or they want to play buddy instead of parenting.February 28, 2012 at 9:32 pm | Reply Wisdom4u2I'm guessing you're mad at one of your babies' momma.February 28, 2012 at 9:34 pm | Reply Andrew@Wisdom4u2, don't rise to his nonsense.February 28, 2012 at 9:52 pm | AndrewOh that's added something constructive to the debate. Thanks.February 28, 2012 at 9:50 pm | Reply Alex"Why is the US #1 in school shootings?" - what a question, which such an obvious answer... insufficient parenting.February 28, 2012 at 9:33 pm | Reply RobertoWhy does America lead the world in school shootings?OK. Let me think this out here...could it be that we have State's rights on handgun possession and acquisition? Uhhh, could it be that there's no regulation, law enforcement on who gets a weapon, regardless of age, mental capacity, idiocy, insanity, lawlessness, etc., etc.? When I went through high school back in the late 60's and early 70's I didn't run across anyone that brought a weapon to school. Hell, we had a smoking dock where we young, dumb smokers could go smoke our cigarettes. But you sure as hell didn't see anyone out there with a .45 or a .38 or a 9mm. And I probably went to school with a number of students that didn't have the best family situations. Now-a-days, sheesh, sorry, I would NOT want to be a student in middle or high school. If I were, I would request that I could wear a bullet-proof vest for the duration of classes.February 28, 2012 at 9:35 pm | Reply KarimThe US is number 1 in many things.February 28, 2012 at 9:36 pm | Reply ObjectiveOpinionLet's see, why are we number 1?  Probably because everyone in the country has a gun.February 28, 2012 at 9:37 pm | Reply tmoneyI know there's other reasons, but the lack of care for mental illness is enormous in this country.  Throw in that you are 'weird' if you are shy, when people are born shier than others.February 28, 2012 at 9:38 pm | Reply Wisdom4u2Yup...that's true.February 28, 2012 at 9:40 pm | Reply MikeMy step-dad always had a loaded pistol in a dresser drawer.  I found it snooping around when my step-dad and mother were at work.  I used to get bullied a lot in school and I never, ever thought about taking that gun to school and shooting someone.  We have become desensitized to violence.  I grew up in a generation without HBO, X Box and the violent movies and games.  Wow, way cool, you get to shoot people in the head and watch their head explode.  You just didn't see stuff like that when I was growing up.  You can attribute the rise in violence to the moral decay of our society. Our elected officials have decided that it's a violation of our rights to not to show violence on TV and in the movies, it must be allowed.  But that's where parenting comes in comes into play.  As a parent, you don't have to let your kids watch and play all of the crap that's out there.  Guns have always been around and will continue to be around.  Taking guns away is not the answer and that will never happen anyway.  Parents need to be more involved with their kids and take the responsibility to keep their guns out of the hands of their troubled child.  But if you never interact with your children, you will never know if they are troubled or not.  When are people going to stop blaming guns for the violence?  Geez, a kid could make a pipe bomb and blow up a whole classroom if they wanted to.  Get involved with your children and you will never see your children do something crazy like this.February 28, 2012 at 9:44 pm | Reply snookersKids do not always look upon death as final. They is why they make excellent soldiers, they have no fear of death. Their brain is not fully developed till about 25.February 28, 2012 at 9:52 pm | Reply VortexSpoiled youth.February 28, 2012 at 9:48 pm | Reply MitchWhen something like this happens is NOT the time to discuss gun control. Let the families mourn and we pray for them, then we discuss gun control.February 28, 2012 at 9:51 pm | Reply DaveWEver since the court kicked God out of public schools the morals and values in America have gone down hill big time.February 28, 2012 at 9:51 pm | Reply mistamistaWhy do we rank first in school shootings? Here's a list that should clarify this for you.A.) Poor parenting. Parent DO NOT know how to engage in conversation with their kids without feeling overbearing and/or intrusive. That said, it's the parents' job to know the child. If they do not, no one else ever will.B.) Poor gun education. We're so busy screaming "2nd Amendment" that no one even notices that people are shooting everyone with disposable weapons and cheap ammunition.C.) A society purportedly built on political correctness and tolerance. The irony is that we have NO tolerance, therefore it should be no shock when our kids do not.D.) Glamorizing the crime with infinite coverage of every pointless piece of info. If kids were not force-fed the name of the killers every time this happened, the kids would have less of a misconception of how this SHOULD not make them famous, posthumously or otherwise.E.) Access to firearms that are typically claimed to be for self-defense. Uneducated children do not understand that having the gun is a deterrent and not a tool.F.) Disposable youth. Our culture changes from one intent on respecting our elders to respecting our kids. It's ludicrous for every kid on the field of play in a soccer game get a trophy. This creates kids who are unable to deal with failure conceptually. Once that is instilled in them, they are far, far, far more likely to take "revenge" on those kids that they see as the driving force behind their pain and delusion. Somewhere in the 1980's, the US decided that kids would become the driving force to the economy. THAT was the breaking point.This is NOT a question that requires more thought. It requires an END. If we can't get this under wraps, the number of  people in places of perceived stature will continue to bear the brunt of people who cannot deal with real life. This leads to cops being killed, people abusing animals and so on.Sit your kids down and ask them about their day. REALLY talk to them. Explain to them that they ARE special and valuable. GET TO KNOW YOUR KIDS! Problem solved!February 28, 2012 at 9:57 pm | Reply TianaVery true!February 28, 2012 at 10:05 pm | Reply JMWell said.February 28, 2012 at 10:14 pm | Reply xpxpxpWhy? NRA. Idiots. Did they triumphantly claim this school shooting too?February 28, 2012 at 9:59 pm | Reply SteveIt is not the fault of having guns around. What makes a kid decide to pick up that gun? I guarantee you this kid was on some sort of psych med.   It's the ridiculously stupid meds they are giving kids these days. Stop drugging kids with that garbage!February 28, 2012 at 10:00 pm | Reply VortexSchool shootings Champion...my money is on DC...any takers?February 28, 2012 at 10:01 pm | Reply TianaBullying nor guns is the problem.  This generation of children are too sensitive!  They can't handle rejection or disappointment.  Kids need a little tough love!  So what if a person talks about you, so what if they laugh at you! Shake it off and move on.  Guess what? People will talk about you negatively for the rest of your life.  They even talked about Jesus.  Get some tough skin, and remember words are just words.  Strong people don't crumble from rejection or when their feelings are hurt. Stop allowing these bullies or punks steal your joy, inspirations and goals. Parents stop babying your children, teach them how to deal with negative comments and people.  Show them that they are bigger than that bully and will  probably grow up to be their boss one day.  Talk to your kids, find out what's going at school and in the neighborhood.  Know their friends parents.  If they have no friends, tell them that's ok.  You be their friend and parent.  Get them involved in something that interests them.  Pull them away from the video games and facebook and teach them some good old-fashioned social skills.February 28, 2012 at 10:04 pm | Reply toadearsOne major flaw in this report.  Our violent role models used to be the bad guys.  Somebody like Superman or the Cartwrights on the Ponderosa or a sheriff in a gun slinging town would make it all right by killing or arresting the violent bad guy and shake their head sorrowfully about having to kill them.  A necessary evil.  Seen the video games????  THERE is your answer.  The media glamorizes and holds up the bad guys as heroes now.  From Mafia, to Dillinger, to Mortal Kombat, violence has been glamorized and bad guys are kings.February 28, 2012 at 10:09 pm | Reply RonStupid question.  The reason:  we need a gun to protect ourselves from criminals.  If everyone had a gun then our murder rate would double.  Who do you know from Cleveland who goes huntin'?February 28, 2012 at 10:12 pm | Reply TopJimmyA couple of points to chew on...1. We are no.1 per capita in firearms (by 50%)2. We are 13th in per capita firearm deaths (theres a big drop after no.8)3. We are 17th in per capita homicides (again a big drop after 8)4. 20 years ago when I was in school we didnt have these problems... was there a run on guns at wal-mart since then?February 28, 2012 at 10:16 pm | Reply johnThe answer:  U.S. citizens own 270 million of the world's 875 million known firearms. The United States has 90 guns for every 100 citizens, making it the most heavily armed society in the world. On a per-capita basis, Yemen had the second most heavily armed citizenry behind the United States, with 61 guns per 100 people, followed by Finland with 56, Switzerland with 46, Iraq with 39 and Serbia with 38. (Reuters, 2007)February 28, 2012 at 10:19 pm | Reply fatherWe Americans are very greedy and do not hesitate to walk any lengths or means to make money. Unfortunately it is not our culture that drives the business but its quite opposite. Kill all the violent games and promote a medium where kids today are not taught/exposed about how to always think of killing (games)... but how to promote peace. Sit back and think, a 2-5 yrs old boy today all he knows is crash the cars or make two action figures fight (display of violence) where as majority of the kids the same age in other countries are far more involved with paper , color or out in the nature to entertain themselves. Enough said!February 28, 2012 at 10:19 pm | Reply StephenRhetorical question? American society is run by the zionists. They have put the welfare state in place to destroy itself and what a job they have done. Get rid of the zionists with guns.February 28, 2012 at 10:25 pm | Reply Anonymous 2Question to the author: what is that terrible massacre that occurred in Russia, can you please remind it to a Russian who went to school there? The only one I recall is when Chechen terrorists took schoolchildren hostages. Guns are prohibited there and nothing like this ever happens at schools or universities, it is a purely US phenomenon.February 28, 2012 at 10:27 pm | Reply RonGuns kill easily.  You don't have to stand up close to the victim.  You don't have to get a bloody mess all over you.   You can get away quickly.  It's not complicated.   You just point and pull.   And a life is gone forever in a second.February 28, 2012 at 10:29 pm | Reply JoeYou're right!  We should stop people from having guns!  Or any distance weapon.  Bow and Arrow, Javelins (sorry Track and Field Scholarships), rubber bands, the multi-bladed thing from Krull... rocks... what else can we ban?February 28, 2012 at 11:01 pm | Reply Wilson BairdWell, what about God? We kicked God out of schools and now we are perplexed..... funny!!!!!February 28, 2012 at 10:33 pm | Reply Wisdom4u2I know...I already said that:Dear God,Why didn't you save the children killed in Americas public schools?Sincerely,Concerned Student AND THE REPLY Dear Concerned Student,I am not allowed in Americas public schools.Sincerely,GodFebruary 28, 2012 at 10:50 pm | Reply ConcernedMomMore and more parents have to work  long hours, giving them very little time to spend with their kids. Around 3 PM, teenagers return to an empty home from school and do not have the  parents around to vent out their feelings, or share their experiences. This maybe the reason why some teenages get frustrated and pick up the gun!February 28, 2012 at 10:51 pm | Reply JoeOR, more and more parents are expecting the government to watch their kids for them.  Violent Video Games and Movies are to blame!  Ban them, make it impossible for them to be available!  It's the hateful music!  That's the problem!  Make it so kids can't listen to music their parents don't like, (who listened to music their parent's didn't like).Personal responsibility, when did those two words get separated?February 28, 2012 at 10:58 pm | Reply JoeIf it wasn't guns, it'd be home made bombs, poison gas, hell, even Anthrax isn't that hard to make if you know what you're doing.  Fact is, humans are violent creatures, just like every other animal.  We will always find excuses to kill each other.  I, however, would rather suffer the occasional tragedy to avoid government killing millions because we no longer have the ability to fight back (See Nazi Germany, USSR etc).February 28, 2012 at 10:52 pm | Reply TomThe kids probably read the bleeding-heart, anti-gun comments on CNN and feel the need to eliminate the pinkos and future Marxists they have the misfortune of attending school with. That's why.February 28, 2012 at 10:54 pm | Reply hedgehow are these timeouts working out instead of real discipline for children?February 28, 2012 at 10:57 pm | Reply Jim RouschSince Americans refuse to demonstrate responsible behavior with firearms, it's time to repeal the Second Amendment.  Americans have proven that they are the greatest threat amongst themselves.  Who needs an intruder?  They're more likely to kill each other than anyone else.February 28, 2012 at 11:00 pm | Reply Earnan MAnd until you repeal the Second Amendment, you have to abide by its protection of the American citizens' right to keep and bear arms.You don't like it?  We don't care.  We've put up with decades of stupid bans and restrictions and incremental crap that never once reduced criminal behavior with guns, and merely harassed decent people.  No more.  The Supreme Court made its ruling, it's time you stopped whining and accepted it.February 29, 2012 at 11:30 am | Reply PhrankCHILD: "Dear God, please stop all of this violence in our schools!"GOD: "Sorry, but I'm not allowed in your school."February 28, 2012 at 11:02 pm | Reply jus-sayingBecause in America going to school is more of a social situate rather than being focused only on education. Our schools have too many activities in the schools that distract and form cliques when the focus should just be education and if kids want to be involved in sports and other groups /clubs they should be through the cities they live in not the schools. Our schools are more focused on social and some other Countries are focused primary on education, which schools should be.February 28, 2012 at 11:05 pm | Reply JoeOkay, there's like, over 200 million guns in the US, and about 40,000 gun deaths annually.  Most of those are suicide, and many non-domestic deaths are involving guns the criminal illegally acquired.  So, by math, 0.0002% of people are irresponsible with guns.  Compare that to death by automobile and get back to me.February 28, 2012 at 11:06 pm | Reply JoeThis was intended to be a reply to Mr. Rousch.  I apologize for my error in posting.February 28, 2012 at 11:08 pm | Reply SNInteresting stats, please also at the following: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incarceration_in_the_United_StatesExcerpt from the same site is as follows:"In 2008 approximately one in every 31 adults (7.3 million) in the United States was behind bars, or being monitored (probation and parole). In 2008 the breakdown for adults under correctional control was as follows: one out of 18 men, one in 89 women, one in 11 African-Americans (9.2 percent), one in 27 Latinos (3.7 percent), and one in 45 whites (2.2 percent). Crime rates have declined by about 25 percent from 1988-2008"The site goes on to state that "7.9% of sentenced prisoners in federal prisons on September 30, 2009 were in for violent crimes" !While there can be endless debate about the role of a particular cause (such as access to guns) in the overall effect (violent crime at school level) there is no denying the fact there is violent crime at the overall national level and what you see at the school level actually much less but still a representative of what is happening all over the nation!February 29, 2012 at 12:06 am | Reply Earnan MExcept that violence and gun crime isn't commonplace throughout the US.  Over half of the murders in the US are committed by young Black men in a few very violent urban areas.In many parts of the US there is less violent crime and murder than in the Canadian provinces they border.  Compare the crime rates in Vermont, New Hampshire or Maine, where any citizen can either carry a gun without a permit (Vermont) or can get a permit to carry for a small fee (New Hampshire and Maine) with the crime rates in Quebec and New Brunswick: they're virtually the same, the lowest being gun-friendly well-armed New Hampshire.Or compare the praries states and provinces: the murder rates in gun-controlled Manitoba and Saskatchewan are higher than Montana and North Dakota, and Alberta is higher than North Dakota as well.  Yet there are few restrictions on gun ownership in either Montana and North Dakota, guns are extemely common and many people carry guns on a daily basis.February 29, 2012 at 11:25 am | sureshIt really bothers me whenever I see news about shooting at some school. Hope our govt will do something about gun control.February 28, 2012 at 11:08 pm | Reply The Grateful TedHmmmm.... lets seeee. Any schmuck can walk into a gun store and get a gun????? Violence is portrayed in our media constantly?????February 28, 2012 at 11:11 pm | Reply JoeAny schmuck who passes a background check, sure.  And why not?  We let any schmuck over the age of 16 walk into a DMV and get a drivers license.  Just as many people die in auto accidents annually.February 28, 2012 at 11:17 pm | Reply TrishGuns make everyone equal, what am I as a 110 lb woman suppose to do against a 250 lb man?  How should I defend myself?  Guns give me the chance to even the odds.  Other wise any man can break into a womans house and do whatever he wants to her.February 28, 2012 at 11:14 pm | Reply SNWhy do you need to be scared of a 250 lbs man? Are you living in a jungle where there is no law except the law of the mighty?  While billions are being spent and millions are killed by US ostensibly in the name of securing America's citizens/borders the fear psychosis at the citizen level still does not go away! I live in India and it is not that there isn't any crime here but the average family does not feel the need to keep arms except, of course, in some rural areas where the law doesn't work effectively! If that is the situation all over America I think the US army should take over the country and resolve this issue on priority and war on fear/crime internally should be a higher priority that the fake "war on terror" !February 28, 2012 at 11:46 pm | Reply DarnRightIf there's a culture with paranoia, who else but americans.February 29, 2012 at 12:00 am | SSFear of being attacked is deeply ingrained among Americans. The whole issue of gun ownership, war on terror, WMD  etc comes from the fear psychosis. No where else in the world except some lawless countries in Africa/middle-east that people live in fear like Americans.February 29, 2012 at 12:25 am | Reply NewsRaiderIn Texas it is a crime to allow child access to guns.  SImple.February 28, 2012 at 11:16 pm | Reply Dick CheneyWE'RE NUMBER 1! WE'RE NUMBER 1! USA! USA!February 28, 2012 at 11:27 pm | Reply TomWay back over 12 hours ago someone posted words to the effect that "something dark is at work here," and he was either ridiculed or ignored.  Since then there have been 100's of theories and suggested solutions, 90% of which stop without fully "peeling the onion."  That is, asking "why" until the real core of the issue is laid bare.   The article mentions that loners begin to develop violent fantasies.  Where do these fantasies come from?  Why does the person continue to entertain and dwell on them?  Why do they not realize the danger inherent in revisiting and embellishing thoughts like this until they become devastating reality?  Why does a young child tell his first lie?  Was he taught to do so?  If not, where did he learn it?  There's an answer staring us in the face, but voicing it isn't politically correct.  We'd rather continue to believe in the illusion of our own superior intelligence and abilities, and play around with legislating superficial band-aids instead of acknowledging that a supernatural element is involved, and that element is pure evil.  You can't begin to fight an enemy until you first identify him, and mostly we seem to be clueless.  We as a nation have lost our focus.  We keep pointing fingers at inanimate objects and at each other-guns, gun owners, gun banners, Democrats, Republicans, parents, goths, violent games, Hollywood, loners, bullies, friends, doctors, etc-instead of recognizing what a powerful influence unrestrained evil is.  And unfortunately we also persist in abandoning and forgetting about the tools we used to rely on to fight evil, and which at one time used to be common.  It's the way of the world, and unfortunately, "the world" and the one who rules it is winning the battle.February 28, 2012 at 11:27 pm | Reply Dot8Blame the goons at the NRA!February 28, 2012 at 11:28 pm | Reply SNThere are countries like India where getting a guns license is a painful process, you would see very less violence per capita at the school level, not because indian kids do not have conflicts or depression etcc.. but because the law restricts them from having access to violent methods. The amount of money America spends on defence is more than what the total world does, so paranoia is ingrained in the system. Is it for safety of citizens ? nah... it is for promoting a military industrial complex, that's why people have access to guns, they sell ! Lastly, America, as a nation, has pursued policies that can be described very aptly by the word "bullying". The violent way in which it has behaved overseas reflects in a miniature scale at the society/schools.February 28, 2012 at 11:37 pm | Reply Earnan MAnd yet India has a murder rate nearly as high as that of the US.And while the US murder rate has been dropping for years now-despite more Americans owning and legally carrying guns than ever before-in India the murder rate remains at the same high rate, yeara after year.So much for the effectiveness of Indian gun control on reducing crime.February 29, 2012 at 11:00 am | Reply SNThe murder rate in india has declined in the last decade and is still less than 70% of what is there in US (Ref : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate). "More than one in 100 adults in the United States is in jail or prison, an all-time high that costs state governments nearly $50 billion a year and the federal government $5 billion more.[22] With more than 2.3 million people behind bars, the United States leads the world in both the number and percentage of residents it incarcerates," (Ref: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime_in_us).Of course the stats can be interpreted in different ways but the fact is that the shootings are happening in US and one of the very strong causes for this is the access to guns.February 29, 2012 at 10:27 pm | Alex ReyesAmerica is a warrior nation.  We worship our warriors and all of that comes with themfirst and foremost their weaponry.  It's no wonder that a nation that particpates in seemingly endless wars abroad has its own war going on domestically.The horror.February 28, 2012 at 11:43 pm | Reply ramA country that promotes war and guns cannot expect any better from its young. These youngsters admire soldiers going overseas for the heroic kill. The president always announce its foreign tactics with regard to war among the soldiers. Does he announce tactics in marketing of beef in a cow-town, or wheat from a little highly productive town in Kansas? The youngsters admire the warfare spectacle.Have you ever thought:Where and who are the descendants of the bucaneers of New Orleans?Where and who are the descendants of the land-grabbing magnates from the west.Where and who are the descendants of the rum-runners during prohibitionCould they be sitting in powerful banks and political arenas?The kids know their history, seen them in movies and perhaps think that in the long term they will be better off doing what they do. We need to change the direction of the culture in america to see any improvement.February 28, 2012 at 11:52 pm | Reply mac101Come on, folks, this isn't rocket science.America leads the world in school shootings because America leads the world in gun possessions.February 28, 2012 at 11:55 pm | Reply tonyWhen everyone has guns, he who shoots first, or with a rifle from a distance, kills firs and winst. So as a defensive weapon, they are an illusion. As an equalizer, any coward can kill a strong good person if they just conceal their weapon. With Mankind's God given fists, that's not possible. Why do Konservatives want to overcome God's blessing?February 28, 2012 at 11:56 pm | Reply Earnan MIt's refreshing to see a liberal come right out and embrace his inner bully like this."I can physically beat you up, so I have God and righteousness on my side."Tony is a perfect example of the sniveling thugs who think their fists give them the right to tell others what to do.Guns, in the words attributed to Samuel Colt, truly are the "great equalizer."  Tony thinks it's "brave" to beat up those smaller and weaker than Tony.  A gun in the hands of one of his intended victims would ruin Tony's day.  No wonder he hates and fears them.February 29, 2012 at 10:54 am | Reply peterr54"Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one."~Benjamin Franklin"A man is about as big as the things that make him angry."~Winston Churchill"Resentment is anger directed at others... at what they did or did not do."~Peter McWilliams"Anger is a short madness."-HoraceFebruary 29, 2012 at 12:00 am | Reply DarnRightBecause they're a bunch of idiots.February 29, 2012 at 12:02 am | Reply Henry KissengerAllow for teachers, police, faculty, and students(on college campuses who are licensed) to conceal carry. Then any idiot that tries to shoot up a school will be killed. Problem solved.February 29, 2012 at 12:04 am | Reply martinThank god his uncle did not a 9mm. with a 13 shot clip.February 29, 2012 at 12:07 am | Reply nik greenWhy indeed?  Many reasons, and some examples are: *inappropriate school design for education (most schools are designed like prisons) *over-expectation by parents, *too much emphasis on SAT and other education/examination formats which are not designed to educate kids, *over-expectation by peers, *disenfranchisement, *bullying, *unreasonable levels of stress for kids, *lack of a childhood i.e. too much "grown-up" influence before kids are ready, *easy access to weapons and ammunition, *glorification of violence in youth cultures, *too much television, *not enough quality family time, *over-prescription of anti-depressants and other drugs, *boredom,*societal glorification of materialism and consumerism, *unhealthy diets which causing mental imbalances, and most importantly, *LACK OF COMMUNITY, Yes, it DOES take a village... not literally, kid we all humans need community.. its how we have evolved, and American kids are no different.February 29, 2012 at 12:10 am | Reply SSI hear the argument that people own guns to protect themselves from criminals. Then why in the world violent burglary crimes are significantly lower in other western nations as well as developing world where people cannot own guns easily. I am sure criminals in those countries could get/make/steal one somewhere????Also, why the heck violent crime rates are highest in states that enforce capital punishment within US such as Texas.February 29, 2012 at 12:10 am | Reply Earnan MViolent burglaries, where the victims are home and the burglar(s) break in and attack them, are FAR MORE COMMON in Britain than in the US.Violent crime rates, overall, are higher in Britain than in the US.Fewer people get shot in Britain.  A lot more get stabbed, bludgeoned or beaten.  But it's not "gun crime" so the gun-banners don't care.  Those of us who were prefer not to be shot OR stabbed will take our chances with the US and our right to keep and bear arms.February 29, 2012 at 2:45 am | Reply ThanhBoth pro-gun people and anti-gun people are right since they are talking about perfect system/policy. Unfortunately, there is nothing perfect in this world. We should look for a "better" way instead of "perpect" way. Therefore, would it be better for people to own a gun?As pro-gun people say "guns don't kill people, people kill people", I agree with this. However, I consider a gun as a tool. The purpose of a tool is to help things done quicker and easier. "guns don't kill people", but as a tool,guns help "people to kill people" quikcer and easier. Therefore, I think people shoun't allowed to own gun except law enforment.For those who think we need a gun to stop a killer, remember law enforement officer who were killed by a shooter at Virginia Tech last year.For those who argue there were more guns in 60's 70's, remember the population and demographics during that time and now. In addition, U.S now have more people came from different parts of the world with different cultures. Conflicts/discriminations are unavoidable.February 29, 2012 at 12:11 am | Reply Markwho knows the reasons. young people can be very turbulent with their emotions. i can't help but think that guys dressing like hip hop punks and girls like pro s t i t utes is helping them much concentrate on what they are there for, it's just bringing the street garbage with them right inside the schools. i think uniforms would be helpful to bring some uniformity into the school system.February 29, 2012 at 12:12 am | Reply Markbtw...the word "pro s t i t ute" is banned? huh? who is running cnn, the vatican?February 29, 2012 at 12:13 am | Reply StephIt shocked me that this article stated the boys that were involved in the Columbine shooting, Dylan and Eric, were NOT bullied. I am hoping (and praying) that this was a huge typo because I know first hand that those boys were tortured day in and day out at the hands of several other students. No bullying will ever exscuse the act of killing, HOWEVER, to dismiss what those two went through, and to say that they just woke up one day hating the world is not only false, but just straight APPALLING! I read CNN news on a daily basis and it disgusts me that such a well known and well accredited journalist news source would post such a thing. Bullying is REAL! And kids around the U.S. are affected daily by the abuse of bullies. It is our lack of understanding and articles like this that truly keep the world of bullying go round.February 29, 2012 at 12:31 am | Reply Nowie963Bullying is real as you rightly asserted, and your disappointment is understandable in response to the inaccuracies contained in the story about the two murderers at Columbine if indeed there were inaccuracies . However, your silence about the murdered victims speak a lot louder to the rest of us as to where your sympathies lie. This kind of rancid and downright inappropriate reaction to wanton acts of premeditation and murder, does help to effectively  victimize the dead a second time! The easy access to guns, and a general lack of common sense among  many incompetent parents, are factors that are in place to guarantee more of the same for generations to come.February 29, 2012 at 1:48 am | Reply StephNote I said that bullying will never excuse the act of killing. Pay attention to what you read before you write your rantFebruary 29, 2012 at 12:20 pm | malikincredible how we search for every excuse but the obvious.  take away the tool.....guns.  simple.February 29, 2012 at 12:36 am | Reply Marine5484If you take the guns away from everyone then it will go to stabbings. The kid wanted a world where the other students looked at him in fear. Which suggests a deep level of narcissistic behavior and/or mental illness. Don't blame the gun...the kid wasn't even legally allowed to own one.February 29, 2012 at 1:34 am | Reply Earnan MYou want our guns?  Molon Lave, little man.You'll get the bullets first.February 29, 2012 at 2:47 am | Reply David CassoThere reason there are more school shootings in the US is because there are more schools in the US.February 29, 2012 at 1:01 am | Reply Roger Ogilvy ThornhillSimple solution.  Arm all the students.  Set up metal detectors at the entrances.  Any kid who doesn't set off the alarm must accept a handgun in order to enter school or be sent home for the day.February 29, 2012 at 1:02 am | Reply AlanIt's enlightening that the word "parent" is only mentioned TWICE in this entire article, and largely only in passing.  We want to blame everything and everyone except for those who should have primary responsibility for the behavior of their children.  Access to guns is obviously critical for such a crime, but it should be noted that children have been able to perpetrate shootings even in countries with far more strict gun controls than ours (e.g. Germany).  So, while a temporary lapse in proper parental oversight could have allowed this child to gain access to a gun, years of blatant disregard on the part of the parents were required to allow this child's isolation and depression to progress to the point where he or she felt compelled to conduct a school shooting.February 29, 2012 at 1:22 am | Reply JoelI think you've hit on it.  There is very little parental responsibility mentioned, and even less personal responsibility.  We talk about "kids" committing these crimes.  I haven't verified this person's exact age, but he was in high school.  Today that means probably 16 as a 9th grader in the second half of the year.  I'm 37 and I knew long before I entered 9th grade at 13, that killing other people wasn't something that it was right to do just because someone wants to.February 29, 2012 at 3:03 am | Reply Paul FrennbyI am sorry, but I am not buying into these simple solutions:  bullying, prevalence to guns, etc.  Admittedly it was 35 years ago, but when I went to high school I was bullied.  My school also had a small caliber rifle range (.22) in the basement and a marksmanship team.  I carried my match rifle to and from school.  So did other teens.  No school shootings.  Hmmm.Could it be some other factor?  Perhaps that our society today has determined that life is cheap; or that it must replicate a rap song's lyrics?   I don't know the answers; only that the ones propounded here are too simple.Though terribly bullied; though fully equipped with the means and the skills; I never even harbored the thought of shooting any of my antagonists.Elimination of weapons is not the answer - they can be readily improvised.  From those that kill a single person  A pencil to the ear or eye; a guitar string, with a pencil tied to each end, used as a garote; to those that could kill a whole classroom or school   a trip to the janitor's closet for some bleach or acid and another cleaner to produce chlorine gas or H2S.  Let's look for the cultural shift that has permitted us to come to this point.February 29, 2012 at 1:30 am | Reply AaronTaking away guns won't get rid of the guns in this country... We're beyond that so get over it.Teaching and enforcing responsible, safe gun ownership.  The people who owned the weapons used in these crimes should be held just as responsible as the kids who used them.  There is no excuse for not locking up your weapons.A positive, interesting learning environment in our schools.  I hated school (high school specifically).  The teachers were miserable because they were underpaid.  The students were miserable because the classes were dull and boring because the teachers were miserable.  The security was constantly on high alert because the kids were constantly trying to get away with whatever because it was so boring.  It felt like prison.February 29, 2012 at 1:31 am | Reply SteadfastThe sheer ignorance displayed in some of these posts says it all right there.  Some of you are adults without the capacity to even partake in simple civil debate or back up self-proclaimed "facts" with any factual evidence.  Adults who scream and yell, point fingers and call each other stupid, instead of making the attempt to see another's point of view.  You can see the sheer violence within the arguments being thrown back and forth here just on this post, you can see how some of you cannot even enter a debate without getting fired up and aggressively attacking others.  And you're raising children?  You're teaching them proper conflict resolution?  Before you condemn others, take a long, hard look at your own methods of socialize; you're own ability to cooperate with the rest of your fellow countrymen.Or, perhaps, its because we're on the internet, and therefore we can choose to throw manners out the door with the inherent anonymity that comes with "talking" behind computer screens.Almost all of the suggestions  save for a few  have been on extreme opposite ends of the spectrum (further showing just how damn divided this country is; even after everything we should have learned by now).  Either completely outlaw guns, or allow for easier access for "protection"  these are the prevalent solutions within the arguments presented.  That's it?  A few have stated stricter gun laws, one suggested the outlawing of pistols; now we're getting somewhere.  Now we're thinking.  However, on the previous two extremes: completely outlaw fire arms or allow for easier access  you cannot do either because of some of the very opinions that have been stated already.  If you completely ban guns, you will not be preventing criminals from illegally obtaining them.  Look at the drug cartels in Mexico, the use of refurbished military-grade weapons by the militias of countries like Sierra Leone and Somalia, look at the very militants we're fighting in countries like Afghanistan.  None of these weapons have been obtained through America's idea of "legal" gun purchasing.  In addition, our country makes money off of international arms deals.  You will not defeat the corporations that partake in those sales.Hell, look at Great Britain  for you Brits who want to constantly chime in.  Guns are banned from the populace, but that hasn't stopped some of your criminals from obtaining and using them.  Are the gun-less masses being mowed down by said criminals?  Of course not.  But they aren't being mowed down here either.Please understand, our culture has been raised with the gun; its infused within our very veins.  You can't just cut it from the culture like you do a tumor.  It would take decades of re-conditioning our society and that won't be happening overnight; not when profits are at stake for those who care little for the value of life in comparison to the dollar.On the opposite side of the spectrum, making guns even easier to acquire would be disastrous as well.  Is this not a no brainer?  They're the means to the end, as someone earlier stated.  But making them easier to access will only increase the ability to acquire said means; thus creating more tragic endings.For those who argue responsibility?  YOU  YOURSELF  might take responsibility.  Congrats.  Thank you for locking up your weapon.  Thank you for teaching your child to respect the gun.  Now, can you answer for every other gun-owning citizen?  Can you back up  with factual evidence  that every gun owner in this country is a responsible adult?  Stricter gun laws?  Perhaps.  But it'll be an uphill battle.  The seeds of this evil aren't planted in the weapon themselves.  As stated by others, human beings will find ways to kill each other if spurred to action, whether by evil motives or honorable defense.  It matters not.  Killing is part of human nature; it always will be.  We have to address this from a social angle. As was stated before, our noble role models are absent.  Our children are growing up isolated without enough guidance  proper guidance  from their elders.  The nuclear family is pretty much abolished, but in some cases this isn't the fault of the parent.  Single parents don't have the luxury of staying at home; they must work even harder to support their children.  This gives children too much time without support or guidance from parents who are invested in teaching them right from wrong, how to find rational solutions to every day problems and how to keep their cool while under stress.  Children need guidance.  They need compassionate, but strict guidance.  Most of all, they need to be infused with respect for themselves and others at an early age. The entertainment industry isn't helping, although I wouldn't blame it for the failures of absent parenting.  That would just be doing what we're always doing: trying to find a scapegoat to blame.  The heroes of our movies are more and more commonly the "anti-hero."  Revenge-fueled, gore-infested, killing sprees are glorified.  We can show someone being capped in the head on TV, but the female breast is still "taboo."  We're a violence-fueled nation and we need to correct this.  We aren't looking at the causes; we're looking at quick-fix band-aids, something our country is very good at doing.  "Reactive; not proactive," to take from someone else's post.As for those of you who don't live in the U.S., but feel the need to condemn us...  You don't even live here.  Who are you to wag your finger and condemn those of us who are law-abiding citizens?  Who are you to call us stupid, ignorant or "wackos."  You condemn an entire nation by the actions of a few?  I've always found it funny that Americans are stereotyped as being very ignorant about international customs; yet I've run into countless citizens of other nations who are just as ignorant, if not more so.  It isn't an "American" trait; its world-wide.For the one guy who said the U.S. has dragged Canada into war through out history:  WWI and WWII, you were called up by the British.  Not us.  You're part of the Commonwealth and therefore you fight for the Commonwealth when needed.  There were also Indians, Australians, South Africans, Kiwis, etc. who fought in those wars because of the same Commonwealth ties.  Don't blame us for the wars you've taken part in ALONGSIDE of us.  This recent debacle in the Middle East?  Your leaders chose to send your boys; not ours.  This whole "let's hate on the U.S." is a tiring and long played out hatefest.  Its old.  We get the point.  Thank you, now go back to worrying about your national concerns.Anybody else comparing European countries to the U.S. aren't making relevant points.  While our culture is semi-similar to that of some European nations; it is also very different.  The sheer size of our nation also sparks a whole new set of problems.  For instance, when was the last time you witnessed a soccer riot on American soil?  Or a drive-by shooting in the U.K.?  Different ideals, different societies: different problems.In closing, we need to take responsibility for the social failures that are enacting these acts of violence.  It isn't the gun, so much as the user.  It isn't the ability to kill, so much as the motive to complete the deed.  It isn't violence itself, but how we disrespect and abuse the ability to commit it in the first place.February 29, 2012 at 1:33 am | Reply MichaelVery well said.February 29, 2012 at 1:45 am | Reply MichaelDoesn't help that we're a nation raised on first person shooter games and television programming that is largely made up of violent programs.  How many CSI and crime dramas do we need to have on TV?  Obviously games and TV can't make someone perform a violent act.  They choose to act violently themselves but exposure to violence everywhere can't help.  I walked out of a store the other day and a little kid...maybe 4 years old pointed a stick at me, said "bang bang bang, haha I killed you".  There are a lot of other factors, yes I agree.  I'm just saying we need to stop using television and video games as a babysitter.  It all starts with the parents.February 29, 2012 at 1:38 am | Reply TreyUnfortunately the entertainment media argument relies on the idea that humans don't inherently have the capacity to imagine/commit horrible things from birth. Which begs the question, if we weren't inherently born with such a capacity, how do we end up with this so-called "ultra-violent" society. Can we please stop blaming the entertainment industry/media? It's such a cop-out.February 29, 2012 at 2:00 am | Reply TreyWe have such a long list of things children cannot do, there is no place for them to exert pent up aggression. The United States has become a nation of unfulfilled, repressed, self-deprecating politically correct drones. Kids can't physically fight in schools like they used to, so what's left? Psychological warfare. It's the wounds you can't see that cut the deepest.February 29, 2012 at 1:39 am | Reply europeanwhy?? because guns are LEGAL in the usa !!! why?? because anybody can buy a gun in the usa!! why?? because everybody has a gun in the usa !!!THAT'S WHY!!! there's your answere usaFebruary 29, 2012 at 1:40 am | Reply Earnan MThe usual Eurotrash response.Must be those US laws to blame for school shootings in Germany, in Finland, in Hungary?February 29, 2012 at 8:11 am | Reply NateOne cause that was not mentioned is the media itself. As a recent graduate of college, I can tell you that as a young American, the media instills a degree of hopelessness in regards to our future, for those who choose to watch/ listen to it. Although most news organizations try to include positive reports, the majority of the information you see is extremely negative, which may push those at risk over the edge.February 29, 2012 at 1:47 am | Reply JeremyWSchool shootings, maybe, as USA has access to guns. Has anyone read about the maniac that ran around a elementry school in China and started stabbing children\teachers. Very sick.I think its strictly because of access to weapons. There are examples of this all over the world; the USA should not be put in the sport light for this.http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/china/7644838/Chinese-man-breaks-into-school-stabbing-18-students-and-teacher.htmlFebruary 29, 2012 at 2:02 am | Reply saulGuns, Guns & More Guns, No guns in these kids hands no problem.February 29, 2012 at 2:18 am | Reply bulletIf the cigarette manufacturers and the automobile manufacturers and the drug makers can be held liable for their products why cant the same logic apply to the gun manufacturers? The NRA would back a law to allow nuclear weapons so the good ole boys could go out in the woods and play with them. This country needs some folks with common sense to lead it.February 29, 2012 at 2:25 am | Reply JoelCigarette manufacturers and automobile manufacturers and drug makers are held liable in these instances because of either defects in the products (ie, someone is harmed because the product does not act as it's supposed to) in the latter two cases, or, in the case of the tobacco companies, because of false advertising that mostly went on 40 years ago.  They are held liable for their actions, not the actions of someone else.  In many cases, even these lawsuits are often spurious and emotionally decided, and in many cases, decided in the wrong direction (in the cigarette lawsuits).  Personally, at this time, no further lawsuits should be allowed accusing the tobacco companies of causing lung cancer for any actions after 1990.  That is well into the period after clear warnings were in all tobacco advertising.  It was well into the period after which tv ads and radio ads and school teachers were all making it clear that it caused cancer and other health problems.  There has to be a level of personal responsibility.  This is what the US is lacking in the 21st century in more and more areas.  We want to blame other people for our poor choices.  It's not McDonald's fault that you're fat.  Heart Disease kills more people each year than guns do, you know.  I'm well aware that there is a difference in that eating doesn't kill other people, and guns do.  That does not give you the right to use one to kill someone else for whatever reason you wish and then to blame someone else, even if that someone is the person made the gun.  They didn't manufacture it so you could commit murder.During the 19th century, fire-arm ownership per capita was much higher than it is today.  fire-arm usage among children was even higher as a ration compared with today.  Yet fire-arm crimes per capita were much lower, and more to the point, fire-arm accidents AND crimes with fire-arms when committed by children were drastically lower.  Owning a gun isn't the problem.  Not respecting the guns, and not respecting the law, or more importantly, not respecting right and wrong.. those are the factors which have changed in the past century which have caused the rise of fire-arm related crimes.February 29, 2012 at 3:03 am | Reply JoshBecause we're FUQ'D.February 29, 2012 at 3:11 am | Reply Rob2002What is the root cause here?  It's not the guns, it not the schools.  The household is the root cause.Bring back the old fashioned household discipline  it was never broken.  There was a time when we feared the punishment of our parents before we feared, school yard a bully, pure pressure, and even the law.  This whole PC movement has unraveled the basic household fabric.  Most kids these days have zero fear of their parents authority.  You have parents "negotiating" with a 7 year old child. No negotiations, just do what you are told to do.  As soon as today's parents grow a pair, and CPS gives the authority back to the household, crap like this will cease.February 29, 2012 at 3:26 am | Reply CindyWhy do you even mention Israel?  The two school "shootings" that have taken place there are not 'shootings" but "terrorist attacks" (Ma'alot in 1974 and Jerusalem  in 2008).  BIG DIFFERENCE.Your comment is misleading.February 29, 2012 at 4:23 am | Reply JackWagonIn the US we raise our children as "billy bad as" so that they can compete in the job market, etc, when they get older.  And some people raise their children to be billy bad as because that's what we value in this country as parents.  Then, billy bad as bullies the kids that are susceptble to allowing themselves to be bullied.  Then some of them have as much as they can take and they go insane.February 29, 2012 at 4:28 am | Reply AlynParents are no longer present to RAISE the children they birth, whether it be from working too many hours, drug abuse, or a cycle of neglect...We have these vices down pat in America.February 29, 2012 at 4:51 am | Reply GauntIn the early 1970s, The Murder rate in Canada  overall was only marginally lower than the United States. Then, in the late 1970s, canada introduced a series of common sense legislations on regulating gun ownership. Gun licences were required, and obtaining such a licence required a short training course on firearm use and safety. Minimal background checks were implemented, and certain dangerous or repeat felons were prevented from getting a licence. Al,ll of certain classes of guns had to be registered.Within a few years, murder rates began to drop, in particular gun murder rates. They have dropped ever since, barring a small spike in the early 1980s. Now, canada has a murder rate of 1/3 that of the us, and the disparity is entirely due to gun murders. As an aside, the number of accidental shootings and suicides have also dropped.So to the gun-worshippers out there who claim guns have nothing to do with gun violence, could you please explain this disparity to all of us?February 29, 2012 at 5:01 am | Reply @youignantdotcomYou are really going to compare the US with Canada? Clearly not apples to apples.  Take a look at Chicago and our gun related crimes and crime rates.  One of the highest in the country, yet we have the strictest gun laws in the country.  It's not citizens abiding the laws that commit the crimes, its the criminals breaking the laws, getting guns illegally off the black market.February 29, 2012 at 10:13 am | Reply Earnan MThat's odd.  Statistics Canada-you know, the folks who actually collect Canadian crime statistics, compile them and publish them-doesn't agree with you.Statistics Canada says the murder rate more than doubled in Canada, from the late 1960s through the 1970s, and didn't start declining until the 1990s.  The murder rate in Canada remains HIGHER today than it was before the laws banning many guns and requiring a PAL to possess a firearm.If you're going to lie to us, at least try to do a better job of it, m'kay?February 29, 2012 at 10:42 am | Reply Pink FlawedRegardless of the causes of school violence, the American answer will be to add more punishment and fines to children and adults.Instead of addressing the issues that cause school violence in the first place. The lame duck solution will be the same ole, same ole. Pass more restrictive stupid "feel good" laws that do nothing but try and clean up the spilled  milk, instead of not spilling it in the first place.  They will do things like send children to Juvenile for 2 years for carrying water pistils, and force parents to pay extremely high fines, as if that's going to fix the problem.February 29, 2012 at 5:06 am | Reply Chaky"I do not think America is an extremist nation, compared to other nations with bloody histories and despotic leaders", really??February 29, 2012 at 5:59 am | Reply peickColumnist, you are treating the symptoms rather than the root. Nowhere in your article do you acknowledge that people are screwed up. Nowhere do you mention faith or man's relationship to God. As long as you refuse to go there, you will never find the answer.February 29, 2012 at 7:40 am | Reply graybearWhen you bury the fact that all contemporary American school shootings are perpetrated by White boys in middle-class neighborhoods, you do a huge disservice to your readers.  As a psychiatrist, you know the demographics, and that alone should point you to the systemic forces that seem to influence the decision to pick up weapons, enter a junior high or high school, and start taking people out (classmates and teachers, alike). What, pray tell, could be eating at White boys so much?  You could've spent your entire article on this, but didn't.  That's because it's invisible or if recognized, downplayed  even by you.February 29, 2012 at 7:58 am | Reply EarnanMIf that fact had been addressed, it would have lead to dealing with the next unpleasant fact: that violent outbursts of this sort are far far less common than the daily acts of murder commited by young Black men in the US.Black men make up a tiny portion of the US population, yet they are responsible for over half of the murders in the US.The death toll from White boys shooting up their schools is a drop in the bucket in comparison.March 5, 2012 at 10:15 am | Reply MARIANNEOne of the biggest difference between American families and from other cultures is the dynamics of the family itself. In the US rarely you see the entire family having dinner together, where parents and kids take their time to talk and interact with each other. More often we see each family member eating alone, watching TV, or parents are not even present during meal time. Sitting down to eat together is different than interacting, listening and paying attention to each other. Observing signs of distress, problems in and out of school, and so forth. It's not an easy answer however the basis for a good family relies on the values and behaviors of parents. Pay attention to your kids. Listen to them. Be pro-active.February 29, 2012 at 8:42 am | Reply David"Despite rumors to the contrary, the Columbine killers were not bullied." -Are you serious? Have you no knowledge whatsoever of the shooting? Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold were both bullied that's why they targeted anyone wearing a white hat. Listen to the interviews given by the then-students of Columbine High School and you'll see very clearly that bullying/revenge was the motivating factorFebruary 29, 2012 at 9:44 am | Reply nodummyheadsTougher gun laws are not the answer. Holding parents accountable for their failings is. If parents leave firearms unsecured and their child uses one of those firearms to commit murder, the parents should be charged with accessory. Kids are not pets, nor are they status symbols (I'm looking at you Angelina Jolie), but they are serious responsibilities with serious repercussions for failing.February 29, 2012 at 9:47 am | Reply @youignanadotcom"Tougher Gun laws USA.... you have to or this will keep happening.... take your pick..."LOL look at Chicago.  We have the strictest gun laws in the country and horrendous crime rates.  Your opinion is only that...baseless, factless opinion and speculation.February 29, 2012 at 10:08 am | Reply @youignantdotcom"Tougher Gun laws USA.... you have to or this will keep happening.... take your pick..."LOL look at Chicago.  We have the strictest gun laws in the country and horrendous crime rates.  Your opinion is only that...baseless, factless opinion & speculation.February 29, 2012 at 10:09 am | Reply abnguyIsrael got a handle on their school shooting problem by arming the teachers with hand guns and the office personnel with assault rifles.February 29, 2012 at 10:27 am | Reply DavidWhy?? Cause Americans are stupids, that's why, they think they're better than anybody else.February 29, 2012 at 10:44 am | Reply mercenary76America has a problem with values and morals and religion and parenting and culture and everything else that made these incidents possible . The fact that no one wants to take diagnose or care of the mentally ill has a fair amount to do with this also . One has to wonder if the massive list of vaccines that children are dosed with  and or the drugs and chemicals that are present in the environment may have some hand in this too . The roman empire was not brought down solely by lead poisoning , but it had some influence .February 29, 2012 at 10:59 am | Reply alanThis guy rattles on through paragraph after paragraph when one sentance would have sufficed to get his opinion across:guns are the problem. Sorry fella,you are full of B.S.,the problem is with parents who are not involved enough in their kids life and with teachers and administrators to pre-occupied with anything but the children they are charged with educating. When the talevision and hollywood raise our children instead of a firm but loving hand from responsable adults this is what we get. Sounds more complex than "guns are the problem, no guns,no problem",but these issues never have simple causes or simple sulutions.February 29, 2012 at 11:06 am | Reply RoyBattyThere is no easy answer to this tragic and complex question. The lack of care for mental health issues in this nation is a huge problem.  Schools that are so large that a student and thier problems can go unnoticed is a part of this issue. A serious lack of firearm education and safety diligence is obviously a part of the problem. To believe that there is one simple fix to this tragedy in the United States is niave and uniformed.  We as a nation need to stop pointing fingers and conduct some serious soul searching. Kids are dead because one kid is really sick. This is every American's problem and yelling at one another over political issues will not change this or bring those dead kids back. Or help the kid who committed these horrible acts in the first place. This is a true system failure. What can all of us do to help prevent this sort of disater from happening in the future?  Think deeply America, our kids and our future depends on it.  Peace.February 29, 2012 at 11:34 am | Reply Terry MooreGuns are a tool.... I wonder what "tools" keep repeating that odd statement... A tool for what...? A screwdriver needs to be applied to a screw to actually do its work.. A gun needs to be fired to do its work.. There is no "if, when or but" about that...As to the ridiculous tale " when guns are outlawed only outlaws will have guns". let us look at other nations which are far more restrictive than us when it comes to gun ownership  (France, Spain , Italy, Canada, Holland, Norway, Germany..). : Their death per capita due to firearms are a fraction of ours, so either they have no outlaws (ha ha ha) or tha fact that guns are off the market does work in lowering death rates.. Of course, here, in a country where there are over 67 million firearms, and with this odd culture of violent machismo ( like " a gun is cool"), one fails to see a solution except that more innocent people will die, and NOT FROM OUTLAWS....February 29, 2012 at 11:45 am | Reply Jordan James Edwards# of times the word ____ is mentioned on this pageGUN:  1,16(3) ...Kill: 441 Bullying: 117...Mental: 117 Drugs 94...Money 46.Peace: 17... Innocent: 15community: 15Help: 97Love: 94 (usually followed in sentence by gun [i.e. love of guns, gun lover, I love my guns. or we love our guns more than we love our kids* (see above)]February 29, 2012 at 11:55 am | Reply GSHBecause all schools in America remove Bible class. It cause students make trouble without God. All schools should take Bible class back into school. So all students will learn and good behavior with God. There will not be any solutions without God. God is only one can solve it.February 29, 2012 at 12:05 pm | Reply Bella111Well, Bible is for stupid, but because majority of population is stupid, for centuries Bible did its job by making people behave.February 29, 2012 at 12:55 pm | Reply DeanBella111  That is what we are talking about, making people behave.   And even a non-believer like you admits the Bible in school worked.February 29, 2012 at 1:45 pm | Bella111Answer: It is simple, because American families have no values, people are emotionally lost, aggressive behavior is promoted everywhere and guns are readily available.February 29, 2012 at 12:51 pm | Reply FrankBecause 8 of 10 Children's FATHERS have been replaced with CHILD SUP PORT CHECKS!February 29, 2012 at 12:54 pm | Reply Bella111Fathers are replaced by electronic gadgets.February 29, 2012 at 12:57 pm | Reply Bella111Teenagers rule the world. Our children were told that they have rights but nobody taught them about responsibilities. They spend their time playing electronic games, TV constantly shows them parents as goofy and stupid, so as a result we have aggressive,  lost young people, with nobody to look up.February 29, 2012 at 1:15 pm | Reply GeorgeWe are our father's sins.February 29, 2012 at 2:20 pm | Reply BryanTIn the UK handguns are banned so the rate of stabbings increased. Now they're discussing banning knives. Then they'll start using sticks and rocks again until they are banned. Also there are still shootings in the UK, where handguns are banned....hmmm. Guess banning them didn't help.February 29, 2012 at 1:24 pm | Reply GeorgeBecause everything's bassackwards in America today, that's why. These kids go to school and get preached about the war on drugs while the teachers shoot them up with Ritalin. Then they go home where it sounds like their parents are all ODing on prescription drugs "pushed" by supoosed ethical medical doctors. Meanwhile marijuana, which would help a lot of people, is unethically touted by our government as one of the most dangerous drugs going (schedule 1) and they send guns to Mexico to shoot Americans while agents on both sides play Al Capone. Then Obama invades the office and won't produce a valid birth certificate and laughs at the American people. The banks own all our homes and none of us have jobs. The screwed up press lies to us and is nothing more that flagrant yellow press. Congress is telling us we can't afford to take care of our health and seniors while corrupt multinationals run amuk and control our government and all its spending (which all goes to welfare and the war machine). Tell me what is going right? I could go on and on as you all know already.February 29, 2012 at 2:15 pm | Reply Paul OWhy the lack of mention of discipline, both at home and within the school? I have gone to public schools in this country and others while growing up (I am almost 46).Why does America lead the world? That is a very misleading question and premise. Where else in the world do you have lawful possesion of weapons in such abundance as well as public education for all? No other country is where.February 29, 2012 at 2:22 pm | Reply GeorgeIt's public but not sure you could call it education these days. Moe like liberal indoctrination and government propoganda. To me, public anything in America is our #1 biggest problem. Now they want to take over our health care.February 29, 2012 at 2:31 pm | Reply MaxAmerica unlike other nations have no strong gun control laws. Guns are available easily and are integral part of American culture. Guns travel fast and change many hands and they land in wrong hands.Broken homes due to divorce have no proper guidance to children. Either biological father, mother or both are absent for child's guidance. American have more than 50% divorce rate which is quite high and that is not good for growing child.It is heart wrenching to see parents grief when they loose their children with gun violence. But it is very stupid when correct causes of gun violence are not addressed.February 29, 2012 at 2:50 pm | Reply sissieCause our goverment took the bible away from the schools,and our children. Our children needs god in there lives,but schools make it out like it's wrong!February 29, 2012 at 3:06 pm | Reply jlgFairly tatles do not belong in schools go hump your bible somewhere elseFebruary 29, 2012 at 3:18 pm | Reply jlgtalesFebruary 29, 2012 at 3:22 pm | JoeVTEinstein said "If you want your children to be intelligent read them fairy-tales,  If you want them to be more intelligent read them more fairy-tales."February 29, 2012 at 3:29 pm | GnatBWas talking about this yesterday with friends.  The general consensus was that the primary reason there are "so many" school shootings is because of all the media attention the school shootings get.  There would be less of them if they weren't treated as such a big deal.  Bullied as school, looked down on. Want everybody to know your name/who you are, show you aren't just a whatever?  Shoot some kids at school, go out in a blaze of glory.  Instant fame.February 29, 2012 at 3:07 pm | Reply Mike KnightIs the headline a joke? Quite simply, there is no other western nation that has such easy access to guns! Duh!!!February 29, 2012 at 3:18 pm | Reply DBagI say we outlaw kids.  Problem solved.February 29, 2012 at 3:45 pm | Reply JoeVTAccording to a Harvard study in 2004 there is about 1 firearm for every adult American.   In this country in school we teach drivers ed, we have classes on $ex education, we have classes on issues with substance abuse but we can't even contemplate a firearm safety course?  We always think education is the key to solving our issues why not on this subject?  This child's issues didn't start when he pulled the trigger.  It started at home, in school, on the playground.  in front the TV, Mortal Combat, and Call of Duty are the top selling video games that kids play... all that prepared him in a premeditated decision to pick up a firearm, load it, sneak into school and pick other people out, point it and then pull the trigger.  Do I think a class would stop this from happening?  No,  no more then the others have in stopping car accidents, teen pregnancies, and substance abuse.  Without education on firearms it is blind security by ignorance.February 29, 2012 at 3:46 pm | Reply jjYes, guns, anger, bullying. And it's understandable that the bullied will one day reach a decision, and build on it. The thing I find odd is that none of these teen shootings seem to be about revenge  the bullies aren't targeted.It's almost like these kids want to be remembered for their acts. Respected.I've always thought that mass killers shouldn't be named, ever. Give them a number. Show an icon for them. If you want to find the name, you have to look it up online. I'm sick of seeing the smug smiles of these sick pups  like the Tucson killer. I'm not a fan of capital punishment, but for these types, with obvious guilt, fry them quickly (and SLOW-ly), and forget about them. And no fan sites, as they don't allow Hitler fan sites in Germany.February 29, 2012 at 4:48 pm | Reply coyotes2000To blame the gun for this is like blaming your tape measure when you cut a board too short.February 29, 2012 at 4:54 pm | Reply Leroy JenkinsI prefer to blame my sawFebruary 29, 2012 at 6:07 pm | Reply jasonat least there not blaming the video game maker like they have in the past when this happenedFebruary 29, 2012 at 4:59 pm | Reply sir_ken_gSimple.  The NRA flogs guns for all  the bigger the better.Guns usually kill their owner or someone the owner knows  as in the current case.Repeal the 2nd.February 29, 2012 at 5:25 pm | Reply ChrisWhat are your facts on this? Cause I have been around guns my entire life, even had the government issue me one for 6 years of service in the Army and not once saw a gun itself kill someone....just what it was pointed at....so guess in this scenario one could say the same for a uneducated gun owner as we can say for an uneducated person in general.......you must be 10% smarter than the equipment you plan to use. Repeal the 2nd and become a government slave....yay Rome, I have always wanted to see you.February 29, 2012 at 6:15 pm | Reply EJDWooooo! We're number one! We're number one! USA! USA! USA!February 29, 2012 at 5:30 pm | Reply TRH"Guns don't kill people...people kill people.."But guns make it all too easy. It takes little skill to kill with a gun and once the trigger is pulled there's no going back. If these sick twisted kids would not have access they would probably find another way or at least try to. But that "other way" would not be as easy to find and maybe it would be less deadly or easier to defend against.February 29, 2012 at 5:42 pm | Reply Jesse AIt's the parents, stupid.  Parents are continuing to take a smaller role in their childrens' lives with each generation.  We have laws and stigmas causing parents to fear disciplining their own child.  We have more parents working longer hours so they can have a two cars, a boat and a two story house, instead of concentrating on an emotionally stable, contented, honorable, respectful, considerate, and bright child.  Ideally, one parent should be home regularly.. father or mother, I don't care.  And, when your kids behave you need to give them the world; when they misbehave you have to bring the rain so they will regret their decision.  The problem is easy to figure out, the solution is not.  Society cannot raise 200 million children by proxy.  The social backbone has to break, and then the collective consciousness will mend itself.February 29, 2012 at 6:00 pm | Reply BradWell said! The rearing of our children is the most important job for any society.March 1, 2012 at 8:46 am | Reply Leroy JenkinsGuns don't kill people......bullets do!February 29, 2012 at 6:04 pm | Reply ShawnTo many liberals trying to cram their ideas into the brains of kids.. They are becoming wise to your ways and lashing out with uncontrolled rage.February 29, 2012 at 6:17 pm | Reply GlennWhine all about "gun control" all you want, little slaves. You'll never get it because it will cause a civil war. And you unarmed suckers of government teat will lose.February 29, 2012 at 6:27 pm | Reply CarlyThe last portion is completely opinion based. There is no basis to prove that lack of gun control is any more or less than other countries. not to mention that we have one of the highest participation rates of students in high school. In a lot of other countries most students, if they go to school at all, don't make it to the third grade.February 29, 2012 at 6:39 pm | Reply SpencerI don't understand what this article accomplished. He listed possible causes, and then at the end of each possibility, he says "but this isn't necessarily the cause..." This was possibly the most "duh!" article I have read on CNN...February 29, 2012 at 6:51 pm | Reply stainedundiesChildren in Canada have very limited access to guns and therefore school shootings are rare. In fact, the last one I remember was when one student was shot and killed about 7 years ago. This is the only time in the last 100 years that this happened in our province.February 29, 2012 at 7:20 pm | Reply nofoldemsAnswer is simple: Parents!!!!  Not guns, not schools, not TV, not video games, not anything else.February 29, 2012 at 7:29 pm | Reply danielif people knew u had acsess to guns would people really bully them?February 29, 2012 at 7:39 pm | Reply rtbrno65America is and always has been a fundamentaly violent society. Violence is in our very culture. Our national anthem celebrates a wartime event. The US expanded vilolently westward and obliterated an entire native culture with it. American history is full of enslavement, riots, assassinations, and murders. We have been at war almost constantly since we were established. I think the question should be, how have we been so sucessful in keeping this kind of thing from happening more than it has?February 29, 2012 at 7:56 pm | Reply stepfather incestcho's highscore was not beat that daygame overFebruary 29, 2012 at 8:51 pm | Reply DanielI have lived in America for 10 months when I was a tenager and I have to say that life there was pretty boring and that must a factor for people in certain mental condition to get worse.The culture of living in suburbs and needing a car for everything associated with long hours and winters inside the houses is really bad.Life in Europe and even South America (places I know at least) are way healthier for a person's state of mind.February 29, 2012 at 9:05 pm | Reply Earnan MMore whining from Eurotrash.10 months as a snotty whining teenager in suburbia, and he pretends to be an expert on Americans and their mental health.Your host parents must have been glad to see you leave.March 1, 2012 at 5:01 am | Reply erikaI think its cuz we are one of the few countries with schools O_O and where people have money to purchase guns lolFebruary 29, 2012 at 9:51 pm | Reply ErgI am NRA and own several guns.  I have always enjoyed the challenge of marksmanship.  But I would gladly give up all my guns if it would prevent these terrible shootings.  Intuitively it seems logical that banning guns would reduce murder and other gun crimes.  But would it?  Many problem drugs have been illegal for years, yet the drugs remain readily available to children as well as adults.  Why would gun control work any better?February 29, 2012 at 10:06 pm | Reply karlbushWe're #1  We're #1  We're #1!February 29, 2012 at 10:27 pm | Reply Stpn2mebut if the tool wasn't available, they wouldn't have been shotAnd if criminals would obey the gun laws, we wouldnt need police, right? Idiot...But I would gladly give up all my guns if it would prevent these terrible shootings.I wouldnt. Why give up my protection just because someone else cant secure their weapons from their children? Start punishing PARENTS and alot of this will stop..February 29, 2012 at 10:32 pm | Reply Stpn2meWhat a bunch of granola eating liberals on this site! Dont get guns, but you wont stop my god given right to own them. You arent going to leave me helpless in front of criminals.  Idiots...February 29, 2012 at 10:37 pm | Reply bcIt's all about personality, not mental illness, not bullying.  All in all some people can handle themselves and others can't.  Even while under drugs normal people would not react violently.  So it all comes down to a person's outlook in life, their character.  Some people are just violent prone, some of that is genetic though, and it shows if they have a history of violence, pet abuse, etc.  This has nothing to do with guns, I mean might as well be scared of pencils.March 1, 2012 at 12:05 am | Reply DlopezSeriously lame article and lame comments...If there was a law to ban guns why would he obey it since he obviously didn't obey the law about murdering or the other laws broken in this horrendous story??Wake up and start teaching your kids to be responsible and quit blaming everyone else for your (or their) shortcomings and bad behavior!Blech!! Sick of all the immature and irresponsible parents raising their kids to be the same.  Grow up and do right ... if you don't know how then start reading the Bible (KJV) Very simple folks!  The reward will be worth it for sure!March 1, 2012 at 1:56 am | Reply harryWe have to ask?  Parents cannot discipline children, teachers cannot discipline children, family values....well what values, single parents abound and they are out there working while children are doing what the hell they want....and you want to know why in America there is more violence?Its the family, stupid.March 1, 2012 at 2:12 am | Reply MarcSKWe Americans aren't exactly gun tolerant. Just a while ago, a little girl accidently shot herself in the arm becuase she took her dad's gun while he was asleep.We also have the whole "We're completely defenseless without our guns!" belief. Even there our other ways of defending ourselves.March 1, 2012 at 7:55 am | Reply VisailianThere are a variety of frightening things about this article and the postings along with it.  I have been in possession of firearms for at least the last 50 years.  Not one of my firearms made the decision one day to go out and kill someone.  I also believe that not one firearm manufacturer has ever made a firearm with a mind of its own to go kill people.  It is the responsibility of the person using the firearm and what it will be used for.I am also seeing a number of postings declaring that Christian values are what is needed to stop this problem.  That is not true.  I think one can safely say that Koresh was heavily imbued with these values and you can see where that ended.I believe what is missing is the simple concept of personal responsibility.  Personal responsibility is not a religious idea and is rather a simple concept.  If one does something, how does it affect society?  If your action benefits society, then you have done a good thing.  If your action harms someone in society, then you need to accept the comsequences of what you have done or are about to do.  This idea is not mine, it is not a Christian idea, it is not from the Koran, it is just a simple idea that needs to be taught to one and all.  The stickling point is the acceptance of consequences.  Most people fail to see what could or might happen with their proposed actions and bad things happen.  There is also this tendency to blame others for your stupidity.  How many times have you read something or watched something where a person does something voluntarily and incredibly stupid and it was the fault of someone else?  Think about that for a moment.Teach children to understand the idea of consequences, both good and bad, and see what happens.None of this is revolutionary.  All that is required is a bit of thinking and personal responsibility for what you are doing.March 1, 2012 at 7:58 am | Reply patrick harris1.  the second amendment is totally outdated and everyone here knows it, your not going to stop the Gov't from taking your land with a hand gun... obviously It has to be re-written to keep up with the times....  2.  close all the gun making companies  just stop making them.3.  charge $7,500 for a single bullet, 4.  We need to take better care of the mentally challenged / insane people5.  Educate all the nra / red neck people that guns are reallly no longer needed.If we use good common sense, we can end this kind of nonsense.March 1, 2012 at 8:20 am | Reply JRGidaho1) Since our government is utterly corrupt, we do need to rewrite the 2nd amendment. The people definitely need better armaments.2) Since the medical-pharmaceutical-government complex is the major cause of death in the US, let's eliminate all the doctors and close the medical schools.3) If you want to regulate the price of bullets, should the government also regulate the price of sugar ( a leading cause of death), all other refined foods ( another leading cause of death), automobiles (which kill more people annually than guns do)?4) Maybe we should prevent them from reproducing and cull all those genetics out of the human race.5) Why does owning a gun suggest any association with the NRA or being a redneck?I hope you can recognize the (somewhat) tongue in cheek response of the first four suggestions as they pertain to your suggestions. #5 is a legitimate question.My main point is perhaps we should all think a little bit more about our proposed solutions to real or perceived problems before we post them.March 2, 2012 at 6:52 pm | Reply S.SurrellIt can't be guns alone, because strangely enough, this is a white male issue.  Unless someone can convince me that they are the only group that has access to guns?  If there were no guns, they would use something else, like a gallon of gas, they are pretty smart you know!  Better to spend time trying to figure out why this group does this.  The FBI has a pretty good profile on these kids.  White, male, middle class, average + intelligence, OK family life, then what is it?  No one is setting strict boundaries for them as youth.  Yes it is the parents!  Children need to have boundaries, girls have many more than boys.  That is why boys are the problem.  They live in a society where they can pretty much do what they want, they have a TV, computer and cell phone in their bedroom, in a house in a bedroom community.  Isolated from reality.  Can you imagine if TV and the Internet were your only communication with the "outside".March 1, 2012 at 8:26 am | Reply stateschoolGun-happy Americans say we can have their guns when we pry them from their cold, dead fingers.  How many cold, dead children do we have to cart out of our schools for our thinking to change?March 1, 2012 at 8:52 am | Reply DonIf we had fewer republicans and brain dead NRA members who have an extreme inferiority complex below the waist who insist they need thousands of guns in their hands to help compensate for those extreme inferiority complexes then we would have fewer guns and those guns out there wold be kept in safes and out of the hands of anyone who happened to walk through the trailer and who could just pick up a gun and go shoot someone because the guns are just lieing around like candy.  So the real problem is the ignorance and stupidity of a bunch of men who feel inadequate below the waist and until all these mental wastelands are treated for extreme mental health conditions there will never be a change, even if youu outlawed guns these fools would still have more guns in their himes than most armories. The sad reality is you just cannot fix stupid so you have to ban all guns and give life imprisonment for anyone seen or found to have a gun in thier possession and you need to have mandatory gun inspections of all trailers in the USA every 3 months.March 1, 2012 at 9:50 am | Reply DaveThe kids today are disrepectfull and do not care, we have allowed them to see that they can get away with anything.  The biggest problem is the parents, lack of accountability on all parts.  All have an excuse from growing up being bullied to parental abuse.  None are excuses, I was bullied most of my school life because I was fat.  I grew up with guns avaliable but I do not recall wanting to kill someone over it.  Might have crossed my minde as a kid but my parents raised me right.  We need no more gun laws, what we need is to enforce the current ones!  We do not follow what we preach.March 1, 2012 at 11:13 am | Reply situationalawarenessBingo... Dave, you hit it spot on.  I grew up the same way, and being pigeon-holed with the few that did such a thing is saddening.  I just want people to realize that guns are only one avenue of murder  in fact it's harder to kill large numbers of people with a gun since you have to reload it and aim appropriately, with a heavy possibility of being neutralized from anywhere in a 360 degree area around you.I can attest to schools worrying more about laws than anything else.  I was in one fight in high school, and I think I threw one punch which didn't make contact.  I was scolded by the principal and vice principal, and suspended for 3 days for "being in a fight" and told if I did anything with that person again, much worse would happen.  (as you can tell, I wasn't violent at all in school)  Basically, the school was looking out for their own record.Guns are a blunt-force approach to mass murder, and only someone who hasn't thought it through does it.March 1, 2012 at 1:08 pm | Reply Ponciana,BenitoThe only way for you to reclaim your family and country is return to GOD! Go to mass, confess your sins, receive Holy  Communion by the mouth.Pray for the Pope, priests and the religious.Honor the sacrament of MATRIMONY.Stop FORNICATING.Stop using the name of JESUS without reverence,Pray the Rosary.Have a rosary or wear the scapular(made of cloth)Stop the kids from playing violent video games.Stop buying or wearing things with skull or horn.BLESS your house and family,relatives and friends with HOLY Water,Have a Blessed Crucifix at home.God BlessMarch 2, 2012 at 1:39 am | Reply GregoryStop covering these stories. These students keep killing each other for sake of media attention, in order to elicit an emotional response from the public and to make themselves known. At very least, please stop publishing the names, photos, and accounts of the perpetrators. This will likely help to limit this phenomenon.March 2, 2012 at 9:15 am | Reply JRGidahoThe plain and simple basis of the problem is lack of parental responsibility and failure to be fully engaged with your children. We could point to a dozen other problems in society and find the same basic root cause.March 2, 2012 at 6:41 pm | Reply illinois firemanHow about parents teaching their children good old fashioned morals. Parents today have quit teaching their children right from wrong. This all started in the 60's when they took God out of schools. There is no absolute morality anymore. Kids are taught to decide right from wrong for themselves.March 2, 2012 at 7:26 pm | Reply back-trackThe only thing that's really changed the last 50 years is that children get less parent time... and more TV  and video time.  And teaching right and wrong is a parent's job.  Moms used to mange much of this acculturation.What goes for standard media now will desensitize the young developing mind... so toss out the TV, stick with old movies and reading, let your young child develop the old-fashioned way.March 2, 2012 at 8:00 pm | Reply redwine9991GUNS,GUNS,GUNS,GUNS,GUNS,GUNS,GUNS,GUNS,GUNS,GUNS,GUNS,GUNS,GUNS,GUNS,GUNS.IT IS ABOUT TIME THAT WE PROSECUTE ALL THE GUN MAKERS AND DEALERS!!!!March 2, 2012 at 8:03 pm | Reply IceaxdaveWe lead in school shootings because numnutz like TJ (Beevis)Lane sit around the house all day jacking off to TV and eating Hostess HoHo's.March 2, 2012 at 9:44 pm | Reply hope'njusthope'nLet's see....who leads the world in recruiting high school age youth to shoot to kill helpless women and children, blow themselves up, beat their women into submission?   Maybe Iran?  hatred has NO respect for gender, culture, or religionMarch 2, 2012 at 9:58 pm | Reply AntzrusGuns are just a tool-and they do make the sick thinking easier to manifest. But sick, depressed kids (adults) are the motive. No, it's not severely depressed folks that barely eat, sleep, maintain their hygiene and move in a slow retarded fashion. But rather it's the normal (average-common-everyday) looking depressed folks whose thinking is just as disturbed and dark, but they have the energy to manifest such bizarre behavior. People always want to know the reason why. Often there is bullying, bad parenting, drugs, you name it that occurred in the environment that we blame. But that was just the straw that broke the depressive's back. The same bad experiences happen in most folks lives at one time or another and they don't go off the deep end. Parents, learn more about depressive illness. That's the why.March 2, 2012 at 10:09 pm | Reply TruthTellerAmerican parents have left their children to raise themselves.Spare the rod and spoil the child. God never meant for parents to be best friends with their children. When parents fail to teach kids to respect even them in the home, who will kids deem worthy of respect outside of the home? Whoever it is it will be for the wrong reasons. Americans are not raising a society of respect, but a society of fear. Kids grow up deceived to think fear is respect, so they become teenagers and adults who use violence and intimidaton verbally and otherwise to get respect. God's Word cannot be broken. When you violate God's Word in the end you will also reap what you have sown. Let God alone be true and everyone else a liar. God will not bless what he does not endorse. Even if there is success in the beginning, it will end in destruction.March 3, 2012 at 1:11 am | Reply borisjimboI sure hope the Heller majority is pleased with itself.March 3, 2012 at 1:44 am | Reply Dell StatorHeh guy, thrilled you were't bullied, or subject to other abuse by students at schools.It's about more than getting beat up.Bottom line is few schools want to be bothered policing the students.That and most "bullies" parents are .... bullies in their own ways, and schools have trouble dealing with that, and would rather ignore everything than face hard problems.As to guns, how about some real laws, real background checks, real req to keep them locked up, real penalities for not locking them up.  I believe in gun ownership, but I believe in responsibility too.March 3, 2012 at 3:56 am | Reply 4commonsensenowUnless your going hunting,taking target practice at the range, using the weapon in your job, then I would say the other uses are based on emotion and theres your base problem.Anger management and problem solving skills.March 3, 2012 at 8:49 am | Reply KerryanneACCESS TO GUNS. PERIOD. When the hell are we going to learn?? Other countries do just fine without them. I am American living overseas in an EU country and it is positively disgraceful that we cannot get this through our thick skulls.March 3, 2012 at 9:29 am | Reply mraimishere is good video about this http://adf.ly/5ugCzMarch 3, 2012 at 9:30 am | Reply BillNo discipline is the reason. Your not allowed to kick the kids ars anymore. A cat & 9 tails is what is needed.March 3, 2012 at 9:34 am | Reply kenyonI just saw the movie COURAGEOUS. What we need in America is God fearing men, who will man up and love and lead their families!March 3, 2012 at 10:00 am | Reply Pat KellyPut guns in the hands of monkeys and some monkeys will get shot.  Even monkeys should be able to understand this.March 3, 2012 at 10:16 am | Reply KmeI don't think that they were talking about cops.March 3, 2012 at 11:23 am | Reply Rael GolanThe most obvious and the least discussed is:the legacy and consequences of America's love affair with war! expressed in the wholesale availability of weaponry. offspring of military men and general de-sensitivity to violence.March 3, 2012 at 10:18 am | Reply cathynice point.March 3, 2012 at 10:34 am | Reply sawagUSA is a great  nation, but has a big big problem: too many weapons. In italy we have bad students too, but fortunately they have no weapons, so those accidents cannot happen here.Greeting from ItalyMarch 3, 2012 at 10:56 am | Reply MommiIn Italy they use knives instead which is more painful deathMarch 3, 2012 at 4:13 pm | Reply KmeThe US has just as bloody a history as any other country. The civil war of the 19th century to start with. That wasn't such a long time ago either.March 3, 2012 at 11:20 am | Reply KmeGuns work both ways, kids can kill at a school and criminals can use them even when they are illegal and the government employees can do some major mass slaughters easily when the general public is disarmed. The difference is that America still has some freedoms remaining.March 3, 2012 at 11:27 am | Reply AbeMartinLKingJFKWhatever. They have really convinced themselves that the American public doesn't know who's REALLY responsible for those school shootings, and other acts of false-flag attacks. The founders of this nation made sure to arm every US citizen in order that they could PROTECT themselves, not from the people, but from any outsiders who would infiltrate the government by stealth (as has been done), and then attempt to take away every freedom we HUMANS have (which  is what they are currently trying to do). They've been trying to take Americans' ability to protect themselves from a foreign invader since Abraham Lincoln struggled to keep them OUT, and they've been seeking to take away the rights and freedoms of us HUMANS ever since. Always remember: just because it LOOKS human, doesn't mean that it is. You will know them by their works, and if it's working AGAINST humanity, it ain't human.March 3, 2012 at 11:43 am | Reply EinzartThere is a disease and there are symptoms of the disease. Try to address the symptom as much as you want, it won't help curing the disease. The issue with most articles are they address one issue (symptom) and talk of "curing" it. The issues we see in our society comes primarily from the lack of a "religion". I know its the R word, but a lack of faith in something higher, is I believe the core "disease" of our society. I know most people will disagree with this but its a fact that from Religion comes a culture of acceptance and respect for all things living. I am very well aware of the problems  surrounding religions of the world. I just wish there was a way not to throw the baby out with the bathwater.March 3, 2012 at 12:02 pm | Reply KC_CAHow about this...Kids are told every day they are failures. They don't look good enough, aren't thin enough, strong enough, popular enough. They aren't as smart or capable as kids in (fill in any industrial nation here). If they come from poor families, they are oppressed and have no chance. If they come from rich families, they are oppressors and are horrible people. They are told constantly that they only chance they have at success is to be a sports star, an actor, or a singer and most know there is little hope of that extreme dream coming true. And what do people do when they have no hope, when everything around them says they are worthless? They often lash out.Want to stop school violence? Give kids hope. Stop pushing "be a pop star" and"be a fashion designer" on our kids. How about a reality show with kids from all walks of life competeing to build the best robot, best energy efficient home, etc? Show kids that kids just like them CAN compete on the world stage, CAN do well in real world things. Make the nerds and other kids with good grades the hereos of their schools instead of the fluff-for-brains jocks. Heck, show the world that some kids can be good at both.March 3, 2012 at 2:00 pm | Reply ouyThe answer is quite simple .. Spock babies are to blame.March 3, 2012 at 2:09 pm | Reply PerkiestAmericans love their guns, shooting things, animals, people, so let them shoot each other in peace, and mind your own business.March 3, 2012 at 3:12 pm | Reply VThe question that is asked, "How would the kid have killed people as quickly and efficiently if he didn't have a gun?" Easy. Wait for school to get out, run everyone down that's standing around outside with a car. If you want to kill a lot of people you will easily find a way to do it.March 3, 2012 at 3:44 pm | Reply NJNO Atheists = NO school shootings!March 3, 2012 at 4:11 pm | Reply FearfighterThat is crazy! Most people in prison believe in god and you have the nerve to say this about atheist! The bottom line is life is YOUR experience not Mine.. And no I am not an Atheist but believe the question of God is to hard of a question for the simple minded monkey we call man!March 3, 2012 at 5:49 pm | Reply Coug9In response to the author's claim that we treated mental illness in the 60's with "proper medications" and "compassionate supervision"...........way off base! The medications we used in that era were not friendly or benign by any means.....may have been the only thing available at the time, but it is unfair to compare that eras treatments to today, and form a conclusion that this somehow contributes to more mental illness or even school shootings.March 3, 2012 at 5:00 pm | Reply Coug9Far more people die from drunk drivers than gun violence.......... the problem is not access to guns. The true problem is the lack of parents' involvement in their kids lives. They depend on the school system to teach their kids values and character.........which the schools cannot and should not be a part of. (Their job is to teach our kids math/science/language etc....not instil values or morals) Parents must step-up to the plate, and act like parents.March 3, 2012 at 5:09 pm | Reply FearfighterGuns Suck! But here is an Idea that is LONG over due.. Trigger technology that only responds to certain element of a unique finger print.. This can be achieved and would reduce violence dramatically. We could even register felons finger prints in a data base that would make no gun respond to their finger on the trigger... That technology is where we should be headed. The guns manufactures need to get off their butts and bring new technology for safer weapons. That solves the shooting part!! But someone could still bludgeon you with a weapon..March 3, 2012 at 6:01 pm | Reply The PhantomWhat the hell would Russia do the next time they have a war?  During WWII they had up to five soldiers using one rifle.  As the front man with the rifle was killed or wounded the next soldier took up the rifle and continued.  With your trigger they would end up in some pickle!   Remember your history!March 3, 2012 at 8:17 pm | Reply smithedGuns have been a fixture in rural america since the founding.  Young people had access to guns for hunting and protection.  Yet the author cannot provide evidence of school violence with guns until relatively recent times.  Since the availability of guns has been a constant, then the change must come from a change in society.  Whether it is the "i am a victim culture" that elevates grievances to violence or something else, I do not know.  This phenomena of violence parallels the suicide "epidemic" brought on by similar societal pathologies of modern America.March 3, 2012 at 6:04 pm | Reply RosieIts called the Second Amendment.  That's why.  The rest of the civilized world doesn't believe in the wild wild west.March 3, 2012 at 7:01 pm | Reply ericwhen it comes to bullys and being victim that has ben around since forever. i think that issue come with the fact that we dont let people fail anymore. we teach our youth that its ok to be second and third ans so on. they get trophys just as much as the winners. when it comes to electronic and network bassed crap its becasue we shelter our kids from the truth to much. if a child is strange its not a bad thing to tell them that from time to time. as far as gun control well if someone wants a gun they will be able to get it. there are tones of ilegal arms on the streets that it wont take much asking before someone will sell one to you. i believe that the biggest issue is that parents don't pay attention to there kids like they used to. in most households both parents are working all day and when they get home they just don't have the energy to confront there kids in a constructive manner that could curb the violent behavior. i also think that accountability is a big problem especially with the parents and them not taking responsibility for there kids behavior. dicapline is a big issue these days, go back 20-30 years and kids had a beter sence or repercussions for there actions but not now. kids are mean creatures and they have a bad sence of right and worng that dosnt develope until they hit adolesence so if they are taught from a young age that there is really now recourse for there actions then they think there is none latter.March 3, 2012 at 8:24 pm | Reply Bloooper1Gun are not the first problem. I happens at schools !!!!Apparently something is wrong in schools. Maybe 'Chrstian' limited scope of vision triggers individuals to feel outcast.(so will all religion visions do by the way) Should teachers not teach to think and reflect/question youngsters and not tell them what they 'have' to accept ? I don't mean they are capable of seeing (whatever) truth. But shouldn't they as an individual have the right to think about it freely (not unlimited however; respect for the other is essential) ? Wasn't that something we did not like ourselves at the time ?March 3, 2012 at 8:38 pm | Reply JeffInteresting that the author failed to consider or investigate the basic nature of man.  I know that we live in a country where the majority of Americans espouse the view that man is basically good.  However, it is plausible that this accepted majority view is wrong.  Everyday, CNN and other news agencies report violent incidents across this country.  These violent incidents include people of every age, race, gender, and socio-economic background.  Is it not possible, that while the above issues could indeed provide partial explanation as why this individual commited these acts, that the real factor is that humans, are indeed, basically or inherently bad?March 3, 2012 at 10:02 pm | Reply Rob"Anyone who blames this on the availability of guns is an idiot."Ironically, this is the most idiotic comment of all.March 3, 2012 at 10:16 pm | Reply HarrisongtoWhile I can't think of anything sadder than yet another school shooting, blaming guns is just stupid. You ban guns and stabbings go up, you ban knives and then what? A gun is a tool, and like any tool it can be used properly or it can be used improperly. The problem is parenting across the board, the kids that do these school shootings all seem to have in common that they feel left out at home, neglected. If you don't give your kids the support system they need this happens. My wife and I have 7 children, and I spend every minute I have talking to them, teaching them things and just being there for them. I don't smother my children though either. On the subject of guns again for a minute, there is no education there at all in most homes. When my kids turn 12, they get a .22 rifle for Christmas (though with hunting allowed at a younger age now that may be 10 soon enough) and they're taught to respect it for what it can do. The first thing they're taught is what damage a gun can do and to always respect it. The guns we have in our home are not to protect us from a government, because as some anti-gun idiot already put it, that would be fruitless, a 12 gauge isn't going to beat a soldier. HOWEVER, the guns in my home are to protect it from people who don't respect or care about others and may try to do harm here, home invasion, burglary, etc.. We live way out in the country so those are always risks nowadays, we also hunt and shoot for fun as part of educating the younger kids about guns. If parents in this country were somehow required to be parents, our kids would be so much healthier and their kids and on and on. I sat down with my kids and we watched the news talk about the school shooting then we all discussed it at length. I think in these cases the parents need to be fully investigated and if it's shown that they are neglectful and aren't providing any support system for their kids then I think they should be charged with murder also. That may be extreme but if someone hurts one of my children like that you can bet that the other kids parents are going to have to deal with me in one way or the other. If my dog bites someone I get in trouble, obviously kids are more valuable than dogs but the same thinking should be applied. If your kid, who is your responsibility and whom you owe it to to raise properly with respect and morals does something this horrible, you pay for it too. Your kids are going to be what they see on a daily basis, be a parent and this s^it will end. Our prayers go out to all those effected by this senseless tragedy, even to the parents of the shooter who were on some level to blame for this.March 4, 2012 at 12:31 am | Reply Canadian JackTeach children about empathy. Most children never learn how to feel it even when they become adults. Without empathy, angry people hurt and kill other people. If we develop empathy we become more expert at detecting the violent tendencies in others. Teachers need it more than the students they teach. Empathy makes us all safer.March 4, 2012 at 7:36 am | Reply syzitoGun control is an excuse not a reason.Only the knee jerk loons[Democrats] call for gun control and completely ignore logic and evidence.March 4, 2012 at 8:28 am | Reply yuri pelhamI agee with the assessment and read readers reaction confirming my view that the situation won't change. America is commited to it's guns and nothing will change. Notice there are no more calls for gun control... jiust a few ineffectual  whimperings. The killings will continue. If you want to live in a civilized society move to Canada.March 4, 2012 at 8:47 am | Reply cjThe writer failed to answer the question of how many of these perpetrators obtained their guns via legitimate means, which, if he did, would likely destroy his conclusion.March 4, 2012 at 9:08 am | Reply SBNO, NO, and NO.  all those reasons are just crackpot theroies of why school shootings happen.  When it comes down to it, its all the parents fault. Its not the guns fault, mental illness, thats just stupid when are we americans going to get our thick skin back, HUH tell me when.  our nation of MEN has turned into a nation of cowards and thin skinned babies.March 4, 2012 at 10:19 am | Reply mrcommentA fact is being ignored here. When I went to school in the 50s and 60s we had just as much or more access to guns but this kind of thing was unheard of. Maybe it was because we were raise by a culture where the role models and values were different at that time no matter what people tody would like to think.March 4, 2012 at 10:22 am | Reply BethThere were not semi-automatic weapons for people to have back then.  There weren't as many people in this country then.  There were not video games including first person shooter video games back then.  TV and movie imagery for the most part was much less violent.  There was usually a stay at home parent (usually the mother) supervising kids at home.  (Not advocating that we return to that but the result was overall maybe more parental supervision and less chance to nap parents' guns??).  The thing isonce a thing like Columbine happened kids learned of it and I think that students who might not have thought to do what they did got the idea from that event.  The other thing isit if a fact that without access to the guns used in the various school shootings that have occurred most of the those killed in school shootings would still be alive.  That's a fact  I'd respect gun rights advocates' opinions more if they showed concern about these victims and showed that their lives are MORE important than easy access to guns.  I don't hear that from them.  I'm sure people who want gun rights also care about victims of gun violence but the first thing we hear from the is about THEIR rights.  What about the rights of those killed by gun violence?March 4, 2012 at 5:29 pm | Reply EarnanMBeth, your ignorance is noted.  Not only were semi-automatic guns availabe in the 1950s and 60s, but you could buy them through the US mail with no need to pass a background check or provide any identification.The US government even sold military semiautomatic rifles to civilians.  In the 1960s an M1 carbine-a semi-automatic rifle with a 30-round magazine-could be bought from the US government through the mail for under $30.So where were all the school shootings back then?March 5, 2012 at 9:55 am | NaniThere is much stress in our society than many other industrial societies and certainly more than when I was growing up. When growing up in the 60s and 70s there was different kinds of pressure: in high-school there wasn't the high stress (there was stress but compared to now mus less) to get the grades, to do well in sports so that you can get a scholarship to go to college since the middle class can't afford college, and the usual social pressure.  Look at what the kids are forward to: if they get into college graduate with $100K loan, tough job market if you did not major in science/engineering/math, and if you get a job you can't pay off the loan or even go to graduate school.  Middle class was able to send kids to college without loans, grad school help was available, and whn you got a job it was 3x the cost of college room/board/tuition. Now if you are lucky to get a job it's equivalent to college room/board/tuition.  Social pressures with middle class parents losing financial security due to job lay-offs, lower salary, and losing savings due to recession, there is pressure. 50% of kids do not live with their biological parents, 50% of births are illigitimate, and little or no parenting, adds to the stress of the kids.  Add on top of that bullying, without societal support mechanism you get a highly stressed kids ready to explode.  It will take a long time to defuse this problem in our society...we have to change and care about our societal well being rather than the pursuit of the love of money.March 4, 2012 at 10:36 am | Reply Rick S.People who go to school are a bunch of snobs.March 4, 2012 at 11:34 am | Reply ProgressivesRuleYeah!! Even though I myself got not one, but TWO post-graduate degrees and used them to make a fortune for myself, win election to the Senate, and run for POTUS! I'M not a snob for doing that. But if YOU do it, then you obviously ARE a snob, who only wants to fall in line in the ranks of Obama's People's Educated Snob Army (the PESA). And once the PESA gets to critical mass, then you know what comes next. The destruction of America as we know it, and its replacement with a socialist regime that will take away our freedom of religious expression! Better vote for ME if you want your life to continue as it is.March 4, 2012 at 1:01 pm | Reply piAll other fwctors are common across all other countries as well. The main difference is access to guns. We need better gun control laws.Advocates of gun control have mentioned thatother  objects can kill including knives n javelin. None of these can kill inmass manner like guns have.March 4, 2012 at 11:53 am | Reply chilipepperI think America is no.1 because it started in the hood along time ago The mindset of harming people, killing people if you get dissed. It was in the music and video's. Then it has just carried over years after as a normal mindset.March 4, 2012 at 12:19 pm | Reply giniajimHate to break the bad news, but his is fantasy ("But any serious attempt to prevent school shooting will have to attack the problem by determining who should not be armed, and preventing dangerous boys from bringing guns to school.").  Our legislators will guarantee that there will be no limits on "who should not be armed".  Sorry.March 4, 2012 at 1:09 pm | Reply John MFreedom isn't guaranteed to be safe.  In order to have your rights and freedoms absolutely protected, you accept some risk.  If you prefer to be less free in order to be more safe, emigrate.  It's just that easy.March 4, 2012 at 2:50 pm | Reply oneSTARmanPSYCHO KILLERS  The ONLY country on EARTH that ever INCINERATED CITIES with Nuclear Weapons, Held MILLIONS of Kidnapped Families in Slavery and committed GENOCIDE on the Native Population.  Most of the world's WEAPON'S, almost ALL the Land Mines and Chemical and Biological Weapons  come from the USA.March 4, 2012 at 3:18 pm | Reply amargeetParents are careless & do not control the weapon chest at home. Parenta must ensure that kids going to school do not carry anything illegal. They must keep arms & ammunition in seperate chest.In school, supervisors & security must have frequent rounds to staff room, library & cafetaria where tempers riose after class hours.March 4, 2012 at 3:39 pm | Reply Yah YeahBring back the paddle!!! That's how we USED to keep bullies in line. Now kids fight them off with guns.March 4, 2012 at 4:35 pm | Reply BethBullying is an even bigger problem in many other countries and teachers and schools do even less in those countries than is done here to prevent bullying.  Obviously with access to guns as big as it is here it enables people who lose it to snap and shot many people whereas without that access at most they could stab a few others with a knife.  I'm for improved gun control.  people don't need this much access to guns.March 4, 2012 at 5:22 pm | Reply ???Whoa, wait a minute here.  Based on what statistics that says America is the leading nation in school shootings?  Why, because there was just a shootout at an Ohio high school?  Now all of a sudden the US is the most unsafe place in the world?  Look, there is always some kind of violent act being commited every day in this country anywhere.  No matter how hard we try, we will never eliminate violence from this world.  We can suppress violence, but never could we eliminate it.  Were that possible, a single violent act could tear apart the ideal peace we longed for and throw the entire world into chaos.  Ultimately, such chaos would mark the end of humankind for eternity.  See the paradox here?March 4, 2012 at 7:54 pm | Reply Blessed GeekCongo, Somalia, Tamil Tigers, The Lord's Resistance Army, Pakistan and Mexico lead in school shootings.Oh, 3rd world are not considered? Are you sure the US is not part of the 3rd world already?March 4, 2012 at 9:25 pm | Reply satmattThe per-capita murder rate in Canada (where we have strict gun control) is less than 1/3 of what it is in the U.S. Our incarceration rates are 1/5 of the those in the U.S. NRA devotees can argue & justify all they want, but "them's the facts, Baby"'!March 4, 2012 at 9:28 pm | Reply EarnanMAnd yet the murder rates in most of the US states bordering Canada are lower than the rates on the Canadian side of the border.New Hamphire and Vermont-states with very few gun control laws, Vermont even allowing anyone to carry a concealed handgun with no need for a permit-have murder rates lower than their neighbors in gun-controlled Quebec.Manitoba's murder rate dwarfs that of Minnesota or North Dakota, where "shall issue" concealed weapons laws allow hundreds of thousands to carry guns.Saskatchewan's murder rate is well above that of Montana, a state so opposed to gun control that it passed a state law telling the Federal government that its gun laws didn't apply to guns made and sold in Montana.Even Washington, home to the big-city crime problems of Seattle and Tacoma, has a murder rate only slightly higher than that of British Columbia and all of its gun control laws.March 5, 2012 at 9:45 am | Reply ronPhilosophically speaking this society is paying for the sins committed in the past. What goes around comes around.March 4, 2012 at 9:42 pm | Reply VT FacultySeveral faculty were among the 32 who lost their lives at the hands of Seung-Hui Cho. (You mistakenly state it was 32 students in the article).March 4, 2012 at 10:23 pm | Reply JonathanThe "there's just no answer" anti-gun-control crowd is horrifying.  There are 20,000 gun deaths a year in the United States, by far the most in the developed world, even though we have more people in prison (both total and per-capita) than any other developed country on Earth.  Don't say "they'll just use knives instead", because those other countries don't have 20,000 knife deaths.  Our murder, suicide (gun suicides are successful far more often than other forms), and gun-accident rates are all terrible, and no other Western country has this problem.  Gun control seems to have worked for nearly all of them, and it could work for us too.March 5, 2012 at 12:11 am | Reply Mike EThere is an average of 41 drunk driving deaths per day.  What do you want to take from the American people first?  The automobile or the alcohol?  Make sure you read up on American history before you answer this.  It isn't a "right" to have a car.  It IS a right to have a gun. What are the statistics for law-abiding Americans that kill with guns verses illegal gun holders at the time of a crime??? Laws are in place to remove your rights to either if you are an idiot.March 5, 2012 at 3:23 am | Reply EarnanMJonathan-like so much of the gun control lobby-wants to blame guns and gun owners because he doesn't want to have to confront the real problem: a small portion of the population that is extremely violent and is responsible for the largest part of the violent crime problem in the US.Jonathan claims, without a shred of evidence, that if only we would eliminate guns our violent crime problem would go away.Jonathan fails utterly on the facts.The US has a higher rate of murder using knives than the handful of rich western European countries the gun control fanatics like to point to as our should-be role models.The US has a higher rate of murder-using fire, using cars, using clubs, using poison-than those wonderful peaceful rich western European states.The US has a higher rate of murder with hands, fists and feet than those places.  Is that due to "reasonable boot control" in the UK?  Maybe Germans or Belgians only have one hand each, or are required to wear padded mittens at all times?Or maybe it's not the weapons?Jonathan and his pals never seem to want to talk about places like Jamaica, with complete bans on guns and yet violent crime and murder rates far above those of the US.  They're silent about Mexico-where almost no one can legally own a gun-mentioning Mexico's horrifying murder rate only when they think they can use it to justify stripping Americans of our rights.  How gun shops in Texas are to blame for the appalling murder rates of Venezuela, Colombia and the states of Central America is something that Jonathan and his pals haven't worked out yet.  But we can be certain that their eventual "explanation" will never address the cultures of those countries.March 5, 2012 at 9:09 am | Reply Mike ETypical media crap in the USA.  I have a handgun at home and yes it is for home security.  I have a concealed carry permit.  I also taught my teenage daughter gun safety and we will be shooting this spring.  I am a parent that knows where his child is and I know her friends.  I am disgusted with the comments on here that blame everyone else and everything is either political or some stupid agenda.  If we got rid of all the guns that means that only the criminals would have guns.  If you think we will get them all out of America then you are an idiot.  A person will commit murder no matter what method or object they use.  Don't be so naive.  The one thing we need to be licensed is being a parent.  Too many people are allowed to freely pop out 3, 4, 5 kids by different fathers (this is irresponsible males and females) and the family dynamic is wrecked.  Parents are not involved in their children's lives and yes, there are some that are mental issues and prescription drugs are an underlying cause.  Lets get real on the gun issue.  Statistics are manipulated by the variables you use and the ones you exclude.  How many knives, drunk drivers, strangling, or other means is used and then compare that to gun murders.  Do we want to restart prohibition because if we remove all alcohol from America there will never be another alcohol related murder???? Use your heads people...and if you can't comprehend anything beyond your political party or taking on the NRA then you need to go back to school or up your medication.  Either way work on changing you instead of others all the time.March 5, 2012 at 3:17 am | Reply Ozmodius(Sigh)I mean isn't it perplexing how people ever had societies before that had guns to "protect" them?The same old arguments OVER and OVER again...........A gun is just a tool? A tool for what? Why for shooting and wounding/killing things! Or am I missing something here?You ban all the guns and only the criminals will have guns? Really? How about we quit making SO many guns......limiting their production?If he wouldn't have had a gun, he would have used a knife? Yep! He would have somehow killed 3 people by knifing them or heck, he even could have ran up behind them and choked them all to death. Are you people serious?I need guns to protect myself from the government? Yep, that gun is sure going to stop that Armored tank!Car crashes kill more people than guns! Yep! BUT that is not the only purpose of car, right? And those are usually accidents, right? Most people are NOT killed by guns by accident! Why don't all you so-called gun lovers admit the truth! Owning guns, past a certain number like ONE, is really about how powerful and strong you feel when you hold it in your hands. It makes you feel "godlike!" "I can take someone's life with this, you whisper to yourselves!. It gives you a sense of power, of control over other people, doesn't it?YOU people DON'T want anyone taking that feeling away from you. And you will SHOOT anyone who tries to. Ironic, isn't it?March 5, 2012 at 5:25 am | Reply EarnanMSo what exactly would your "solution" accomplish?Never mind that this murder was commited with a single gun.Never mind that most murders and gun crimes involve only one gun.Never mind that law abiding gun owners may own many different guns because different guns are used for different purposes-a shotgun for docks, a .22 rifle for squirrels, a .30-06 rifle for deer, and none of those are much use for defense.No, you simply don't like guns.You're extremely unhappy that the Supreme Court booted the absolute bans in DC and Chicago-the sorts of laws you would like to have seen all across the US-and now you're clinging to the straw of hope that if absolute bans are forbidden, maybe you can slip a "no more than 1" ban past the Court.Well, they're not having any of it.Congress isn't having any of it.And We the People sure as hell aren't having any of it.The truth is that you want to control us.  Gun control is merely a means to that end.  And we're not going to allow that.  And if that means shooting, well, "MOLON LAVE!"March 5, 2012 at 8:23 am | Reply imperfectobscurityGreat post.  And the reply before mine shows what you are up against!  All I can say is "Good luck" to the sane US citizens.  I hope you can spot the heavily armed nutters out there.December 14, 2012 at 1:39 pm | Reply david marriottThis article cited supposedly easy access to guns as being one of the reasons why school shootings occur more in the U.S. than else where! Since our government is a major contributor of weapons (fast and furious) to street crime and the bad guys, perhaps we should get rid of them too!  ...another failed gun control law by our government isn't going to solve the problem either!March 5, 2012 at 5:33 am | Reply blucorsairEasy access to guns was cited as a reason for the U.S. to have higher school shooting incidents than other countries! If the liberals really believed in enforcing the law and putting these illegal gun suppliers behind bars, they could start with the Obama administrations "fast and furious" perpetrators!    ...but we all know that the law doesn't apply to Democrats!March 5, 2012 at 5:50 am | Reply SICKOFITIt's so sad to see most people on here blaming "guns".... Guns are inanimate objects,...Duh! The problems are numerous but I beleive the hopeless sence most kids have for their future could be a big part of it. Just look around, what kind of future do you think your kids will have? They probably aren't sane but when kids grow up in a world where the future seems hopeless.....bad things can happen.March 5, 2012 at 6:53 am | Reply Jacobthis is crap, gun control has nothing to do with it, its more fault with the school systems. when i was in highschool (graduated in 2006) we were still allowed to take guns to school durring hunting season as long as we talked to the office first and had them come get the weapon out of our vehicles to store in a safe in the school. no one ever made threats or guestures like they were going to shoot up the school. our school had a very strict hand when it came to bullying, hazing and the like. with how little the schools can do now in terms of punnishment, i think that is where all the problems stem fromMarch 5, 2012 at 7:50 am | Reply Gara56How about family life (or lack of)? As usual our society tries to look for problems elsewhere instead of home. I have to agree with a couple of other posterscan kids really go out there and gt a gun? No. It's incompetent parents who either make weapons accessible or purchase them or teach their kids how cool it is to use one. How about some home structure/support for your kid? Our kids have too much time on their hands and the media has made it much easier today to expose them to violence. Come-on CNNhow long has bullying been around? It just didn't happen yesterday. Another problemmany kids today have little to no respect for authority or rulesespecially in school. Many are disrespectful and don't listen to teachers. One big difference between today and 30+ yrs agoyou can't discipline (or expel) kids easily if they misbehave or don't follow the rulesmommy and daddy will come crying foul. Yesmy fellow citizensthis will get worst because we are not willing to accept responsibility for our kid's actions.March 5, 2012 at 8:19 am | Reply garden1because of no gun control, school shootings and shootings are prevalent in u.s. gun control is mandatory for u.s, in fact elimination of guns from civilians is mandatory and politics and lobbies for gun manufacturers and gun sales should be declared as illegal. u.s economy will not be affected by stopping gun manufacturing except for military use and police use. this will reduce crimes. in this regard u.s is moving towards her self destruction unless guns are banned from civilians..March 5, 2012 at 8:47 am | Reply EarnanMThe US Supreme Court says no.The US Congress says no.And the 80 million US citizens who own guns sure as hell says no.You want our guns?  Molon lave, you contemptible little worm.  Come and try to take 'em.  You'll get our bullets first.March 5, 2012 at 10:27 am | Reply Tyguns dont kill !!!!!!!!!!!!!! people do!!!!!!!!!!!!!! look how many people are killed everyday by drunk drivers, yet know one wants to outlaw alcahol, look howmany people die from ciigarette's yet they are not outlawed . it is a shame don't blame the tool, why are thier parents not watching and spending time with thier kids, talking about what is going on in their lives???March 14, 2012 at 11:29 pm | Reply ripple bayI just like the valuable information you supply in your articles. I'll bookmark your weblog and take a look at again here regularly. I'm moderately sure I'll learn a lot of new stuff right right here! Good luck for the following!April 2, 2012 at 2:33 am | Reply HDTrailer Abraham Lincoln VampirjgerUnquestionably believe that which you stated. Your favourite reason seemed to be on the internet the simplest factor to take note of. I say to you, I certainly get irked whilst folks consider concerns that they just don't recognise about. You controlled to hit the nail upon the top as smartly as defined out the entire thing without having side-effects , other folks can take a signal. Will likely be again to get more. Thank youApril 3, 2012 at 4:12 am | Reply Educational online gamesWoah this weblog is wonderful i love studying your posts. Keep up the good work! You recognize, many persons are hunting round for this information, you could help them greatly.April 17, 2012 at 4:05 pm | Reply dyanleeNope, not a democrat nor a Republican.  Just an ethical person who believes in letting what is right guide my life.  Wish others did the same.May 1, 2012 at 4:59 pm | Reply ivanI live in Balkan, we have a lot of violence, but do not have school shootings, and we never had it. Author of article needed to stick with the subject concerning school shootings, and not turn it into moralising about violenece worldwide. Different forms of violence appear in different societies. School shooting is characterized as something happening in America, although it happens worldvide. Poor article on this subject.June 4, 2012 at 4:54 am | Reply familyPretty great post. I simply stumbled upon your weblog and wanted to mention that I have truly enjoyed surfing around your blog posts. In any case I will be subscribing on your rss feed and I am hoping you write once more very soon!July 7, 2012 at 7:25 am | Reply EmmaBecause American gun laws are crap. Do you know how many school shootings have happened in Australia? None. There was ONE university shooting years ago. That's it. I know no one with a gun. Never seen or heard about anyone with one in my life. Because of our gun laws. Obama needs to sort his country out.July 23, 2012 at 4:34 am | Reply Sport MemorabiliaYou could certainly see your enthusiasm in the paintings you write. The arena hopes for more passionate writers like you who aren't afraid to mention how they believe. All the time follow your heart.July 27, 2012 at 6:31 am | Reply PoetryMy brother suggested I would possibly like this website. He used to be totally right. This publish truly made my day. You cann't imagine just how a lot time I had spent for this info! Thank you!August 28, 2012 at 12:24 pm | Reply cabodocHaving access to guns does not answer the question of why American students kill other students and their teachers..People that want to kill people will always do so.The fable of Cain and Able shows that to us.Why does American society produce killers should be the the question.Criminals will always have access to guns.Gun control will not limit the access to guns by criminals or people that want to kill others.Just as the war on drugs has not limited Americans access to drugs, there is no way to stop guns reaching the people that want to have them.Drugs, guns? Guns drugs? Any relationship?Guns don't kill people, people with guns or nuclear bombs kill people.September 16, 2012 at 2:16 am | Reply imperfectobscurityCain didn't use a gun to kill Abel.  But neither did he kill multiple victims.  A gun puts distance between the killer and victim.  A gun puts lethal force in the hands of a killer.  You don't hear of mass stranglings and even multiple stabbings are rare.  Guns are things that allow the insane to kill multiple innocent people in a matter of minutes.December 14, 2012 at 1:33 pm | Reply texas land foreclosureIt is actually a great and useful piece of information. Im glad that you shared this helpful info with us. Please stay us informed like this. Thanks for sharing.November 2, 2012 at 12:11 pm | Reply ErikGive all civillians in whole America 6 months at maximum to bring ALL weapons, firearms or whatever to the police stations.After 6 months the national ground law should be changed so it is illegal to keep guns. Only allow guns for shooting sport (need certificate, AND store weapon at clubhouse).So no fire arms at home anymore.Anyone who still has guns in his house, is illegal and is looking forward to scentence to prison for at least 1 year, en fined with say 10,000 US$.Even many gun accidents happen in normal houses, where kids play with real guns, Terrible things happen.Forbid guns and this willl likely not happen anymore.Guns are the most worse invention ever. Bad bad bad.December 14, 2012 at 1:01 pm | Reply SamOne of the main reason behind the violent tendency is violent video games that promote gun shootings. There should be strict rules put in place to restrict the access to the young audiences. Even parents should be educated, NOT to provide such access to young kids.December 14, 2012 at 1:02 pm | Reply imperfectobscurityWake up Americans!! You have too many guns, far too easily available and a Hollywood-fuelled culture that thinks that it's OK to use them.  Sadly, we Brits are getting the same disease.December 14, 2012 at 1:21 pm | Reply SamThis article is part of the problem.  Drugs and bad roll models are listed before access to guns as primary reasons why these shootings happen.  Oh, but then there's this with regard to drugs: "But the type of school shooting that occurs in the suburb is seldom connected to this urban issue."Urban issue?  Is that you're word for black people?  And if it is, aren't you aware that whites in the burbs use more drugs than black people do?  And since when has a single school shooter been high on drugs, or has had a serious hard drug problem?This idiocy is the same thing we saw during Columbine.  It's been over ten years and the press has learned nothing.December 14, 2012 at 1:21 pm | Reply SamCorrection: this was an editorial contribution.  Still, CNN is responsible for deciding which outside opinion articles ought to hover around the main story of a very important issue.December 14, 2012 at 1:24 pm | Reply Chuck17 The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God. This why America leds in school shootings and shootings at malls and moive houses.December 14, 2012 at 1:27 pm | Reply ArmandoWhy? Because anyone can buy a gun in the US, that's why. Simple and clear, even a 5 year old gets it.December 14, 2012 at 1:30 pm | Reply GmanI am a avid hunter, and there is no reason to have hand guns period. I hunt with a shotgun and a rifle and frankly I think assault weapons and hand guns should be banded. What's worse this this problem is the lovely video games that parents let their kids play, I was in a local BB yesterday and I saw a mother buying "Call of Duty" and one of the Grand Theft Auto games for her 6 year old. I mean come on people, monitor your kids and what they do or just don't have them, let them play outside instead of sitting inside looking at a TV screen and shooting things all day long.  Sam: your right on, the games made these days are way to violent, especially for kids who are still developing physically and mentally.December 14, 2012 at 1:33 pm | Reply Post a commentClick here to cancel reply.Name: (required)E-mail: (required, but will not be displayed)CNN welcomes a lively and courteous discussion as long as you follow the Rules of Conduct set forth in our Terms of Service. Comments are not pre-screened before they post. You agree that anything you post may be used, along with your name and profile picture, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and the license you have granted pursuant to our Terms of Service.Next entry Why we miss school shooting warning signs  Previous entryCan Saudi Arabia avoid an uprising? About usSubscribeTheGlobal Public Squareis where you can make sense of the world every day with insights and explanations from CNN's Fareed Zakaria, leading journalists at TIME and CNN, and other international thinkers. Join GPS editor Jason Miks and get informed about global issues, exposed to unique stories, and engaged with diverse and original perspectives.Most popularShould America try to be like Scandinavia?Name and shame China over North Korea launchNorth Korea hits its markWhy Asia is arguing over its islandsWhy does America lead the world in school shootings?Fareed Zakaria GPS TVEvery week we bring you in-depth interviews with world leaders, newsmakers and analysts who break down the world's toughest problems.CNN U.S.: Sundays 10 a.m. & 1 p.m ET |CNN International: Find local timesBuy theGPSmug|Books|Transcripts| AudioConnect onFacebook |Twitter |GPS@cnn.comBuy past episodes on iTunes!|Download theaudiopodcastFareed's TIME columnsCheck out all of Fareed's TIME columns here:Time to say 'danke'Bo Xilai and the return of politicsA region at war with its historyIncarceration nationHealth insurance is for everyoneSearch the Global Public SquareSearch for:Categories2012 Election Afghanistan Africa China Culture Daily Roundup Debt Crisis Economy Egypt Europe Foreign Policy From Fareed Global GPS Episodes GPS Show Innovation Iran Israel Libya Middle East Military Pakistan Politics President Obama Quiz Russia Syria Terrorism United Nations United States CategoriesSelect Category2012 Election(171)2013: What's Next?(4)Afghanistan(154)Africa(107)Aid(32)Amar's Take(2)Analysis(21)Animals(27)Arab Spring(26)Arms Trafficking(6)Asia(72)Australia(4)Bahrain(5)Barack Obama(45)Best of GPS(7)Book of the Week(15)Brazil(4)Budget(7)Building up America(7)Business(21)Canada(1)Central Asia(4)Chart(3)China(292)CIA(5)Civil War(6)Climate(18)Competitiveness(12)Conflict(17)Couch Potato Briefing(4)Covert Operations(12)Crisis(4)Cuba(9)Culture(101)Current Events(26)Daily Fact(16)Daily Roundup(211)Debate(22)Debt Crisis(103)Demographics(5)Development(37)Diplomacy(36)Drugs(12)East Asia(27)Economy(554)Education(42)Egypt(104)Elections(57)Emerging Powers(15)Energy(31)Environment(37)Ethics(9)Europe(223)Falkland Islands(1)Famine(9)Fareed's Take(65)Food(17)Foreign Policy(110)France(15)From Fareed(223)Germany(25)Global(167)Global Lessons(7)Governance(10)GPS Episodes(199)GPS Show(335)Greece(36)Health(51)History(14)Human Rights(39)Humanitarian intervention(11)Ideas(37)Immigration(24)India(45)Inequality(7)Innovation(98)Intelligence(11)Internet(44)Iran(242)Iraq(48)Islam(57)Israel(143)Italy(11)Ivory Coast(11)Japan(57)Jobs(80)Last Look(53)Latin America(37)Law(61)Libya(256)Listen up!(19)London Riots(5)Media(24)Mexico(12)Middle East(321)Military(226)Mitt Romney(35)Multilateral institutions(22)Myanmar(12)NATO(33)Natural Disaster(19)Nigeria(3)North Korea(49)Nuclear(47)Occupy Wall Street(8)Odd(82)Oil(41)Osama bin Laden(47)Pakistan(98)Palestinian Authority(71)Perspectives(51)Photos(5)Politics(240)Poll(60)President Obama(176)Protests(33)Q&A(34)Quiz(90)Reader Comments(19)Reader Q&A(15)Religion(7)Restoring the American Dream(3)Revolution(41)Russia(97)Rwanda(2)Saudi Arabia(45)Science(14)Security(55)September 11(10)Sex(25)Singapore(1)Somalia(10)South Africa(1)South Korea(7)Space(8)Spain(3)Sports(12)Spying(7)State-building(6)Strategy(60)Sudan(15)Syria(235)Taiwan(2)Taliban(38)Technology(65)Terrorism(167)Time(11)Time Magazine(26)Trade(4)Trends(5)Turkey(41)Uncategorized(55)Uncommon Ground(2)United Kingdom(45)United Nations(97)United States(689)Venezuela(11)Visualization(3)Water(3)Welcome(3)What in the World?(57)WikiLeaks(2)Women(26)Xenophobia(1)Yemen(37)Youth(23)Email SubscriptionEnter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.@fareedzakaria on Twitter About 1 million young people are set to join the workforce in #India every month for the next 20 years: ADB ow.ly/g5sSY @ADB_Manilafareedzakaria11:35 pm ET December 13, 2012RETWEETIn 1988, America was #1 in "where to be born" list. Now it is joint 16th. ow.ly/g5sKRfareedzakaria9:50 pm ET December 13, 2012RETWEETIt took U.K. 150 years to double per capita income; #India and #China set to do same in tenth of time: analyst bit.ly/UEbTatfareedzakaria2:13 pm ET December 13, 2012RETWEETMy take on the long-term outlook for deficits and debt: globalpublicsquare.blogs.cnn.com/2012/12/13/thefareedzakaria9:19 am ET December 13, 2012RETWEETRSS RSS - PostsWeather forecastHome | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | SportsTools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts  | CNN shop | Site mapCNN en ESPAOL | CNN Mxico | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion |  |  |  | CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved.Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertising practices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | HelpPowered by WordPress.com VIP