Inside the Middle East:    - CNN.com BlogsHome |Video |World |U.S. |Africa |Asia |Europe |Latin America |Middle East |Business |World Sport |Entertainment |Travel |iReportCNN TVSelect program------------------------------ ScheduleGLOBAL NEWS Connect The World International Desk News Stream World ViewNEWS FEATURES BackStory Eye On Impact Your World Inside Africa Inside the Middle East The Situation Room World's Untold StoriesBUSINESS NEWSGlobal Exchange Marketplace AfricaMarketplace Europe Marketplace Middle East Quest Means BusinessINTERVIEW and DEBATE African Voices Fareed Zakaria GPS Piers Morgan Tonight State of the Union Talk AsiaSPORTS Living Golf MainSail Open Court World SportLIFESTYLE CNNGo Eco Solutions Road to RioSCHEDULEANCHORSREPORTERSCONTACT USDecember 2, 2012Kim Kardashian Shakes BahrainPosted: 1150 GMTPHOTO: AFP/ GETTY IMAGESAmerican reality TV star and all-around celebrity Kim Kardashian can't seem to please anyone in the Middle East these days.Just weeks after causing a Twitter outrage with her comments on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Kardashian's appearance in Bahrain Saturday to open a branch of a milkshake franchise prompted street protests.While throngs of adoring fans paid up to $1,200 to attend her appearance at a mall in the tiny Gulf kingdom, about 100 hardline Islamists protested outside where,according to reports,police used stun grenades to disperse the crowd.One protestor held a particularly crude banner that read "Syria receives martyrs while Bahrain receives whores."Last Tuesday a group of conservative Bahraini parliamentarians put forth a proposal to ban Kardashian from visiting the country, citing her "bad reputation," but the motion gained no traction and was not put to a vote.PHOTO: AFP/ GETTY IMAGESThe buxom brunette, who is prolific on social media, paid no heed to the protests, instead focusing on her fawning fans and tweeting multiple photos of herself  seeming to take particular delight in all things camel  posingin front of camels in the desertand holding a glass of camel milk.During the official opening of Millions of Milkshakes at a mall south of the capital Manama,a local paper quoted her praising all things Bahrain  from its women: "I love the girls here; their make up and hair are beautiful"... to promoting the country as a tourist destination "People from the States should come here because the country and the people are so amazing and welcoming that I am planning to be back here on my vacation."However it was her praise for Bahrain's ruler that sparked an outpouring of angry responses on Twitter.Thanks Sheikh Khalifa for your amazing hospitality. I'm in love with The Kingdom of Bahrain @bu_daij70 Kim Kardashian (@KimKardashian) December 01, 2012Why is @KimKardashian promoting the Bahraini dictatorship? - analysis | IndexOnCensorship  uncut.indexoncensorship.org/2012/12/kim-ka WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) December 02, 2012Milkshakes with a hint of torture, flavored with teargas.. @kimkardashian delivers.. #bahrain #TearGasMilkShake Maryam Alkhawaja (@MARYAMALKHAWAJA) December 01, 2012The island nation has seen intermittent unrest since February 2011 as violent clashes have broken out between security forces and opposition protesters on numerous occasions, including government crackdowns thathave drawn the ire of international rights organizations.Just weeks ago, Kardashian stirred up another controversy in Twitter-verse by saying that she was "praying for Israel" during the eight days of Israel-Gaza violence that left over 150 people dead, the vast majority of them Palesitnian. She later tweeted that she was also "praying for Palestine," but the compounded backlash caused her to remove both tweets andapologize on her blog:"The fact is that regardless of religion and political beliefs, there are countless innocent people involved who didn't choose this, and I pray for all of them and also for a resolution."It may be asking too much to expect an American reality TV star to familiarize herself with the Middle East's political complexities.Political blunders aside, Kardashian has maintained her fan base in the region.@KimKardashian BAHRAIN LOVES YOU! Visit out country again and bring @SimonHuck with you! He misses his Noon By Noor team! Madridista (@Madridista_18) December 01, 2012If nothing else, she's got people talking.You know something just ain't right when even your aunts and uncles are tweeting about @KimKardashian #Bahrain Fatema Abuidrees (@FatemaAbuidrees) December 02, 2012Posted by: Schams ElwazerFiled under: BahrainSocial MediaShare this on:Twitterdel.icio.us | 33 Comments  |  Add a comment | PermalinkNovember 14, 2012Jerusalem's Holy Water WarsPosted: 949 GMTAFP/Getty ImagesIt's a story that combines three of the region's most critical issues  it's a dispute in Jerusalem, a dispute between Arabs and Israelis... and a dispute over water. All rolled into one, theChurch of the Holy Sepulchre, one of the most venerated sites in Christianity, has had its bank accounts frozen over $2.3 million of unpaid water bills, with monks threatening to close the church in protest.The church receives about a million pilgrims a year and stands at the site where Jesus Christ is believed to have been crucified and buried.The water bill is backdated fifteen years to the time when a new company took over the supply.For decades the church was exempt from paying water bills until the Israeli water company began pressing it to pay up a few years ago.Issa Musleh, spokesman for the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate of Jerusalem told the UK newspaperThe Guardian:"They have frozen our account. This is a flagrant act against the church.""The church is completely paralysed. We can't pay for toilet paper. Nothing. [The water company] Hagihon has declared war on us," a Patriarchate official told the Hebrew-language daily Maariv.In a statement to Maariv, Hagihon said it had been in talks for several years with church representatives with the aim of reaching a settlement of the debt. It was prohibited by the Israeli Water Authority from exempting any party from water charges, and more than 1,000 religious institutions in Jerusalem paid their bills regularly, it added.According to the English-language daily Haaretz, Greek Orthodox priest Isidoros Fakitsas said that the move has impaired the Church of the Holy Sepulchre to pay bills and salaries including500 priests and monks, 2,000 teachers and the running costs of over 30 Christian schools that the church runs in the Palestinian territories and Jordan.As a result, the church is considering closing for a day in protest, shutting the doors to pilgrims for the first time in centuries. The church is seeking international backing.As with all issues concerning the Holy City, the issue has become politicized within the wider Israeli-Palestinian conflict.If they want to cut water off then we will ask the pilgrims and visitors to bring their own water with them and we will explain to them what is happening so that they would know about the Israeli arbitrary policies being practiced against the holy places, Musleh told the Palestinian news agency WAFA.Jerusalem's Church of the Holy Sepulchre in massive dispute over water bill to Israeli water company. Scarily reflective of far wider view. Daisy Dumas (@daisydumas) November 11, 2012The church is no stranger to controversy. The most memorable incident is probablythe brawlbetween Armenian and Greek Orthodox monksa few years ago that police had to forcibly break up.Stay tuned to CNN for more coverage of this story out of Jerusalem.Posted by: Schams ElwazerFiled under: IsraelJerusalemReligionShare this on:Twitterdel.icio.us | 28 Comments  |  Add a comment | PermalinkNovember 11, 2012Kuwait's battle of the bulgePosted: 630 GMTClick to watch videoKuwait's love affair with fast food has become a health disaster for its population. CNN's Zain Verjee reports.Want to see more? Follow the showon Facebookfor all the latest from 'Inside the Middle East.'Posted by: Jon JensenFiled under: CultureFoodKuwaitUAEShare this on:Twitterdel.icio.us | 3 Comments  |  Add a comment | PermalinkNovember 8, 2012Kuwait Choppers builds with passionPosted: 756 GMTClick to watch video'Inside the Middle East' meets chop shop owner Hussain Salmeen, who builds and customizes bikes in Kuwait.Want to see more? Follow the showon Facebookfor all the latest from 'Inside the Middle East.'A rider outside Kuwait City's first and most famous chop shop for modified motorbikes from the US: http://t.co/cF6vfoyp Jon Jensen (@jonjensen) October 11, 2012Posted by: Jon JensenFiled under: CultureInside The Middle EastKuwaitVideoShare this on:Twitterdel.icio.us | 0 Comments  |  Add a comment | PermalinkOctober 28, 2012A Non-Pilgrim at the Hajj: A MemoirPosted: 1223 GMTAt entrance to Mecca, Saudi Arabia'Tis the Hajj season again  once a year the world views the iconic images of a sea of pilgrims dressed in white at Islam's holiest site, Mecca in Saudi Arabia, as more than 3 million people from around the world embark on thisancientpilgrimage. It is one of the pillars of Islam that all Muslims who are financially and physically able must perform this journey at least once in their lifetime.I've personally been to the Hajj three times-in 2005, 2006 and 2007  not as a pilgrim, but as a producer covering the event for CNN. It was one of the most logistically challenging assignments I've ever faced andone thatleft me with some of the more colorful and poignant memories of any story I have covered.Overlooking the Kaaba from our live position.The memories came flooding back as I watched the crowds at Mecca's Grand Mosque circling the Kaaba, the black cube shaped building. It is believed the Kaaba stands on the spot where Abraham built his first temple to God and, while the building itself is not sacred, it is a spiritual symbol. It is towards this direction that Muslims around the world orient themselves to pray five times a day. Hotel rooms around the region have a sticker somewhere with an arrow pointing towards the Kaaba so thevisiting faithful can know which way to pray. It isthe proverbialNorth in a Muslim's compass.These are not the accounts of a pilgrim, but one of the relatively few people who get to be AT the Hajj without being IN the Hajj.The World Passing ByIt seems logical to begin with the obvious. Sitting there on the white marble floor of the Grand Mosque, itwas difficult not be blown away by the diversity of the people passing by. Groups of Indonesians in crisp white wearing colored headbands for identification and moving in tight phalanx formations quietly chanting the mantra of the Hajj (which translates approximately to "Oh God, I have obeyed your call"). Groups of West Africans in colorful garb almost singing verses of Islam's Holy Book the Quran. Old Chinese couples, groups of blonde Europeans and Americans; it felt as ifwe wereliterally watching the entire world walk past. The effect was nothing short of hypnotic.The JabsEvery time Ireceived a call telling me I would be covering Hajj again, my first instinct was to immediately dread the vaccinations I would need. Although Viral Meningitis is the only vaccination legally required by Saudi Arabia, my doctor recommended getting an additional SIX : pneumonia, Tetatus, Hepatitis A, Typhoid, Diphtheria, Yellow Fever, and the run of the mill flu shot. Yet despite meticulously getting vaccinated AND constantly wearing a surgical mask around the crowds, there was not a year that the crew did not return home with the infamous "Hajj Flu." No, most doctors wouldn't call it that, but I'm convinced that gathering that many people from that many parts of the world at such close quarters forfivedays in the desertcreates some hybrid super-virus that has knocked me down every time. During one particularly rough year, I lost my voice  which, for a field producer, is the equivalent of a cameraman losing his camera. The solution? Twice a day, the hotel doctor came to give me cortizone shots to unclench my vocal chords so I could speak.The Devil's MakeoverOne of the key rituals of the Hajj is called the "stoning of the devil." Part of the cathardic process of the pilgrimage is to throw stones at three pillars known as the Jamaratsymbolizing arejection of the devil's temptation. This was also the most dangerous part of the ritual when it came to crowd control as 3 million people tried to throw stones at the same time at the same location. There have been many instances where people closer to the Jamarat have been killed or badly wounded by stones being lobbed by pilgrims further back. The Saudi Arabian authorities spent millions of dollars renovating the area, making it multi-layered like a garage instead of one flat plain, and renovating the pillars themselves that represent Satan. When I first visited Mecca, the "Devil" was an obelisque-like pillar but the renovations included replacing the structure (after much religious scholarly debate) with a wide oval wall-like structure with a much bigger surface area that was easier to hit. I recall one late night as we were shooting a story on the preparations, being driven out to the Jamarat area with a security escort as an engineer explained to us how the "Devil" had been remodeled. I couldn't resist taking a photo.The new "Devil" after renovation of Jamarat in 2006Foranyone wonderingwhere pilgrims get the stones, it's at the nearby desert location of Muzdalifa. (The math: 3 million pilgrims, throwing seven stones at each of three pillars  that's 63 million stones.) After every Hajj, the authorities collect all the stones that have landed at the foot of the Jamarat in Minaand take them back to the plain of Muzdalifa in anticipation of next year's pilgrimage, making sure to sift out any that are too sharp or too large.The Segregation ProblemSaudi Arabia is a religiously conservative country that practices a very strict interpretation of Islam, which includes that unrelated men and women should notmingle in private spaces. When you're a CNN crew, it means that the female reporter and producer technically can't be in the same room (or tent, once we're out in the desert) as the male cameraman. This is one of my very distinct memories  every year negotiating all manner of compromises to convince the authorities that the team all needed to share a work space. Various compromises included leaving the hotel room door wedged open at all times, leaving the tent flap open, sometimes having a token chaperone in the room in the form of a government minder or just occasionally being dropped in on to make sure we were actually working and not misbehaving in any way.I must note here that one thing I appreciate about the Hajj is that women and men all pray together and perform all the rites together (whereasmosques are segregated.)At Hajj, men andwomen areonly segregatedin theirsleeping arrangements.The Wardrobe MalfunctionWomen in Saudi Arabia, and female visitors, have to wear a long-flowing black robe (called an abaya) and a headscarf covering their hair. In many malls, hotels and restaurants in big cities like Jeddah and Riyadh, women can get away with removing their headscarves. But in Mecca, during Hajj, these rules are particularly strictly abided by. As a CNN crew, we often worked late hours or had requests to be available live during U.S. prime time hours which were very late at night local time  so sleep deprivation was a common companion. On one late night as we were frantically trying to make an edit deadline, I received a call from an interviewee bringing a video diary he had filmed of himself so we agreed to meet in the hotel lobby. I rushed down and walked out of the elevator and within a few seconds realized that every single person in that lobby was staring at me in horror. It took me a moment to soak in the terrifying realization that I had forgotten to throw on my abaya and headscarf and was donning only jeans, T-shirt and a pony tail... which is comparable to walking around the Vatican in a bikini. Needless to say, waiting for the elevator to come back down and take me up to the room was the longest 30 seconds of my life.The Day the Apocalypse ArrivedIt was the last day of the Hajj in 2005. We were in our hotel room overlooking the Grand Mosque as the pilgrims performed the final rites as they circled the Kaaba. The sky began to darken, the windows shook with the force of roaring thunder as torrential rains started pouring down. We went out among the crowds and the scene was almost movie-like. Exhausted pilgrims who had just reached the peak of their spiritual journey, caught up in the moment, started saying that Judgment Day had arrived and that we were witnessing the apocalypse. The grounds of the mosque were flooded, the tent city at Mina suffered landslides and several groups of pilgrims had to be rescued by chopper. On the roads, cars and buses were turned on their side in the middle of the road and it was utter chaos. It turned out not to be the apocalypse, but a sobering reminder of what can happen when a desert city without drainage infrastructure gets hit with torrential rains while 3 million people happen to be in town.The StampedeIn 2006, as the crew was headed to the airport thinking our assignment was over, we received word that a stampede had taken place. In people's rush to try to beat the crowds on the last day, the crowds got crushing that more than 350 people were trampled to death. We came back to the sounds of ambulance sirens wailing in warning and family members wailing in mourning. Just a few hours earlier the sense was one of collective euphoria as pilgrims completed their rites and were spiritually "cleansed" and ready to go home. Now the scene was chaos, blood, bodies shrouded in the same white cloths that they had performed their pilgrimage in. It was the deadliest day at Hajj in years. Subsequent pilgrimages have avoided similar disaster by spreading out the times that people can conduct the stoning ritual, carefully controlling the number of people at the Jamarat at any one time to avoid bottlenecks and overcrowding.Tears on the Plain of ArafatOverlooking the Plain of Arafat.Despite the tragedies... Despite the crowds (it could take half an hour to find a hotel elevator with enough room to fit a 3-person crew with equipment)... Despite the traffic (it could take 4 hours to travel a couple of miles and if it happened to be prayer time, everyone abandoned their vehicles and started praying on the streets)... Despite it all, the most powerful memory that stayed with me is standing on the plain of Arafat. The Day of Arafat is the spiritual culmination of the Hajj, the peak of spiritual cleansing as millions of people shed tearsas they prayed forGod's forgiveness for their sins.As media, we had access to the Saudi Television facility that had a high tower overlooking the entire plain. There is no sight more overwhelming than seeing waves and waves of people in white praying and crying in the most effusive expression of religious emotion I have ever witnessed. It is a day that people smile to each other through their tears, as if in disbelief that they're finally there, finally completing the journey of a lifetime, finally so close to God. It is a moving and powerful moment that this spectator will never forget.Posted by: Schams ElwazerFiled under: HajjIslamReligionSaudi ArabiaShare this on:Twitterdel.icio.us | 9 Comments  |  Add a comment | PermalinkOctober 23, 2012'Inside the Middle East' explores KuwaitPosted: 706 GMTHere's a look at our upcoming show:The growing epidemic of obesity in the oil-rich Gulf nations is explored in November's'Inside the Middle East'. Qatar, Bahrain and the UAE may be some of the wealthiest nations in the world, but they have also become some of the most obese.Host Zain Verjee visits Dubai to discover how increasing numbers of Emiratis are turning to stomach stapling surgery to shed their pounds before travelling to Kuwait, where more than 50 percent of the population are overweight. Verjee talks to the Kuwaiti people and learns how fast food, scorching year-round heat and rapid modernisation have all contributed to making this tiny gulf state the second fattest country on Earth.Staying in Kuwait,Inside the Middle Eastheads to the Iraq border where a different, but equally massive, problem is being faced by the fragile desert ecosystem.More than two decades after Saddam Husseins retreating troops set fire to Kuwaits oil fields, following the Gulf War, environmentalists are still trying to pick up the pieces.The programme also meets young Kuwaiti artist Hussain Salameen who is uniquely fusing design and technology to build some of the regions only chopper motorcycles.And it's a wrap for Inside the Middle East team in Kuwait. Watch CNN. @zainverjeecnn @jonjensen  yfrog.com/h67y2ydhj Paul Devitt (@cameramanCNN) October 12, 2012Posted by: Jon JensenFiled under: CultureHealthKuwaitUAEShare this on:Twitterdel.icio.us | 2 Comments  |  Add a comment | PermalinkOctober 3, 2012Moroccan food 101: how to cook lamb tajinePosted: 1149 GMTThis month on 'Inside the Middle East', host Leone Lakhani traveled to Morocco's culinary capital, Fes, for a lesson in how to cook homemade, authentic Moroccan food.In Fes, Lakhani met Lahcen Beqqi, who guides Moroccan and international tourists around his souq and kitchen, sharing his secrets to shopping, chopping, and eating like a local. At just 32-years-old, Beqqi is already known as one of the top chefs in Morocco.But what makes Moroccan cuisine so special?It has to do with the nation's geographical and historical position as a crossroads for a number of different cultures and and traditions, according to Beqqi."Moroccan cuisine, it's a multicultural cuisine. It brings together a lot of cultures, a lot of influences, from Berbers, Arabs, Jewish, French, and Mediterranean," Beqqi told CNN. "It's not only food... it's history when you put on the table and see all of these influences. It's very interesting."And very tasty.On the latest 'Inside the Middle East', Beqqi gave Lakhani step-by-step instructions to cook lamb tajine. The following recipe is for a similar meal, reprinted with permission fromBeqqi's "Lahcens Moroccan Recipes: ACollection of Easy and Light Variations on Some of the Finest Traditional Moroccan Recipes."Lamb, Prune, and Date TagineThis dish is a traditional Moroccan tagine. Because it is sweet and it includes dates, it is often served when a family has company over.For 3 people 12 kilo of a shoulder of lamb, or beef, or one small chicken  250 grams of dried prunes (around 30 prunes)  6 dates (pitted)  one big red onion, sliced 200 grams of roasted almonds  1 cinnamon stick  ginger  mrozia spice (ras lhanoot)  if available  1 pinch of saffron (pistils) salt (to taste)  pepper (to taste)Wash the prunes and put them in one liter of water. Let them sit. Put olive oil and lamb into a big pot, or tagine. Cook on a high flame, turning the lamb on all sides. Add ginger, cinnamon, onion, ras lhanoot and saffron. Turn down the flame to medium. Mix for one minute. Take the prunes out of the water and put them aside. Keep the water! Pour it into the pot with the lamb. Let the meat cook for 1 12 hours (or however long it takes to cook) on a low flame. Add salt and8pepper. Add the prunes and dates in the last 15 minutes. Add the almonds when you serve the dish.You can reach Beqqi through his website for more recipes or additional information.Want to see more? Follow'Inside the Middle East'on Facebook.Click to watch videoPosted by: Jon JensenFiled under: CultureInside The Middle EastMoroccoShare this on:Twitterdel.icio.us | 10 Comments  |  Add a comment | PermalinkOctober 2, 2012No women in IKEA Saudi cataloguesPosted: 1316 GMTSwedish furniture giant IKEA apologizedMonday for removing women from their catalogues distributed in their stores in Saudi Arabia.The free Swedish newspaper Metro published an article showing side-by-side images from the IKEA catalogue  in the Saudi version, a woman has been airbrushed out of the photo.In a statement, IKEA spokeswoman Ulrika Englesson Sandman said the company "regrets" the incidents and understands "why people are upset.""It is not the local franchisee that has requested the retouch of the discussed pictures" Sandman said." The mistake happened during the work process occurring before presenting the draft catalogue for IKEA Saudi Arabia. We take full responsibility for the mistakes made."Sweden has long been committed to gender equality and IKEA's marketing move sparked criticism at home that the company is breaching long held values regarding women's role in society.Trade Minister Ewa Bjorling told the Metro newspaper"It's impossible to retouch women out of reality."Sweden's European Union Minister Birgitta Ohlsson, apparently branded the incident as "medieval" in Swedish tweet.Saudi Arabia is a religiously conservative kingdom where women can't drive and need the permission of a male guardian to work or travel. When in public, women are required to cover their hair and wear a loose flowing robe called an abaya.It is also common for Saudi censors to black out magazine pages showing women's arms and legs, essentially using a permanent marker to add an abaya to models.The story sparked mixed reactions on social media ranging from outrage to lack of surprise...Astonishing move by Ikea - airbrushing women out of their catalogue?  Shame on you!  abc.net.au/news/2012-10-0 #ikea Julia Gosling (@orchid) October 02, 2012Being forced to wear abaya & often pressured to cover the face feels to me like basically being air-brushed out of real life. #IKEA #Saudi Bint Battuta (@BintBattuta87) October 02, 2012 @nojesguiden: Why's everyone so upset about #ikea editing away women from photos? "They do it all the time"  nojesguiden.se/blogg/soran-is Micha Woniak (@rysiekpl) October 02, 2012Why is everyone so shocked that #Ikea removed women from its catalogue? Every single brand out there does it. It's the law. Raja Farah (@ohmyhappiness) October 02, 2012Posted by: Schams ElwazerFiled under: Saudi ArabiaWomenShare this on:Twitterdel.icio.us | 11 Comments  |  Add a comment | PermalinkSeptember 30, 2012'Inside the Middle East' explores MoroccoPosted: 736 GMTClick to watch videoHere's a short preview of our upcoming episode, which focuses on Morocco.Want to see more? Follow the show on Facebook for all the latest from 'Inside the Middle East.''Inside the Middle East' travels to #Morocco. @LeoneCNN meets a controversial rapper & tastes typical cuisine! VIDEO:  on.cnn.com/Q7nTjI CNN International PR (@CNNprUK) September 28, 2012Posted by: Jon JensenFiled under: Inside The Middle EastMoroccoVideoShare this on:Twitterdel.icio.us | 2 Comments  |  Add a comment | PermalinkSeptember 20, 2012'Inside the Middle East' travels to MoroccoPosted: 715 GMT'Inside the Middle East'wrapped shooting in Morocco this week, and the team is now preparing the program's 104th episode, which airs on October 3rd.Check with ourcolleagues at theCNN Press Roomfor more information and the air dates and times.Here's a brief synopsis of the upcoming show:In October,'Inside the Middle East'travels to Morocco, the North African kingdom located on the western edge of the Arab world.In a nation where nearly half of those between the ages of 15 and 29 are either unemployed or out of school, frustration at the lack of opportunities is mounting. Some young Moroccans took to the streets over the past year to protest these realities while others took to the recording studio to speak out  both of which come with risk. One Moroccan rapper, El Haqed, was imprisoned earlier this year because of his lyrics. Show host Leone Lakhani meets several young rappers  from Casablanca to Tangiers  to hear some of the sounds of Moroccos urban rage.'Inside the Middle East' also journeys to the southern stretches of Morocco's Atlantic coastline, to the traditional Berber city of Agadir. Berbers were the first inhabitants of North Africa, and many still follow older customs and practice ancestral crafts. One of these  a beauty oil made from Argan tree seeds  is quickly becoming all the rage among celebrities and high-end shoppers in the West. Lakhani meets one Moroccan who is helping to produce the oil  and jobs for women in the country.And what trip to Morocco would be complete without tasting the nation's world-famous cuisine? The team heads north to Fes, Morocco's culinary capital, to receive cooking lessons from Lahcen Beqqi, a top chef who has figured out how to blend traditional cooking with modern techniques.Want to see behind-the-scenes pictures from our shoots? Become a fanof the show on Facebook.Posted by: Jon JensenFiled under: GeneralInside The Middle EastMoroccoShare this on:Twitterdel.icio.us | 2 Comments  |  Add a comment | PermalinkPrevious articlesAbout this blogWelcome to the Inside the Middle East blog where CNN's journalists post news, views and video from across the region. This is also a place where you can start the discussion so please keep your comments coming. We highlight not only current news stories but also anecdotes and issues that don't always make the top of the headlines.Read more about CNN's special reports policyRecent PostsKim Kardashian Shakes BahrainJerusalem's Holy Water WarsKuwait's battle of the bulgeKuwait Choppers builds with passionA Non-Pilgrim at the Hajj: A Memoir'Inside the Middle East' explores KuwaitMoroccan food 101: how to cook lamb tajineNo women in IKEA Saudi catalogues'Inside the Middle East' explores Morocco'Inside the Middle East' travels to MoroccoWatch the showInside the Middle East airs the first week of every month on the following days and times:Wednesday: 0930, 1630,Saturday: 0430, 1830,Sunday: 1130 (All times GMT)    Related Links   Inside the Middle EastCNN.com International Edition  CNN International TV International DeskMarketplace Middle East blogAll CNN.com BlogsCategoriesIsrael (218)Video (150)Iraq (112)CNN Coverage (84)Gaza (99)ArchiveDecember 2012November 2012October 2012September 2012August 2012July 2012June 2012May 2012February 2012January 2012December 2011November 2011August 2011July 2011June 2011May 2011April 2011March 2011February 2011January 2011December 2010November 2010October 2010September 2010August 2010July 2010June 2010May 2010April 2010March 2010February 2010January 2010December 2009November 2009October 2009September 2009August 2009July 2009June 2009May 2009April 2009March 2009February 2009January 2009December 2008November 2008Weather forecastHome | Video | World | U.S. | Africa | Asia | Europe | Latin America | Middle East | Business | World Sport | Entertainment | Tech | Travel | iReportTools & Widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN Mobile | My Profile | E-mail Alerts | CNN Radio | CNN Shop | Site map | CNN Partner HotelsCNN en ESPAOL | CNN Mxico | CNN Chile | CNN Mxico |  |  |  |  2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved.Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | License our content | About us | Contact us | Work for us | HelpCNN TV | HLN | TranscriptsPowered by WordPress.com VIP