Adam Lanza and Autism: An Unfortunate Connection | Autism Key HomeAboutAutism SymptomsAutism OrganizationsMessage BoardsAutism JewelryArticlesContactAdam Lanza and Autism: An Unfortunate ConnectionPosted on December 15, 2012 by Gary G. Porter ABC NewsWhile still in shock and disbelief from yesterdays deadly school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, I was closely following a real-time feed from ABC when the following was posted to its timeline:"Ryan Lanza, 24, brother of gunman Adam Lanza, 20, tells authorities that his younger brother is autistic, or has Asperger syndrome and apersonality disorder. Neighbors described the younger man to ABC as odd and displaying characteristics associated with obsessive-compulsivedisorder."My heart sank after reading this update as I immediately knew yet again, those within the autism community, including myself, would have their work cut out for themselves in educating a misinformed public due to yet another high-profile case involving violence and Aspergers syndrome (a high-functioning form of autism). Case-in-point, The Independent, one of Britians national newspapers, reported this morning that Lanza possibly suffers from Aspergers disease.In January of this year, there was the Los Angeles arson case and then in July, there was the Aurora movie theatre massacre. Now, unfortunately, we have another instance in which autism and violence are being mentioned in the samebreath. This time, however, it is now tied to one of the most heinous acts of mass murder carried out in American history. Its important to note that in all three of these cases, each of the suspects were thought to have Aspergers by the media and others. I have yet to see any reports from an actual physician or psychologist confirming these armchair diagnoses.While the facts of the Newtown school shooting are still emerging, its appearing that Lanza may have had a host of psychological and emotionalissues. However, if a high-functioning autism diagnosis is eventually confirmed, everyone needs to remember the following: Adam Lanza carried out these horrific acts in spite of his Aspergers, not because of it.As investigators begin to peel away the layers from this young mans life, I think well learn that many other underlying factors contributed to hisactions. I refuse to speculate what those might be, lest I be guilty of stereotyping others (divorce victims, gamers, etc.) the same way autistics have been stereotyped thus far, both in this case and others.Additionally, there is no evidence to suggest that those with autism or Aspergers syndrome have a propensity to commit violent crimes. In fact, one study actually disproves this theory altogether and demonstrates that those with autism spectrum disorders are no more likely to commit crimes than their neurotypical counterparts (Barnhill, 2007; Griffith, 10 May 2006).Further adding to the confusion, the American Psychiatric Association is set to release its DSM-V (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition) in May of next year. This is considered the standard-bearer for classifying and diagnosing mental disorders. In it, Asperger syndrome has been completely removed as a separate condition and merged together with other forms autism spectrum disorders (ASDs). This will undoubtedly further muddy the waters when it comes to the general publics view on autism, what it is and how it affects those who have it.My son, who has been diagnosed with high-functioning autism, currently attends a mainstream school. My fear is that due to the incessant mediareporting about Adam Lanzas possible autism, many of his teachers and fellow students will, through no fault of their own, subconsciously look upon him with an element of distrust, speculating whether or not he too is capable of committing similar acts of violence.The autism community is finally starting to emerge from the "Rain Man" shadow that was cast nearly 25 years ago and the last thing we need is a new stereotype that paints those with the autism as mass murders. We have too many other battles to fight and do not need this one as well. Its my hope that the media will begin to responsibly report on the Connecticut school shooting and its potential autism connection in the coming days and weeks ahead.A good start would be to properly reference autism as a disorder and not a disease. Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name *Email *WebsiteComment You may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>  Click Above to be Notified of Follow-Up Comments via E-MailLike Us on Facebook:About the Authors Read More  Recent Articles Adam Lanza and Autism: An Unfortunate ConnectionHoliday Message to Autism ParentsMSNBC Host Suggests Colorado Shooter James Holmes Has AutismAutism Conference to Shed Light on Treatment OptionsPost Tags Tag CloudTerms & Privacy Policy All information in this site is presented for support and educational purposes only. It is not intended to substitute for medical treatment or visiting a licensed medical physician. Visitors who desire to apply or use any information listed herein are urged to consult with licensed healthcare professionals first. All information is deemed reliable but its accuracy can't be guaranteed.Read our full TERMS AND CONDITIONSRead our PRIVACY POLICYDid You Know? * In 1970, Autism affected 1 out of 10,000 children* Autism now affects 1 out of 88 children* Autism affects 1 in 54 boys* 1.7 million Americans have some form of autism* 4 out of 5 autistic children are boys* Autism has an annual cost of $90 billion worldwide* The estimated healthcare costs of someone with autism over their lifetime is $3.2 million Latest Article EntriesHoliday Message to Autism Parents December 14, 2012For those of you who followed my articles in the past, you will know Ive been out of the autism loop for a while, consumed by the affairs of my immediate family of sixteen-year-old twin sons with high functioning autism. Having seen them to their junior year of high school, I can tell all of [] Copyright  2012 Autism Key - All Rights ReservedHome - AutismSymptoms - Autism Videos- Autism Organizations- Autism MessageBoards - Articles - AutismRecipes - Hyperlexia - FragileX - Autism Jewelry - Tag Cloud - AQ Test - Contact