Police Hope to ID Victims, Shooter in Newtown Killings Saturday - Newtown, CT Patchpatching...Editor Davis Dunavin davis.dunavin@patch.com44Current weatherTODAY|44 FMostly sunny. Highs in the lower 40s. Southeast winds around 5 mph.HourlyDetailedRadarSUN3734MON4536TUE4732WED4129THU4128FRI39--AdminPatch NewsletterNearbyMonroe PatchSouthbury PatchBethel PatchBrookfield PatchOxford PatchShelton PatchWeston-Redding-Easton PatchDanbury PatchSee moreJoinSign InProfileAccountNewslettersLog OutHomeNewsBrowse NewsArtsBusinessElectionsGovernmentObituariesOpinionPolice & FireSchool NewsSportsHoliday Guide 2012House & HomeNewtown School Shootings: News HubPatch ReadsReaders' Choice Newtown 2012AnnouncementsLocal VoicesEventsBrowse EventsArt & EntertainmentAwarenessCharitableClasses & LecturesFairs & FestivalsFamilyFood & DrinkGarage SalesGovernmentGraduationHalloweenLove ItMusicOrganizationsOutdoorPatch ReadsPatch's House & HomeReal EstateReligiousSchool EventsSports & RecreationTheaterValentine's Day GuideWeddingDirectoryBrowse DirectoryArts & EntertainmentAutomotive & BoatingCommunity ResourcesFood & DiningGovernmentHealthNightlifeReal EstateSchoolsServicesShoppingSports & FitnessTravel & TransportationSeasonal BusinessesHometown PartnersInsuranceReaders' ChoiceRestaurant ReviewsPics & ClipsHolidaysReal EstateCommuteJobsVolunteerGrocery SpecialsBreaking:Police: No Motive Emerging in Newtown School ShootingWelcome back, Patch Blogger!Make Patch better! Take our survey:OK|Sorry, maybe next time(survey will open in a new window)Police & Fire, SchoolsPolice Hope to ID Victims, Shooter in Newtown Killings SaturdayConnecticut state police say an investigation is underway to piece together what motivated the gunman that killed 20 children, six adults and himself Friday morning.ByDavis Dunavin, Harold F. Cobin, Michael Dinan, Aaron Boyd, Gary Jeanfaivre, Barbara Heins, and Katie Ryan O'ConnorEmail the authorsDecember 14, 2012TweetEmailPrint506 Comments Back to ArticlenewEmbed|SharecontextPhotos (19)PhotosCreditAaron BoydCreditHoa NguyenCreditHoa NguyenCreditAaron BoydCreditGary JeanfaivreCreditGary JeanfaivreVideos (4)VideosCreditAaron Boydhttp://o2.aolcdn.com/dims-shared/dims3/PATCH/resize/273x203/http://hss-prod.hss.aol.com/hss/storage/patch/106bc68420d49c558c4d7c81b6d7fbeCreditGary Jeanfaivrehttp://o1.aolcdn.com/dims-shared/dims3/PATCH/resize/273x203/http://hss-prod.hss.aol.com/hss/storage/patch/4480c6d55727e112319dfa6aaa33289bCreditAaron Boydhttp://o4.aolcdn.com/dims-shared/dims3/PATCH/resize/273x203/http://hss-prod.hss.aol.com/hss/storage/patch/67f8f930c94da1ee0cd4cc2539a2814dCreditAaron Boydhttp://o1.aolcdn.com/dims-shared/dims3/PATCH/resize/273x203/http://hss-prod.hss.aol.com/hss/storage/patch/e1f408494bdc14acf9c792236c4dfa79Upload Photos and Videos|Search Patch Archivehttp://newtown.patch.com/articles/reports-of-shooting-at-sandy-hook-elementary-school/media_attachments/edit?upload_started=1355597026asset[new_asset_attachment_attributes][to_id]2995735asset[new_asset_attachment_attributes][to_type]Articlearticle[new_asset_attachment_attributes][user_id]new_asset_attachment_attributesUpdate 8:20 a.m., Dec. 15Newtown police say investigators do not have a motive for the gunman  and will not release the shooter's name or the names of the children  killed Friday. More information is available here, an article Patch will update throughout Saturday with new developments from Newtown.Update 8:08 p.m., Dec. 14Saying officials will identify all victims in the mass killings at a  Newtown elementary school including the shooter, who took his own life  on Saturday, state police called the days shocking events  heart-wrenching.No parents have been given access to the inside of Sandy Hook  Elementary School, where the bodies of 18 children, six adults and  suspected gunman Adam Lanza remain, Lt. J. Paul Vance of the Connecticut  State Police said Friday night at a press conference. Two other  children died after they were transported to a nearby hospital.All family members of the deceased have been notified, Vance said.A press conference is scheduled for 8 a.m. Saturday, Vance said.Vance spoke in general terms of the investigation into the shooter,  whom multiple media outlets have identified as Lanza, citing police  sources.At this point we are confident that we have the shooter, Vance said.All of that shooters relatives have been identified and contacted,  Vance said. Lanzas brother had been detained earlier in the day Friday,  within hours of the shooting, which started at approximately 9:40 a.m.  Their mother has been confirmed among those killed, as has the schools  principal, Dawn Hochsprung.I think what we have got to do is  look at all the history, Vance  said of the police investigation. We will go backwards and hopefully  stumble on answers.Update 7:10 p.m.Twenty-year-old Adam Lanza, whose older brother had been detained by  police in New Jersey earlier Friday, has been identified as the gunman  in Newtown who killed 20 children, six adults and himself, according to the Huffington Post.Citing multiple media outlets including CNN, the Huffington Post said  many media organizations had relied on inaccurate information to report  the shooter as Adam Lanzas brother earlier in the day. As reported by Patch, the brother Ryan Lanza now is grieving not only for his brother but also their mother.David Owens, a Hartford Courant reporter, said during a TV interview that police sources say other people outside of the school may also have been killed by the gunman.Update 6:15 p.m.Calling Friday mornings fatal shootings of 27 people at a Newtown  elementary school, including 20 children, unspeakable and tragic,  Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said during a press conference moments  ago that its too early to talk about recovery.What each parent, each sibling, each member of [affected families]  has to understand is that in Connecticut we are all in this together to  do whatever we can to overcome this event, Malloy said. We will get  through it.Update 5:11 p.m.State police confirmed that one person was responsible for the  shooting deaths of 20 children and six adults, saying the gunman has  been tentatively identified but declining to identify the shooter.We will identify the shooter at an appropriate time, Lt. J. Paul  Vance of the Connecticut State Police said during a 5 p.m. press  conference Friday. Just for our investigatory purposes its not  appropriate right now.We will leave no stone unturned as we are looking at every facet of  this investigation, Vance said, adding that police would hold another  briefing around 6 p.m.Vance confirmed that local, state and federal officials responded to  the shocking incident in this normally peaceful southwestern Connecticut  town, including an FBI crisis team. Counseling has been made available  not only to affected families but also to first responders on scene.We provided counseling for the first responders, because this was a  very tragic, horrific scene that we encountered, Vance said.The gunman shot and killed himself, Vance said.Update: 3:50 p.m.The actions of one gunman  27 lives lost."This is an active ongoing investigation"Connecticut State Police  Lt. Paul Vance said at an afternoon press conference Friday, updating  the assembled media about the state of the investigation into the  shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School.Vance confirmed the death toll: 20 children, 6 adults, including the  shooter, and one adult victim at a "secondary scene" in Connecticut.But in response to multiple questions from press, Vance said at one point: "There are a lot of things we cannot confirm."He did offer the beginning of a basic timeline, saying the first call came in at around 9:30 a.m."Officers immediately entered the school to search for students,  faculty and staff and remove them," he said. "They did search every nook  and cranny...Those who were rescued were taken to a staging area."The school is now secure. Two rooms of the school appeared to be the gunman's focus."It is not a simplistic scene," Vance said. "We will be here through  the night and through the weekend. We are not putting a time stamp on  this process."The secondary local crime scene may well be thisinvestigation in the Sandy Hooksection, the only other known center of police investigation in Newtown right now.Vance is expected to give another update in about an hour.Update: 3:38 p.m.Patch exclusive: The man identified in media reports  Friday as the shooter has told friends that he thinks his  developmentally disabled brother may have committed the crime, Patch has  learned.A close friend of Ryan Lanza who would not be identified told Patch that he spoke to Lanza as Lanza_________________________________________________________________________________________More links to Newtown Patchs coverage here:Shooting Prompts Religious Leaders to Host Special Prayer Services'In Sheer Shock'  Newtown Community Seeks News, UpdatesReaction: Sandy Hook School ShootingPolice Raid Sandy Hook Home Hours After Shooting[PHOTOS] Newtown School ShootingNewtown      Principal Remembered as 'Warm,' 'Selfless'Ryan      Lanza, Wrongly Named As Mass Murderer, Left To Grieve_________________________________________________________________________________________made his way home from work to Hoboken. Lanza also took to his  Facebook page to rail against CNN naming him as the suspect in the  shooting in Newtown, Conn.Im on the bus home now, it wasnt me, Lanza wrote.Lanzas mother, Nancy, is believed to be among the dead. [Note: Nancy  Lanza originally had been reported to be a teacher at the school, but  that is not true, according to CNN.]Patch was among the media outlets to highlight and link to reports  naming Ryan Lanza as the alleged shooter. Police haven't yet officially  confirmed the identity of the gunman.Meanwhile, saying that parents across the United States will hug  their children a little tighter Friday night after the mornings  shocking shooting deaths of elementary school kids in Newtown, President  Barack Obama told the nation that it must come together.During a press conference that ended moments ago, Obama said our  hearts are broken for those that lost loved ones at Sandy Hook  Elementary School during a tragedy whose cause and suspected  perpetrators remain unclear.Our hearts are broken for the parents of the survivor as well, as  blessed as they are to have their children home tonight, they know their  childrens innocence has been torn away from them too early, Obama  said.Update: 3:18 p.m.Gov. Dannel Malloy is scheduled to hold a press conference at 3:30 p.m. Friday. Malloy, who met with parents,has received an offer of federal assistance from President Obama.Original story:Citing sources, the Associated Press is reporting the gunman who  rampaged through the Sandy Hook Elementary School was armed with four  guns including a high-powered rifle and is believed to have shot and  killed up to 30 people including 18 children. The death toll could  rise.Investigators have identified the gunman as a man in his 20s from  Connecticut and they are searching his fathers home in New Jersey,  according to WABC Channel 7. The hometown was not immediately  identified. According to Connecticut State Police spokesman Lt. Paul  Vance said the gunman was found dead inside the school.Friday afternoon distraught parents continued to wait to be reunited  with their children. After meeting with parents of the students, Gov.  Dannel Malloy is now at the school. Authorities said much information  will not be released until the relatives of the victims are notified.Channel 7 also is reporting the President Obama has telephone Malloy  to express condolences and to offer any federal assistance needed in the  investigation of the shooting that was first reported to Newtown Police  just before 9:30 a.m. Friday.A fourth-grade student at Sandy Hook Elementary School said he and  his  classmates were locked in a closet in the gym to escape the  gunman. In  an interview with Channel 7, the student said, the police  came and .  We ran to the firehouse.Update: 1:25 p.m.Press conference is still at least an hour away, an official just told Patch.Update: 1:20 p.m.The community is in "sheer shock."Read our interviews with Newtown residents as they try to make sense of the violence.Update: 1:00 p.m.Citing an anonymous official "with knowledge" the Associated Press is reporting 27 people dead including 18 childrenat Sandy Hook Elementary School.The shooter is believed to be a single adult and is now dead.Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy is in Newtown and a press conference set for 1 p.m. but hasn't yet begun. Patch is there.Original StoryOfficials in Newtown say they're trying to reunite parents with their  children in the wake of a shocking multiple shooting at an elementary  school in the towns Sandy Hook neighborhood.First Selectman Pat Llodra told Patch that there is no information being released about the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting  only confirming that there was a shooting."I'm horrified, saddened and shocked that this happened in Newtown,"  Llodra said. "Our priorities right now are making sure everyone safe and  reuniting parents with their children."A reverse 911 call went out to all Newtown public school parents, NBC  is reporting. Parents are converging all around the school seeking  information about their children.One mother of an 8-year-old girl at the school, Brenda Lebinski, told  Patch that her daughter is safe thanks to one teacher's decision to  move all kids into a closet when a gunman had entered the building.Lebinski said that she had spoken to her daughter's teacher as well  as a volunteer who was in the school at the time of the shooting, and  that a masked gunman had shot adults in the school."My daughter's teacher is my hero," Lebinski said. "She locked all the kids in a closet and that saved their lives."According to Lebinski, the school had been on lockdown but police  started leading out children and faculty members by class, and several  children had blood on their clothing as they were led out. It isn't  clear how many kids are still inside the school. Parents continue to  surround the area, seeking news of their children.Christine Wilford, a parent of a seven-year-old boy at the school,  told Patch that her son was out of the school and safe with her husband.  A woman standing next to Wilford burst into tears, saying her own son  was still inside.Danbury Hospital has confirmed to TV reporters that three patients have been transported by ambulance.The Hartford Courant is reporting multiple injured parties, saying a shooter had been in the buildings  main office and an individual in one area had numerous gunshot wounds,  police said.State police reported shortly after 12 p.m. that officials from the state Medical Examiner's Office were en route to the scene.At a fire station near the school that's serving as a staging area, a  woman was being wheeled on a gurney as a helicopter circled overhead  and armed officials from multiple state and federal agencies moved  beyond a cordoned-off area swarmed by parents. Dozens of parents could  be seen walking to the school as motor vehicle traffic snarled the area  of Dickinson Drive.Marilyn Gudsnuk, 52, of nearby Southbury said she heard 10 to 12  gunshots around 9:40 a.m. Gudsnuk, who attended the elementary school  herself as a childhood, said she is taking care of a 91-year-old  resident who lives across the street from the school."I took off running into the house," she said. "I didn't know what was happening. It was scary."Asked whether she imagined a shooting could happen at her former school, Gudsnuk said, "Never in a million years.""I just pray for these people," she said. "The anguish they are going through. And all because someone's not right in the head."One man who identified himself as a cable worker and declined to give  his name, told Patch that he was up on a utility pole at the time of  the shooting. When he heard shots, the man said he thought they it was  hunters, but then in a few minutes emergency response vehicles sped  beneath his ladder.Newtown Patch will post more information here as it becomes available.Claire Moses contributed this report.Related Topics:Newtown school shooting, Sandy Hook Elementary School, Shooting at School in Newtown, and Shooting in NewtownEmail me updates about this story.[["validates_email_format_of",{"message":"Enter a valid email address e.g. janedoe@aol.com."}]]Website:Thanks. We'll email you the next time we update this story.TweetEmailPrintSubmit tip506 Commentsrick t10:42 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Is everyone out of the school? 10:42am?ReplyUrgent10:53 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Please Patch, we need to know if anyone was hurt. Thank you.Replyjoep11:24 am on Friday, December 14, 2012The report says three were taken to Danbury Hospital by ambulance.DT5:07 pm on Friday, December 14, 201227 ARE DEAD.Chris Roumanis11:02 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Schools are on lockdown. It's been a few years since I was in school, but as I recall lockdown means they keep teaching at other schools but no one in or out. Sending kids home would mean telling the kids what's going on, and they don't seem to like doing that. Heck, they told teachers NOT to share what was happening on 9/11 (I was in NMS).....ReplyCaitlin D11:40 am on Friday, December 14, 2012College freshman here. Lockdown means that all students stay in their/go to a nearby classroom, turn off the lights, and sit out of view of all windows in the room. In addition to not letting anyone leave, students are discouraged from using their phones, to prevent incorrect rumors and speculation from leaking to parents.LW2:00 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I have worked in the public school system for 15 yrs. During a lock down, the primary focus ios keeping the kids - especially young kids, calm and quiet. Lights are off. The concept isto try and make the classroom look as empty as possible.  Giving out too much information or guessing only creates more anxienty.  Why would you want to put any stdent through that when theuy are already in a lock down?  As staff our priority is to keep your kids calm and safe at the risk of our own lives.mrvrnj4212:04 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I think it varies from school to school...my school was immediately told about 9/11LW2:07 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012@mrvrnj421: you are totally right. It depends on the schools and the events.  And when the kids are told it is a lock down, they have a pretty good idea why just because of the practice drills. In a drill we explain to the kids what situations would require a school lock down and why it is so important.mrvrnj4212:12 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I can only imagine being a child in a situation like this...unfathomable.Patricia Fountain7:04 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012When Kennedy was shot I was in 6th grade.  The teacher came in the classroom and told us just a few seconds before the announcement came over that 'today's event' should not be shared with the children.  It's likely a tactic to give teachers and others, including parents time to adjust and prepare to do their best with the kids emotions.  The young lady who survived Columbine didn't go back to school for years and had multiple drug and other problems.  These poor kids, and their parents, too, are SO young.  I pray that it will not wreck all of their lives.Jenn W.11:09 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Cnn says Child reportedly taken from scene by ambulance with serious injuries...these are kids under 10, for the love of all that is sacred...ReplyUrgent11:10 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Sorry, I wasn't clear in my first post. I needed to know if any of the students were hurt. Now I see the answer. Oh dear god, what just happened!ReplyKeith E6:24 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Dear Urgent.  Why don't you step away from your computer and turn on the TV.simon11:12 am on Friday, December 14, 2012When do you realize weapon should not be allowed for ordinary people - individual rights or not. No one should be allowed to carry weapons beside the police.Replydave11:17 am on Friday, December 14, 2012When will you realize that firearms and other weapons will always be available to criminals regardless of how many laws you put in place.  Evil minded criminals will ALWAYS find a way to do evil, and criminals by their very nature do not obey laws.jshell11:34 am on Friday, December 14, 2012If there was one armed, law abiding citizen in that school, this may have been averted -- instead they have to WAIT for the police.victoriam11:48 am on Friday, December 14, 2012@dave there's a difference between the criminals you're talking about and the kind who commit these sorts of acts. yes, gangs will find ways around gun laws, but if there were more checks put into place for the average citizen to buy a gun, then we might be able to weed out the mentally disturbed lone gunmen types and get them the psychiatric help they need before this happens.Jim Dish12:17 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012"If there was one armed, law abiding citizen in that school, this may have been averted -- instead they have to WAIT for the police."MAY have been averted, or MAY have shot an innocent person. Individual gun owners are generally not trained to the extent necessary to deal with these situations. Some are downright dumb. A guy shot his baby in the parking lot of a gun store last week. Would the son of the father in New Fairfield been shot? What if 29 law abiding citizens had guns? Would they have shot each other? Left a gun within reach of a 6th grader with a grudge? We have more guns per capita than most other countries by a huge margin - and more gun violence to go with it.Rosemary C.12:19 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Tougher gun laws are  a must.  Guns are too easy to obtain. But the stupidest comment I have heard in years was by jshell. Let's put guns in the schools so we can have shootouts in the future. How many kids would die under that scenario jshell?What a stupid comment,Jim Dish12:33 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012JShell thinks he's in a movie where the good guy makes the big shot and runs through a hail of bullets. In a hail of bullets innocent people die. Wake up from your dream and confront the nightmare that is happening in this country. Can't escape the shootings in our homes, our schools, our churches, malls you name it. If we really screened and trained people uniformly throughout the country and toughened the laws we could make progress and protect people's rights at the same time. Unfortunately the gun manufacturers and NRA have bought themselves a government to protect their profits at the expense of our children.JIM MCGOVERN12:48 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012and then we'd be like china or maybe outlaw cars people get killed that way tooJeff12:58 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012When we become a police state ?gabriella1:41 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Simon, if one of the teachers or principle was allowed to carry a hand gun, the shooter would be dead and there would have been far less casualties.  THIS IS NOT ABOUT GUN CONTROL!!!!!!!!!!!!!Deborah Strole2:15 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Simon, if every teacher and staff member of that school had been carrying a gun, the shooter would not have killed as many as he did.  Criminals will NEVER give up their guns; how naieve can you be?????Shripathi Kamath2:17 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012"If there was one armed, law abiding citizen in that school, this may have been averted -- instead they have to WAIT for the police."Yes, because it is common sense that if you have one armed law abiding person in one building on a 20 acre campus, then only the bad guy inside a different building would get killed.marlin newlin2:48 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012This is a horrible happening. Sad that automatically it is politicized over gun control. How about the 22 injured in China yesterday over a knife slashing by one person. Also back in 2010 where 28 were hurt. The problem is the people doing the crime. Taking guns away from law abiding citizens don't make the problems go away but simply enhances them. It is a sad day.Joe Citizen3:10 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Simon, you're an idiot ... probably a democrat ... probably a liberal democrat. Should we make illegal bats and swords and sticks and knives and rocks? There have been many people killed with those over history.  How many were killed in the OK City bombing? Should we make fertilizer and diesel fuel illegal? You do make a point - weapons should be kept from the ignorant.chuck3:10 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012It is sad what happen here today!  These acts of violence would happen with guns or without guns.  Just look back at history.  God Bless those that are hurting because of one or maybe two people that are not right in the head.Todd3:20 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012@Rosemary C I agree that gun laws need to tougher and harder to obtain, but I'm not sure @jshells comment was "stupid".  I realize its a very emotional topic which can make people lash out, but jshells is entitled to their position.  Also, having teachers/administrators armed is not a new position, so Im surprised you havent heard about this in years.  I am not a gun person, but there are many valid points to arming teachers/administrators.  Until access to guns becomes tougher  shootouts will continue to happen.  Even if the were eradicated, someone whos hell bent on destruction is going to create pandemonium in another way.  In the meantime, some frustrated people just want to level the playing field.  I think the two of you are on the same side (making sure kids are safe) you just have different options of which neither one of them is stupid.Vanessa Shaushkin3:42 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012jshell wants a good ole fashioned shoot out. Because more guns in a school will solve all the answers? Turning the playground into a battleground. What if the the criminal was trained in shooting the weapon? What if that teacher wasn't trained as well. So many what ifs. Sorry i don;t think adding more guns is the answerJoe Citizen3:53 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Vanessa, you're right - too many what ifs. What if the teacher shot the perp in the head with one shot before the perp was able to squeeze off a single shot? The sick thing is, there's someone out there that would want to subsequently sue or jail the teacher because, "...gee, wasn't there a more humane way to deal with the situation?"Amber4:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012i completly agreedominick sarle4:39 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012To use an old cliche, guns don't kill people, people kill people. Question the violence on television, If the experts say they have no impact on people, then why do they market with T.V. commercials?what happened was horrific and my heart goes out to all affected. Evil people were on this earth since time began and banning guns will have little affected other then denying law bidding citizens another one of their freedoms.Shane4:47 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012In the UK where guns are banned to the average Joe, thugs and gangsters still have them. This leaves good ordinary folks helpless in the case of invasions, no matter what  laws are passed the guns will never be taken off the streets. You are ignorant and should just stop talking.Sandra Frederick4:48 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I could not  agree with you more!!!  It is time this country starts realizing their precious right to have a gun is killing innocent people weekly!!!GERALD SIEBERT5:49 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Simon, you are either an idiot or just stupid. I say arm everyone, even the teachers,so that they can defend themselves, and in the case of teachers, they should protect the children under their care. I have been armed for about 45 years, not a policeman, and i wish I was at that school and able to stop the gunman by shooting hime before he killed the second person. Use your brain (if kyou have one). I.ve owned and carried a gun all my adult life and can assure you I dont just shoot people. I would however, shoot someone with my gun even to protect someone as dumb as you appear to be!!Roberta King6:10 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Unfortunately Simon, if it hadn't been a gun it would have been something else. Just finished reading an article about a man in China that attacked 22 children in a school with a knife. The world is sick.Keith E6:25 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Such a foolish, uninformed statement.  The gun did not kill these children.  The sick mind did.Vanessa Shaushkin6:25 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012guns were invented for? knives were invented for? cars were invented for? bats were invented for?kenneth winthrop jr6:44 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012the only problem it would not only be police it would be the criminals as well and not everyone that owns a gun is like this piece of garbage today so although i understand your comment think first because we dont have enough police to stop crime and if you cant understand that go to any major city where gangs out gun police.matrix29bear7:20 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012The core sanity of life is EXISTING BY VIRTUE OF SELF-DEFENSE.If a person has to rely exclusively on others to defend their lives and properties, then they are nothing more than cattle & slaves. Any attempt to remove or legislate away a person's right or ability to defend themselves while under the threat of bodily harm is  akin to rape then enslavement.Fools like Simon here want a field of helpless sheep when the wolves come prowling. Sheep rendered unable to survive without a shepard to be chased to their deaths or bitten cruelly as their flesh rips, blood gushes, agony screams out.  No we must scream in unison.  We shall never submit to your enslavement deliriums and we must take your grave offense of removing out ability to survive as a threat upon our lives.  We are not worthless weaklings to forever be hiding under Nanny State's churlish dress folds.  We shall retain our claws.  We shall retain our teeth.  We shall never surrender our weapons or our lives to fools such as you.  The wolves will always be out there and we must always be armed with our natural survival skills and our technological armaments.As the wolves come into your classrooms, bedrooms, and libraries there must always be the core right of EXISTENCE SECURED BY THE RIGHT OF SELF-PROTECTION.  When the wolves come snarling you must always have a sharp pike, or a blunt club, or gun, or any weapon you can intelligently destroy that monster with. Helplessness is obscene. Survival is God's Blessing.RTL7:24 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012What??? Yeah outlaw guns cause....we all know how well criminals obey laws. If we outlaw guns...only criminals will have them cause they do not follow Laws. Police are underfunded and OBVIOUSLY violent crime is getting worse....if only a law abiding person in that school had a gun, the death toll may have been lower. Either way horrible Tragedy, God bless the families, we pray for you.billy bob8:13 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012simon, simon, simon  such a strange view of the world you have..please explain how another law would have prevented this.it is already illegal to murder,steal,etc.yet that happens every day.the sicko that did this was mentally unstable...he should have been locked up for everyones safety.only a sick mofo would do something like this.its idiots like you that think the mentally damaged should be walking the streets.in your view it seems the sickos have rights that you want to take away from the normal people that are following the laws....i will always carry a gun,,,,however a large group of people could be killed without any guns at all.Pam J9:22 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I read that the guns Adam used were registered to his mother.  I don't know if he lived with her, but if he had a personality disorder, why would you have multiple guns in the house.  Gun control really isn't the answer when you are talking about school shootings because most of the guns used by students that have shot other students were their parent's guns.  My advice - just lock the doors to the schools and make it so a person has to be buzzed in.  A 20-year-old with a bullet-proof vest, mask and carrying several weapons would not have been buzzed in.Marty9:52 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Perhaps the 7 year olds should have hand guns, not cell phones or iPads to defend themselves. We are all horrified and offended by this event. I am just as offended that a leading proponent of "guns for everyone" is headquartered at 11 Mile Hill Rd, Newtown. The NSSF, National Shooting Sports Foundation spends millions of dollars a year to ensure that folks like today's shooter have the right to obtain such weaponry.  I'm offended that they are in THIS community!Patricia Fountain7:08 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012Criminals will always find a way to have guns.  I have a pistol permit in NY state and have owned guns and been in a hunting family for all of my life.  Our practice is to LOCK up our guns and our ammo - separately.  No more glass front gun display cases, now everyone uses safes.  I don't mind gun control.  I think gun safety should be taught more than hunter safety and storage should be required.  It's too easy for criminals to get guns when people don't store them safely.Patricia Fountain7:13 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012He got the guns from his mother.  I would like to know more about that, since his brother stated the 'gunman' was developmentally disabled.  I had to have a psychological test to get the permit, but anyone can take it from me if I don't ensure it's safe storage.  Gun laws right now only control, in various ways, who can get guns.  It's people who take them, steal them, or trade them on the black market who are a problem.  Also, rifles need some control.  I still feel citizens need to be allowed to be armed.  But, yes, even more training is needed.Jenn W.11:12 am on Friday, December 14, 2012**note i said REPORTEDLY...who knows how accurate that report is just yet**ReplyChet11:13 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers to the children, teachers, staff, and their families...Replykokopop11:15 am on Friday, December 14, 2012sending prayers from Milford!!!ReplyJerry3:29 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Same here from New Canaan, CT (same county as Newtown). I was just near the school and it is like a war zone down there. My friends coworker died in the attack. Awful, awful, awful. Who does stuff like this?Jenn W.11:17 am on Friday, December 14, 2012The problem is, Simon, we can make all guns illegal but criminals don't usually follow laws :( and they are the ones who do these things. UPDATE: kids reportedly evacuated to nearby firehouse. Shooting suspect may have been killed. Confirmed one child dead. Damn it.....damn it.Replydave11:18 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Well stated Jenn.Watts11:31 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Sorry, but not well stated. While obviously their actions make them criminals at the time they commit these crimes, rarely are these tragic shootings done by career criminals. Just look at what happened with the mall shooting in Portland. Everybody says what a nice guy that shooter was.These shootings aren't about criminals, they are about people who snap, yet have ridiculously easy access to guns at the time that they snap.Bill Johnston11:46 am on Friday, December 14, 2012All of you folks who keep preaching that tired line about people needing guns to protect themselves from criminals should step back, look at every other civilized country in the world, and ask why they have gun control AND many fewer gun crimes than we do.  There is a whole world out there that is not YOU.dave11:57 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Bill, this is a tragedy and I really don't want to keep hammering on the issues rather than focusing on the families here.  But, YOU need to do some research and realize that this IS happening in other countries.  It happens in our country with other objects as well.  It happens with guns, it happens with bladed weapons, it happens with motor vehicles, with bombs, any possible way that someone can perform an evil act, they do.  And evil minded people will find a way regardless of what laws you put in place.  If you want to debate this, that is fine, but use fact and logic and not emotion.B T11:58 am on Friday, December 14, 2012For two seconds can people not make GD political statements in a time of crisis?  It is infuriating to see comments like these.Mr D.12:21 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012We go through the same debate every time one of these horrible shootings happen.Yes, there are too many guns available to too many unstable people, but outlawing gun ownership is not the answer, nor is it practical.In Europe, where handgun ownership is much more regulated, there are still millions of hunting rifles and shotguns.  There has been school shootings there (mos recently in France & Germany.)In China where virtually no private citizens own guns, there was a rash of school massacres in 2010 using... knives.  The most recent attack was this week (20+ students slashed)What we really need to address as a nation is the glorification of violence as a way to resolve conflict; gruesome violence on TV and computer rgames (God forbit we see a nipple, but evisceration is okay!); alienation; lack of proper, affordable mental health care in many communities.Why are rampages in malls and school more frequent in the US than other countries? Because we haven't addressed those social problems as well as they have...Alan Stamm1:59 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012How can any Newton Patch reader on either side of the handgun ownership issue think this is the time or place for such a debate.Have you people lost all sense of perspective and decency, for crying out loud? That latter phrase describes a more appropriate response today and in coming days.Now is a time to pause, not to posture . . . to grieve, not to debate.Shripathi Kamath2:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012There is no evidence that this gunman was a criminal *before* the act.Shripathi Kamath2:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012"How can any Newton Patch reader on either side of the handgun ownership issue think this is the time or place for such a debate."OK, when is the time or the place for such a debate?marlin newlin2:50 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Often times the warning signs are there we just don't pay attention to them.Janey3:12 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Unfortunately, you are wrong. Most of the mass killings are not done by criminals. Check your facts. This wasn't some random criminal shooting up a school for fun, this was a disturbed man on a rampage.Joe Citizen3:26 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012What you idiots are forgetting is that while it is true that it's incredibly easy to kill people with guns, it's also incredibly easy to kill people (and lots of people, at one time) with other implements and weapons. People that are stupid, evil, that snap, or any combination thereof will find a way to carry out their deeds. Bill J - you need to get your facts straight. It's a published statistic that cities that have concealed carry laws have less crime than those that don't. There have been cities where control laws and bans were put in place - violent crime went up; the cities revised the laws to allow citizens to arm themselves, and violent crime rates went down. You people want to leave too much in the government's hands, and above all it's not the right of your opinion to take away foundational rights of others (sane, logical, peace-loving people). Gun control  leads to gun moratoriums  leads to gun bans  leads to being a subject (to evildoers and tyranny) rather than a citizen. I know that if my house was being invaded, I would not want to wait for the police to decide what action I should take.Sean Tully3:56 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Alan is right.  We should have discussed this after last week's mass mall shooting...or after the shooting in the mosque...or the one in the movies...or the one at the college...or the one after the school...or the one after...Joe Citizen4:05 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012B T - I would agree to that if the first words out of someone else's mouth after someone gets shot wasn't "...take away all the guns."alex d5:39 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Joe Citizen, you're a tool. Any sick moron can pull a trigger. Maybe if the access wasn't there this guy would've stabbed his mother instead - awful, still, but the ability to access semiautomatic or automatic guns enables mass shootings on this scale. It's people like you that prevent the meaningful action needed while these shootings happen on a near monthly basis now. When the forefathers drafted the 2nd amendment I don't think they were thinking of assault rifles. A good first step would be to vote all of these men out of office next time - http://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/recips.php?cycle=2012&id=D000000082Marty9:58 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012The gun laws are outdated and do nothing to protect citizens like us. Local people are saying the "shooter" had problems, HOW did he get guns??? Ask the NSSF at 11 Mile Hill Rd Newtown, They spend millions each year so that normal folk like our "shooter" can get guns!!!Jenn W.11:18 am on Friday, December 14, 2012I am beside myself...there are no words right now.ReplyROE11:31 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Are you sure that the child died?  please tell me it is not trueLynn Tucholski5:07 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Jenn, no problem....I have words......There are mothers and fathers out there right now without their babies because some selfish s.o.b. wasn't happy with his existence.  NO I DON'T CARE IF HE WAS DISABLED OR HURTING.  It is a selfish and entitled move to shoot people in the name of your personal pain.  IT IS WRONG.  To take away the future from someone is just awful.  Obama is right this is happening way too much.  The NRA seriously needs to think about whats happening.  Yeah people shoot people, but that to me lately is one giant sorry ass excuse.  I'm so sick of anyone protecting these evil people.  THERE IS NO EXCUSE.Christa Manz11:22 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Dear father in heaven please be with these people help then get though this please put your hand on any and all for the children and staff that may be hur LORD you know their need. Thank you father for all you do for us you are a loving and kind God. I pary all this in the presious name of JESUS....ReplyJIM MCGOVERN1:07 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012the best thing I've read on this Page thankyou ChristaShripathi Kamath2:19 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Why don't you also pray that nothing like this happens again, and may be it won't?Bobbie3:09 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Amen ChristaRobin Lionheart3:45 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Shripathi has a point; praying about just this incident is thinking small, Crista. How about something like:Dear loving and kind LORD, Please use your almighty power to prevent school violence from killing our innocent children ever again. In the precious name of JESUS, Amen.Jesus says in Mark 11:23-24 that if you do not doubt in your heart, but believe what you say will happen, it will be granted.Joe Citizen4:10 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012...or maybe something like, Dear Gracious Father, please take out all those that would do us harm in the name of evil or stupidity.Kim McAdams10:46 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012WHY can't Christa post what she wants without criticizing ????? Come together, love your neighbor and get over yourselves.Laura L M11:28 am on Friday, December 14, 2012I am sickened that someone has done this and heartbroken that they chose a place close to my childhood home.ReplyJenn W.11:31 am on Friday, December 14, 2012ATF and local law and fire rescue swarming over sandy hook elementary, tactical units on rooftops....vehicle of interest roped off. Suspect REPORTEDLY dead at scene, 2 guns recovered. Search for possible 2nd shooter, but not confirmed there even is one.ReplyKatie Hooton11:34 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers for the community from Fort Collins, COReplyJenn W.11:35 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Roe, I can only tell you what I'm seeing on the news... But CNN used the word 'confirmed' in regards to one child. Also, CNN says local sources reporting "multiple other people injured" (people, not necessarily children). Story still developing, parents asked not to come to school. Wait for word, busses cancelled.ReplyPaul11:37 am on Friday, December 14, 2012as a parent from Chardon, Ohio....my thoughts and prayers for all of you!!ReplyJenn W.11:39 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Watts, my point was well-made and so was yours. I believe in stricter gun control wholeheartedly, but having worked in justice system, I can tell you criminals do most of the damage- Normal people who snap and choose to pick up a gun turn themselves into criminals at that moment. If the gun wasn't there, they would grab a knife or bottle of bleach.ReplyMs R.12:04 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Notice things like this do not happen in Vermont where there are ZERO gun laws.  Check the stats: more gun control = higher crime rates.Watts12:09 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012@ Ms RHow soon you forget...http://www.cbsnews.com/2100-201_162-1933752.htmlNance1:52 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Ms R and Jenn, Pay no mind to Watts.  Troll on all Patch sites. My heart is heavy for these babies lost and those that nurtured them. Feels like the world has gone mad today.Watts4:02 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012@ Nance"Ms R and Jenn, Pay no mind to Watts."yea, there is a great idea.  Pay attention to Ms R, who was wrong when stating: "Notice things like this do not happen in Vermont where there are ZERO gun laws." Instead of following the news link that I provided showing that an elementary school shooting just took place in VT a few years ago.Nance, get over it.  People providing facts that you may not like, is not the definition of a troll.Jenn W.11:41 am on Friday, December 14, 2012As we sit here discussing this tragedy in our own country and our gun-control laws, 22 schoolchildren were injured in China by a Knife wielding attacker. Evil is evil, guns or no guns.ReplyJess S4:33 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Jenn W...the difference is, none of the children in China DIED from the knife attacks. As horrible as both incidences were, only one of these scenarios ended in senseless fatalities.Jeff11:42 am on Friday, December 14, 2012As a society we should be trying to figure out what drives humans to do this to other humans.  Anything can be used as a weapon, knives, cars, subway trains...  The state of mind of a person at this point must be understood to be detected.  I see nothing happening here, just nonsensical blame at the inanimate objects chosen as a weapon.ReplyManny Prieto7:19 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012In today's life we are broken to fit into societies standards, if your not beautiful smart and rich ultimately successful this world can really get you down, we need to re look the mental health system in this country not gun lawsjoan ely7:50 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012if he had no way to get guns---but had a way to get bombs-(or make them)-there would be alot more dead--trainning is needed for all gun owers--but guns are not the problem--the sad story is children died from someones hands--please says prays for the familys of thoseJakob11:44 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Why America? Why?......................ReplyJen11:45 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Praying in Chardon, Ohio.ReplyJenn W.11:47 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Third grader interviewed at scene: "we heard police on the roof. Lots of kids were crying and some of us had tummy aches." Oh my god... The innocence. I want to hug every child on this planet right now. Parent interviewed: "we are in shock. We are trying to find out what is going on"Replyswhin11:48 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Cheshire is with you all. Sending out prayers.ReplyJenn W.11:50 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Still no more word on the report above re: one child down. If there is anyway that could have been wrong, that would be so amazing...if it was truly 'confirmed' as CNN said earlier , I would think they would bring it up again, which they haven't in 20 mins.ReplyKristyn11:51 am on Friday, December 14, 2012How about if we NOT turn this in to a gun control debate until after people at least know about their children, families, loved ones... not appropriate.. not now..ReplyJenn W.11:56 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Cnn: newtown mayor says One teacher shot in foot, taken to hospital...some CNN affiliates referring to scene as having "multiple fatalities"...as my son sits in his elementary school at his 3rd grade desk, presumably safe and unaware of what is playing out across the country, I pray for the families of all involved in this latest outrageous attack on our nation's most innocent.ReplyBill Gilman11:58 am on Friday, December 14, 2012The thoughts and prayers of all of here in Tewksbury are with the citizens of Newtown, especially the families of the victims.ReplySteve11:58 am on Friday, December 14, 2012Kristyn- yes. Thank you.ReplyJohn Tusch11:59 am on Friday, December 14, 2012OK - folks, can we save the gun control argument for later and let us local parents find out if there is a second shooter please?  Those of us living near the school need to know whether we need to take even further precautions.ReplyTodd3:35 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I wouldn't  look to the Patch for that type of information.Brianna12:01 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Why must we always bring up gun control laws before the altercation its even over? Can we all focus on making sure all the students and staff are ok and the gunman is brought down? Can we mourn the loss of any casualties first? Disrespectful. Pray first. If you're not religious, meditate, give a moment of silence before you bring politics into tragedy.ReplyTodd3:39 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012@Brianna , For some, this is part of the mourning process.  I hear your sentiments, but everyones different on how they respond to adversity.  I dont think it means that they care any less for the safety or misery that the community is going through.Joe Citizen4:16 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Just a curiosity - if you're not religious, how does meditation help?Stacey12:03 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Praying for all affected, from MichiganReplyJenn W.12:03 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Update: Press conference to be held one hour from now, hopefully some solid info forthcoming...ReplyLifes Hunt12:07 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My kids are getting as huge hug as soon as I walk in the door.ReplyJenn W.12:12 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012You said it lifes hunt.ReplyBernadette12:16 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012For the love of God, for one time, can we cease the political discussion about gun control for at least today?  This is a horrible tragedy.  Instead, let's expend positive energy and take this time to pray for the injured, as well as children and staff who have been traumatized by a very sick person.ReplyRobin Lionheart8:10 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012If roads were collapsing all across the United States, killing dozens of drivers, we would surely see that as a moment to talk about what we could do to keep roads from collapsing. If terrorists were detonating bombs in port after port, you can be sure Congress would be working to upgrade the nations security measures. If a plague was ripping through communities, public-health officials would be working feverishly to contain it. Only with gun violence do we respond to repeated tragedies by saying that mourning is acceptable but discussing how to prevent more tragedies is not. Ezra Klein, http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2012/12/14/nine-facts-about-guns-and-mass-shootings-in-the-united-states/Robin Lionheart8:13 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Useless prayers will accomplish nothing now, but discussing gun control could actually be productive.jim12:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Principle was killed.Replyjim12:21 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Report from emergency worker at hospital that principle was shot and killed.ReplyJenn W.12:23 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Eyewitness parent reports she was in meeting at school with about 7 ppl and they heard pops. 3 ppl went into the hall to investigate, only one came back. (Principal and school counselor who went out were shot, did not return but remained laying in pools of blood where they fell while vice principal who also went out had also been shot but crawled back into meeting room. Eyewitness described she heard what sounded like "100" rounds go off and said she wasn't exaggerating. News conf coming soon.ReplyJenn W.12:24 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012One child confirmed dead, sadly reconfirmed from earlier reports.ReplyLifes Hunt12:29 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012What time is the news conference? And what channel please?ReplyWatts12:32 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012There are supposed to be two conferences coming up.  Police news conference at the school at 1:00 and another one at Danbury hospital that a time has not yet been mentioned.  I am sure that all local networks will be carrying them.Watts12:37 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Danbury hospital conference just started.Mr D.1:17 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012You can watch the Danbury hospital press conference at http://www.necn.com/12/14/12/Hospital-official-3-transported-to-Danbu/landing.html?blockID=813785&feedID=4753Fox News' website has a live feed, they will broadcast the police press conference when it happens.  I'm sure CNN & the others will too.Jenn W.12:31 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Okay latest confirmed fatalities: one child, principal, school counselor, gunman. News conference in about a half an hour, tuning into local stations if you live in newton or CNN for the rest of us.ReplyJenn W.12:32 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012*newtownReplyJenn W.12:35 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012All these people did this morning was wake up and go to school There really are no wordsReplyEllyn Santiago12:39 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from Montville...ReplyJen Cheshire12:40 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I am so sorry for the families of anyone who was in that building, I will pray for you I can't imagine what you are going through, I am so very sorry.ReplyDougW12:42 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers being lifted from Perry Hall, MD.  We are recovering yet from the shooting we had on the first day of school this year.    We pray for the injured, the traumatized, and those who's lives have been or will be so disrupted by this senselessness.ReplyWatts12:45 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012News agencies have significantly increased expected dead, but we can all pray that this information is incorrect.ReplyVictoria Godfrey12:46 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Where is the shooter? Was he or she haprehened? I am praying for the injuried and the families of Newtown.  Oh yeah, the shooter is dead.  What a tragic....ReplyKayko12:47 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from Northern California.ReplyJay Corn12:51 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012We are thinking about and praying for the Newton community in Minnesota today. Great reporting Patch...ReplyMr D.12:52 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Rumours now of massive casualties (10-20)Can anyone confirm this?ReplyLindsay Street12:54 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Love and thoughts from Summerville, SC! Absolutely horrifying ... stay safe everyone. Hug your kids.ReplyPrayers4Newtown12:54 pm on Friday, December 14, 201227 killed. 14 kids.ReplyJenn W.12:54 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Mr. D. Yes up to 10 children dead, possibly 20 ppl killed in total. This was not just shooting, this was a slaughter. This is a national Day of tragedy. I can barely type thisReplyJenn W.12:55 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012. 27 and 14? It just gets worse but the minuteReplyPrayers4Newtown12:56 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Yes, confirmed by CBS News.tobias12:58 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from Denmark! So sad... :-(ReplyPrayers4Newtown1:01 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Shooter a 20-something male from New Jersey. Not sure what the connection was to Newtown.ReplyPrayers4Newtown1:02 pm on Friday, December 14, 201218 kids killed. Latest # from CBS News.ReplyMelissa Hebert1:03 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from a Southbury native now in Ohio.ReplyPrayers4Newtown1:04 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Let's not rule out terrorism.ReplyWatts1:17 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012You can't rule out anything yet, but nothing about how the suspect nor the circumstances make it sound like terrorism, so why spread the net of possibilities so wide when nothing would indicate this?  You may as well say that it is related to the Hobbit movie coming out.  Is it possible...yes, is it probable...no.dave1:09 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012This is an incredible tragedy. We live in a world were people are spoon fed violence. At the movies, on tv, in video games. At the same time people become disassociated from life by technology, they put computers, games and cell phones in between personal relationships and it distances people from the human experience. I think those two things combined contribute more to the violence we see today than anything else added up. Until we realize and accept and change these core issues, we will contine to see this violence.ReplyAnn H Csonka1:29 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012EVERYONE -- PLEASE READ dave's comment. Then read it again.  Copy it. Think about it EVERY DAY.How many kids (and adults) will be happy to get new violent "games" to play in 2013?Young children's brains are PATTERNED by these "game" experiences.Of course there are countless other factors, but the "joy in violence" in too much of our world is something we might do something about.morninmist2:43 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Yes Ann.  We should all read dave's post.j arthur2:50 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012This is probably the most eloquent I have seen the entire problem wrapped up. Dave, you have hit the nail on the head.READ DAVE'S COMMENT...it is our responsibility as parents.william cox3:25 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012i think your right dave all you see these days is violence on tv and games its time they stopped this if they see things like that then they seem to think its ok to kill.im from england but i now live in the usa things like this should never happen kids dont seem to be safe anywhere these days from crazy people or perverts what a sick world its turning into. praying for them all. dayton ohioJoe Citizen4:35 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Well, I believe dave is partially right. It's not the computer games or the movies or the phones, it's the attitudes of parents and children and school systems (which is to say the governmental envelopment of those systems). I live in a relatively small town, yet I was shocked to learn of the disrespect of the kids in my son's school toward any and all authority. And the problem is, THEY GET BY WITH IT. When I was in school, if you disrespected a teacher, you got your ass swatted or you got sent home. If you disrespected your mother, you got your mouth smacked ... usually by your mother. Now, you get ISS, where you get to sit with all your disrespecting friends in a classroom and laugh it up. My point is that everyday there are more people in the world, which means statistically that there will be more crazies in the world. However, because we can't train our kids like we used to (because who wants to go to jail for smacking their kid in the mouth - don't call me a liar, it almost happened to me), we're actually forced to bring up kids along the guidelines of the federal and state governments where smacking a kid in the mouth supposedly has long-reaching, life altering, ill effects ... how's that working out for ya? And each generation seems to be worse than the previous. Part of my solution would be to put God and paddles back into the schoolsJoe Citizen4:43 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012OK William, when is the last time you saw someone get shot on TV or in a video game or at the movies and thought, "...oh wow, it's actually OK to go out and shoot someone?" I've seen violence in media for all of my 41 years, yet still I understand and respect how precious and fragile life is ... I didn't learn that on my own, I wonder where it came from? You figure that out, and you've found the general solution to the general problem.Josie6:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012MY  heart  is aching for everone there. But Dave I agree with you 110 percent> This is a valid issue. these  violent games  and we all know what they are. even paintball. this generation is ammuned to it, then they go on a thrill kill.. Technology  is a big part.  they become desensitized by human interaction. and touch...Yes in my day we had manson. bundy and serial killers. but nothing  at all like this..Environment. we are a product of it. think about  how many hours these kids spend on the computer. playing  these violent games etc... We as parents and citizens need to start within our own homes to  reevaluate what we are allowing our children  exposure to.. May God be with  all of you at this tragic time.. May these childrens  lives not be in vain.Harry6:19 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Dave is 100% correct. Our children watch way too much violence on the television, Ipads and Phones, and have become too disconnected from reality. Our hearts and prayers go out to all those who have lost loved ones today.Jason Vega1:10 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012are dangerous psychotropic drugs involved?ReplySusan Smith2:21 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012What kind of idiot are you ? This is a serious tragedy & you ask about psychotropic drugs!? Then someone sends prayers from Israel & you comment about Palestinian children being killed during dinner. Way to politicize a human tragedy. There are many innocent victims on BOTH the Israeli & Palestinian side. Leave that for another time & go take your psychotropic drugs.lala1:14 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012WGN news just reported 27 confirmed dead. 14 to 18 were kindergarteners.  The gunman is also dead.  Over 100 shots were reported to have been fired.  What a sick and twisted person.  Gunman was allegedly a parent.  The principal and school social worker are reported as victims.  God bless those who's lives were taken, their families and the first responders.ReplyLaurie1:15 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I am heartbroken.  Prayers from Littleton, COReplyAlejo Mendez1:16 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012If crosses were banned in Christ's time He would not have been killed. Same logic.ReplySean Tully3:14 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012WTF?Wasn't Christ pre-destined to die on the cross?  If no crosses, we'd all be praying to Christ swinging from a rope.  It's not the cross that killed Christ, it was the mission.Sean Tully3:59 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Also, the cross didn't kill Christ, the people did.  So now you will argue that guns don't kill people, people do.  But had this nutcase not had access to guns, I doubt very seriously that he would have killed this many people with a knife or, if you will, a cross.Keith E6:01 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I believe that Alejo is pointing out the ridiculousness of trying to ban guns.  Would banning crosses have saved Christ?  No.  It is not the weapon, it is the heart of the killer.Sean Tully6:49 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Keith, I believe you are missing the point.  If guns were under stricter control, this nut would not have had them and I doubt he would have caused this mass killing with a knife.Kaius1:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from germany, I'm so sorry for you.ReplyNick Malfitano1:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers from Toms River, NJ going out to all those affected by this tragedy.Replyjudith LOTHER1:19 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I'm praying for your community - Fairfax, VirginiaReplyDCovey1:19 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012GOD HELP THE FAMILIES.ABC News in New York has an updated report on this crisis: when you click on link below, message on top of the page reads (in red block) >>"More Than Twenty People, Mostly Children Shot Dead at Conn. Grade School"http://abcnews.go.com/US/gunmen-connecticut-elementary-school-shooting-dead/story?id=17973836Conflicting reports that were released earlier on this tragic situation raise some serious questions:A) WHAT IS THE CRISIS COMMUNICATIONS PLAN FOR THE TOWN OF NEWTOWN CONNECTICUT?B) WHO IS THE SPOKESPERSON FOR THE TOWN OF NEWTOWN CONNECTICUT TO THE MEDIA AND AUTHORTIES?C) WHAT IS THE COMMUNICATIONS STRATEGY  - BESIDES "STAY HOME" TO INFORM PARENTS OR ANY CONSTITUENCY ON UP-TO-DATE INFORMATION DURING A CRISIS, INCLUDING THIS TRAGIC SITUATION?IT ALSO SHOULD BE NOTED THAT DURING THIS ENTIRE CRISIS, PARTICIPANTS AT A LOCAL SHOOTING RANGE LOCATED IN SANDY HOOK HAVE BEEN ACTIVELY..SHOOTING. **AGAIN, WHAT.... IN GOD'S NAME IS THE CRISIS COMMUNICATIONS PLAN FOR THIS TOWN? IF THERE IS ONE IN PLACE, IT SERIOUSLY NEEDS AN OVERHAUL AS IT WAS BREECHED TODAY.THE COLUMBINE SHOOTING WAS A WAKE UP CALL FOR ALL PARENTS, CHILDREN AND ALL MUNICIPALITIES LOCATED IN "NICE TOWNS". EVERY MUNICIPALITY NEEDS A ROCK SOLID SECURITY PLAN AND CRISIS COMMUNICATIONS PLAN IN PLACE.  IN THE 21ST CENTURY, THERE IS.. NO EXCUSE.Replymrvrnj4212:15 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I just don't think this is the time to criticize anyone or anything...the focus now should be on saving lives and supporting those affected.DCovey2:42 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012TODAY, SOMEONE GAINED ACCESS INTO THE SANDY HOOK ELEMENTARY SCHOOL BUIDLING WITH A GUN.   INNOCENT PEOPLE AND CHILDREN WERE KILLED. WHY?  SECURITY AT THE SCHOOL WAS BREECHED DUE TO A LACK OF A ROCK SOLID SECURITY PLAN. THIS IS THE TIME TO PUT THE FOCUS DIRECTLY ON WHAT COULD HAVE SAVED INNOCENT LIVES TODAY..A ROCK SOLID SECURITY PLAN.  IS EVACUATING CHILDREN INTO THE WOODS WITH A POTENTIAL PERPETRATOR LURKING, A PART OF A ROCK SOLID SECURITY PLAN?    IF YOUR HARD EARNED TAX DOLLARS HAVE BEEN EARMARKED FOR SECURITY IN YOUR TOWN'S PUBLIC SCHOOLS, WHY WOULD THAT TOWN NOT HAVE A ROCK SOLID SECURITY, COMMUNICATIONS AND EVACUATION PLAN TO PROTECT SCHOOL CHILDREN?  THINK JUST A MOMENT.Lara Messer4:26 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012DCovey - there is a path to the fire house they were evacuating children to through those woods.  As a teacher I am going to do all that I can to get my children safe.  How dare you criticize the very people who did ALL they could to protect those children?  If sending my kids into the woods on a path to promised safety is what I need to do then that is what I will do - every time.  Safety plans are in place as guidance and based on your questions, you don't know everything.  Parents were notified as soon as they could be (after police and fire deemed it safe to do so) and so I don't think you know all you think you do.  To me, it sounds like they are doing it all right.  And your next point - active shooters at a range.  So what?  I carry and I am at the range all the time.  I am not in Newtown but it sounds like the police, both local and state and now federal, are doing it just fine and the way it needs to be done.  Do like the rest of us and watch - you will find out what you need as it comes out.Keith E5:58 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012You don't live in reality.  If someone wnats to kill someone else, they will find a way.  People are naturally trusting - especially if this guy said that his mother was a teacher there.  They're not going to let him in?   Of course they would, without expecting that he was a mass killer.  Fences, security, laws and procedures will not stop a determined killer.Our morals and society are all that can stop him - and perhaps it's too late.Carolyn Dube1:19 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Sending love and prayers to Newtown from Merrimack, New Hampshire.ReplyGary G. Krupp1:20 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers for all involved from Merrimack, NHReplyKatherine Johnston1:22 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Dear Lord, this news is just heart-breaking. Prayers and thoughts are with all of the parents, teachers, and children. There are no words to give the comfort so deeply needed at this time. This tragedy is just horrible. May God be with you all. Love and Prayers from Merrimack, NHReplyVictor Calderon1:22 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers for the victims and families from Tucson, AZ.ReplyMimbenjamin1:23 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from IsraelReplyMelissa Kowalewski1:24 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers and thoughts with you all.  My heart hurts for you.ReplyABHolton1:25 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from Greenville,  NCReplyStephen Callender1:26 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from Buenos Aires, Argentina. This is so heart-breaking.ReplyWendy Vincent1:26 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers and love to Newton, CT from The Haddams-Killingworth.ReplyMark Basil1:28 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012This is a tragedy and such an awful event.  As we see, the world is rapidly declining on all levels. The volatility is beyond the breaking point, and I personally believe its going to get worse. This world is a different place and so many phenomenons are accompanying these modern security dilemmas that make the dynamics of protection and security when in place, even that much harder to control.ReplyKatie Ryan O'Connor1:28 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Everyone  Press conference is still at least an hour away, an official just told one of our local editors on the ground.ReplyWatts1:43 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012conference just startedLove251:29 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers to all the victims and families for a truely senseless crime.  May god shine upon you and your families at this difficult time.  Prayers from Philadelphia.ReplyJenn W.1:30 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I can't believe this has happened again. Heartbroken and sick for the people of Newtown. Everybody, hug your babies a little tighter tonight. May mercy be upon the souls of those who suffered today and lost their lives, And all those who will suffer for the rest of their lives because of this day.ReplyKelly Anne Parker1:30 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Our heartfelt prayers to Newtown, incredibly heartbreakingReplyBeth1:34 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers and love from the UK xReplymichelle1:35 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012This is so heartbreaking. I am so sorry for the parents and family members of the innocent victims. Praying for your peace and comfort during this awful tragedy.ReplyAnna Cangiano1:35 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Bone chilling in tears. Praying and praying and praying for the families may peace come into their hearts. Too sad.ReplyMichael Ryan1:36 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My thoughts and prayers for Newtown from Manchester, NH.  A good friend had a little sister in the school, he tells me she got out to the firehouse safely.ReplyLisa Bigelow1:40 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My heart is broken for Newtown. We have visited Sandy Hook many times with our kids over the years and it's always been a welcoming, wonderful community. My thoughts and prayers are with your residents and those affected. Can't stop crying and am just sickened by this act of violence. Pray for peace in Newtown and strength for those who suffer.ReplyIMHO1:41 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012What is wrong with this country??Prayers from Commack Long IslandReplySean Tully4:00 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Pretty simple really, we don't have strict gun control.  This nut probably killed in one day nearly 50% or even 75% as the total of murders in England last year.Lara Messer4:34 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Sean - Gun control does NOT solve these problems. Get real.  Do you know any criminal that gets a gun LEGALLY? I don't.  I have never met a criminal that did it legally.  Also, if the shooter got the gun legally, it means there was not enough or any reason for him (on background checks) to refuse him.  Also, his parents or someone else could have gotten them for him to "borrow"  Control that..  Simply put you can't.Lara Messer4:37 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Here is a thought - instead of focusing on gun control, let this country now focus on mental illness and treating it or figuring out how to control it.IMHO - I wish I knew.. People just suck.Sean Tully6:51 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Lara, every country with strict gun ownership laws has a much lower murder rate than the U. S.  Our country is the only industrialized nation that lives with this insanity.Maria Neels1:41 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Many thoughts and prayers from Newtown, PA.ReplyMichelle1:41 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from Levittown, PA.   So absolutely hard to take this in. God bless all of you.ReplyJenn W.1:42 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Press conf now- CNNReplyAli Rung1:42 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012To the Newtown community... especially those parents whose children were taken from them... my thoughts and prayers are with you and your children. May they be met with joy and peace.ReplyJonathon1:43 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers sent from extreme south jerseyReplyKatie Ryan O'Connor1:44 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012OK press conference is onReplyKatie Ryan O'Connor1:47 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012The conference was exceedingly brief, no questions taken from media. Story updated. Stay tuned.ReplySheila, from Tennessee2:56 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My children are graduated and out of school, but I can only imagine the pain felt by these families. My prayers go out to you all. Footprints in the Sand tells of Jesus carrying us through the hardest times. Peace be with you.ReplyVickie Casey2:56 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from NJ, my heart is breaking for everyone in NewtownReplyRyan O'Connor1:51 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012So unbelievably sad and senseless. No words from here in Bedford, NH, only my deepest sympathy and most heartfelt prayers to the teachers, parents, administrators and children impacted by this disgusting and cowardly act.ReplyMitch Slater1:53 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012As a NJ parent and Board of Ed Member I can only imagine the horror being felt in your town- Please accept our condolences and prayers and support from Westfield New Jersey- You are not alone- we stand together in trying to irradicate this evil gun society from our planetReplyJen James1:54 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from Alexandria, VA... Lord in your mercy...ReplyStacy Jha1:54 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from Denver, COReplyJessica Napier1:55 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers for the families and the community from West VirginiaReplyDarla Smith1:59 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Many thoughts and prayersReplyA2:00 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Lighting a candle on the front porch tonight in support of the victims and families.  Please join us.ReplyGreg2:03 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers from NJ.  This is heart wrenching.ReplyDaniel Lane2:03 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Sending my prayers from Temecula, California. God bless everyone involved.Replymelissa2:07 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012They were just babies.Prayers to all of you, I cannot fathom the horror you are living though.ReplyJosie6:30 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012B abies, those innocent children, my God have mercy.. my heart is achingshorefriend2:07 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012No words do I have, how do we stop this! I can't imagine the heartbreak of these parents.Replymrvrnj4212:08 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012What possesses a man to do something like this?  What an absolute coward!mrvrnj4212:09 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My thoughts and prayers are with all of the children, teachers, families, and all residents of Newtown.  So sorry that you have to endure this tragedy.ReplyPeter Marsack2:10 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers to the families involved from northville, mi-  and guys, this is not the time for political agenda and talk.ReplyYorkvillian2:10 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers to all affected by this senseless tragedy...my first grader will be getting an extra tight hug today as she get home safe in the memory of the kids that won't return this afternoon.ReplySheila Wittenberger2:10 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I live in Newtown and I've been watching the news and hearing the sirens all morning. I'm in shock...how could this happen here?! Our beautiful little town will never be the same. My prayers are with all the families affected by this horrific event. God Bless you all, my tears are falling now as I sit with my daughter, so thankful to have her in my arms.ReplySH2:10 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I read that Yale prepared for patients.  Do we know if any went there?ReplyAmanda2:14 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Peace be to all of you. Yes, we are all angry and grief-stricken, and want an outlet to express that. Please honor the children and school employees and families that are enduring this unfolding tragedy, and don't use this as an opportunity to argue about your gun control beliefs.ReplyCarmelo3:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Could Not agree more, my wife and I both feel for the families and the victims of this unfortunate tragedy. I am so lost with the words to say to these people, that the only thing i can say, is they will certainly be in our hearts and prayers.Watts2:14 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012They are now reporting that one of the shooter's parents was found shot dead in New Jersey at his house.ReplyKristin Brennan2:16 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Love and prayers being sent from Rhode Island.  Everyone here is absolutely heartbroken for you all.ReplySavannah Crawmer2:17 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Someone I know has a cousin who goes to Sandy Hook. She like vomited when she found out about the shooting. She's about to hyperventilate!ReplyMike Healey2:17 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I haven't told anyone in my office(Let them have a few more hours of peace), I'm hiding in my cubicle thinking of those children and families and community.  So tragic.......ReplySavannah Crawmer2:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012We'll just have to pray everyone's alright.ReplyJenn W.2:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Sheila, Our deepest thoughts are with your community from around the nation and the world. Please do what so many of us wish we could, and go Out into your community in the coming days and put your arms around those who need it. I can't believe this is happened again, and I don't know how these families will ever heal. The holidays will never be the same for so many Newtown families.ReplyJoni Hubred-Golden2:20 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Sending thoughts and prayers from Michigan for everyone touched by this terrible tragedy.ReplyEmily Constance2:22 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and love from California. My sincerest condolences to the families in this painful time. It will take support from the entire community to help these people recover.ReplyMichael2:22 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from Mission Viejo, California.ReplyLove252:24 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012USA today is reporting the shooter's name is Ryan Lanza.ReplySamantha Turner2:24 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers from Rhode Island.ReplySean Tully2:25 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012This is such a senseless tragedy.  Americans are fools for allowing this type of crime to continue.  We should have put strict controls on guns years ago.  Instead we allow our politicians to be lead around by the nose by the gun lobby.  We are being held hostage by our Second Amendment.  We, the people, are allowed to change it, you know?  Now the gun lovers will say I am politicizing this tragedy and now is not the time to discuss it.  They are right.  The time to discuss it was five, ten, twenty years ago.ReplyNovato Native2:53 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Sean,Not today. Maybe tomorrow, but not today. If you're so passionate about it, YOU do something. YOU start your own meetings about gun control. YOU can start your own lobby against the gun lobby. Don't rely on others to change what YOU'RE unhappy about, and don't be angry when you did nothing to change the laws. I know it seems like an impossible task, but I know first hand that it is possible to change laws and to protect the innocent.And honestly, your comment is just rude in light of the tragedy that occurred today. 18 children died. And all you care about is gun control in this moment?Sean Tully3:08 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Not today.  I said that people would say that and they are.  No, Novato, today is the day.  If this nutjob had the right to bear arms than I certainly have the right to free speech.Sean Tully3:09 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Novato, 18 children are dead because the citizens of this country are either too lazy or too apethtic to do something about our insane lax gun laws.  Sorry, but that is the truth.Novato Native3:19 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Sean,Today is not the day. Competing for the spotlight of the news media after what happened today is not ok. Why are you trying to take away from the tragedy that occurred? You may claim to be speaking up for future victims, but you're disrespecting the victims of today. Let them have one day of grief before you force the conversation to prevention.I'm not asking for a week or a month, just one day. And tomorrow, I will support you in your endeavor to argue about gun control, but today is a day for prayer and remembrance.Obviously though, citizens aren't too lazy or apathetic because they're just as passionate as you are. I know how hard it is to enact that change, but you can do it, so why haven't you?Just save your arguments for tomorrow when people will want to listen to what you have to say because today, no one cares that gun control laws are too lax, they only care that a massive loss of innocent life has occurred. Your arguments today will fall on deaf ears. Tomorrow they will be heard, but today, be respectful.Sean Tully4:02 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Novato, who made you boss of what is okay and not okay?  I say today is the day we begin this discussion.  You say wait.  How long?  A week?  A month?  Until the next mass killing?Todd5:07 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Novato, with all due respect, save your righteousness.  No one is trying to compete for the spotlight.  Im quite confident this same dialog is going on elsewhere.  Its only natural, and by doing so doesnt take away from the tragedy that occurred today.  Please!   Also, not everyone wants to prey, but I respect your grieving process and in return, you might try respecting others.  For some, this means talking about gun control, and by the many comments Ive seen many people  want to discuss it today!  Actually, its quite simple, if you dont want to discuss it, then dont.  However , if people feel the need to do so, then they should.   In the meantime, I will respect your desire not to engage on the topic of gun control laws.Novato Native5:41 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Sean,Its common decency in a time of crisis to mourn for the victims, not to discuss how they could have been saved. And I didn't ask you to hold off for a week or a month. I asked for one day, but if you would like to continue to make arguments about gun control, then thats your choice. I was just trying to make an argument that maybe you should wait ONE DAY before calling for action.I can help you start your conversation on gun control laws tomorrow. I agree that gun control should not wait for months, but honestly, whats today going to change? The days already half over, so get a plan in place for tomorrow and write an opinion section on your Patch. Start a website and start reaching out to people who can help you affect change in the laws. Social media has worked literal miracles in campaigning Senators and House Members to vote for laws and to advocate for important issues. Calling for more discussion and action without a plan on how to best use that action is useless. Yes, there needs to be a discussion about gun control, but if you're so passionate, find a way to enact change. Talking about a problem won't solve it, action will. Plan today, act tomorrow is what I was asking, and I didn't communicate that clearly in my earlier posts. And if you don't want to take my advice and take action, then I guess you're willing to wait months to see change too.Sean Tully6:53 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Novato, read Todd's statement.  It says it best.You'd better tell CNN, MSNBC, FOX, members of Congress, to all stop talking about gun control, because they are all doing it to.  It is part of the news today.David2:27 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012RHODE ISLAND STANDS WITH EVERYONE AFFECTED BY THIS TRAGEDY. OUR HEARTS ARE WITH THOSE ANGELS AND THEIR FAMILIES.ReplyBetty Spence2:28 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I just heard on CNN that closer to 30 killed, the majority children...My God, how and why does this happen to 5-9 year old children ??? Divine Spirit please comfort these poor, bereaved parents. So very painful, could be my grandchildren.There are no words for this type of insanity !! Sending healing light and love from NE GA...ReplyB2:28 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Ryan Lanza, from Newtown, but now living in Hoboken NJ is the shooter.ReplyJMS2:29 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers from New Haven.ReplyA2:30 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Ryan Lanza, 24  was the shooter.ReplySean Tully2:31 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Americans go right into predictable action after each of these senseless slaughters.  The good hearted people send prayers and thoughts.  The gun lover, including Fox News, begin immediately to talk about the "despicable act" of one crazed man.  And yet nothing changes.  The real question is when will Americans stand up for themselves and demand real gun control?ReplyHarry2:45 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Sean,  the gun didn't go off by itself.   Stop blaming Fox news for everything you disagree with on the right.   Instead of thinking about political ideology here,   pray for the families.gun control only takes guns out of the hands of law abiding citizens and leaves people like this to do as they will.Sean Tully3:03 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Harry is using two of the arguments I outlined:1.  Don't blame the guns.2.  Now is not the time...pray for the families.Harry, how do you know I haven't prayed for the families?Nita Hand3:30 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Sean, out of respect for the families affected, please stop posting today. Just stop.Be a man and show some self-restraint.Sean Tully4:03 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Nita, it is out of respect for the dead that I am raising my voice - today!Bertram2:31 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012This morning in Wisconsin I attended an all-school assembly where each kindergartner stood before the microphone and read aloud what gift he or she would give to the world. How joyful it was! Now I am horrified and shocked. My deepest sympathies are with the people of the Sandy Hook community. I am so sick that violent executions of innocents occur so frequently in America.ReplyA2:33 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Killed his father in Jersey, then his mother in Newtown, then a teacher he knew at the school (among the others).ReplyB2:34 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Ryan Lanza, from Newtown, but now living in Hoboken NJ is the shooter. His mother is also dead.Replyjerky3:26 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Not "now living in Hoboken NJ". Now burning in hell.Lara Messer5:20 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012They are saying it was NOT Ryan but Adam (younger brother)..Unknown2:36 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Reminds me of the bomb threats. Look up copperas cove independent school district. That's where I go to schoolReplyTomsRiverMom2:38 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012An entire nation is heartbroken and shaken with grief for your community. Prayers from NJ to your community and all those affected.ReplyTeresa Fennimore2:39 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012To the residents of Newtown--I hope you can feel the arms of prayer and love around you from all over.  You are all in our prayers, tears, and thoughts.  May you find comfort in each other and know that you are being thought about.  Wish there was a way to lessen the pain.  God bless your community and all of those who are suffering.ReplyJessica W.2:39 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I can't believe people are on the topic of video games. A lot of people play violent video games and don't go out into the public and decide to just shoot innocent people. All of the people that decide to do something such as this obviously have some very important screw loose in their head. Let's think about the psychological perspectives and quit blaming the video games. We all have minds of our own, and make our own decisions.ReplyJAZ2:41 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Our nation mournsReplySean Tully2:42 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I mourn but I am also very angry.John Crandall2:41 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from a Patch Freelancer in Orange County, CA.ReplyJasmine2:47 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers from a Patch employee in VA.ReplyJuly2:47 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I really don't like to repeat this... but guns don't kill... people do... OK... You can regulate and/or ban guns... Can you regulate and/or ban mental illness? This following is not mine... yet so profound... "We don't need metal detectors... we need mental detectors"...ReplySean Tully3:05 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Guns don't kill people but nuts with easy access to guns do.  They do in our malls, churches, schools, movies, cities, and on and on.Francesca3:23 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012You can regulate whether or not mentally ill people should have access to automatic weapons; you can make people wait for background checks until they are allowed to buy guns. We are more careful giving people drivers' licenses. Just what do you think "well regulated" means in the 2nd Amendment???Sean Tully4:03 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Amen, Francesca.Sheila Wittenberger2:48 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Look up his Twitter feed. A month's worth of hateful and depressing comments.ReplyLove253:09 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012His twitter is crazy.Watts3:14 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Is this his twitter:https://twitter.com/Ryan__LanzaLove253:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012It's not his twitter, he commented that we have the worng person, however from his rants this kid needs help too.Watts3:38 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012If anything, maybe this other kid's parents are now able to see what he has been saying on line and maybe save him from whatever fate may have been in store for him.  Reading that stuff sounded just like the types of comments that would lead to a tragedy like this.Martin2:48 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from Irmo, SC.ReplyDeb Statz2:49 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My heart and prayers go out to the families of the victims of this horrific tragedy  :'(  RIPReplyamber moser2:49 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012so so sorry i have four childern and fear this stuff everyday i have no faith in humanity them poor babies this makes me sick to my stomache all of our thoughts and prayers from mio michiganReplyPamela2:50 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers to all those students, teachers, and parents of children at Sandy Hook School from PA.ReplyChris Corbett2:50 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012From South San Francisco, Ca, my condolences to the victims and their families.  I am speechless and can only say, "I am truly sorry."  There are too many people walking around with guns and frustration today, that's for sure...ReplyJoanne White2:51 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012t's very inconceivable that someone could be that distraught to do something so incredible horrible as this! My heart hurts and I will pray for all the families that have been effected by such a devastating tragedy!!!! God Bless all of them!!!ReplyJennifer Calabro2:51 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers coming to you from NH.Replymorninmist2:52 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I agree with this tweet.   RightWingWatch MA @RWwatchMA  1m  #mapoli RT @anamariecox Looking forward to National Time to Talk About Gun Control Day, which is always tomorrow.ReplyHarry2:53 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My prayers and i'm sure all of our prayers going out to all the familiesReplye2:55 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012prayers from Irvine, CaliforniaReplyJennifer Ed2:56 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Oh, I cried out loud in the car when I heard this news.  He killed a Kindergarten class of innocents and his own Mother?  my god, what has this generation come to with violence?  They must be desensitized to horror, hurt & humiliation.  We used to wonder why a friend refused tv in her home when the boys were growing up, now we think she was the smartest person alive.  They didn't have the constant, in-your-face violence staring back at them from the tube like most do today.  I know the violence can touch anyone but if we keep on feeding it to kids in videos, games and the like as they're growing up, they may know no other way...since Bad can easily "correct" a problem or issue since the consequence of Bad is simply a hard word to spell!ReplyJessica W.4:02 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012How can you say this generation? It's my generation, so I take offense to that. They are people with screws loose who can't deal with the world for one reason or another. The rest of "this generation" have their heads screwed on tight, thank you very much.14:26 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Jen, TV and video games have NOTHING to do with it! The fact that guns are more accessable and often cheaper than mental health treatment is the real problem!Novato Native2:56 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers for all the families affected from CaliforniaReplyScott Van't Land2:56 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada. My own four children would have been at this school. My condolences to all those who lost loved ones, and my deepest sympathies to everyone affected by this terrible tragedy.ReplyKorrina Grom3:07 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012What a truly horrific tragedy. Thoughts and prayers to the Newtown community from northern Illinois.ReplyKathy3:11 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from Stanton, California...god bless those innocent soulsReplyrandy3:12 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012prayers from Laguna Niguel, CAReplyNita Hand3:16 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I live in Atlanta and just wanted to extend my sincere condolences to everyone personally affected by this horrific, mind-numbing tragedy. One cannot even begin to fathom such a senseless, sickening event. The tragedy is compounded by the fact that it happened during this holiday season.  Please know I was in a store when the news broke and we were all crying and offering up prayers. God bless you all!ReplyErin3:16 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from Rochester Hills, MI.To families, school and first responders who must deal with this horrific scene.God bless...ReplyCL3:17 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Beaumont School District should work with Beaumount PD to do drills at all schools teaching kids what to do when they hear gun shots. It's important!ReplyCL3:17 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Beaumont School District should work with Beaumount PD to do drills at all schools teaching kids what to do when they hear gun shots. It's important!ReplyPamela tillman3:22 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Mercy and grace From Indiana please lord have mercy. They where still babies.ReplyB T3:23 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Please for the love of God, from a Newtown resident, CEASE WITH THE POLITICS.  have some common sense and respectReplyJM3:23 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from NJ, I cannot fathom what these families are enduring.  I have 6 and 9 yr old boys, my heart is breaking for those children that are gone.  I am lighting a candle on my porch tonight.ReplyDarlaEllis3:25 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from the state of Wyoming for God's grace and mercy to sustain all concerned. Our hearts hurt.ReplyBeth Dalbey3:26 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012You have my heart and whatever power my prayer can bring you today.ReplyK3:28 pm on Friday, December 14, 201227 dead and 18 of them children, these physchos should turn the gun on themselves instead of taking innocents people's lives. I wish the guy who did this didn't die so he can rot in a jail cell till his death sentence came and die in front of the world watching like these innocent children died in front of the world watching and they didn't do anything wrong.ReplyTodd3:59 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I can understand your anger, but I think it's best when they kill themselves.  Why waste anymore energy on them.Lara Messer3:28 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012To the people of Newton: As a mother of three children and now grandchildren and a teacher of 2/3 year olds who I adore, my heart aches for you all.  My thoughts and prayers are with all of you as you grieve and later begin to heal....  LaraMinneapolis, MNReplyMichael Vertucci3:28 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012thoughts and prayers to newtown comminty and familys fromdrakes branch va.Replykathy pedano3:34 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I am heartbroken, distraught, absolutely stricken and sickened. How could a senseless act happen to children? How could this world be so sick to hurt innocent chidlren. I have 4 children, how do I explain this to them and how will they eer feel safe again to just go to school??? I am with you, all  of you. My heart is with all those angels who just went to heaven. My heart is with all the parents. If i can ever help any of you please let me know.ReplyNita Hand3:35 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012They are now saying the shooter is Adam Lanza, now dead and Ryan Lanza is in custody.ReplyT 223:42 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My deepest, deepest condolences from California to these people. I lost my son to a shooter in February. I don't know what the answer is about gun control. I do know, had my son had a gun that day, the circumstances could have been different. I also know that if his murderer didn't have a gun, my son would be alive today.ReplyJason3:43 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Truly horrific.  Guns allow people power to kill without the thought or physical power.  Guns kill, that's why the army and police have them and it's the weapon of choice.  I have yet to see 27 people killed by a knife-wielding psychopath.  Or even an RPG. That because the local Walmart or weapons store doesn't sell RPGs.  The right to bear arms was truly poorly constructed wording for our time and if our Fore Fathers would have witnessed today's heinous act, they would have rewritten it.  England doesn't have the mass killings and think we are nuts for putting up with the NRA.  They have serious restrictions on hunting rifles.  Now are we not sick and tired of 20 year olds who play lots of shooter video games going over the deep end and shooting up little kids.  Let us join together to silence the NRA.ReplyBrenda Bowler3:44 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012How truly horrifing.  As a mother I can not even begin to stress my sorrow to those who have lost their loved one.  My prayers go to each and eveyone who was involved in this terrible tragedy.  My God look over each and every one of you and help you through this time.   God Bless you all.ReplyTatum Ryan3:44 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012You all are in our thoughts and hearts in Hartland, Michigan.Replygisela3:45 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012What a tragedy, unbelievable, when I was a kid in Europe, people didn't have any guns, ONLY THE POLICE AND THE MILITARY,  here everybody has a gun, you are not save anywhere, church, movietheater, shopping malls, schools etc.  SAD these little children, all excited for santa claus, my prayers go out for all.Replybanguns7:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I agree gisela law enforcement only, Pheasant hunters etc get a new hobby.Brooke Tajer3:52 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thought and prayers from all of us here in White Lake and Highland, MI.ReplyAnne3:53 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012many prayers from Novato, CAReplyProud White American3:53 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012This once Great Country has gone down hill. What happened to America. The terrorist are taking all kind of shapes & sizes these Days, and another thing we need to keep out the illegals & anyone else from entering into Our America. Any non American must go Wake up America We need to take Our Country back from these SavagesReplySean Tully4:06 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012What is wrong with America in this instance is lack of strict gun control. It is really very simple. The U. S. is the only developed country in the world that has this type of thing happen on a regular basis. But, hey, we are well armed to the teeth in case out government tries anything funny. Grrrrr!Wellington Mot5:28 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012@Proud "Ugly" American: you are part of the past; I am glad you have the burden of carrying all of that ignorance and hatred...it will surely shorten your life, and that's seems like a good thing for American and American's in general.Rosalinda Oropeza Randall3:54 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Dear Connecticut:  As your fellow countrymen, we can only offer you our deepest sympathy, prayers, thoughts, and tears as you mourn.  It unimaginable to us to know what you are experiencing, and to say we do, would be insulting.  We are deeply sorry.   A California ResidentReplymorninmist3:55 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I think today is the day to talk guns!Benjamin Silverstein @bensilverstein  1h  Come to the @whitehouse at 4:30PM & tell @BarackObama #TodayIsTheDay to lead on gun violence prevention noi12.co/U0yTTI @neworganizingReplyWellington Mot5:25 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Not while 18 kids are still at the school(!)Rosalinda Oropeza Randall4:00 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Dear Everyone: Out of respect, no matter what your stance is, please save the politicizing and opinions about guns for later. Think of the immediate; the parents who have lost their child! Arguments later. Just my opinion.ReplySean Tully4:17 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Is tomorrow okay?  How about next week?  Maybe we should wait until the next mass shooting?  What do you think?Janice Fleming4:04 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012We are praying for the families and the town of Connecticut.ReplyCarol4:04 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012This is so heartbreaking.  My thoughts and prayers are with all of you. Doylestown,PAReplyJill Dillingham4:05 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012The prayers of Winnetka IL are with youReplyBarbara Brushett England4:07 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012As a parent myself, I can't even imagine the pain these parents are going through, my heart breaks for you. Thoughts and prayers are with you all.  ~Newport, RIReplylisa4:07 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012We respond vs prevent. Our schools & malls like medical bldgs must have gun detection not allowes to be off much like s.calif rialto banks have a dual door.  Ya can't get past door two with a weapon . We must educate by required classes each year about problem solving... vs phys ed if we must or add 30 min to ea day. Kids today and young adults grow up with gadgets and software . .social networks. Thus no communication skills. My 22 MTH granddaughter can use a ipad well but little patience for books etc. Parents are not all good and even those that are teachers which I witnessed when volunteering.  Kids must have an outlet vs guns that get attention.  I believe all the recent shooters are linked to a blog or social network. Too much similarity and ages.  It looks like this shooter got little attention andvsaw his moms class as fault.  Home shooting I'm speculating .. what was moms dating.. intimate life ???    Knowing won't help but acting will. Someone dies from car accidents.  ..paralysed every 48 hours yet our government does little besides paper push.   We need better leaders state and fed and city levels and us to ensure they are qualified and act like now.    All my care and hope for healing to all.  Odd huricane sandy still has people hurting yet the world was promised by our president.  I am not anti obama btwReplyMisty Stenberg4:09 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers, more prayers and hugs from Michigan to everyone in Newtown CT and surrounding areas. I cannot even begin to to know your pain. I pray that your angels are with and watching over you all. For those on here arguing for or against gun control this is not the time or place to bicker and call names. Go tweet it or something. Families lives have been shattered and they need support not arguing.Replylisa4:11 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012It is said ryan is in custody .. adam is deceased & unclear why he is in custody. This conflict s but I am in nevadaReplyBrett Mauser4:11 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thank you to Newtown Patch for all of its efforts.ReplyMarcheta Fair-Holman4:11 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers to the families who lost their small and innocent little babies in such a violent way. May you find comfort and peace in God and His mercy be upon you!ReplyOlive A Bopp4:12 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Parents of murdered 5-yr.olds are wondering how the shooting was possible. Don't we KNOW? Of course, it's not only possible! It's inevitable. And it will happen again. Wake up! All the gun freaks who ever rattled off the NRA mantra, "Guns don't kill people", are complicit in the deaths of these poor children. Those children did not die of "people" holes. They died of bullet wounds that you enabled their killer to inflict. You did it! You took the lives of the tiny children by claiming rights that you did not earn. The blood that poured from their tiny bodies is blood that you were willing to sacrifice for your own selfish, paranoid delusions of entitlement. Until you are willing to admit that "Yes, indeed. guns took the lives of these children and countless thousands of others", the rest of us are dragged down into the hell you have created for our country. As long as you insist that each and every one of the millions in our country must be allowed to belong a gun toting militia of would-be killers, you are complicit in murder. Stop babbling the idiotic NRA mantra and look for a solution. NOW!ReplyWellington Mot5:24 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I too am disgusted by the NRA's tactics, but today is not the day to promote an agenda re gun control OR the right to bear arms. As I write this comment 18 small children are lying dead on a classroom floor at Sandy Hook, now is not the time for anything but grief.Kim5:35 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I would think at this time you should have more to say about prayers for these families than your rants which do nothing but incite more rage and emotions.Wellington Mot5:40 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012@Kim what "rants"? Where? Do you know how to read?Katie Ryan O'Connor4:12 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012We just published an update on this story from the press conference that just concluded.Replyjonathan Marshall4:12 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I cannot begin to express my feeling of sorrow for the families of the children and your community. Absolutely Heartbreaking.Replylisa4:19 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Politicians use these life altering moments to bicker gun control. No one shutts them up . President eluded to it being the cause on his speech but it is much deeper and it started and ended with a child that became a man having no where to place his life events ..  choices.Reply14:28 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Lisa if this guy didn't have access to so many automatic weapons, he wouldn't have been able to kill nearly 30 people! The fact is in America guns are more available and cheaper than mental health treatment!Karen Brazzel4:21 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thought's and prayers Love and support are with you from HOPE, Arkansas.. May God be with you and your families. My heart is breaking, and I just can not believe this has happened. This feels like a bad dream and God knows I wish it were. PLEASE FIND COMFORT IN GOD AND KNOW  ALL OF YOUR BABIES ARE IN HEAVEN AND WITH OUR JESUS. YOU WILL SEE THEM AGAIN!!!!ReplySheila Wittenberger4:23 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012We just got back from visiting neighbors in our beloved Newtown. All parents were waiting at the bus stops for their children. All mothers in Newtown were visibly upset and crying. We saw a little girl get off the bus and run into her mother's arms. Her mother was still holding her tight in the same spot 2 minutes later, afraid to let go. The grief and shock is palpable here, all eyes are puffy and wet with tears. All of us feel the pain for those parents and families, but feel helpless, we can offer them nothing but prayer to ease their pain.ReplyWellington Mot5:19 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012And now your community will have to endure the NRA circus act that will pull into town to defend the shooter's right to bear arms like they have done at so many other communities that have experienced horrific gun violence in the past.  They usually will organize such rallys within a short period of time from the violence.Lori E. Switaj4:24 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Our deepest condolences from Avon and Avon Lake, Ohio.Replylisa4:24 pm on Friday, December 14, 201220 kids now deceased. A riflelike the one used in oregon was found in the moms car.  I am serious these boys are connectedReply14:29 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I actually saw a few gun nuts claim "if the teachers and kids were armed, this would have been prevented" - Seriously, what the funk is wrong with you gun nuts?ReplyMS Prayers4:29 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from the state of Mississippi. As a mother of two, soon to be three, small children and a former K-12 educator, my heart bleeds for the families of the victims. May the Lord God cover and keep you during this tragic time.ReplyStevo4:31 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012It's so tragic that this can happen anywhere at anytime. My thoughts and prayers to these poor families and friends of those children!!Replylisa4:31 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012How does a 24 yr old legally have all these guns ... he can't even rent a car till 25. Law does need a change.  Cbs news is doing a great job. 28 deceased as one adult is at the home. Adam lanza is indeed the deceased shooter. Ryan is the younger brother.ReplyJake4:31 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers from the Chaplains office Fort Carson, CO US ArmyReplyjaime alvelo4:35 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My condolences to the familes afflicted by this tragedyJaime AlveloPuerto RicoReplyKaren4:39 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012sincerest condolences, thoughts and prayers from the Philippines, from Hayward, Ca & from a parent to another and the rest of the people involve in this tragedy. no child should die a worthless death and no parent should bring their kids to the grave. hope healing, if in any way possible, comes faster than christmas.ReplyJeff L.4:39 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I pray that God will comfort your community and all of the parents who lost a beautiful child today.  We surely live in a fallen world.  I can only begin to comprehend the agony that they must be going through.  I can't even type this w/o crying.Jeff in VirginiaReplylisa4:39 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Teachers proved what communication and leadership does. They needed no guns. He was equipped to kill and this could have been far worse thouh awful enough. Perhaps if parents had resources for adult children in need this could have been prevented. Once 18 our hands are so tied. Family.   Friends have to speak out to an agency that can research.  No different than domestic abuse.  Most around the abuser know and do nothing.Reply14:43 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012According to accounts, this kid was clearly mentally ill/unstable yet was able to buy these guns and ammo legally with no problem. Again, guns are cheaper and more accessable in the US than mental health treatment...Fran4:42 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Heartfelt condolences from a small French village. Impossible to fathom what is going through the mind of someone who attacks a class of children in an elementary school with powerful weaponry. What a tragedy. FranReplydennis4:44 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I like to send my condolenses to the familys who lost there loved ones I'm a 44 yr old man with no children and I'm from and live in rhode island I'm just tired of the killings first the bat man masicre in colorado then the mall shuting in portland or then this one at school in ct once again I'm so deeply sorry mt name is dcc p.s take care and be safe o and Ithink schools need metle detecters and.school police no one should be killed bu a young chiled that breaks my heart I'm so sad thank u and thoughts r with me and prayersReplyAngela4:44 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012From Maryland, my heart and prayers are with everyone in your community and may those dear souls rest in peace.ReplyWellington Mot4:45 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012All of the GUN NUTS need to SHUT-UP for today!!!!!!!!! There are 18 small children lying dead RIGHT NOW on a classroom floor at Sandy Hook and you want to promote your political agenda and defend the murderous dog's right to bear arms????!!!! HAVE SOME HUMAN DECENCY.Reply14:52 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Republicans (ie. the NRA) have no decency!Pam J9:42 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Well, unfortunately they were shot, so I think gun control is an appropriate thing to talk about.  I don't think it's a political agenda.  I think it's a personal one.  I don't know one Republican who likes guns.  I know a lot of Democrats that don't like guns.  But these children and the faculty members were shot.  You just can't get around that.  And this article is about a shooting.  A horrible, horrible shooting.Paul Kastuk4:46 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012There are no words... Pray for the families.ReplyAshley4:47 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I'm so sorry for your communities loss, especially around this time of year. This whole thing breaks my heart. Sending lots of love and prayers your way from Maryland. <3Replysusan4:48 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012they need to do mental evaluations for current and future gun ownersReplyRosemary C.4:52 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I would love to see just one right winger come out and say we need to have tighter gun control. These sensel;ess acts of violence must stop.ReplyEric4:56 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I am deeply saddened by this terrible event.My thoughts and prayers are with you.Eric from HoustonReplyAnnie4:59 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Prayers and love from Vancouver, BC, CanadaReplyErica5:00 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012We are on our knees with grief in the Bay Area, California.  God bless Newtown, CT.ReplyZain Khan5:00 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Condolences to the grieving families. I hope the USA government makes it harder for people to purchase guns. Otherwise, this kind of incidents will keep happening. AucklandNew ZealandReplyKaren Woehrle Williamson5:01 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Many prayers for.the families. Rip. .ReplyStephen Roberts5:03 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Condolences to the families of the victims. We are all shocked.Johannesburg, South AfricaReplyCori5:04 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My heart is broken for your loss.  Thoughts and prayers from Texas.ReplyWellington Mot5:04 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I have read that Adam Lanza was the shooter, not his brother, Ryan Lanza. ALso, that Adam is developmentaly disable (?) Anyone local there that can confirm?ReplyPeter Tabmow5:06 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Another proud day for the NRA... not doubt those gun industry whores will be recommending that grade school kids carry firearms to prevent his kind of thing happening again. Our reckless gun laws are an untreated cancer on the republic -- and if we the people fail to rise up and fight that cancer, the republic will die.ReplyDeborah Taber5:07 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Iam a mom and grandmom! My Heart is Breakeing for all! My Prayers go out. Deborah Taber, Madison, INReplyLaura Johnson5:09 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Right now we need to set the politics aside and focus on this enormous and tragic loss. Later we can talk politics, but now is the time for our prayers. Newtown, our prayers and condolences are with you in this time of great sadness and tragedyReplyWellington Mot5:15 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Yes. As opposed to the NRA method of actually going to the communities that have experienced horrific gun violence (usually right after they occure) to promote thier agenda and shut slogan's like "from my cold dead hands" to describe the only circumstances where they would give up their guns. They have done this on many occasions in the past, will they dare try it in THIS case?Gabriela5:14 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012If the shooters brother states Adam was "developmentally disabled,' & had "history of mental illness," then how did this 20yr old get all these guns??:  "Associated Press is reporting the gunman who rampaged through the Sandy Hook Elementary School was armed with four guns including a high-powered rifle"...ReplyPam J9:44 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012It was reported that the guns were registered to his mother.AJ Brown5:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Our prayers are with you, my family is knealing for you and weaping for your unbelievable loss. May God comfort you during this terrible time.  Austin-TXReplyc5:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012This is heart wrenching prayers go out to all in CT and NJ. It's not the guns.  We have made life none real.  Everyone lives in their electronics and in videos, movies, texting and on facebook nothing is Real anymore.  When I heard the story of the man that was thrown on the tracks a few weeks ago and was killed by the train I was more disturbed with the person taking the pictures and everyone watching instead of helping than the fact that he was thrown on the tracks.  I witnessed something similar the other day were someone needed cpr and only one person stepped up out of a whole group.  You can say this is bystander effect I disagree I watched some of these people it was like they were not there it was like they were sitting in front of a computer or TV.  15-20 years ago when someone needed help more people jumped in to help.  With our smart phones and computers and tv's and being linked in we no longer are LINKED IN to reality.  Unfortunately it's not as simple as a gun or a knife I think it goes much deeper than that.  When people become so disattached with society they don't know how to interact correctly and when something is wrong in someone's life here in this 24 yr olds, technology can't fix it but that's all they know.  Technology, texting and fb are all great but it can't replace real relationships.  This, the Macy's shooting the train tragedy are all awful my thoughts and prayers go out to all involved.  This Christmas can we unplug for our family and friends?ReplySteve D.5:25 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Unspeakable tragedy.  There are no words, only tears as I try to send my condolences, prayers and thoughts to the victims of this monstrous atrocity.ReplyJeremy Fowler5:26 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012First, my heart goes out to the friends and family of the victims, both child and adult alike.Second, why not instead of demanding more gun control laws, we try something that has already proven to work?  Education.Educate people about guns, I'm not saying train them at all.  Folks can get enough training with violent video games.  However, just like it took us years to start doing a true SexEd course, why not have a true Gun Education course?ReplyRobert Lutton5:26 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012We, here, in Newcastle, Hunter Valley, New South Wales, Australia, are with you, in your sadness andl grief. We pray for you, and shall be with you, in our pleadings, Masses and prayersRobert LuttonReplyMike McCarthy5:27 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012So after reading all this talk about guns and killing does anyone actually know WHY he did it. Seems to me the solution as always lies in the WHY. And that is impossible to know since most of these crazies kill themselves afterward. If someone wants someone dead they will do it however they can. In my opinion as long as there are angry people there will be killing, history certainly supports that theory.ReplyDaksha Howard5:30 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Praying for the families who lost their loved ones in this senseless tragedy... May god surround you with his peace and comfort you in his loving arms... RIP Little angels and the teachers.... Praying for the community too, know that you are not alone, your fellow Americans are mourning with you and we are here to carry your loss and burden.... God bless youReplyK.L. Stotesbery5:39 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Our constitution was written AT a different time and FOR a different time.  Back then the Brits were making Americans house British soldiers and there wasn't much of a police force to do anything about it.  Also, back then, all they had for guns was muskets that took nearly a full minute to reload.  I can't help but think that if our forefathers could see the mayhem resulting from allowing anybody to possess any kind of gun they would commit suicide.  I don't see how we could ban guns now, with all the guns already out there, but I surely do think that clubs, knives, etc., are far less likely to be used in these horrible mass killings.ReplyErin Faulk5:39 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012You're in our thoughts and hearts, from Pittsburgh, Pa.ReplyAmy5:44 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Atlanta GA is praying for you Newton CT.  So sorry.Replyevil america5:44 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Violent video games are to blame.Replyrandy g.5:46 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012randy living in atlanta via new orleans, my love and prayers go out to you guys, god bless you and stay strong for each otherReplyVictoria Godfrey5:47 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My condolences and prayers gos out to all the families that have suffered a great lose today.  I pray for them all.  God bless those beautiful babies souls.  I am so heartbroken over this tragedy.....ReplyCCL5:48 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Love and prayers from Madison, CT...a town like Newtown...my heart is broken for all of you, especially those who lost their precious children and loved ones...senseless evilReplyMarshall Burke5:51 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012This president will make a difference. He doesn't have to cave to the NRAReplybarb elefante5:53 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012In the light of this mayb current gun laws will change. I had the joy of watching my father shoot at my brother and jam the end of a pistol down my moms throat..also a dear friend of mom lost her bf at 17 cause he was playing with his dads shotgun....yea for gunsReplyVictoria Godfrey5:53 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012From St. Louis, MO.  Sending you in Newtown, our sympathy and,, condolences.  May The Good Lord, bless you all.ReplyKim5:57 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Everyone is asking how he purchased these guns, do we even know if HE was actually the purchaser of the guns.ReplyStephanie Dolce5:59 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I just want to send my love, prayers and condolences for all the families dealing with such a loss.  There are special Angels in Heaventhat are a part of me.It is not where I wanted thembut where God wanted him to be.They were here but just a momentlike a night time shooting star.And though they are in HeavenThey aren't very far.They touched the heart of manylike only Angels can do.So I send this special messageto the Heaven up above.Please take care of my Angelsand send them all my love.If I could help in any way, please let me know. God Bless.ReplyLivermore, CA6:01 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012There are no words for the emptyness and sorrow you must be feeling. As a mother of three children (4, 6, and 8), I am grieving with you. I hope you find peace, somehow.ReplyThomas Lamar Shirley6:07 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Isn't it easy to blame the guns.What amazes me is trhat folks are not blameing the real culprit here.SOCIETY that has become so desencitized by the MEDIA and MOVIE INDUSTRY and TELEVISION INDUSTRY,that death,in whatever form,has becomwe the NORM!     Guns are not the problem...TODAYS SOCIETY IS THE PROBLEM!S.C.ReplyRandy Paschal6:15 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012really Thomas, I agree with part but without guns or tighter controlRandy Paschal6:10 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I am just stunned....I have 4 that are elementrary school age & I just don't get it. Why on God's green earth would anyone shoot kindergardners!!!! I mean my God, what could they have really done to deserve this & 11 days before christmas, really? I live in Indiana but would do anything to help comfort those families who lost a parent or child.....this is suppose to be a season of giving not TAKING!!!!My heart goes out to you all & so does our prayers....RandyReplyit could be me6:14 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012The little children, there parents, and teachers will be in my prayers A NJ GrandfatherReplyNuitari6:17 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Michael Moore tweets that The NRA Hates FreedomLittle Dictator Mayor Michael Bloomberg wants Obama "[To] take immediate executive action."Obama hints: "... And were going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this, regardless of the politics."Gov. Mario Cuomo proclaims: "We as a society must unify and once and for all crack down on the guns that have cost the lives of far too many innocent Americans."Occupy Wall Street tweets: "Guns don't kill people, capitalism kills people."Piers Morgan tweets: "Another day, another horrific shooting - this time at an elementary school in Connecticut. America's gun culture has to change."David Frum tweets: "Shooting at CT elementary school. Obviously, we need to lower the age limit for concealed carry so toddlers can defend themselves."ReplySkip Kekewich6:31 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Skip in CanadaI can only say how sad this day has become and how i want to roll the day back so it never happens. But we live in a very fragile world, never knowing what is around the next corner. I'll scream my feelings at the world but for now my heart and soul are mourning along with the loved ones who have lost their innocent little ones, and family members in this senseless tradgey.ReplySusan Koomar6:37 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012God bless you and comfort you. We send you our love and prayers from the Patch team in Lehigh Valley, Pa.ReplyJason Vega6:38 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012lone gunman?  what happened to the guy driving away in the red truck who got the windows shot out?Replysteph6:38 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012my condolences go out to the families that lost a loved one today. I can't imagine what any of you must be going through. your community is and will continue to be in my thoughts and prayers-a sad and heart broken mother in RIReplySB6:41 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Many prayers for the community of Newtown. America mourns with you. We are confused, saddened and angry for your loss. We will stand with you. Prayers from Brooklyn, NY.ReplyChristine Easow6:45 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Our prayers and thoughts are with you all.ReplyAmanda M6:48 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Australians have woken up to see this and our hearts go out to the families of the victims and as a parent of children around the same age, my heart breaks to think of those parents and what they are going through especially this close to Christmas.  As for the gun laws debate, I can honestly say that I have never seen a real gun ever in Australia and automatic weapons are killing machines that should never be available to the public.  The only legal gun owners in Australia have licences and mainly are farmers or enjoy shooting.  Yes we still have criminals that get guns and shootings and they can still get guns if they try but we don't have any of this tragedy and the main shootings are between criminals (and our poor Police officers).  Gun laws do work and maybe this tragedy may not have happened or less victims if you had some gun control in your country.  Those poor little children are the victims and they need more protection from these kinds of things.Replybanguns7:37 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thats right, and USA needs to do the same, this whole thing about right to protect yourself, well we do just fine in that area, its called ringing 000. Perhaps you wouldn't need to protect yourself , if people didn't run about with guns in first place. I think Obama will act on this one, time to do some melting!, like it or not video games/guns do have an impact. Amanda M, I've never seen a real gun either dont want to either, poor souls !RIP.kenneth winthrop jr6:55 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I have gone through the posts here and todays events are sad and people have said ban all guns, here is the problem as i see it i will use to countries with the most restrictive gun laws in the world great britian, and australia they have violent crime and and it has gone up since guns were restricted now in a perfect world maybe your right we need no guns but that world doesn't exist now or in the future so until then i will keep my lawful guns.Replybanguns7:38 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012kenneth winthrop jr, no it hasn't gone up at all, there will always be crime, just not of this nature!!!.Jenna Reese9:27 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012I will keep mine too.  Once you surrender one constitutional right, you will surrender them all..This has nothing to do with "guns".  It has more to do with progressive policies - take G-d out of everything, take away personal responsibility, reward entitlement, punish morality, guarantee equal outcome - then you have a society that can't control itself.  It is the about "guns", it is about what leads someone to do this.  Our mental health laws have been so liberalized that people like this very sick individual are not compelled to seek treatment and parents sadly have fewer and fewer rights to get the help for their loved ones who may need it.  In a managed care world, and with the current MH laws, get them in and out in a day or 2.Al Mayer aka Mayerman7:09 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012A very sad day for Newtown, CT. My thoughts and prayers are with you all.Al Mayer aka MayermanReplySouzee7:10 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012So innocent and young, so much that we have experienced and they never will. My condolences to all the children's families and loved ones. I feel so much sorrow for you trying to understand. Also, for the school staff that did not have a chance to protect the children. They would have if they could have.ReplyRB7:12 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I live in England in a small village and have four children I would be lost without my kids I love them so much!!! As I sit here am saddened by what has happened in Newton, I could not imagine what it would feel like and hope I never do. The world we live in today has changed and evolved but its what we do next that could stop anyone else taking lives.  The general public are not allowed guns here I have never seen one, held one or know anyone with one, the police aren't even allowed them on patrol, I would like to keep it this way. I will be thinking of the family and send my love xReplybanguns7:15 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Terrible guys ! follow Australia's legislation ban them ! how many more do you need to prove guns are bad???.ReplyAl Mayer aka Mayerman7:15 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012And the now dead mother of the shooter who was alsoa Kindergarten teacher of the same school was the one who purchased all three guns, including an assault weapon??? WOW!Replykenneth winthrop jr7:15 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012ok so we ban guns and we take them from the law abiding citizens, now we have the criminals that will still have guns and the police how do we get the criminals to give up their guns do we use the military in the streets and hunt the criminals down or do we say well as long as they keep the violence in their areas where they live is fine. I say this not just as a gun owner but removing legal guns from good citizens would not have prevented todays tragedy but sadly would make it more common place these incidents that happen are sad and i can not say i even know how the parents will cope but for every lone gunman that is sick what about the millions of gun owners that have never used theirs guns in any manner other then at the range or in self defense .  I will say that when the guns are limited to the police and the criminals what will you say to the gunman who breaks in your home and threatings ur family please dont shoot us i say before we remove our guns lock all the criminals first gangbangers or people with criminal histories then maybe when the only people left are the good guys and the police come talk to me about my guns and then i will give them up but until then lets pray for the lose felt today but not give in with just emotion because more good people will suffer from a complete gun ban and they will be the good ones not the criminals.ReplySir7:17 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My thoughts and prayers are with all of the children, their families and the community.  I pray for those young children who have left us.  They have found peace.  God bless.ReplyTyler DeNiro-Pipher7:24 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012There are NO words that can take away the Pain and Suffering that these poor families are going through. Pray for the Children and Adults who passed, Pray for the Familes,Pray for the Survivors,Pray for the First Responders and Pray for Love and Strength.  Sending warmth and light to a cold and dark place , w Love and Respect,South FloridaReplyJT Borcher7:30 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers from Green Bay Wisconsin.ReplySusan Larson7:31 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers from Fredericksburg, Va.ReplySabra Bruning7:32 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Here's what I don't understand~~  if the gunman turned the gun on himself in the end then why not have just done that in the beginning and spare other innocents?Why not do ONE good thing before taking his own life?  Why kill them AND THEN HIMSELF?It's mindblowingly senseless.ReplyJeff J7:35 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012More secure procedures at the school's doors.  If you visit the school, you're met at a locked door.  Yes, you have to walk through a metal detector first.  Then the door is unlocked and you enter,  No more buzzing in vistors without an insepction.  We need to add the same kind of security that was added to airplane cockpit doors after 9/11.  A sad state, yes.  But this will avoid at least one future case.ReplyPam J9:54 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I agree completely.  A 20-year-old wearing a bullet-proof vest, mask and carrying several weapons, would never have been let in that school.  Locked doors are the answer.  And I don't think it's a sad state, I think it just makes sense and always has. All those kids and adults at Columbine would still be here if the doors had been locked and they had to be buzzed in.Lisa Duluth11:08 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012The news is reporting the school DID have a locked door.   The shooter had to ring the bell and was viewed on camera.  The prinicipal recognized him as the son of a colleague so she let him in.   It also would not stop parents or staff who had bad intentions.Pam J11:45 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012He apparently had several guns.  How did they not see that?  Granted, if they had one gun and it was hidden under a coat it would be hard to spot.  But how many guns did they say they found in the school?Justin case7:39 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012There's a huge problem with gun control.  The law abiding citizens might give theirs up but no way in hell is a criminal gonna give his up. They're not supposed to have them in the 1st place & their just gonna give them up. That'll never happen.Replyrandy7:41 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012End the violent video gaming and Internet games, folk. Time to pay attention your kids, spend time with them. Don't watch TV or sports while your kids are around.  Time is precious.ReplyMonica Rice11:34 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012AMEN.OrlaK7:45 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers go to the families and friends of your little angels and teachers. From Wexford in Ireland.Replyjbvtme7:48 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012If the British had enforced gun control on the colonists, there would be no United States of America today. This kid was on anti-depressant drugs.  All these shooters are.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtrLBYwIOZsReplyLarissa Watt12:24 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012Good point--Larissa Watt12:27 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012Informative video! psych drugs change a child's developing brain. I would never give it to my kids.Pete Mock7:55 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012We send our deepest sympathies to the good people of Newtown. We greive with you.The MocksBloomfield NJReplytony masi8:00 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012This is just so very, very sad.  I cannot imagine the heartache your community is feeling.  Your loss must be devastating.  I am so sorry for you all.  I wish I could, but I can find no words of consolation to soften this tragedy.  All I can do is cry.ReplySwift Loris8:03 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Love and anguish from Long Branch, NJ. May the little ones rest in peace and those who mourn them find strength to bear their grief.ReplyRoss Ingels8:20 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Our thoughts are with all of the residents of Newtown.Ross Ingels, Novato CaliforniaReplyElizabeth8:21 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012As a former police reporter, I'd like to send my condolences to all affected by this unbearably horribly shooting. In particular, to the local reporters -- you will be tasked with some difficult assignments in the coming days and weeks. You've done a great job under trying circumstances. It is impossible to prepare for events like these.Take care of yourselves. Be nice to each other. Get some rest. Take time to be alone and do nothing.ReplyMonica Rice11:32 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Good advice,Thanks Elizabeth for saying what we all want to.Susan Israel8:29 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012It's a sad world when it's easier to get a gun than a 2-liter bottle of soda. Apparenty the lunatic's family were "gun enthusiasts." See where that got them.ReplyEugenie Diserio8:29 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Guns have been around forever but more people today who have access to guns have slipped into severe mental illness. Today's tragic mass killing is just another incident to add to those in the recent past.  Why are more people psychologically and spiritually deteriorating? What a massive massive tragedy and waste of the precious lives today.  Our prayers to those dedicated educators and 20 innocent kindergarten kids so exuberant and trusting to start of their journey through school. To their families...The love of so many are supporting you during your terrible loss. There are really no words...Replyjerry tashjian8:35 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012ya lets arm this guy and that guy, they will protect us.....until one of them has a bad day or a fight with his wife or argues with another teacher, snaps and does the same stupid thing.    every state has a diff. gun law, which is stupid.  D.O.T. makes every truck driver in the country play by the same rules, but in some states you can walk in any gun store and buy a gun, no questions asked.  its harder to be a trucker than a nut job trying to buy a gun.  let people keep there rights to guns, but make it the same to get one in every state....like MA.  you need gun training, and a wait period to get the gun you want to purchase while they check under every rock about you.....its not idiot safe, but it will make it a little harder....it buys time to let some one with bad intentions cool down a little, and it weeds out the nut jobs.ReplyJade9:13 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012ILL BE PRAYING FOR EVERYONE INVOLVED. Something should have been done years ago, yet it still happins, at schools over and over again. May yhe angels be with you all.... Sincerly jade from californiaReplyJeannie Clinton9:16 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My husband and I are without words tonight.  We are so very sorry for your community and we send our thoughts and prayers.  As a teacher and a mother of a 6 year old, I cannot even imagine how you would begin to even heal after something like this.  My heart breaks for your community.  May you find the strength to begin healing.ReplyKate M. Jackson9:20 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012God bless all of you in Newtown. The world is praying for you.ReplySavannah Crawmer9:22 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Most of you are not even talking about the children. Gun control will NOT solve anything. Drugs are illegal. But people trade them and take them everyday. It's against the law to kill. Guess what, that happens everyday too!!! Guys, this is a horrific crime, but gun control will not solve anything. Has America not figured it out yet? Come on, laws and rules don't stop the force of evil! Use your noggins America! Who objects? Come on, common sense tells us that evil does not play fair. This was a horrific incident, and I feel so sorry for the children who died and survived, and the parents and witnesses. God bless Sandy Hook, and goo day to you all. hug your babies extra tight tonight folks. This is going to be a long night.ReplySusan10:18 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Now is not the time for NRA talking points.Pam J10:23 pm on Friday, December 14, 201226 innocent people were SHOT.  That needs to be talked about.  Because it's liable to happen again when a mentally-unstable person has a problem and has access to a gun.  It needs to be addressed immediately.Mike Campbell11:35 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012When the 2nd amendment was written, we weren't strong enough as a nation to mobilize resources against the tyranny of the king and needed to be able to have grass roots militia forces build up quickly.  My thoughts are that the founding fathers would question the need, or privilege, of all citizens to have lethal force readily available to them of they weren't collectively stable enough to not use it on each other.  We obviously have segments of our population that are not able or willing to cope with their environment rationally.  Should we really make lethal options readily available to them to carry out their dimented fantasies?Again, my heart goes out to the entire Newtown community.   -Mike in San DiegoPam J11:56 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Well, if the mother of this kid was still alive, you could ask her why she had guns in a house with her mentally-unstable son.Lorraine DeVita10:00 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Your profound tragic loss and pain  is beyond words of solace,  beyond comprehension.  20 bright beautiful new angels were given their wings too soon.  Please know that they and you  are in our thoughts, our hearts, our tears and our prayers.ReplyJaime Lynn Ruggiero10:47 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Couldn't have said it better. I held my 20 month old son and cried for hours today just watching this unfold, feeling completely helpless. I wish so badly I could do something. The therapy the kids and adults are going to have to endure is hard enough. How do you explain what these 5,6,7 year olds saw? I mean grown men and woman cant bear to see things like that, how is this going to affect the children who saw all of this unfold? It is so sad, they lost their innocence. They should not know of such horror at that age. God bless all the famillies of the fallen Angels. May they rest in peace and may the children who witnessed this horror have all the tools and resources they need in order for them to get better, if they ever can...I will continue to pray for all....Chilimaker10:24 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012God please bless the familes and community affected by this uncomprehensable tragedy.  We grieve for you and are each saddened beyond words - you will always be in our hearts and prayers.ReplyJaime Lynn Ruggiero10:35 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I cannot begin to describe the grief I feel for the families of the fallen children and adults. I wish so much I can say or do something to make the families feel comfortated through this tragedy. This is a huge loss in America. Innocent children and adults...it makes me sick. As a parent I feel so heartbroken and helpless for the families who lost their loved ones today. Rest in peace, you are all ANGELS. And I pray for the families for peace to be brought to them. People, hug your children and loved ones extra tight today and remind them how much you love them. As we now see more than ever, how quickly they can be gone. RIP If there is anyone interested in setting up a charity for the school please contact me (jaimelynn0601@hotmail.com) as I would love nothing more than to come together and help these people. Sincerely, Jaime Lynn Ruggiero, Dayton, NJReplyG10:50 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I am a Sandy Hook resident and I wish to thank you all for your support, from all over the world. It's a blessing to read so many of these comments (the political remarks can wait a few days, please). Sandy Hook and Newtown residents are truly in mourning and we appreciate all of your thoughts and prayers.ReplyJaime Lynn Ruggiero10:51 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My goodness not only are we no longer safe in schools, but movie theaters, malls, colleges etc. Makes me not even want to send my child to school if I will have to worry each and everyday that something like this can happen. It is happenning way too much and way too often. My heart aches for the parents, grandparents, brothers, sisters, aunts, uncles, and friends of all the Angels who lost their lives in this senseless act of cruelty and horror.ReplyLisa Duluth11:13 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012There is nothing to say to explain such loss and there are no words to say to comfort. Hearts are broken and the pain is felt all the way across the country and the world.  Sending much love, hugs and prayers to these families and the community of Newtown.ReplyBrian M11:16 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I have setup a fund (there is still much work to be done legally) -- stay tuned at www.newtownmemorialfund.org and on facebook https://www.facebook.com/NewtownMemorialFund?ref=streamReplySandyHookElemSchoolVAmom11:19 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012From Sandy Hook Elementary School, Strasburg, VA to Sandy Hook Elementary School, Newtown CT's teachers, parents, students, and families of lost loved ones...many heartfelt prayers for each and every one of you. When I first heard of the attack this morning, I had to re-read it several times to make sure it wasn't the school in my small hometown with a school of the same name....I feel somewhat connected to each and every one of you. I shed tears for you and everyone involved.ReplyMonica Rice11:19 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012I am so sorry that this has happened.I have been praying all day for everyone there.I wish I could be there to help in some way but I  am in Kentucky.Please know that the whole country is praying .ReplyMike Campbell11:20 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My thoughts and prayers go out to all of those families impacted by this horrific incident.  There is no sense on this.  We must all join together to find hope in a time like this.  I'm so sorry for your lossReplyJames Peter11:23 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Joe CitizenYou sound like a Goverment hating Gun Nut !!Are you related to Tim McVeigh ??ReplyJames Peter11:25 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My heart and prayers goes out to the victims families and the whole community !!!ReplyScott11:32 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Thoughts and prayers for Newtown from Cleveland.  So horrible.ReplyWill Wilkin11:34 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Love and care to all the good people of Newtown....Replystacie bohr11:37 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012Our prayers are with all of you in Newtown.ReplySavannah Crawmer11:56 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My true concern is for the children and everyone out at Sandy Hook tonight. Political statements are not needed at this time, but some things need to be said in order to explain why or why this did not happen. Gun control is a big issue these days in America. But the focus needs to be on these people here today. I am deeply concerned by the level of mental instability radiating from this evil creature that crawled out of the sewer and killed these innocent little children. How can someone look a toddler in the eye and then waste them? what kind of sick twisted place do I live in? Well, those darlings are in a better place. That sikko only killed himself to get out of jail time. He got the easy way out. Well, he'll rot in satan's realm anyway, so it's between that emotionless creature and our Creator.Replyjennifer b11:59 pm on Friday, December 14, 2012My thoughts and Heart felt prayers are with every person affected by this horrific tragedy. May God be with you all!ReplySavannah Crawmer12:02 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012For those who think gun control is the way; If you take guns away, what will happen? Thins will escalate. Murder rates will increase. There are things like baseball bats, ropes, knives, sticks, spears, and just about anything to kill someone with. Poison is common too. Guns are not the problem in murder. It's the evil, and you cannot stop that. This really is not the place for political rants and opinions anyway, we should just be here to support these innocent victims here. God bless everyone out there tonight, and I'm praying for Sandy Hook! =)ReplySavannah Crawmer12:10 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012Oh so it's not time for Republicans to share their thoughts, but liberals can? I think not. Actually, this is an appropriate time concerning the issue to talk about it. Republicans have no decency, huh? Well, do you really think that you can wipe out the entire country's gun population? There are millions and many more guns in Texas alone than we could completely get rid of. Guys, your hearts may possibly be in the right place, but it just cannot be done. A gun is supposed to be someone's self defense against another hooligan with a gun or some other threatening weapon. Gun control CANNOT really happen if you want it to anyway.ReplyJill M12:20 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012This parent from Oregon is grieving for Connecticut tonight.  Peace and love to you.ReplyWesternCiv12:35 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012Prayer in time of tragedy, by Father Mychal Judge,'the Saint of 9/11'God is present, loving, smiling, having received our loved ones. They are in His presence, illumed by His smile and warmed by His love. His kingdom is enriched this day, so enriched by so many beautiful souls. So much beauty.Our world is empty without them. Our hearts are broken, our sadness immense, our tears so abundant. We live our sorrow together.We need You, Lord. Please come and touch us. Fill us with courage. Calm our discomfort. Give us signs of Your presence. We ask You, we beg You: come.ReplySalvatore L. Wright12:42 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012 Who? What? When?Where?Why?Who would do something as hanis as this?The games,  proms, collages they'll missNever a first date, first love, first kissLeft only to  pray for their heavenly blissWho could do something as hanis as this?What is the Sense of it All?Twenty Seven innocent Angels FallA Sickness? Malicious? No answers, A WallNo warning, Defenseless, Nobody to callWhat is the Sense of it All?When will these Cowardly Actions End?Was the Reason? To much to Bear? The Loss of a Friend?Wounds now Opened, Never to MendKindergarten with Joy, and Trust, our children we send When will these Cowardly Actions End?Where did you Lose your Way in Time?Killing a Child is more than a CrimeMost at a lose for words but, here are mineThe Lowest of Low, Scum, Filth and GrimeWhere did you Lose your Way in Time?Why did You Have to Take Them Away?All that they did was Smile, Laugh, and PlayThey Brighten Our lives Every Single DayHorror, Trauma, Understatement in DismayWhy did you Have Take Them Away?Who? What? When? Where? And Why? Overwhelmed with Emotion I sit and Cry?You Parents will Struggle, Hold on and Try Souls lost without reason, a man's gone A-RyeNever Forgotten Their memory Never to DieWho? What? When Where? And Why? -Salvatore L Wright-December 14th 2012Galloway, NJThis man will experience all 7 levels of Dantes Inferno, it will not be Divine nor a ComedyReplybenchof wisdom1:05 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012for any of you that feel that an armed person would have, could have, or should have prevented this. Are you out of  your damn mind? Schools are 'GUN FREE' and guns and other weapons are banned for a reason! I'm all for concealed carry,, but if you start allowing teachers to carry firearms on their hips, what happens if a nutball student overpowers the teacher, and grabs the gun? Use some logic folks. Tighter security, and no entry, whether it be a parent or a husband bringing his schoolteacher wife lunch, should be allowed during school hours, in any school, in the nation. Forgot your lunch? starve!! Kid has an appointment? Keep him home! NO ENTRY. Unless you work at the school, nobody should be allowed ANY ACCESS to school grounds during school hours.ReplyEx Cop1:26 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012.Do you really think a locked door at a school entrance, almost alwats made of glass, would have stopped the shooter from putting a bullet through it,  Just as we have Air Marshalls on Air Flights we need School Marshall's in our schools.  If this guy saw an empty Police Vehicle parked outside the school he would have never had gone in.  Thats not to say he would not have found another venue like a restaurant or movie theater.  .ReplyBarbara Field1:40 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012I NOTICE THAT A MAJORITY OF PEOPLE ARE HOLDING PRAYER VIGILS...INSTEAD OF FOCUSING ON GUN CONTROL ALREADY...PERHAPS WE SHOULD THINK ABOUT HOW SOCIETY HAS CHANGED AND THAT EVERYONE'S HEADS ARE FOCUSED ON THEIR  PHONES-LOOKING AT A MACHINE, NOT AT THEIR FELLOW HUMANS. SCHOOLS SEEM FOCUSED ON BEING POLITICALLY CORRECT-- TAKING AWAY BAKE SALES, BIRTHDAY PARTIES, HALLOWEEN DECORATIONS, VALENTINE CARDS, KIDS HUGGING EACH OTHER IN SCHOOL HALLS, THINGS THAT DRAW PEOPLE TOGETHER.  LEGAL BATTLES COST MONEY SO WE GIVE IN TO THE FEW.  HOW ABOUT TRYING A RETURN TO PRAYER IN SCHOOL--SEEMS THERE ARE STILL PEOPLE WILLING TO PRAY PUBLICLY. WHY IS IT OK IN TRAGEDIES BUT NOT OK FOR EVERYDAY LIVING? I'VE SEEN SOME AWFUL COMMENTS MADE IN THE PATCH. ISN'T IT POSSIBLE THAT THOSE MAY BE SOME OF THE SAME KINDS OF SENTIMENTS THAT WERE IN THE HEAD OF THE YOUNG MAN WHO DID THIS HORRENDOUS DEED? ADULTS? CALLING EACH OTHER NAMES...IS THAT WHAT WE LEARN IN OUR HOMES AND SCHOOLS? MAYBE THERE'S TOO MUCH PRESSURE ON KIDS THESE DAYS TO PERFORM IN ACADEMICS AND SPORTS AND SOME JUST MAY BE UNABLE TO HANDLE IT...WE CAN ONLY GUESS WHAT GOES ON IN THE HOMES OF THOSE WE THINK HAVE HEALTHY HOME LIVES.  ALL WE CAN  DO IS PRAY FOR THEM AND THEIR VICTIMS WHEN THEY CHOOSE TO RESORT TO FAR WORSE BEHAVIOR THAN NAME CALLING.PRAYER IN SCHOOL VERSUS  WHAT HAPPENED TODAY? DOESN'T SOUND LIKE A HARD CHOICE TO CONSIDER. EASIER THAN MAKING MORE USELESS LAWS AND FAR LESS COSTLY THAN HUMAN LIVES.ReplyJR Foster9:04 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012Barbara, I could not agree with you more.  When prayer was removed from school it seems as that is a pivotal point in our nation's history.  As a 20 plus year Air Force veteran I have seen enough violence in third world countries.  Is that how we want the US to be?  It's sure where we're headed.J.R.Melissa1:40 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012Please, let's all think of the victims tonight.  Show some respect. Parents have lost their babies today in a horrific way.  Their real pain will begin tomorrow.  Can we at least let them grieve, and grieve with them, instead of arguing about gun control?ReplyBarbara Field1:55 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012PEOPLE FEEL A NEED TO LET OUT THEIR FEELINGS. NOT ONE OF THOSE PARENTS ARE READING THE PATCH TONIGHT.Tim1:56 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012Well said, however, having flipped through the networks, Fox News has done just that, but MSNBC and to a lesser extend CNN have been beating the Gun Control drum all day long, all the while there are still dead kids in the school.  So yes, this is VERY SICK, but it was started by the left wing, liberal media.  Get the damned Brady Campaign anti-gun whack jobs off your broadcast, and lets celebrate and remember and pray for the victims.  God Bless them, the 20 beautiful young children and adults who lost their lives while trying to protect them.Melissa2:11 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012We should be better than the media.  And just because those parents aren't reading this tonight doesn't mean they won't read it eventually.  I can't imagine what their lives will be like from now on.  Heartbreaking.Watts4:07 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012@TimHey Tim, wake up.  It isn't that Fox handled this in any appropriate way, as much as they handled it to fit their agenda. This morning, I was flipping back and forth between CNN, MSNBC and Fox; and CNN & MSNBC were reporting this for at least two hours before Fox started streaming the story.  While all other networks had been reporting this nonstop for hours, I was flipping to Fox and seeing things like John Bolton's mustache pontificating about Ambassador Susan Rice as if no other event was taking place in the world. Fox has a political agenda not to be reporting certain themed news items (such as shootings) and was only forced into reporting the story as it became apparent just how tragic the event had become.  So don't play it as if they have cornered the market on how to appropriately report these events.  They have a pro-gun agenda not to focus on gun-centric violent news stories, except in those extremely rare occasions where the story line is that a civilian used a gun to take down a criminal.rsergant1:56 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012please add your name to this petition to Demand a Plan for sensible gun controlhttp://www.demandaplan.org/ReplyPhotoMaineAC9:03 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012I would rather sign a petition for sensible Government control!You have to ask yourself......what causes these "chemical" imbalances?Pam J1:09 pm on Saturday, December 15, 2012You are sometimes born with chemical imbalances in your brain.  My mother suffers from depression because of an imbalance, not because of her circumstances.  A lot of people are not depressed because of things that go on in their lives.  Their brains are just misfiring.  Being 20 years old is not really easy in the first place.  Add a screw loose in your brain, and you are asking for trouble.  I'm not defending this guy because what he did is deplorable, but you do have to ask if he completely understood what he was doing.  Because nobody, I repeat nobody, in their right mind would go into a classroom and shoot 20 5- and 6-year-olds.  Even the meanest person (not the craziest) on earth would probably have a problem shooting a little child.  We'll probably never know why he did what he did, and I'm not sure it would help if we did.Diogenes5:29 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012My heart breaks for the loss of innocence  for The Innocents that were killed in this heinous tragedy, the innocence of those that suddenly need to struggle with their loss, the innocence of those that will ask what happened and why, and the innocence of our children that will go to school on Monday afraid and wondering.  Heaven help us protect our babies.ReplyJane7:35 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012My thoughts and prayers go out to all the families.I'am so sorry for everyone in the town. Norton Mass.Replylulu838:07 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012My heart goes out to those in Newtown Connecticut! For no parent or family member should have to endure this kind of pain! Sending love , strength and prayers to all from Junction City Oregon!ReplyGUN CONTROL NOW9:17 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012Ok.  Now it is the day after this horrible tragedy.Now let's talk about gun control!ReplyGUN CONTROL NOW9:24 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012Ok.  Now it is the day after this horrible tragedy.Now let's talk about gun control!ReplyDayd9:44 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012A prayer for peace...my sincere condolences for the entire community of Newtown...no words can describe the emotional pain felt around the world for the loss of those beautiful children and employees of Sandy Hook. Dear Lord...let them Rest In Peace.  AmenReplyLisa10:14 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012What you folks are missing is that mentally ill, violent offenders aren't that way all the time.  Families trying to cope with mentally I'll relatives are trying to balance all the time between "this is bad, but will this argument be a short one, or one of the long ones?"  Family members aren't mind readers, and they're not gifted with the ability to see the future.  They're trying to cope with degrees of 'wrongness' in people they love every day, and it's very hard.  You (collectively) deal with degrees of normal and abnormal behavior yourself, every day with everyone you interact with.   It's hard to tell the exact minute when someone is going to go over the edge.ReplyL M Stigler10:26 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012WOW! What is the world coming to? How could anyone find it so easy to kill innocent young kids? There just babies! My heart and prayers gos out to each family of Newtown, CT and to the communities. May GOD be with you all through this terribly horriable situation.ReplyJohn Azzara10:35 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012The World is in mourning. My heart is broken. Tears will not stop. So sorry.Replyliz witham10:35 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012All our thoughts are with you at this appalling time. May I also applaud the dignity and clarity of the police spokesperson we have just seen on tv. He reminded everybody that the dead and their families must be respected, and , very politely, asked the media not to intrude. Please God they listen. We do NOT need to see their tears.Replyliz witham10:37 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012All our thoughts are with you at this appalling time. May I also applaud the dignity and clarity of the police spokesperson we have just seen on tv. He reminded everybody that the dead and their families must be respected, and , very politely, asked the media not to intrude. Please God they listen. We do NOT need to see their tears.ReplyGlen chapell10:58 am on Saturday, December 15, 2012The Holy Ghost has gathered up the fallen victims in his mighty hands, and has placed them at his right hand side  to be blessed by his golden light and spirit ..to reign with him eternally , never to be forgoten..... Amen.ReplyCaryn Schutzler12:13 pm on Saturday, December 15, 2012My thoughts and prayers go out to the community of Sandy Hook and Newtown. My sister is from Sandy Hook and so thankful to hear a friend of hers who works at the school is safe. This lovely town is handling this tragedy with courage and grace.Caryn / SeattleReplyLisa12:16 pm on Saturday, December 15, 2012One other thought, someone earlier wrote about whether or not Nancy Lanza had a dating life, as if that might've been one factor in her sons instability.If she did, more power to her.  Her son had his demons, but they weren't because she mightve had a life.  I lived with angry, mentally unstable males in my family, and trying to accommodate their moods, and avoid getting them annoyed, and constantly hoping that they'd be pleasant and not ruin a day or hour or event - it's a nightmare.  It takes a lot of love and sacrifice to maintain a relationship with an unstable, sometimes volatile person.I hope she DID have a happy life outside of care taking her son.ReplyLeave a comment[["validates_presence_of",{"message":"Hey, you forgot to let us know how you feel \u2014 please enter a comment."}],["validates_length_of",{"too_long":"Easy there, Tolstoy. Your comment cannot exceed 1500 characters.","maximum":1500,"allow_blank":true}]]Website:Get Email UpdatesSend me email updates for this articleWould you like to receive email updates about this article?Yes, pleaseNo thanksMake a new comment on this articleCloseRead More in Police & FireVandals Knock Down Centuries-Old Headstones at Cemeterysmall_zoomfalsefalse41.3181-73.37941.4725-73.1833In This articleSandy Hook School12 Dickenson Dr, Sandy Hook, CT41.422329-73.278412Sandy Hook School12 Dickenson Dr, Sandy Hook, CT203-426-7657/listings/sandy-hook-elementary-school222804/locations/302761'In Sheer Shock'  Newtown Community Seeks News, UpdatesBy Mark Langlois and Ashley  TarrPolice Raid Sandy Hook Home Hours After ShootingBy Paul Singley and Davis DunavinShooting Prompts Religious Leaders to Host Special Prayer ServicesBy Ashley  TarrReaction: Sandy Hook School ShootingBy Brad Gerick[PHOTOS] Newtown School ShootingBy Gary JeanfaivreNewtown Principal Remembered as 'Warm,' 'Selfless'By Michael Dinan and Ashley  TarrRyan Lanza, Wrongly Named As Mass Murderer, Left To GrieveBy Claire Moses and James KleimannPolice: School Shooting Victims' Parents Enduring 'Very Difficult and Trying Time'By Davis Dunavin and Michael Dinan41.422329-73.278412Police: School Shooting Victims' Parents Enduring 'Very Difficult and Trying Time'Sandy Hook School12 Dickenson Dr, Sandy Hook, CT/articles/police-no-motive-emerging-in-newtown-school-shooting222804/locations/8392573See moreSee More on PatchPolice: School Shooting Victims' Parents Enduring 'Very Difficult and Trying Time'Patch Writer's Mother-In-Law Killed in CT School ShootingsRyan Lanza, Wrongly Named As Mass Murderer, Left To Grieve[PHOTOS] Newtown School Shooting'In Sheer Shock'  Newtown Community Seeks News, UpdatesMost Popular articlesPolice Hope to ID Victims, Shooter in Newtown Killings Saturday'In Sheer Shock'  Newtown Community Seeks News, UpdatesPolice Raid Sandy Hook Home Hours After ShootingNewtown Parents, Caregivers Relive a NightmarePolice: School Shooting Victims' Parents Enduring 'Very Difficult and Trying Time'AdvertiseAdvertise on Patch and reach potential customers in your backyard and beyond. Click here for more information.Learn more VolunteerIf you want to help local causes, or your cause needs local help, your next click should be right here.Learn more ContributeSend us news tipsPut an event on the calendarAnnounce something to everyonePatch InfoAbout UsJobsAdvertiseAbout Our AdsTerms of UsePrivacy Policy - UPDATEDGet in TouchGo Patch!HelpContact UsPatch BlogPatch InitiativesPatchUGoodiesPatch NewsletterWidgetsCopyright  2012 Patch. All Rights Reserved.CloseShare This ArticlePolice Hope to ID Victims, Shooter in Newtown Killings Saturday Send toEnter email addresses separated by commas.[["validates_presence_of",{"message":"Please enter email address."}]]Import contacts: Yahoo!Your email[["validates_presence_of",{"message":"Please enter your email address."}],["validates_format_of",{"with":["^([^@\\s]+)@((?:[-a-z0-9]+\\.)+[a-z]{2,})$","i"],"message":"Your email address is not formatted properly. Please try entering it again."}]]Your name[["validates_presence_of",{"message":"Please enter your name"}]]Include a personal messageI thought you might be interested in this article from the Newtown Patch.Send me a copySend me email updates for this ArticleCancelShare with your social networks:Share on FacebookShare on TwitterCopy and share the link:CopyEmail the authorsCloseWebsite:Write your message below.Your nameYour email addressCommentCancel Uploading...CloseOops! There was an error with your upload, and it did not complete. Click Cancel and try again.Tip: try uploading a smaller file.DoneCancel Search Patch ArchiveClosehttp://newtown.patch.com/media_attachments/createasset_attachment[to_id]2995735asset_attachment[to_type]ArticleFinishedCancel searchCloseGet Patched InNewtown news, events, and deals sent to you daily and breaking news as it happens.See more optionsYoure now signed up!Terms of ServicePrivacy PolicyCloseSend us a news tipEnter your tip here and it will be sent straight to Gary Jeanfaivre,  Leslie Yager,  Jaimie Cura, Editor Aaron Boyd,  Bob Pepalis,  Ashley  Tarr, and  Tom Troncone,Newtown Patch's (incredibly grateful)editors.Your name:[["validates_presence_of",{"message":"Please enter your name"}]]Your email address:[["validates_presence_of",{"message":"Please enter your email address."}],["validates_format_of",{"with":["^([^@\\s]+)@((?:[-a-z0-9]+\\.)+[a-z]{2,})$","i"],"message":"Email address is not formatted properly."}]]Your suggestion:[["validates_presence_of",{"message":"Please include a suggestion."}]]Send me a copyCancel