Is it an animal apocalypse? Here are the facts and theories about recent mass die-offs // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 205Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 71Corporations or politicians hurting America? 11The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 06, 2011| 125 commentsIs it an animal apocalypse? Here are the facts and theories about recent mass die-offssource: http://prisonplanet.comAn error occurred while setting up video display.bundlebear added thisTHE recent spate of mass animal deaths around the world is sparking conspiracy theories and doomsday predictions on the web.From the US to New Zealand, from Britain to Brazil, bizarre cases of birds, fish and crabs turning up dead en masse have been reported in the past two weeks and no one seems to know why.Not that its stopping residents of the internet from having a red hot go.One example is from conspiracy theorists Joseph Watson and Alex Jones of prisonplanet.com who blame it on "the government". According to the site authorities have routinely engaged in secret testing of biological and electromagnetic weapons that have detrimentally impacted both humans and animals many times in the past.Others are blaming it on the New Madrid fault line in the southern US, although how this affects birds flying in the sky, were not too sure.And lets not even get started on the 2012 end of the world predictions.Here at news.com.au weve sifted through the evidence and present some saner possible explanations so you can decide for yourself if this is the end of days, or just a freaky and gruesome coincidence.Where: a 30km stretch of the Arkansas River near Ozark, about 200km northwest of Little Rock in the US.What: 100,000 drum fish washed up along a 32km stretch between the Ozark dam and a bridge in Franklin County. Local authorities were alerted to the deaths last week and have since collected samples from the affected area.How: Keith Stephens from the US Game and Fish Commission said fish kills happen every year, but the size of the latest one was unusual. He suggested some sort of disease was to blame."The fish kill only affected one species of fish," he told CNN."If it was from a pollutant, it would have affected all of the fish, not just drum fish."Where: Beebe, a community of 5000, northeast of Little Rock.What: New Year's revellers in a small town noticed something other than fireworks falling from the sky as up to 5000 red-winged blackbirds rained out of the darkness onto rooftops and footpaths and into fields.One struck a woman walking her dog. Another hit a police cruiser.Birds were "littering the streets, the yards, the driveways, everywhere," said Robby King, a county wildlife officer."It was hard to drive down the street in some places without running over them."How: "They died from massive trauma," said Game and Fish Commission spokesman Keith Stephens, citing a report from the state poultry lab where the birds were examined.Some speculated that a bout of bad weather was to blame. Others said one confused bird could have led the group in a fatal plunge. A few spooked schoolkids even guessed that the birds had committed mass suicide.Beebe police captain Eddie Cullum said "For all the doomsdayers, that was definitely the end of the world."Where: The second unexplained US mass bird death happened in Louisiana where carcasses littered a stretch of highway near Baton Rouge.What: 500 birds were discovered dead in Pointe Coupee Parish.How: Olivia Watkins of the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries said: We sent samples to a lab in Missouri and are waiting to get some results.The birds - a mixed flock of red-winged blackbirds, brown-headed cowbirds, grackles and starlings - may have hit a power line or vehicles in the dark, Louisiana's state wildlife veterinarian Jim LaCour said. Two dozen of them had head, neck, beak or back injuries.Dan Cristol, a biology professor and co-founder of the Institute for Integrative Bird Behavior Studies at the College of William & Mary, said the Louisiana birds may have been ill or startled from their roost.They don't hit a power line for no reason, he said.Where: A snow-covered street in southern Swedens Falkoping,What: About 100 jackdaw birds were found lying dead on the road, Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet reported.How: Local veterinarian Robert ter Horst speculated that the birds had fallen from the sky after being frightened by fireworks set off late on Tuesday.However, the cause of the jackdaws' deaths was disputed after a truck driver claimed he was responsible.Christer Olofosson, a rescue services worker, said the truck driver claimed he saw about 70 live birds on the road on Tuesday, saying he ran over the lot of them and did not think it was a big deal. He later realised it had attracted attention, not only in the Swedish media, but also abroad.Police told the newspaper the majority of the jackdaws involved were not "physically damaged," which would contradict the truck driver's account of events. Mystery.Where: Kentucky, USWhat: Kentucky wildlife officials say several hundred birds were found dead in the western part of the state. The grackles, red wing blackbirds, robins and starlings were found last week.How: No reason has been discovered or given yet.Where: Little Bay and Waikawau Bay, Coromandel Peninsula, New ZealandWhat: A "carpet" of hundreds of dead, mostly eyeless, snapper washed up on several Coromandel Peninsula beaches on Tuesday, leaving people mystified.Auckland resident James Hughes spotted the snapper floating close to shore after children rushed up to him and his friends holding some of the dead fish, the New Zealand Herald reported."We spoke to boaties coming in and they said there was a carpet of them floating in the water."How: A Department of Conservation official told Mr Hughes fish in the Coromandel area were starving because of weather conditions."That's just completely untrue. This was something deliberate and it's just wrong," Mr Hughes saidWhere: Thanet, Kent, EnglandWhat: 40,000 dead velvet swimming crabs, or devil crabs washed up on Thanet beaches. Tony Childs, Thanet Coast Project Manager, told the Daily Mail: We had a crash in numbers last year and we hadn't expected such a large population.As happens with the circle of life in nature, we expect the crabs to be naturally dispersed from our shores very quickly by our local seagulls.How: The cold weather in Britain has been blamed for the deaths. "We are hopeful the crab population will soon recover," said Mr Childs.The Daily Mail reported that the mass crab deaths made up 95 per cent of marine life affected by the cold snap.Where: Chesapeake Bay, Maryland, USWhat: The Baltimore Sun reported an estimated two million spot fish died and washed up on the shore. The dead fish are mostly adult spot, with some juvenile croakers.How: State officials are investigating but suspect it was because of the near-record cold. Agency spokeswoman Dawn Stoltzfus said spot are susceptible to colder water, she said, and normally leave the upper bay by now. They were perhaps late getting out.Where: Coast of Paranagu, BrazilWhat: At least 100 tonnes of sardine, croaker and catfish have washed up on beaches over the past week, Parana Online reported.The President of the Federation of Fishermen's Colony of Parana, Edmir Manoel Ferreira, said at least 2800 fishermen depend on the daily seafood."We are experiencing a very sad situation on the coast," he said.How: Authorities took samples to verify the reason for the deaths.Biologists have explained the deaths could be because of a possible increase in the concentration of algae that produce toxins. This increase may lead to death in some species, such as sardines.Water samples taken from the bay showed elevated levels of two species of toxic algae.Where: Port Orange, Florida USWhat: Hundreds of dead fish floated around the waterways near homes, WFTV reported, surrounded by swarms of pelicans and buzzards.Kayakers on the creek told WFTV they'd seen fish around every bend and it appeared to be one of the most extensive kills they had seen.How: ?Read more: http://www.news.com.au/world/is-it-an-animal-apocalypse-here-are-the-facts-and-t... groups:News, WTF, Animal Videos and News, Odd News, Science & Nature, Everything on current, lindsayboo's WTF 3 moretags:Fish,Birds,Facts,Apocalypse,Birds in the News 1 more|125 comments// Is it an animal apocalypse? Here are the facts and theories about recent mass die-offshide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0magyver68http://www.theobserver.ca/ArticleDisplay.aspx?archive=true&e=609490  got some dead fish here too !!!! 1 day agoflag  reply0crashbangnoisesHuge oil spill will eventually kill birds and fish. Oil in the Gulf moves with currents and the currents don't just stay in one location. The water does evaporate and if it has oil in it then you get contaminated rain. Bam! 2 days agoflag  reply0crashbangnoises  crashbangnoises:along with all the other ways humans are destroying this planet. 2 days agoflag  reply-3Bahai144In the U.S. media they're actually saying: 1.That there's no connection at all between the dead fish and the dead birds. and 2.That it was fireworks that made the birds fly into buildings! The people who are at the front lines of putting out these asinine statements clearly think that the public is completely without intelligence and willing to swallow any absurd "explanation" if it's repeated incessantly for a time and attached to the lips of some so-called "experts". Hmmmm...could they be right about that?I've been saying, since I heard the first thing about the redwinged blackbirds and fish in Arkansas, that there are now toxic clouds not too far up that are gathering from all the burning and evaporation they encouraged to happen in the spill and getting more dense. I figured that just like their chemicals cause congealing of the oil in the water its also combined in the air for a gaseous congealing of sorts so now theres the same kinds of toxic clouds in the air that there were/are in the water. Then when it rains through those gas clouds it precipitates out and poisons the inland fresh water and some species are more immediately killed off than others. I've heard also that this is not just happening in the U.S.Of course this will be denied and possibly several such mindbendingly stupid explanations as "blunt trauma" and fireworks displays will be spat out by various "experts" until the corrupt, junk science establishment can come to a consensus about what idiotic party line they feel comfortable getting behind as their official pronouncement in an effort to provide culpable deniability for their corporate masters.  16:3 And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea.16:4 And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and fountains of waters; and they became blood.16:5 And I heard the angel of the waters say, Thou art righteous, O Lord, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast judged thus.16:6 For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, and thou hast given them blood to drink; for they are worthy.16:7 And I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgments.(King James Bible, Revelation) 2 days agoflag  reply0jimbones2045"They died from massive trauma,""Two dozen of them had head, neck, beak or back injuries."Sounds like they ran into something. I don't know how that's possible seeing that they were up in the sky. So either they ran into a plane because they're a bunch of stupid birds, or, being the adapted creatures that they are, they ran into something they couldn't see.I'm not a big supporter of conspiracy theories but I speculate on everything that's too much for coincidence. So what if there was something in the sky that killed those birds? Maybe not alien life. Maybe government operatives testing out new military technology. Maybe it's the oil spill that has now evaporated into the air and then into the clouds and travelled around the globe and has begun killing wildlife. First the fish in the sea. Then the birds in the clouds. Next the people in between. Who knows?I think we should prepare for a mass extinction in the global population. Don't go out and build bomb shelters or stock up on supplies (like Y2K all over again), but instead try and live life as perfectly and as peacefully as you can. If this is the finale of mankind, lets go out in style. 2 days agoflag  reply0David_FosterThe Internet... proof that intelligent life IS possible! 2 days agoflag  reply0EmperorThanIt's times like this I wish I saw that movie The Happening!...actually, scratch that I'm good.ZING 2 days agoflag  reply0TimesSquareChroniclesMoving Magnetic North Pole May be the Cause of Mysterious Bird, Fish & Crab Deaths http://www.t2conline.com/news-room/headliners/1114-moving-magnetic-north-pole-ma... 2 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  TimesSquareChronicles:That is utter nonsense. 2 days agoflag  reply0ghostofamericathis is all planned, it is the beginning of the takeover of the food supply. 3 days agoflag  reply+2bundlebear  ghostofamerica:i don't think this is the beginning were probably closer to the middle http://www.naturalnews.com/030828_GMOs_Wikileaks.html 3 days agoflag  reply0ghostofamerica  bundlebear:touche` 2 days agoflag  reply0sugarlillywell it was only a matter of time before we polluted the air too much for some breeds of bird and the water too much for some schools of fish. 3 days agoflag  reply+3bundlebear(NEWSER)  Thousands of turtle doves have fallen dead or dying from the sky in the small town of Faenza in Italy, with some of them tragically caught in tree branches like "tiny Christmas balls." Many of the birds had a mysterious blue stain around their beaks, reports the Huffington Post quoting GeaPress That could be the result of poisoning or signs of hypoxia. Some birds were sent for lab testing, but it will likely be weeks before results are known. http://www.newser.com/story/109189/thousands-of-turtle-doves-drop-dead-in-italy.... 3 days agoflag  reply0CarlosIsDowndon't believe any apocalypse nonsense till this:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sWJuQD0cL8 3 days agoflag  reply+1jeffreyakAGHGHGHHGH!  I saw thousands of dead brim in a pond when I was a kid.  It happens.  We are more connected now so we hear of these events more than we are accustomed to. Population is massive compared to our not so distant past. 3 days agoflag  reply+2mybolognaThe sea is being overfishedIn some areas of the ocean there is more plastic than planktonFarming and human waste is dumped into the seaWe remove mountains for coalWater sources are poluted from the extraction of: Natural gas, petroleum, uranium and heavy metalsThe forrests are clear cut and replaced with urban sprawlPavement keeps growing while natural habital shrinksToxic gases are constatly dumped in the atmosphere by:Power plants, factories, billions of gas and diesel engines big and smallWe keep making garbage that polutes and never decomposesBillions and billions of tons, day in and day outUse once throw away foreverTen Billion Humans by the end of the decadeWhy are you surprised at the mass death of any species? 3 days agoflag  reply+1EmperorThanAren't neutron bomb's the things that kill all life in the area around an explosion and leave all structures standing? 3 days agoflag  reply+5VierotchkaFish and bird kills like these are not uncommon nor unnatural, they are usually due to extreme weather and temperature conditions and diseases (and of human-generated pollution, I'll grant you that), but normally they don't make it into the media. Now that the bird and fish kills in Arkansas have been sensationalized by the media, every other one, even the small ones, are being grabbed and sensationalized by the media because right now they sell well and earn the media a lot of money. Also, all the ones that occur far from human habitats go unnoticed. The fact that the human population has almost tripled since I was born means that much more land is inhabited by humans, which means that such natural phenomena are much more frequently witnessed and observed - the same goes for earthquakes, there are no more earthquakes every year now than there have been in the past. 3 days agoflag  reply0JanforGore  Vierotchka:It's not the frequency but the cause now that is my concern. Climate deniers use that same excuse about floods and storms.They say "floods always happen here" trying to confuse the point that the severity and other forces involved making it more severe now is the focus. And I think now along with what we are seeing regarding bees, plant diversity, other species, our oceans, etc. that there may just be other factors involved. There is no disputing that environmentally we are at a tipping point. If anything, maybe this will heighten awareness in people regarding just what is being done to species on this planet by man in pushing the natural envelope. 2 days agoflag  reply+5ploomisSomething wicked this way comes. 3 days agoflag  reply+2keithponderhttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/01/06/dead-crabs-wash-ashore-by_n_805211.htmlDead Crabs Wash Ashore By Thousands On England Beaches=========================================================As if thousands of dead birds falling from the sky and millions of fish turning up dead across the world in the last week weren't enough, the Thanet Coast in the UK is now littered with tens of thousands of dead crabs that have washed ashore.The events are likely unrelated, however, and the BBC notes that this is the third year in a row thousands of dead devil crabs, also known as velvet swimming crabs, have turned up on the coastline near Kent, England. It is estimated that 40,000 of the dead crabs have washed up on the beaches this year.According to LiveScience, experts believe cold weather is to blame for the massive crab deaths. Tests conducted in past years have turned up no results for disease or similar problems, leaving the cause an unexplained mystery, though hypothermia is conjectured.The news of thousands of dead crabs follows similar reports of immense wildlife deaths among birds and fish occurring around the world in the past week. Thousands of dead birds fell from the sky on New Year's Eve in Beebe, Arkansas, and experts believe fireworks are likely to blame. Days later, around 500 similar bird deaths were reported in Louisiana, around 300 miles south of the Arkansas incident. Wildlife officials believe the events to be unrelated, citing power lines as a likely culprit for the latter incident. Then over 50 birds turned up dead on a street in Sweden, and reports surfaced of hundreds of dead birds fallen from the sky in Kentucky discovered last week.Massive fish deaths were also reported across the world recently, with two million dead fish surfacing in Maryland's Chesapeake Bay and similar incidents in New Zealand and Brazil. Much speculation remains about many of the events, with officials believing anything from inclement weather to other environmental factors to be the cause, though official tests to investigate the matters are still underway. 3 days agoflag  reply+1keithponderhttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/01/06/birds-dying-in-italy-thou_n_805541.html==========================================================Birds Dying In Italy: Thousands Of Turtle Doves Fall Dead From SkyOn Wednesday, GeaPress reported hundreds -- possibly thousands -- of dead and dying birds in Italy. Countless turtle doves were found scattered in the streets, in flower beds and hanging tragically from trees "like Christmas balls" in the town of Faenza. Many of the birds that fell dead from the sky were discovered with a mysterious blue stain in their beaks.In the past week, similar incidents of mass animal deaths have been reported across the world. Thousands of dead birds fell from the sky in Arkansas on New Year's Eve, and similar incidents were reported on different days in Louisiana, Kentucky and Sweden. Two million fish were discovered dead in Maryland, with other fish kills also reported in Brazil, New Zealand and Arkansas -- approximately 100 miles from the bird incident. 40,000 crabs washed up on England beaches in the past few days, as well.While the events are likely unrelated, most still remain a mystery. Officials suggest fireworks are likely responsible for many of the bird deaths and that unusually cold weather could be to blame for the strange mass deaths of fish and crabs.GeaPress suggests that the blue stains found in mouths of the dead and dying birds in Italy could be the result of poisoning or possibly signs of hypoxia. Both the local forest service and the WWF in Faenza have sent some of the dead birds for testing, though the results likely won't be available for at least a week.Visit GeaPress.org to see the shocking photos of the dead turtle doves 3 days agoflag  reply+3JohnAIt's the BP oil spill.  Migrating birds die in the south.  Fish die in Arkansas.  No shit, they just had a billion barrels of oil dumped on them.  The oil spill in the gulf was a incredible destruction of ecosystem, we won't know the full effects yet for decades. 3 days agoflag  reply+2PzLuvHappeniz  JohnA:thats what ive been thinking too, a lot of that oil "disappeared" my guess is that it migrated due to currents and is now fucking up ecosystems all over the place, but sweden seems like a stretch 3 days agoflag  reply0RojoGattowell the world is ending might as well start doing ur bucket list 3 days agoflag  reply+2Pollo_Loco_Alright guys, I know we have some varying opinions, but let's be respectful of Linda_Greene's faith, please. After all, praying can't hurt. Might as well cover all our bases when this stuff starts happening. 3 days agoflag  reply+5tverdell  Pollo_Loco_:I'm a heretic and I believe prayer is good because it sends out positive energy. 3 days agoflag  reply+2Eddie_Millerhttp://current.com/news/92905117_fact-check-mass-bird-fish-deaths-occur-regularl...What do you all think of this article? 3 days agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  Eddie_Miller:It states the facts and doesn't try to make money by jumping on the currently popular fear-mongering sensationalizing bad journalism band wagon. I have read quite a few such articles by qualified scientists these past two days, they confirm what I have long known. 3 days agoflag  reply0Aaron_BrutusHosea-4:2-3There is cursing and broken faith, violent death and attacks on property, men are untrue in married life, houses are broken into, and there is blood touching blood.Because of this the land will be dry, and everyone living in it will be wasted away, with the beasts of the field and the birds of heaven; even the fishes of the sea will be taken away. 3 days agoflag  reply+1wally60  Aaron_Brutus:nuts 3 days agoflag  reply+5indecisiveh  Aaron_Brutus:Oh no!  Ancient Rome as we know it may face the rapture . 3 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  Aaron_Brutus:This has been happening constantly for thousands of years, it is basically meaningless. 3 days agoflag  reply0danitassinThat pic looks like the fish that washed up on Folly Beach, SC. Our news says it was the cold. I think that's ridiculous. Sure does seem weird that all the news stations keep reporting these large animal die-offs as though it is the only one that's happened and it's a "rare circumstance". "It's the weird weather", they say. The weather is not weird here. It' has been a normal winter so far. Normal fire works on New Years Eve too. 3 days agoflag  reply0GISchmoMy theory is that something is tainting their food supply. This could be cause by either a natural phenomenom or the act of some sick fanatics. 3 days agoflag  reply+4JohnA  GISchmo:Ot it could be by BP. 3 days agoflag  reply0GISchmo  JohnA:Great point!! The oil disaster in the gulf was a huge environmental disaster that is sure to have long lasting and serious repercussions. 3 days agoflag  reply+5CalgarCits the fucking global warming!!! no conspiracy... we have been on the tipping point for quite a while, we sit on our ass and do nothing, yet when something liek this happens we blame aliens or the mayans... 3 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  CalgarC:Reminds me of The Day After Tomorrow.I wonder what Lovelock is saying, he is the most doomiest of the GW crowd I think. 3 days agoflag  reply+1coolplanet  tverdell:Realism isn't doom.Doing nothing is the origin of doom.If we are doomed it is because we are doing nothing to fix the problem.At least Lovelock repeatedly states that he hopes he is wrong.Now THAT is optimism! 3 days agoflag  reply0EthicalVeganDead Birds/Fish in Sweden, Arkansas, Louisiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Brazil, New Zealand | Updates/Photos/Videos:http://tinyurl.com/362d3y3 3 days agoflag  reply-1crystalmanThis is mass suicide over the revelation that man made global warming was a set up. 3 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  crystalman:Let's hope that's not the case.I also hope that it's not technology related.If it's some poisoining of the environment, I think we can recover.If GW has reached a tipping point or if it's 4G networks, we are in trouble. 3 days agoflag  reply+3NeverTheSameColorCOREXIT is known to liquify organs as well. Wonder if it was the shit ton of it we (cocksuckers BP and our GOVT. who turned the blind eye) poured into the gulf and it's jet currents that flow all around the world. 3 days agoflag  reply+2NeverTheSameColorCOREXIT anybody? 3 days agoflag  reply+1EdJoyProductions  NeverTheSameColor:Could be.  "great job"  :) 3 days agoflag  reply+2tverdell  NeverTheSameColor:Credo Mutwa said half the worlds population would be dead due to oil -- just before the BP spill. 3 days agoflag  reply0figgdimensionyour probably next! 3 days agoflag  reply+2Sdizzle  figgdimension:You're 3 days agoflag  reply0floydyboy  Sdizzle:I've almost done that a thousand times. Drives me nuts too. 3 days agoflag  reply0figgdimensionlots of solar activity flares and eruptions could be causing a change in our magnetic fields a similar thing may have happened on mars whatever the causes its not good not good at all! 3 days agoflag  reply0figgdimensionperhaps a change in our magnetic fields 3 days agoflag  reply+1littlwarriorIf all of this is really just a coincidence there is a really bad year for wildlife. But I still think the whole bird thing might be the fault of some corporation, and the snappers with no eyes good chance some chemical did something there. 3 days agoflag  reply0device80climate change ? but the snapper with no eyes one is pretty hard to explain, although that is where the "ufo battle" took place in the southern ocean.... odd... 3 days agoflag  reply0Daena_SmithInteresting.... 3 days agoflag  reply+3bailey78So just what did the dispersant do when it dispersed??????? 3 days agoflag  reply+3hombre76I Notice these are all bottom feeder fish types could be evidence of BP oil saturating the atlantic coasts ... the Newzealand ones the odd man out though 3 days agoflag  reply-1Linda_GreeneAll I can say is wow!!!!!   Start praying everyone. 3 days agoflag  reply+6DisownCashValue  Linda_Greene:yeah cause that will help. 3 days agoflag  reply+4littlwarrior  Linda_Greene:Cause god totally cares, like he cared about 6 million jews in ww2, or the the tutus in Rwanda or the thousands of starving children dying every day across the world, or the millions of aids victims in africa. 3 days agoflag  reply-2antiutopia  littlwarrior:Oh please.  How cowardly to blame God for what we're doing to ourselves. 3 days agoflag  reply+3littlwarrior  antiutopia:I do not blame him, but I cannot believe that there is an all powerful being that really cares if he lets all this happen. 3 days agoflag  reply-2antiutopia  littlwarrior:Okay -- at what point do you want God to -quit- stepping in and keeping us from doing terrible things to ourselves, hm?  If he'd prevented the holocaust, we'd still be asking why he allows all other deaths.  If he prevented all murder, we'd still be asking why he allowed stealing and lying.  At no point short of the single, smallest sin does the question go away, because we wouldn't be able to conceive of the bigger ones if he kept them from  happening.  The only way to avoid the question would be for God to make it impossible for us to sin, or in other words, take away our ability to choose.  No matter how you phrase the question, we're doing it to ourselves, so you should be asking why we're doing that before you blame God for allowing it to happen.  Furthermore, the question  "does God care?" and the question "does God exist?" are two very different questions.  Many have posited the existence of a God who exists but does not care. 3 days agoflag  reply+6littlwarrior  antiutopia:You see your argument is based in theology, what is sin who defines sin ect ect, I do not accept theology. I accept that there may be a god, I accept that he may be involved in our lives, but he may not be involved in anything at all. beyond that I find the whole god thing quite useless, he does not help us, he does not "guide" us. He saves us from nothing, but these supposed sins that I see no evidence he actually defined. If he is of no use to me then why would I keep him around. thats hoarding and thats a sin. 3 days agoflag  reply+3Norther00  antiutopia:are u completely insane? what proof of any kind is there that god exists? if he did create us and this world he did a pretty fucking shitty job.. aids? genocide? children starving all over the world? tsunamis wiping out cities? earthquakes devastating poverty stricken cities like they didnt have it hard enough? cancer?  sounds like quite the asshole if u ask me.  just watches over as people suffer everyday? oh wait this is all a test right? to see if he lets us into heaven? quite the fucked up little game... give me a break, the whole christian religion sounds like quite the twisted fairy tale made up so people feel better about what happens after they die. 3 days agoflag  reply-2antiutopia  littlwarrior:littlewarrior --Interesting string of non-sequiturs leading to a non-answer -- doesn't change the fact that you're blaming God for what -we- do.  You clearly think events like the holocaust are morally wrong, or you would not lay them at God's feet as proof that he doesn't care or doesn't exist.  You can't have it both ways -- you can't point to atrocities and say that they are proof against the existence of God, and then say there's no such thing as morality.  Dear Norther00--The world is more than the  horrors you describe, most of which we bring upon ourselves.  Odds are, we created AIDS.  We let our children starve.  Accept responsibility for the human race, or at least insist that it accepts responsibility for itself. 3 days agoflag  reply-1Prijedor  littlwarrior:and you know how god works? just because something bad happened doesnt mean there is no god, 3 days agoflag  reply-1Prijedor  littlwarrior:because one has to die for another to live, if no one would die imagine how over populated this plant would be... 3 days agoflag  reply+3coxian_armada  antiutopia:We created AIDS?!?!?!?!What world are you stuck in bad deeds are done only by humans and God does only good? I am not questioning God but your claims are downright ridiculous. God is not morality, that is something humans develop because we are social animals. It does not automatically appear. 3 days agoflag  reply+4themotivateddropout  antiutopia:Free Will Does Not Excuse An Inactive God.So, we're supposed to blindly believe in an all-powerful, all-knowing god who doesn't stop things like rape and genocide because it's not fair to the rapists and murderers that thieves and liars walk the earth unpunished?I'm sorry, but I can't put stock into a god who sees jerking off, shoplifting, sexual assault, and mass genocide as the same crime. And by allowing the big crimes to continue, this god is insinuating that the crimes are equal. Period.More importantly, I think believing in this Christian god takes away some of the personal responsibility that we should have for our actions. We can always have faith that the events of our lives fit into God's plan/will, and we can always pray for forgiveness for our wrongdoings.One thing is certain: We were created.And if the Christian's are right about who did it, then He/She/It gave up on us a long time ago. This god is not to blame, but I will blame Him/Her/It for being such a damn distraction from real human problems.But I'm not against prayer. It sends out positive energy and makes you feel good, like mental masturbation. And like masturbation you're doing it for yourself (with someone else in mind, of course) but don't limit it as your only choice of action. Prayer is nice, but it doesn't accomplish anything (well, anything more than finding a four leaf clover or making a birthday wish).As my history tutor used to say: "Pray in one hand and shit in the other. Then tell me which filled up quicker."So pray away, Mrs. Linda Greene!Oh, and to Prijedor:And just because something good happened doesn't mean there is a god.Death does not equal murder and genocide. Even if one day every soul on the planet agreed to not kill another for any reason, people would still die everyday. Clearing up room on the planet doesn't excuse Adolf or Columbus. 3 days agoflag  reply+3PzLuvHappeniz  antiutopia:if there really is a "god" or a sentient being that watches over the universe, she/he/it would have given up on us right around the time we started killing each other in her/his/its name 3 days agoflag  reply-3antiutopia  coxian_armada:Yeah, we created AIDS.  It didn't exist until about the 1970s.  Don't you know anything? I'm not saying that God is morality, but that the evils of the holocaust, etc., are human actions, so human beings are responsible, not God.  This seems like common sense to me -- the person who acts is the one responsible for the act. 3 days agoflag  reply-3antiutopia  themotivateddropout:What a dumb-assed response.  You are indeed a dropout.No one claimed that God sees everything from white lies to stealing to genocide as equally immoral.  Some Christians do believe that, but not all Christians believe it, and in fact, historically, most Christians have not believed that.  The Roman Catholic Church, for example, makes a distinction between mortal and venial sins.My actual point was that the impulse to blame God would always exist so long as even the slightest sin existed.  We would not be able to think, "well, okay, people lie, cheat, and steal, but thank God he keeps us from killing each other," because we would not be able to conceive of people killing each other if God prevented all murder.  Instead, we would be wondering why God allowed existing sins, no matter what they were.  So your options are free will or terrible sins.  Since you seem opposed to blind belief, it's clear to me that you're on the side of free will -- you just don't have the intelligence or courage to accept the consequences. 3 days agoflag  reply-3antiutopia  PzLuvHappeniz:How do you know that? 3 days agoflag  reply+2Vierotchka  antiutopia:Oh, it existed well before then.http://www.aegis.com/news/sfe/1998/se980201.html 2 days agoflag  reply+3themotivateddropout  antiutopia:What an equally dumb assed retort. No where in my post did I insult you personally, dick head. How about you grow up and act accordingly. You're a pathetic excuse for a Christian."historically, most Christians have not believed that."Prove that.Really? The Catholic Church makes a distinction between sins? No kidding. But there's always a distinction being shoved down my throat between Catholics and Non-Catholics (by non-Catholics), and I'm not talking about Catholicism. If I was, my post would've been much more sarcastic.I know what your point was, chump, and it wasn't worth repeating. My point is that we would still know death even god prevented mass murder, because we kill animals to eat and people die everyday. If other sins went unpunished, including murder, but genocide was a sin worth smiting off the planet, we wouldn't wonder why god allows existing sins.Oh, and, no one here is wondering. We know what generic response we'd get from a devout believer, and you vomited it all over this board: Free Will.God's "get out of jail free" card. It doesn't matter what happens in our life because it's God's plan and he gave us free will. God doesn't ever have to intervene, despite the fact that he's able to, because he gave us the CHOICE to stick 1 million people in an oven and burn them alive. And we should be grateful.Besides, let's say god did kill all those who committed genocide, starting today. Right now. What would be the downside? The lack of "free will"? I'd give up free will to stop the genocide in Africa. Maybe God is the coward.And what does an overly aggressive Christian like you know about the consequences of free will? What has your "courage" and "intelligence" done to help you accept the consequences? 2 days agoflag  reply-3antiutopia  themotivateddropout:Talk like a dumb ass, speak confidently in your ignorance, get treated like a dumb ass -- get used to, dropout.  You've been regularly insulting to religious faith and those who accept it.  I don't see a lot of respect for the ideas of others coming from you.Are you telling me that you are showing respect for religious belief when you say things like: "As my history tutor used to say: 'Pray in one hand and shit in the other. Then tell me which filled up quicker'"?You say you know what the RCC believes but then ask me to "prove" that historically most Christians do not equate all sins?  How does this make any sense?  Almost all Christians until about the 15th century were Catholic, and more than half of all Christians who have ever lived since then are Catholic.  If you want a norm for Christian belief, start with Catholicism.  Protestant groups are too diverse to define.  Most of what you say is complete nonsense.  I'm not overly aggressive.  I just have self respect -- something that you are lacking. 2 days agoflag  reply+1Norther00  antiutopia:yes im well aware there are more horrors than the ones i listed...not sure how that helps your argument... but whatever, i was simply listing a few.   so why would god create us and throw us in this hell and watch us suffer and see if we fuck up too much so he can at the end of this twisted gauntlet tell us if we get to go up to heaven and hang out in this paradise u call "heaven" (wherever that is)..why wouldn't it just create everyone and put us in a place without evil, disease, natural disasters,rapists, murderers etc?  to see if we make it to the end and meet his standards and expectations? screw that. none of it makes sense... its about as believable as santa clause, the easter bunny and sponge bob.  religions are just about as bad as the rest of the corporations out there and all make about the same money ironically. it seems to much like a scam to me. first of all the bible sounds alot like a fairy tale... adam was molded from dust? eve made from adams rib?!?!? what the hell?  u believe this? noah builds a gigantic ship and puts two of every animal on it? moses wanders through the desert for 40 years? talks to a burning bush(hallucination anyone?) kicks lucifer out of his tree house club because he said he was better looking(someones a little conceded?) just the whole thing sounds ridiculous, oh ya and even if your poor u need to tithe give 10 percent of your money to the church! im sorry but if there is a god i dont think he cares about your money but the church does oh ya they would love to take your money! dont tell me u have to meet at a gigantic nice church in order to talk about god, its a fucking huge scam! and its just a coincidence that your pastor drives a range rover... 2 days agoflag  reply-2antiutopia  Norther00:The Christian narrative of creation and fall is that God did create us perfectly and place us in a perfect world without death or disease -- but gave us choice, and we chose to throw it away.  This isn't so hard to believe as we see people throw away good things on a daily basis.  Raging against God is to miss the point, and even the hope in this narrative.  If we chose to throw it away, we can choose again too, more wisely.  So far as the rest of it goes, different Christians interpret the texts differently.  Some insist on a literal flood; others have been reading the flood narrative as an allegory for salvation.  The NT reads the flood narrative that way, for that matter.  Orthodox readings tend to insist on both literal and figurative meanings.  And no, I don't go to a gigantic huge church, and no, my pastor doesn't drive a Range Rover, and yes, the average church size is closer to around 100-200 people.  It's just that the big ones are the most visible.  I don't personally know any rich pastors. 1 day agoflag  reply+2Norther00  antiutopia:well im not raging against god, i dont believe he has anything to do with it, because it doesnt exist. oh yes thats right god made adam and eve perfect in his image, but then a talking snake tempted them to eat a forbidden apple! so that was enough for him to curse his own creation! u ate my apple!!! you are damned to sin!!!! (sounds like someone had some glitches during beta?) so it was being metaphorical? left it open to interpretation did it? interesting... so how is a great flood mean an allegory for salvation, and what does that have to do with putting two of every animal so life can continue after the flood waters recede? and the other believes its a little of both.... very interesting.. its funny how people rationalize things so they feel more comfortable about what happens after they die.  the Christian religion sounds more and more scattered as the years go on.  and now could u explain the adam being made from dust and eve from his rib?  and tithing? 1 day agoflag  reply+2coxian_armada  antiutopia:No we did not know AIDS in its current form back then, it is a mutated virus. It has been there from the 19th century itself. Don't start blabbering shit yourself. So if a human does good its god whose doing it? Shove your bullcrap somewhere else. Humans actions affects everyone, it depends on how they perceive it. 1 day agoflag  reply+1coxian_armada  antiutopia:Why do you keep repeating the word "dropout". It only shows that you are a snobby arrogant school kid talking out of your ass. 1 day agoflag  reply+1coxian_armada  antiutopia:Ya better read the Bible properly, it claims God is everywhere, God is not affected by time and God exists forever. 1 day agoflag  reply+1coxian_armada  antiutopia:We are a perfect creation? Do you even know how a human body functions? Can you even define a vague term like "perfect" which everyone can accept? If humans are "perfect" as you say, were we so dumb to choose a life full of death, diseases, misery? Stop dreaming, you will never find the Garden of Eden even after you die. Earth is your heaven and hell, you should choose to do good because you want to, not because doing good will get you a free pass to heaven. 1 day agoflag  reply-1antiutopia  coxian_armada:Gad, you can't even read a simple sentence when it's right in front of you.  Initially created perfect but then -fallen-.  I see quite a bit of critiques of the Christian religion by people who know nothing about it -- this outspoken ignorance is shameful. 1 day agoflag  reply-1antiutopia  coxian_armada:No, it shows that I think failure, stupidity, and ignorance are bad things.  I was self-educated too. 1 day agoflag  reply-2antiutopia  coxian_armada:Do you have a source for this?  Everything I've read indicates that we're not sure about the origin of the AIDS virus, but that it was likely was the product of growing vaccine cultures in the wrong kind of animal tissue.  Still -- even if it does date from the 19thC, why didn't it exist before then?  What brought it about?We do affect the environment, you know.  And the environment, in turn, affects us. 1 day agoflag  reply-1antiutopia  Norther00:If God doesn't exist, why are you wasting your time criticizing others' belief in God.  Why are you talking about it?  What difference does belief in God make or not make?  Let's say we go through our lives believing a lie, die, and then disappear from all existence forever.  What does it matter what we believed then? 1 day agoflag  reply+2EdJoyProductions  antiutopia:It matters because laws and practices that are based on religious belief are pushed upon people that do not believe mythology.  If individual beliefs were simply individual belief, it would be one thing, but sanctioning prejudice, sexism and the violation of other people's human rights based on religion is the problem. 1 day agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  antiutopia:It is a retrovirus that has been mutating for centuries. Up until the 19th/20th century, it was harmless to both monkeys, apes and humans. 1 day agoflag  reply0antiutopia  EdJoyProductions:Can you name a single law or practice that affects you, personally, in the way that you've described?  We live in a secular state.  Everyone votes. 1 day agoflag  reply0antiutopia  Vierotchka:If that's true, what caused it to change? 1 day agoflag  reply+2Vierotchka  antiutopia:Retroviruses are prone to mutation. For this reason, viruses in this family often become resistant to antiviral drugs within a relatively short period of time. This level of mutability is one of the reasons cited for the difficulty scientists face in trying to develop a safe and effective HIV vaccine.http://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-retroviruses.htm______________________________________________________________Genome size varies greatly between species. The smallest viral genomes  the ssDNA circoviruses, family Circoviridae  code for only two proteins and have a genome size of only 2 kilobases; the largest  mimiviruses  have genome sizes of over 1.2 megabases and code for over one thousand proteins.[80] RNA viruses generally have smaller genome sizes than DNA viruses because of a higher error-rate when replicating, and have a maximum upper size limit.[81] Beyond this limit, errors in the genome when replicating render the virus useless or uncompetitive. To compensate for this, RNA viruses often have segmented genomes  the genome is split into smaller molecules  thus reducing the chance that an error in a single-component genome will incapacitate the entire genome. In contrast, DNA viruses generally have larger genomes because of the high fidelity of their replication enzymes.[82] Single-strand DNA viruses are an exception to this rule, however, as mutation rates for these genomes can approach the extreme of the ssRNA virus case.[83]Viruses undergo genetic change by several mechanisms. These include a process called genetic drift where individual bases in the DNA or RNA mutate to other bases. Most of these point mutations are "silent"  they do not change the protein that the gene encodes  but others can confer evolutionary advantages such as resistance to antiviral drugs.[84] Antigenic shift occurs when there is a major change in the genome of the virus. This can be a result of recombination or reassortment. When this happens with influenza viruses, pandemics might result.[85] RNA viruses often exist as quasispecies or swarms of viruses of the same species but with slightly different genome nucleoside sequences. Such quasispecies are a prime target for natural selection.[86]http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virus#Genetic_change 1 day agoflag  reply-3antiutopia  Vierotchka:Thanks for the intelligent response, but the text you posted only indicates how, not why.  For the why, you might want to read this wikipedia article:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Origin_of_AIDS#The_unresolved_issues_about_HIV_orig...Note that all proposed theories for the origins of AIDS have to do with human activity, beginning with Bushmeat practices that introduced the SIV virus and then a range of human practices that may have led to a mutation into HIV, including urbanization, colonial practices, unsterile injections, immunization procedures, and sexual promiscuity. 1 day agoflag  reply+3Vierotchka  antiutopia:All you asked for was what caused it to change. It is the nature of that virus, as is that of influenza and of the common cold. I've been keeping up with the whole HIV virus subject since 1981 when I read a very short article in the newspaper about a strange new illness that arose in the Gay community in the USA. It was a one-inch long column, and I intuitively felt it was of major portent, and I cut it out and kept it for years. As my brother had worked in the WHO for years, I personally knew (and still know) a great many doctors there, and got a lot of information from them. I also read all the papers I could find on that subject, and when the Internet arose, I used it to get more information on that subject. 1 day agoflag  reply-3antiutopia  Vierotchka:The article I linked to points to very specific causes and was very well documented.  I'm not sure how recounting your interest in the subject is a response to the claims of the article.  It's pretty clear even from your own sources that researchers expect a -reason- of some kind for SIV to mutate into HIV, and they have postulated variations of about four or so, all of which are man-made. 1 day agoflag  reply+3Vierotchka  antiutopia:The article you linked to has been altered 500 times since March or April 2009 (previous alterations are not logged, probably for lack of space), by dozens and dozens of different people, which makes it totally unreliable and takes away most of its credibility. This is the case with all controversial subjects on Wikipedia which is why Wikipedia is not a credible source with regard to controversial subjects because people with diverse agendas tamper with these articles. 1 day agoflag  reply-3antiutopia  Vierotchka:Coming from someone whose initial post included a "wisegeek" article -- high level science journal there -- and, yes, a wikipedia article?  The article I posted is heavily documented and is not saying anything that I hadn't heard before, especially the theory that immunization practices in Africa contributed to the development of HIV.  Here's one source for that theory cited in the wiki article:^ a b c Ppin J, Labb AC (2008). "Noble goals, unforeseen consequences: control of tropical diseases in colonial Central Africa and the iatrogenic transmission of blood-borne viruses". Trop Med Int Health 13 (6): 74453. doi:10.1111/j.1365-3156.2008.02060.x. PMID 18397182.This is a peer-reviewed journal.  Course, I know it hardly compares to the newspaper articles you've been cutting out for the last thirty years. 1 day agoflag  reply+3Vierotchka  antiutopia:I only cut out one article, the short one back in 1981 about a new disease that has hit the Gay community in the US - so please do not distort my words by saying "I know it hardly compares to the newspaper articles you've been cutting out for the last thirty years." - your doing so only heavily underscores your total lack of intellectual honesty and points out the fact that anything you may post is to be wholly disregarded and discarded as worthless, at best. 1 day agoflag  reply+1littlwarrior  antiutopia:I never said that I blame god I simply don't ink that he cares in the slightest about what we do to ourselves and there is no doubt that we are doing this to ourselves can u say global warming. I accept that he may exist but i have never seen any evidence to either prove or disprove prove his/her existence. However there is more than ample evidence that if there is some all powerful being that being cares very little for the lives of humans.  I never said there is no morality, however there is no morality in existence that has any solid evidence to say it was created by any god there are however thousands of codes of morality that have been created by man. We make right and wrong some simply use god as and omniscient means to enforce theirncodes of morality. 24 hours agoflag  reply0antiutopia  Vierotchka:Please -- I misremember one detail in a post and everything that I say is subsequently useless?  You're reaching.  You initially quoted from Wikipedia, then when I did the same, you say it's untrustworthy.  I then provide Wikipedia's documentation, which on that specific point was clearly from a professional, peer-reviewed journal, and you come up with this because you have nothing else to say.  You're not your brother or any of the doctors that you speak to.  Documentation is out there.  Most professionals do not believe that the virus mutated into HIV by itself. 24 hours agoflag  reply-1antiutopia  littlwarrior:And all this adds up to... what?  If you admit that we're doing it to ourselves, then maybe you should quit talking about a God you're not sure about and start talking about us.  If you think these moral codes are so bad, maybe you should read them and see that if we followed them, we wouldn't do all these horrible things.  There are no moral codes in any major religion that say, "Thou shalt commit genocide."When you say this: "I do not blame him, but I cannot believe that there is an all powerful being that really cares if he lets all this happen."You're really making no sense.  A person who could or should stop something from happening but does not shares in the responsibility for it happening -- if you believe God arbitrarily "lets" us do all of this stuff to ourselves, then you are blaming God for what happens.  I believe that he put us in charge of this earth and our lives and we are reaping the consequences of our own decisions, and that most of us would rather blame God than accept responsibility for what we do to ourselves and to others. 24 hours agoflag  reply+1littlwarrior  antiutopia:So then you to blame god because he could have stopped all this if he really was all powerful. I am not here to argue over the benefits of of morality systems, what I an saying is that all of this talk about god is pointless and ridiculous. To ask god for help is simply foolish because he will not help he never has and he never will. We need to address what we can do to resolve our own issues because whether the is a god or not he will not be the one to save us. 23 hours agoflag  reply+1littlwarrior  Prijedor:I never said there was no god simply that he does not care about us. 23 hours agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  antiutopia:If you had bothered to read the Ppin/Labb report, you would have known that it does in no way suggest that immunization practices in Africa contributed to the development of HIV, but MAY have amplified it exponentially, so you have not proven anything whatsoever:Background In southern Cameroon, 4050% of individuals born before 1945 have antibodies against hepatitis C virus (HCV), suggesting massive iatrogenic transmission of at least one blood-borne virus in the region of the world where SIVcpz emerged into HIV-1.Objective To estimate the potential role of disease control programs that used intravenous (IV) drugs in the transmission of blood-borne viruses, especially HCV.Methods We reviewed, for 19211959, records of health services in Cameroun, Oubangui-Chari, Gabon and Moyen-Congo. We calculated the incidence of diseases whose treatment required the administration of IV drugs, and compared these with previously published data on HCV prevalence.Results Several IV drugs were used against African trypanosomiasis, leprosy, yaws and syphilis. However, yaws was the only disease whose incidence was high enough so that up to half of some birth cohorts could have acquired HCV. Yaws incidence varied dramatically between regions, and was often >200 per 1000 per year in southern Cameroon, where extremely high HCV prevalence was found. Yaws incidence peaked between 1935 and 1955, a period which coincided with the emergence of HCV and HIV.Conclusion Age, geographical and temporal distributions of yaws suggest that the HCV epidemic in Cameroon was driven by campaigns against yaws (and, secondarily, syphilis) using arsenicals and other metallic drugs. The same interventions may have exponentially amplified other blood-borne viruses, including SIVcpz/HIV-1. 23 hours agoflag  reply+1littlwarrior  Prijedor:you have a good point however based on that premise one could argue that only a cruel god could create such a flawed system. Moreover if there were some divine plan and purpose for all of us then tell me what of still born babies or those who die but days after birth, the only impact that has is pain. All of these things argue all the more for there is n god, I personally hold no point of view that there is or is not a god simply that if there is this omniscient being cares nothing for us as individuals or as a whole. 23 hours agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  antiutopia:You misremembered something that was easy to remember, especially as it was very close to the post you responded to? I don't think so. In my opinion, you made a deliberate straw man attack. If you honestly misremembered what I wrote, you have alarmingly profound memory problems and should not delay in consulting. Such short memory problems can indicate the onset of Alzheimer's disease, and there is a blood test available now that allows for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease in a living person. 23 hours agoflag  reply+2coxian_armada  antiutopia:"initially created perfect but then fallen" how could it be perfect if the quality could degrade, the logic in your "perfect human beings" does not sound right at all. 18 hours agoflag  reply0coxian_armada  antiutopia:Search SIV then you would know. 18 hours agoflag  reply+1coxian_armada  antiutopia:Self -educated does not necessarily give you the licence to call anyone a dropout on a whim. 18 hours agoflag  reply0Norther00  antiutopia:im not criticizing other people belief in god, im criticizing yours, because of your ridiculous comment about why god didnt step in on the holocaust... you sound delusional.. i just wish you could listen to yourself lol.. 32 minutes agoflag  reply0Norther00  antiutopia:well actually i was raised in a Christian family raised going to church every wed and sunday morning and my dad is a preacher now, i do know the bible but i dont just believe in it because i was fed it as a child.   i have researched many religions and choose not to believe them because there are o so many holes, none make any logical sense of any kind and i dont believe in the "oh just have faith" im not going to blindly believe in it because someone tells me i need to have "faith" i prefer in educating myself and then deciding what makes most sense to me, and it all sounds like a fucking fairy tale. 18 minutes agoflag  reply+17MizPizWasn't there a large ecological disaster thats happened not too long ago involving a multinational corporation and some black, sludge-like substance? I can understand forgetting it, it only effected the entire gulf coast and some how seemed to solve itself. 3 days agoflag  reply+2EdJoyProductions  MizPiz:That vaguely rings a bell. 3 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  EdJoyProductions:Oh now! Thats been over with for months now why bring that Up? 3 days agoflag  reply+3Eddie_Miller  MizPiz:*waves hand mystically*this is not the oil spill you are looking for 3 days agoflag  reply+2damushAnd gues who banks on this??? Long John Silvers', McDonald's, Jack in the Box the Hilton Hotel franchise.....hmmmm. It smells like corporate spirit! 3 days agoflag  reply+4bundlebear  damush:once cats start keeling over i'm giving up chinese food 3 days agoflag  reply0antiutopiaIt's time I came forward: I'm doing it with my superpowers as a warning of the wrath to come. 3 days agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  antiutopia:Of course you are.  Thanks for letting the current community know first.  :) 3 days agoflag  reply+3EdJoyProductionsQuestion on Drum fish:  What if the pollutant was of a nature that drum fish were particularly sensitive to?  To say that a pollutant could not be responsible is premature.  I don't know what is going on with the birds but the massive oils spills that no one seems to have an accurate amount on might have something to do with the fish. 3 days agoflag  reply+5JanforGore  EdJoyProductions:Yes, if it isn't the poison, it's the fact that it is sucking all the oxygen out of the water and suffocating them. And if it did enter the ocean conveyor belt from below and is moving around the continents, that could also partly explain why Europe has had such cold weather off the Atlantic and why the East Coast has had such large amounts of snow. 3 days agoflag  reply+2PzLuvHappeniz  JanforGore:mind.blown. 3 days agoflag  reply0Norther00  JanforGore:alot of people dont understand how much of an effect the ocean has on the worlds climates. 17 minutes agoflag  replymore fromNews:Latest News Wyatt Earp SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Latest Updates Five People Injured In SUV Rollover Toyota Needs Brake Override Technology most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10Imran Khan: Pakistan is 'going down' more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!It's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Smoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-Dadefrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  7 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  16 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  17 minutes agoI will defend anyone's right to free speech.   I merely hope those doing the speaking understand the consequences of their words.  Speak from the heart but think with your conscience. Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  1 hour agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the... mcjk commented on AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event...  1 hour agoWhat kind of news article does it take for people to have a mature, rational discussion here on Current?  Seriously, multiple people died, and more injured- and most of the comments I am reading...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog