Human Branding and the Devoted FatherHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingKidsChild AbuseHuman Branding and the Devoted FatherHuman Branding and the Devoted Father73rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy FrankiesGirl6YrSee all 11 photosElectro-cautery tool usedExplaining Human BrandingHuman Branding - involves heating a design element and placing it on the skin. This results in third-degree burns and nerve death to the area, which leaves a permanently raised scare. Brief History of Branding It used to be that certain individuals receive human branding by force. Slave owners brand their slaves to identify them as their property. Human branding is also a form of torture and punishment for criminals in ancient criminal laws. Hot iron was used to burn symbols into individuals. The practice is not only extremely painful but also humiliating as marks are often burned on visible parts of the body. In certain groups, such as gangs and fraternities, human branding may also serve as an initiation test or rite-of-passage ritual. WARNINGHuman branding is a serious procedure with risks of infections and other third-degree burn complications. Therefore, do not attempt self-branding. Choose a qualified body artist by visiting local studios in your area, talking to former clients and looking at previous branding work of the artist. Possible Risk: Any time you burn flesh, there is a possibility of side effects, which including: Permanent loss of sensation in the area  Allergic reaction to the metal  Infection  Cardiac arrest (This is a rare side effect and is related to branding by untrained individuals.)  Proper aftercare is needed and involves:  For the first 48 hours, rub the wound with an aloe-based gel.  Clean the wound twice a day with a pure soap or antiseptic.  Rinse the wound with plain water.  Gently pat dry with cotton or a clean towel.  If desired, wrap the wound until it has stopped oozing.  Keep the wound clean and dry until it has completely scabbed over. Reasons For Branding: There are several reasons a person may consider to experience human branding:Link to the PastDecorative burning has graphic origins in the tribes of Africa. For many tribes, extreme body modifications signified a rite of passage. Once a person could withstand the pain involved in burning skin, he/she has officially left childhood behind. Body burning was also considered a sign of beauty. Women with scarred chests were particularly prized. Later, slaves were branded to show ownership. Slaves were often marked in multiple locations, for easier capture in case of escape. Today, branding is a way for people to pay homage to their tribal ancestors. Group MembershipStill others use brands as an initiation into a group, or gang. The ability to endure the pain is seen as a final test for prospective members. Some college fraternities use scarification in their top-secret hazing rituals. Sex GamesScarification is fairly common in the BDSM world. Players of sadomasochistic games will often use brands as a sign of ownership. It is not unusual for the dominant party to subject his or her servant to painful burning. A true masochist derives intense pleasure from the excruciating pain.Today  Human Branding can be considered one of the most painful of all body modifications or self mutilation, some say. Branding works through the process of controlled injury and should never be considered Safe. If applied by a professional with experience in branding the risk could be considered acceptable. Although I found several articles that briefly mention that human branding is legal, I was unable to find any direct information or training requirements for the procedure.  Types of Branding There are three types of branding preformed in area tattoo shops today. Strike Branding - this is where a branding iron is made, heated and then pressed against the skin. DO NOT USE ANYTHING MADE FOR BRANDING ANIMALS, WOOD OR FOOD UNLESS YOU WANT A GIGANTIC BLOB OF SCAR TISSUE.  Electro-Cautery Branding - this technique is done using a medical device originally designed to stop bleeding by sealing the bleeding blood vessels.  Direct Fire Branding - this method involves putting something in direct contact with the skin and lighting it on fire so that it leaves burns. Now that I have introduced the basic facts of human branding, I would like to provide this article on a recent trial that was held on the issue. Before I give any opinion or decorative view on the incident, I would like you to read the article on the incident that took place and the verdict given by twelve of our capable citizens.  Self Branding Son1 BrandedTool UsedSon2 BrandedDad Brand His ChildrenPORT ANGELES, Wash. - A Sequim father is on trial, accused of disfiguring his children in a painful ritual. He says it was all part of family bonding, but prosecutors call it family branding.Mark Seamands calls himself a devoted father, and as such, he wanted a way to demonstrate that devotion to his three children. So, on Thanksgiving Day of 2008 he asked a friend, Denny Secord, to use a homemade branding iron to burn a family crest into his skin. It's something hed been planning for months."I just heated it up and touched it to him and took it off," said Secord as he testified in court Wednesday. "I said, Jeez did that hurt? He said, 'No, not at all.'Seacord says a short time later Seamands three kids showed up and excitedly asked to be branded themselves. Seamands admits he then took a propane torch, heated the iron up and branded Seamands' 13-year-old sons chest and 15-year-old sons arm with SK for "Seamands Kids."A new family tradition had begun -- one the kids say theyre proud of. They don't think their dad did anything wrong."Its different than a tattoo. It obviously means something to me and my family that's personal," said one of the boys. KING 5 is not indentifying them because they are minors.This was all happening in the midst of a divorce between Seamands and his childrens mother  who Seamands says gave her consent for the brandings."I believe this amplified the fact that I would be there for them, through anything," testified Seamands.But as opposed to a case of father knows best", prosecutors say it plays more like daddy dearest. Seamands is charged with second-degree assault for permanently disfiguring" his children.Despite the teens support for their father, the law doesnt allow them to determine whether they were assaulted because they're minors. It is now up to a jury to decide when a fathers love goes too far.The father also branded his daughter, but she is 18 and there are no charges pending with her because shes an adult.Jury deliberations begin Thursday morning May 12Verdict for Father Branding KidsPORT ANGELES, Wash. - A jury has declared a Sequim father not guilty of second degree assault fordisfiguring his children in a painful ritual. He says it was all part of family bonding, but prosecutors call it family branding. The jury, however, was deadlocked and declared a mistrialon a lesser charge of fourth degree assault.Mark Seamands called himself a devoted father, and as such, he wanted a way to demonstrate that devotion to his three children. So, on Thanksgiving Day of 2008 he asked a friend, Denny Secord, to use a homemade branding iron to burn a family crest into his skin. It's something hed been planning for months."I just heated it up and touched it to him and took it off," said Secord as he testified in court Wednesday. "I said, Jeez did that hurt? He said, 'No, not at all.'Secord says a short time later Seamands three kids showed up and excitedly asked to be branded themselves. Seamands admits he then took a propane torch, heated the iron up and branded Seamands' 13-year-old sons chest and 15-year-old sons arm with SK for "Seamands Kids."A new family tradition had begun -- one the kids say theyre proud of. They don't think their dad did anything wrong."Its different than a tattoo. It obviously means something to me and my family that's personal," said one of the boys. KING 5 is not identifying them because they are minors.This all happened in the midst of a divorce between Seamands and his childrens mother  who Seamands says gave her consent for the brandings."I believe this amplified the fact that I would be there for them, through anything," testified Seamands.But as opposed to a case of father knows best", prosecutors say it played more like daddy dearest. Seamandswas charged with second-degree assault for permanently disfiguring" his children.Despite the teens support for their father, the law doesnt allow them to determine whether they were assaulted because they're minors. The father also branded his daughter, but she is 18 and there are no charges pending with her because shes an adult.Jury deliberations began Thursday morning.The prosecutor says he will hold a meeting on May 28 and decide if he'll retry Seamands on the fourth degree assault charge.This trial and the verdict given sent a message. It gave permission for a parent to issue a third degree burn to their child. In the future, cases of child abuse involving burns will be referred back to this trial and how a father was present with a not guilty verdict, although he heated up a metal tool and placed it against ALL of the childrens skin. Although his children may have seen the incident as cool now, what is going to be their view on the massive scare at the age of 25? The only way a scare of this severity can become non-excitant is through a skin graph, a surgery only preformed on a needed basis.  Human Branded was placed in the same category of tattooing and piercing. Both, tattoos and piercings, can be professional done if a kid under the age of 18 obtains a parents signature. Even with tattoos most artist will not tattoo a child under the age of 15 even if their provided with a parents signature. The youngest child in the case above was 13. I believe a person should wait until their 18 to get a tattoo, this way they have had ample time to think about what they wanted displayed on their body for the rest of their life and they will, more than likely, not have to go through the process of a painful laser removal. Piercings, no big deal, they close up leaving very little to no scare. I believe what he did was a form of child abuse, especially to the thirteen year old. For one I dont know how he got through the process pain wise and two when you think about the stupid things you did yourself when you were that age, you wish you could take some of it back. A child this age does not need the help of his parent in providing self mutilation, nor does he need such a big decision to conform his appearance. Self BrandingVOTE: Whats Your Verdict?Was the father decion to brand his children A form of child abuse Family Bonding Just Bad JudgementSee results without votingvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny Awesome (1)Beautiful Domestic Violence: WHERE IS ABDUCTED MOM?? VENUS STEWARTDomestic Violence: Domestic Violence, Why Don't They Just Leave?.Graphic PhotosWhat Are Thoughts On Human Branding?rdcast7 months ago Okay, this made me queasy. I'm not good with pain to start with. Needles, scalpels or any occasion causing blood flow or body trauma for me or others tend to make me faint. You did an excellent job for this piece by treating it so impersonally. I would of had problems in doing so. I couldn't bring myself to watch the videos.My wife has a few piercings and would like tats, but agreed with me that branding wasn't for us. See, your article defused my otherwise hash point of view concerning this subject. This Hub was both interesting and most informative. Thanks.I'd like to add, the father who branded his kids did them no favor. The visual effect appears to me as punishment or slave branding. I've seen much better brands on livestock. I wish I had been on that jury. He would have had a more difficult time avoiding conviction. He must be one controlling s.o.b. To abuse the trusting and forgiving nature of children is to me, evil and beyond criminal.FrankiesGirl6Yr7 months ago Thanks for the idea and story site :). I was talking with my husband this morning about how branding can be found in area tattoo and piercing shop. Neither of us thinks they this should be connected or categorized as body art. This is coming from two people who are not afraid of needles at all..My husband has sleeves on both arms and most of his back done, while I have my nose, tongue, labrae, cartilage, and other unmentionables pierced.  I see tattooing and piercing as more of an art or form of self expression. Both of these modifications can be changed, returning an individual back, or close to, original form. The Human Branding falls more along the line of self mutilation than self expression. Personal I could never look at a human brand as unique, beautiful, or an artistic meaning. To me it looks nastyand I can say this after looking at hundreds of pictures researching the subject. I think the main reason behind it, is the shock factor, a marking that say look, I withstood the pain. I honestly do not see this body modification ever catching on or becoming as wide spread as tattooing.dracaslair7 months ago i dont know why poeple would want to do this.it looks to painfull.parents should go to jail for this.this is something to gross.great hub.others need to know about thisTraditions7 months ago Branding is no big deal. It only really hurts while the iron is pressing against the flesh, which is why the cow screams. After the iron is removed it doesn't hurt as bad as accidently touching a hot fry pan. A burn of that type seems to last for hours. But a burn from a brand only lasts a few seconds, mainly because the nerve endings are completely dead.So many today think it barbaric. Rituals such as this have been practiced for years by many people groups, and only affirm the bond one has with a group.I am proudly branded and confirmed in a group and have been since my thirteenth birthday. While membership in the group is not family based, membership is afforded to the children of existing members. And because of that, I will offer this to my kids one dayvery soon. Luckily my wife knows this may happen one day and is okay with it.That poor dadThank God this father found value in ritual bonding even if painful. What this man did isn't anything new. Normally conducted privately, I can remember a few painful experiences my brothers and I did that bonded us together. The only issue here is that someone (his ex-wife from what other articles on the matter have indicated) decided to ruin the experience this father shared with his boys. Not really hard to imagine that happening in this over feminized world.Good work Mr. Seamands. You are a good father, and have bonded with your boys in a way that will last them a lifetime. Even when the kid turns 25, he'll remember how much his father loves him. Continue to build those bonds.We should all be so fortunate.rdcast7 months ago Welcome to HubPages Traditions. Interesting this would be your first ever involvement here and that your name would seem to have been created for this article exclusively. What future interest in HubPages can we expect out of you? Not much I suspect.I'm sure you understand the concept of criminally corrupting others, as in the illegality of corrupting minors. Yourdictionary.com defines it, in part, as "The arousal or encouragement of a childs destructive antisocial behavior by a parent, guardian, or other caregiver."I'm not in the business of judging other ADULTS for what they do to themselves or to other consenting ADULTS. Bonding rituals are in and of themselves immature acts, used to demonstrate some, supposedly, higher form of sincerity. One might compare it to young girls involved in cutting, where they need to experience something real, but are left wanting from an immature, underdeveloped emotional skill set. So they become addicted with this antisocial behavior. Certain eating disorders also come to mind as related variant narcissism's as is histrionics, where nothing is grand enough and everything must be embellished or inflated to glorify ones involvement in a perpetual struggle for recognition.Point being Traditions, children have enough challenges just finding their way to normalcy. What you intend to do to your children will be accepted by them much in the same way as when sexually abused children are easily tricked into believing it represents love and acceptance or beat any child near death and making them believe it's their fault, or continually talk down to these little ones and destroy their developing spirit and self-esteem. Marring that 13 year old boy's chest with that UGLY mark will be something that child will either come to hate or try to justify all his life, not to mention the revulsion it will cause any normal girl who might have found him attractive.No, this guy harmed his children greatly by imposing HIS own warped insecurities on them. Two things I've noticed about this, one was your mentioning of the sexist slant. This bonding crap with children is a behavior exhibited most entirely by men, which is why some men can't be trusted with any child's development and well-being, and the other was the fact that this man did this to his own children BEFORE they reached adulthood, providing them a chance to make a mature decision. Damage is done once again to the weak and defenseless. He should never be allowed to be alone with children again along with any other man who has this demented self-image that demands territorial marking. Why don't yall just piss on yourselves if you must mark something as yours and leave children alone?FrankiesGirl6Yr7 months ago Ecellent responce as usual rdcast...Very intelligent response!!! Thank you :)billyaustindillon7 months ago Having grown up with cattle I just find this as out there as one could imagine - I just ask why? Very well put together hub though!rdcast7 months ago It was my heartfelt pleasure. I would like to correct this portion, found in middle of the last paragraph:"the fact that this man did this to his own children BEFORE they reached adulthood, providing them a chance to make a mature decision"It should have read:"the fact that this man did this to his own children BEFORE they reached adulthood, "CRUELLY ROBS" them of the chance to make a mature decision". This obviously perverts a child's ability to separate from parental control, which is so imperative for normal human development. But isn't that ultimately the intent? What a cruel, cruel hoax and grab for a sinister form of manipulative power...Traditions7 months ago As I have been flamed in more than a couple of emails, I feel it somewhat important to make one correction to my post. I stated that I was branded at thirteen. That is incorrect. I was branded at fifteen. My experience at thirteen was more emotionally painful, such as a bar mitzvah or bat mitzvah can be emotionally painful to a Jewish childnot scaring, just painful.To my fellow CHRISTians, please consider that my stance on this matter might fall under Romans 14, as opposed to Leviticus 19:28 taken out of context.Sorry FrankiesGirl6Yr. I hope this does not seem like I am high jacking your great post. I just thought it easier to state this here than in individual emails. Your post has definitely spurred some interesting conversations and Bible studies, and for that I am grateful.rdcast7 months ago He who says to the wicked, You are righteous, Him the people will curse; Nations will abhor him. But those who rebuke the wicked will have delight, And a good blessing will come upon them. (Proverbs 24:24-25 NKJV)Take heed to yourselves. If your brother sins against you, rebuke him; and if he repents, forgive him. And if he sins against you seven times in a day, and seven times in a day returns to you, saying, I repent, you shall forgive him. (Luke 17:3-4 NKJV)And why do you look at the speck in your brothers eye, but do not consider the plank in your own eye? Or how can you say to your brother, Let me remove the speck from your eye; and look, a plank is in your own eye? Hypocrite! First remove the plank from your own eye, and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brothers eye. (Matthew 7:3-5 NKJV)I am guilty of much sin, so I'm entirely open for rebuke. Branding children is wrong, but you haven't done it yet. I have prayed that your children be protected from you and I expect that to happen if God is so willing.rdcast7 months ago "I was branded at fifteen. My experience at thirteen was more emotionally painful, such as a bar mitzvah or bat mitzvah can be emotionally painful to a Jewish childnot scaring, just painful."Traditions, don't confuse what is done for God's sake with what is done for our own glory. That would be an abomination. Notice I said "our own glory", I'm not singling you out. We all have sinned and I know you realize this. You want to consider me a brother in Christ and I dare say an older brother at that. So I'm asking you in God's Holy Spirit, will you please restrain from branding your children, whether they want it now or not, for the few short years it will take them to reach 18? And in the meantime, you and I can muse over the Living Word of God to our heart's content.Traditions7 months ago rdcast,As I have stated in our emails, you have failed to debate the issue logically. Here you seek to posture yourself as a Holy man of GOD, but in our emails back and forth you have showed nothing but hated for your fellow CHRISTian. As I stated in my last email to you, I am done. "Debating" you is no longer a worthwhile use of my time. Please take my request in my last email to heart and don't cause this brother to stumble in his easily besetting sin of anger.By the way, in your other post, II Peter 3:8 is a metaphor not meant to be taken literally. Note the use of the word AS.You have the last word, as I am doen wasting my time.FrankiesGirl6Yr7 months ago Traditions,First I want to say..... I am not a religious person AT ALL!, but,  I am curious to know..was the branding you received at 15 or "marking of membership", for religious purposes or done to grant entry into a religious group? Also I was wondering if you were branded by a "professional" adult or by someone of the same age?Human Branding has been used centuries upon, but mainly as a form of torture or a forceful making of ownership. Religion wise, I personally have only heard of practices in few African tribes, whom also use other body modifications for different passage in life. Furth more, branding is practiced by different denominations of the occult for reasons of self mutilation, initiation, or pleasure.Before Human Branding became legal and preformed in tattoo shops, it was mainly recognized in association with gang initiation.I dont have to have details, that is even if you choose to answer my question, I was just wondering if you would elaborate a little more.Stanley_198026 months ago Hello,I don't really understand how this could be a good idea at all. Back in 1997 I made what I feel now was a large mistake. I started self injuring. Cutting to be exact. The firs time was a accident. When it happened, I discovered it made me feel better. I found our later that injuries, such as cuts and burns trigger a chemical to be released in the brain that blocks pain. Endorphins, the body's natual pain killer. At the time I was being frequently abused and SI'ing made me feel better. It took away the emotional pain. The hurt inside. And at the time, I thought I had perfect control. As time went on, I did it more and more. I began craving the calm pain free feeling I got from it. At one time, it was so out of control. In a average session I would make between 50-150 4 inch long cuts. From wrist to elbow on both arms. I had to wear long sleeve shirts or arm bands to keep people from asking questions. And the stupid explinations I made for the people who did find out. Things are better these days. A person taught me how to use meditation to keep my emotions in check instead of turning to cutting. Although, I still slip from time to time. My point is, both my arms are covered in scars. It looks like someone dragged a sharpened fork or something down my arms thousands of times. I greatly regret doing it. For ever thinking I had control over it. It was a huge mistake I wish I could go back and undo. At the time, I was young and jumped at anything that made it easier to cope with the abuse. All I can say is, if your even thinking about doing it, don't. It's not worth it. And scars don't fade as quickly as one might think. I can still see scars from when I first did it back in 1997. I did come across a good site for support however, for any form of self harm. It's www.recoveryourlife.com. Very supportive place. Be safe everyone.-StanleySubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites87FrankiesGirl6YrFrom South Carolina50 Followers52 HubsJoined 8 months agoRead more hubs by FrankiesGirl6YrContact FrankiesGirl6YrFollow FrankiesGirl6YrSubscribe to FrankiesGirl6Yr's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk FrankiesGirl6Yr a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat can be done to avoid ocular migraines?asked by Zara xai Mazhar 7 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionDifferent types of body modificationasked by gamergirl 2 years ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsDiaper Discipline, What it is, and why it's dangerous to...by Stanley_19802Chinese Hair Bands Made From Used Condomsby magnoliazzJames Bond 007 Moviesby Triplet MomBUY "TEND SKIN" FOR MEN AND WOMEN | HOW TO HAVE FEWER...by K9keystrokesHeartburn, Acid Reflux and Indigestion...Things you...by happyfaktorTaming Tummy Troublesby sgjerome Child Abuse ForumTopicRepliesTeapots: What are you buying?posted by chocopie841Details to Consider when Buying Tea Cups and Saucersposted by chocopie840Keeping Showers Safe for Childrenposted by chocopie841Post a new topic1 more topic Tagslife parenting artist tattoo rights branding Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.962 sec)  working