The Murder SuspectHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingKidsChild AbuseThe Murder SuspectThe Murder Suspect64rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Froggy213What Now? Many of you reading this know about what happened to my family and me about 1 year ago. On June 23rd, 2007 my grandson, Jonathan, was, I feel, murdered. He was only 23 months old.David Olson, my daughter's ex-boyfriend, had Jonathan in the shower while my daughter was at work. He claims Jonathan fell in the shower. I held Jonathan when he was pronounced deceased. HE DIDN'T FALL IN A SHOWER.The case has been under investigation this whole time. There has been a lot of incompetency by officials investigating.To learn more, I have all my writings at this blog:Froggy's Angels and Demons David has shown a lot of guilt in this whole case. Just a few weeks ago he was sentenced to 90 days on violation of probation. He ran out of the courtroom. They just caught him this last week.Below is a picture of this suspected killer also under that is a link to the escape story.   EscapeeLocal News My question is: are they interrogating him? Why would someone run on a 90 day sentence if they were not guilty of other things, such as murdering a 23 month old boy?I don't know if this county will do anything because they sure have dragged their feet up until now.Angie Hemphill Wright (the prosecutor) told us that they think Jonathan died from water torcher. We have put 2 and 2 together and think that Jonathan probably did fall in the shower and was crying and screaming. David never liked him crying so we feel he probably put a wet wash cloth over his mouth and nose to keep him from crying and maybe even ran water in it.He suffocated my grandson and he might get off.I have seen prosecutor's convict over less. It seems there is more than enough circumstantial evidence here.Well, no matter what, I am NOT letting this go. The picture above is from vinelink. This person should never be around children.I am putting a water torcher video here so you can see why I am so angry. An accident is one thing-murder is another.What is next Lebanon, Missouri? Will you allow this?  My Grandson Below is a picture of Jonathan--May his justice be served.Paw-Paw loves and misses you!   vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful 2 Years In LimboNo Justice For Jonathan-The Bitter EndingCommentsSirDent2 years ago My heart broke as I read this. So sorry for your loss and the agony you are going through. I really don't see how you can hold yourself together, but I am glad you are.Froggy2132 years ago Thanks my friendPenmanZee2 years ago I've sat here five minutes wondering what to say to you my friend. I couldn't find words. All I can do is say a prayer for you - that God may wash His peace over you and your family. Do what you have to do to bring the monster that did this to justice.Zsuzsy Bee2 years ago Be strong Froggie! My thoughts are with you. Until justice has been served it's so hard to find any type of peace, let alone closure... be strong my friend be strongregards Zsuzsy Froggy2132 years ago May God bless all of you my friends--compu-smart2 years ago Froggy, I have followed this terribly sad story all along and i always will hope that justice can be done much sooner rather than later. I try to possibly imaging what your all going through which must be such greif and anger!My heart and prayers are for you Froggy!Froggy2132 years ago Thanks my good friend--I know it will all work out, but the battle must go on until!stephhicks682 years ago Froggy, I am so sad, and my eyes are filled with tears.  How anyone could do this to a little boy is beyond me.  I love and cherish my children, as I would any young human being.  My thoughts and prayers are with you as always.  StephRUTHIE172 years ago I am so sorry this happened to such a beautiful, happy looking little boy and to your family.  The age of 23 months--a child is so little compared to an adult.  How anyone could do this to a baby is beyond me.I hope he gets the full punishment he deserves!  I've heard that child killers are often tortured or killed themselves in prison.  The wheels of justice are slow sometimes, but will ulitimately grind the wicked beneath them.Hang in there.  My prayers are with you.Crazy Old Lady2 years ago My heart breaks for you and your family. I believe that to lose a child or grandchild is, without a doubt, the most horrible thing that could possibly happen to a person. To lose one in such a way compounds the agony a million-fold and sincerely hope that David Olson is brought to justice very soon.I applaud your strength and tenacity in all you are doing, not only to bring this person to justice, but to add to the awareness of people about the abuse of children that goes on, usually unseen and often not reported.I can empathize with your pain and loss to a certain degree, as my sweet 2-year-old daughter was killed when a friend was baby-sitting for us. He dropped her, she hit her head and he put her to bed. Long story short ... I came home from work and found her in her crib while my husband at the time slept in the next room, totally oblivious to the fact that our baby was dead. In my case, it truely was an accident, albeit total ignorance on the part of the friend who put her to bed after she hit her head. That was almost 30 years ago but the pain of the loss is still there and always will be.I wish the best for you and yours, and will keep you in my thoughts and in my heart.Froggy2132 years ago Thank you my friends. It helps so much to know that there are people that truly do care.I believe God introduced us crazyoldlady. Your child now is with my grandson in heaven all we can do is fight on and trust that God will make things right.Again, thank you my friends. Know the facts2 years ago I happen to be a person with insite to this situation. It might be that your facts are not so right. Your daughter was using Meth. in fact she was using during her last pregnacy. Your daughter was the one who made the choice not to take Johnathan to the ER or call 911 right away. As a mother, no matter what the situation is how could you not seek medical attention for your child as soon as you know somthing happend.  Mr. Olson has been given Two lie detector test and has passed both of them. He loved that boy as if he were his own.  There have been people to come foward and admit to seeing your daughter abusing that child.  If Mr. olson was guilty of killing him the state would have already done somthing about it. The bruse on his check was from him falling off a bike on the sidewalk, which there are witnesses to.  This is a case of a father who never liked the boyfriend of his daughter and wants to point the finger to help ease the pain of the loss of the child.  Where is the mother during all of this, why has she not been the one seeking justice for him.  I dont see where she feels Mr. Olson is to blame.  Is it maybe true that is was infact an accident and that your daughter , the mother of Johnathan just did not know that if you hit your head and it dose not swell outwards there is a problem and if there is a cut and it dose not bleed that there is a problem. She was the parent, Why was the child put to bed. You said that She was in another room when she heard him breathign funny, it was a small one room hotel. People make mistakes. The only mistake in this matter is the fact that they did not know to seek medical attention right away. The child did not die from suffication, or drowning.  He died from bleeding in the brain. If child abuse was an issue then action would have for sure been taken. you need to learn to let go of your anger and exceopt Johnathan's death was an accident.  Let him rest in Peace. Mr. Olson is not apart of your life or hers anymore.  Just leave it be.Froggy2132 years ago As you are probably David's girlfriend from Buffalo, I will have you know that Amy has never done meth--I will not argue with you because you are all going to burn in HELL anyway.Jonathan's death was no accident--David Olson killed him in the shower--You want to be credible--give us your real name!! I'm sure the prosecutor would love to talk to you since you think you know so much.If  it was an accident, why did Olson contradict so many of his earlier statements. PERSON WITH THE FACTS2 years ago tHINK WHAT YOU WANT ABOUT YOUR DAUGHTER, SHE DID INFACT USE METH, AND SMOKED AND STILL DOSE SMOKE WEED. DONT BELIEVE ME? GIVE HER A DRUG TEST. AND AS FAR AS THE PROTECTION ORDER WENT I FIND IT FUNNY YOU SAY HE BROKE IT . WHAT ABOUT HER GOING TO BUFFALO AND RENTING AN APPARTMENT (WITH) MR. OLSON. IF YOU WANNA CHECK THAT OUT YOU CAN. YOU HAVE NOT SHOWN PROOF OF YOUR DAUGHTER SAYING THAT SHE FEELS IT WAS NOT AN ACCIDENT. WHENS THE LAST TIME YOU WERE ARRESTED FOR DRUGS? YOU NEED TO STOP POINTING FINGERS AND START CLEANING UP YOUR OWN LIFE AND MOVE ON. YOU SAY HIS STORIES DONT PAN OUT, WELL THEN WHY HAS HE PASSED NOT ONE BUT TWO LIE DETECTOR TESTS. DONT YOU THINK IF HE KILLED YOUR GRANDSON THE STATE WOULD HAVE TAKEN ACTION. HAS IT EVER ACCURED TO YOU THAT YOU ARE JUST A MAN WHO CANT EXCEPT REALITY AND JUST NEEDS A PERSON TO BLAME. NO ACTION HAS BEEN TAKEN ON YOUR ACUSATIONS BECAUSE THEY ARE ALL FALSE.  I WOULD BE VERY CAREFUL IF I WERE ON WHAT YOU CHOSE  TO POST ABOUT PEOPLE. YOU MIGHT END UP WITH A LAWSUIT FOR SLANDER.Froggy2132 years ago Hey jerk---the prosecutor's investigator wants to talk with you. They now have your I.P. address.As for me proving anything-that isn't my job.Since you bought your computer through Wildblue, I am sure that law enforcement will be at your door soon.If you want to try to sue me---STEP UPI think you should be the one who should be careful--you just slandered my daughter.If it wasn't murder--why is the case still open???One of these days all the truth will come out--David had that boy in the shower--what other sick things did he do???You can believe all you want about David and what he tells you on the phone--he is a liar-he is going to hell and you are probably on the road there too.phatface2 years ago Dear Person with the facts (but no brain or heart),I hope that you are doing your part in helping justice for Jonathan become a reality. If standing behind a criminal loser is more important to you, then i hope your ignorance and big mouth end up getting you in a courtroom under oath.That is all i have to say.Sincerely,phatSorry u feel the way you do2 years ago I just want to state that I am a christian, raised in my faith. My heart belongs to jesus. That keeps me out of hell. I am also a mother. How many  parents with young children have put there kids in the bathroom or shower with them when they take a shower? I know i have. That dose not seem to be a wrong or sick thing to do.  Mr. Olson loved that child as his own.  I am sorry that you cant except that fact. I hve not one time stated anything I have not seen with my eyes I am not going to dipute any of this with you. I just wanted to point out to other people who read page that this is the story from ONE mans perspective. I just dont feel it is right to bash Mr. Olson and pin point him as a killer when the death of Jonathan was an accident. Again I am sorry for your loss. I pray that one day you are able to have peace about it.Froggy2132 years ago If you supposedly know so much, you need to come forward to Angie Hemphill Wright--as for your faith,that is between you and God. As for David--NO he did not love Jonathan as his own--he wouldn't have done some of the past things he did if he did love Jonathan.I know a heck of a lot more on this than you do--I am sure of that!!---What you are getting is probably straight from that liar's mouth.There is no possible way that after Jonathan's death that Amy was going to rent something with David--She was living with us!Again I say -- If you have some info contact Angie Hemphill Wright's office.Answer me this,If it was supposedly an accident, why is the case still open??Answer me this,why did the pathologist change the death to homocide??You know so much--answer those questions!!!!Also you should NEVER put small children in a shower!!!That is what they make baby tubs for!!!proof2 years ago Yes she did rent an apratment with him in Buffalo at the Family Inn Motel and Apartment. She had apartment number 7 with David Olson. The lease was in her name. If she felt he killed her son why did she rent a apartment with him. She paid a deposit and everything. It was this time last year. Yes she was living with you but she wanted to get out. You can check on it if you feel the need to. Point is SHE broke the protection order when she did that.  If it was changed to homicide why has he not been charged?Froggy2132 years ago You are full of shit!! She was damn near in labor this time last year. Again I will say -You are full of shit---Oh--He will be charged--just racking up the evidence--tight and squeeky clean,so the death penalty will be in affect!!!You know so much--do you?? Have you spoke with our prosecuting attorney?Also what protection order??? He was the one stalking her, she had a order against him,not he against her.By the way,,tracking your I.P. address also.Windstream communications---AllTell huh??? I will take all that down to their office tommorrow too.is is a threat?2 years ago hate to tell u but she had Eli nov 2nd so no she was not near labor, abd she did rent an apartment , check on it ur self ... track whatever you want i have done nothing wrong. She went to Buffalo several times to be with him. And they were togeather several times in lebanon as well. my point was if she felt he had done something wrong why was she still trying to be with him....Nanapower2 years ago is is a threat, Why are you doing this to Froggy and his family? You sound like you need some help maybe alittle jail time  would be good for you.Froggy2132 years ago Thanks Nanapower--I think this idiot will see a jail cell in time too.Hey idiot; you know so much call Charley Taylor with the Laclede county prosecutor's office.She was not in or around Buffalo. She worked, and came home--I know.You want real credibility? Give us all your real name.Froggy2132 years ago I mean't Charlie Turner.Also one of you jerks asked when the last time I was "busted" for drugs. I will answer that. My last conviction for drugs was in 1981.Kim2 years ago This is obviously his girlfriend. She said that she is a mother, well if I were her I wouldn't let him around my child. Honestly why would you let someone come around your child if they did this to someone elses child. Look at all the lies that he has told, all the different stories. Even in his interview you could tell he was lying....AEvans2 years ago Froggy213, He should be charged as how horrifc for a child to die and to be torched is heinous!! For God's sake he was a baby, and children cry when they are scared, hungry, not feeling well etc. Missouri should do something as he should do time for his crime. I believe he murdered him as a parent , if your young child is in the shower or bath you certainly keep your eye on them. God will punish him for what he has done, but he certainly should not be walking around free!!! If he were in ARIZONA he woudl be behind bars. Call JOE ARPAIO in Phoenix Arizona and see what they can do to light the fire under your state. I just moved from there and he always seems to cross the line to help others and give direction it never hurts. I will continue to pray that he is brought to justice.As for persons with the facts, Anyone can pass a lie detector test read and watch it has been noted on many high rated talk shows and on news stations, he only has to know how to remain calm and psych himself out. He does not need be around children as God knows his fate.Is is a threat? , You need to grow up get the facts and then make the comments do you not see that Froggy213 is grieving , do you not have any conscious? I will pray for you too as apparently you are not educated enough to understand.  hermit2 years ago I worked with Froggy's daughter  few years back and let me tell you I never knew her to do meth.  She also would never strike her child. Nobody is perfect but the things this "insightful person" is saying about Amy are not true.  Amy is a good girl AND she wasnt raised to strike her child. So insightful person-- you are a LIAR!hermit2 years ago Oh yeah by the way-David, your punishment is coming. It may not be on this earth, but God has something planned for you in the future. BURN IN HELL!wordscribe4117 months ago Oh, I am so very, very sorry.  What a sad and awful story.  I hope this monster gets all he deserves, I truly do.  My hat's off to you for not giving up and letting this go.  I wouldn't be able to do so myself.  I have 3 young children myself.  I hope justice is served.  I'm so sorry for your tragic loss.Froggy21317 months ago Thank you wordscribe--its been over 2 years now and still nothing, but I will never let it go---Thank youjesusmyjoy17 months ago God knows everything, and justice will be served.Did they do a autopsy on your grandson?Froggy21317 months ago Yes they did and it is listed as homicide by the coroner, but still with no prosecution.You are right though, God will!!Waren E16 months ago Leave it in the hands of our heavenly Father and justice will prevail,put all feelings of helplessness and injustice before Him,and remember Jonathan is resting in peace,which is far better than what's in store for David here on earth now,and perhaps even after,all in all seek the Lord for justice more than people,He's always right!broussardleslie15 months ago I cannot believe the stupidity of some people, and the nerve of others...Froggy, my prayers are with you.  If I were in any position to help, I certainly would.  It is a tragedy any time a child dies, but to have the death all but ignored is beyond words.Godspeed,Lesliejjarman12 months ago I feel your pain Brother. Have no doubt that God will take care of them both. He has a special place in his heart for children and especially their killers. If I can be of any assistance please let me know after all I was a deputy sheriff at one time and have had similar tragedies in my life. If nothing more I can at least understand your pain and frustrations.Take care,James R. Jarmanjjarman12 months ago Oh and Froggy213...I saw that you have been reading "How To Survive Prison" Do not even think about it brother. That will not solve anything and it will not make you feel better, this I guarantee. Follow your path and you will see the reason for such things it just may take quite a while.Read http://hubpages.com/hub/Hard-Ball-Death-as-a-Deter while your at it. That is the killer of my children.JamesTrixieGator9 months ago i read this out of order~ i will be skipping the comments from now on..they are just too sad~ if you truly believe that your grandson was murdered by this person ..never stop until hes found out..it always amazes me when tragedy happens to a family how people will bring out everything in the past of all involved losing sight of what the real issue is..this poor little boy is dead..and his killer free~Froggy2139 months ago Thank You Trixie--I just read all of the comments again myself.I am crying but I feel a fire brewing under me again to fight harder--Thank you my friend.My Opinion5 months ago You can see the evil in this scum's eyes.  Wow, what a coward.  Just tell the family what happened and give them closure.  You are the only person who can tell what happened that day in that Hotel Room.  And who runs out of a courthouse?  Sounds like this person likes to commit crimes and then acts like a cry baby....booo hoooo suck it up and pay the piper.  WHAT A COWARD, CHICKEN, WASTE OF SPACE...I knew Jonathans grandpa (froggy)years ago, we were family at one time.  I know what froggy has done, I know when froggy had messed around with drugs, I can assure you it is when he was very, very, young.  I remember Amy as a young girl only, so I can't tell you if she does or not, but... I believe her father.  My son is four years old.  He is a boy, he plays HARD...He has NEVER had a broken leg, he has fallen and never had a HUGE DEEP CUT ON HIS FACE, he has fallen on his bike and had a bruise on his leg or elbow but find it hard to believe a bike fall would bruise a face.. WEIRD...To many bad things.  I bet this poor baby is now at piece...In Heaven.  Im sorry this happened to you Jonathan.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites95Froggy213From St Louis Area678 Followers305 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by Froggy213Contact Froggy213Follow Froggy213Subscribe to Froggy213's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Froggy213 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsIs family violence increasing, eg child abuse, child molesting, in-family murders, or are we...asked by JeanMeriam 11 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionDo you think that infant male circumcision is a type of child abuse?asked by london_guide 23 months ago6 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsScum of the Week ~*June 14*~ Kayla Neighborsby FrankiesGirl6YrFroggy's World Part Threeby Froggy213No Justice For Jonathan-The Bitter Endingby Froggy213An Over Looked Type Of Child Abuseby Froggy213Be Aware of Child Abuseby Froggy213What Facts About Child Abuse You Should Knowby Chin chin Child Abuse ForumTopicRepliesTeapots: What are you buying?posted by chocopie841Details to Consider when Buying Tea Cups and Saucersposted by chocopie840Keeping Showers Safe for Childrenposted by chocopie841Post a new topic1 more topic Tagsfamily god politics writing water blog Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.989 sec)  working