Rape Congratulations Cards being sold on Etsy // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 212Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 72Corporations or politicians hurting America? 12The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 05, 2011| 52 commentsRape Congratulations Cards being sold on Etsysource: http://womensrights.change.org/petitions/view/tell_etsy_to_remove_rape_congratulations_cards...An error occurred while setting up video display.BleachCore_912 added this"Congratulations. You Got Bad Touched."That's the message printed on cards for sale on Etsy, an online marketplace for handmade and vintage items. The cards currently sell for $2.50 each and are made by a person using the name "youstupibitch." I kid you not.So, what exactly are you getting for your two and a half dollars? An offensive card featuring a drawing of a naked sexual assault victim curled up on the floor of a shower stall, "printed on heavy duty white cardstock" complete with "red accents and matching envelope." Etsy's official policy is to take no responsibility for the products sold on its site. Etsy's official Terms of Use state that it  "has no control over the quality, safety, morality or legality of any aspect of the items listed." However, in the list of prohibited items, Etsy says that it does not allow items that harass others or that are deemed obscene.UPDATE: The same user on Etsy also sells cards that "congratulate" breast cancer patients and  mock mothers of special needs children.[Source: http://womensrights.change.org/petitions/view/tell_etsy_to_remove_rape_congratul...]If you would like to sign the petition asking Etsy to not allow these cards to be sold on their website, you can visit the link belowhttp://womensrights.change.org/petitions/view/tell_etsy_to_remove_rape_congratul... groups:News, Actual News tags:Women's Rights,Petition,Etsy,Rape Victims |52 comments// Rape Congratulations Cards being sold on Etsyhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0hellocat2Looks like the card maker is advertising his site below.  Derrick Ito writes about to CNN on his Google profile.  http://www.google.com/profiles/110151629553736753594is also listed on facebook. but it may not be his real name. 1 day agoflag  reply+1derrickitothis kind of outrages me. my mom died of cancer a couple years ago. i can't believe etsy won't take it downdid some research and it turns out that they sell these and other more HIGHLY offensive cards at http://www.youstupidbitch.comfurious 3 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  derrickito:Thats it post a link to other garbage Thanks :) 3 days agoflag  reply+9BleachCore_912Fortunately, America DOES have the right to Freedom of speech. UNfortunately, certain persons see this as an opportunity to do and say obscene things for the SAKE of being obscene (shock value) and are able to take gross advantage of our First AmendmentHOWEVER, as DISMAYING as this may be to me,I'm not asking ANYBODY to take ANYONE'S rights away.I'm simply sharing the information of some jerk-off who decided to make and sell congratulatory rape cards, and ASKING (yes, asking) others NOT to support it. In conclusion, if you do NOT support congratulatory rape cards (among others) being sold on Etsy, sign the petition IF YOU'D LIKE.As Americans WE ALSO have the right to petition.BOOM, I'm done. 3 days agoflag  reply+2bertkamp  BleachCore_912:You could not be more right. All we need to do is ignore and boycott. Whoever is behind this will have their cheap laugh. Probably make a few hundred dollars off other jerks who think its funny. And that will be the end of it.Until he/she comes out with "Congratulations on your Abortion", and the whole mess will start again. 3 days agoflag  reply0BleachCore_912  bertkamp:"Until he/she comes out with "Congratulations on your Abortion", and the whole mess will start again."It's sad that it's such a large possibility this has already happened or will happen.However, it's not my intention to create further conflict, only spread awareness and allow  others to decided whether or not they would like to take action. That's the beauty of life, free-will. And that's the beauty of America, freedom of speech AND freedom to petition. 3 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  BleachCore_912:The "Congratulations on your Abortion", Cards have been around longer than the internet. 3 days agoflag  reply0BrasilianRain  BleachCore_912:Well said! 3 days agoflag  reply+5EmperorThanWho cares. It's a free country. The best thing to do is ignore people you disagree with, because if you draw attention to them that's exactly what they want. 3 days agoflag  reply-1Dmerza1989I think there are better things than protesting a somewhat comical offensive greeting card. Hey but if your a sad sap who has nothing better to do than point out political correctness than you and that stick jammed up your ass have an amazing waste of time. 3 days agoflag  reply0BleachCore_912  Dmerza1989:Yeah, and I think there are better things to do than poke fun at rape vicitms. Guess we have a difference in opinion.Well worth my time, thanks for you input. 3 days agoflag  reply0brianrebelyou cannot take an artist's rights away.... period. 3 days agoflag  reply+1BleachCore_912  brianrebel:I agree, completely.Those are not my intentions. 3 days agoflag  reply+1bertkamp  brianrebel:I agree that you cannot silence people. But art have nothing to so with this. 3 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  brianrebel:Now define Art.. 3 days agoflag  reply+1Deadtheist  brianrebel:Agreed, however whether this person is truly an artist or just a dick selling crass and rudimentary cards is debatable. He has the right to say what he would like and sell the cards, but it still doesn't excuse him for being a complete ass. 3 days agoflag  reply+2Radical_CentristI find the cards to be in bad taste and COMPLETELY offensive, but in America we have a right to have bad taste and be offensive. 3 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  Radical_Centrist:till the Goverment dissagrees with it. Then they find you in a landfill with one shoe on 3 days agoflag  reply0Jake_LeonardI hear a lot of people in here complaining of the humorous exploitation of tragic situations found in these cards. But our society implores violence on a daily basis through entertainment--yet that is seemingly acceptable. Schools promote (through negligence) bullying and finding fault in friends or their family in order to achieve a certain standard of personal ego in one's self. It's as if we are raised to laugh at other people's misfortunes; a competitive tactic.When rape is found in a movie, it's art. On a greeting card, the person should be taken to prison, banned, or outcast. Now, to actually send one of these cards to such a victim would be completely uncalled for. Making the cards, themselves, well they may actually be providing the opposite effect that you may expect--awareness and action--driven by your contempt. Those that would buy such cards are already lost and need some help. 4 days agoflag  reply0BleachCore_912  Jake_Leonard:Indeed, society DOES implore violence "on a daily basis through entertainment", but this doesn't make it right nor does it justify the insensitive nature of these cards.You said, "Making the cards, themselves, well they may actually be providing the opposite effect that you may expect--awareness and action--driven by your contempt."Surely, there is another way, to provide awareness and action--A more efficient and tolerant way, at that.Why step on toes to get what you want, when you can reach out your hand instead?And anybody who believes I'm being overly-sensitive with this issue has most likely never been sexually assaulted, a cancer patient or the parent of a special needs child (among other cards that have been made by the user "youstupibitch"). Correct me if I'm wrong. 3 days agoflag  reply0Jake_Leonard  BleachCore_912:It doesn't make it right, no, but I was merely remarking on our hypocrtical nature. We'll go watch Pulp Fiction, Lord of the Rings, or some other film that glamorizes violence or war, but we DO deem that okay. Contrary to what you say, it is considered okay, and "right." I am not condoning the abolition of violent entertainment, but how would these cards be any different, a perhaps sickening nonetheless form of entertainment for a certain audience?True, I have not been sexually assaulted, nor have I ever been a cancer patient (though I am deemed at higher risk due to surgery), and my parents were fortunate enough to not have any special-needs children. This, too, is irrelevant regarding the cards; ad misericordiam.If we are deeming the appropriateness of the card, then humor is merely in the eye of the beholder--and by no means can one project what they find funny (as a joke) and not funny onto others, as found within here. Entitled to your opinions, as you may be, everyone else is to theirs as well.If we are deeming whether this should be allowed, I wholeheartedly think they have every right to make these cards, as I am against any form of censorship. I just won't buy them, and that settles it for me. For someone to send me such a card if I were in any of those situations, I would either let it pass over, ignoring the fools and questioning how I know them, or laugh (based on the context).There are those who may accept it as a joke. One example would be the "down syndrome girl" from the controversial Family Guy episode who actually voiced her own character. After being jokingly portrayed in the show, she made a public statement saying that people need to be able to take a joke.I do agree, though, there would be better means of raising awareness--I was just looking at the matter optimistically. 3 days agoflag  reply0BleachCore_912  Jake_Leonard:"Entitled to your opinions, as you may be, everyone else is to theirs as well."Touch. Well said and thank you (no sarcasm intended.) 3 days agoflag  reply0Jake_Leonard  BleachCore_912:No, thank you for the mature conversation. It's refreshing to have a discussion rather than an argument. 3 days agoflag  reply0BleachCore_912  Jake_Leonard:Agreed. 3 days agoflag  reply+1sarasarasaraEW.Not only to the insensitive person who came up with and made these ridiculously unfunny cards, but also to everyone on here who seems to be okay with it - or even laugh along.You, as well as this moron, are pathetic. 4 days agoflag  reply0KSirysIt's truly sad that people can still do crap like this and sites not take accountability for allowing this.  This site needs to be fined for allowing this! 4 days agoflag  reply+3afloyd60  KSirys:fined for what?  by who?all this is, is some moron with a horrible sense of humor.  if you don't like the cards don't buy them.  let the free market get rid of this guy.  if the site wants to allow crap like this, it's their decision.  maybe you could sign the petition and maybe etsy will take this stuff down.  otherwise, it's still america, and etsy and this moron still have the right to unpopular speech.  "I would rather be exposed to the inconveniences attending too much liberty than to those attending too small a degree of it." 4 days agoflag  reply0Jake_Leonard  afloyd60:Well said. A lot of people were saying the same thing with Wikileaks--Amazon and Paypal etc. were just "taking accountability"--it's just seen different when your opinion coincides with what you believe is right. Like the pedophile book on Amazon, any censorship is bad. When you censor, you discriminate, and when you discriminate, you oppress and create unforeseen consequences. 3 days agoflag  reply0Ricky84Wow a lot of people are getting trolled hard by this story. 4 days agoflag  reply+2artemis6Just wonderin' -  Do people actually BUY these ? 4 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  artemis6:With out a market there is no supply 3 days agoflag  reply0artemis6  bailey78:That is what is scary . 3 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  artemis6:word ! 3 days agoflag  reply+3ColossalViewIt is always unfortunate when such idiots stoop that low, and to sell such items that do harass others. I like Etsy, and I am definitely signing the petition. 4 days agoflag  reply+9CalgarCetsy is cool. but the douche who made those cards must be banned immediately :D 4 days agoflag  reply+8unimatrix0The cards are disgusting, those that find humor in rape, in the real suffering of others, only reveal the poverty of their own character, as well as a deeply disturbing insensitivity that reflects sociopathic tendencies. 4 days agoflag  reply+1BleachCore_912  unimatrix0:Very well said, kudos. 4 days agoflag  reply-2mitekillem  unimatrix0:It's not real. It's on a card. The image on the card is not of a living, identifiable human being. You are confusing fantasy with reality. I find that my ability to laugh, doesn't effect my ability to empathize with real issues involving real people or their problems.Medical studies show that there are greater benefits to laughter, as opposed to living with a stick in your rectum. What you call insensitivity, I see as a measure of mankind's resilience in dealing with the complexity of misfortunes and hardships. Laughter is an essential tool in coping, and dealing with important issues. I worry more about those who fail to have that release, and much worse, a failure in recognizing the differences between fantasy and reality. Do you also find yourself sympathizing with episodes of Tom and Jerry, when Jerry would taunt Tom, only to crush him in the end? 3 days agoflag  reply+2unimatrix0  mitekillem:Comparing victims of rape to a Tom and Jerry cartoon is asinine, and reveals a staggering immaturity.I do hope that you or someone you love is never raped. Clearly you are unfamiliar with the pain and tragedy associated with rape, otherwise you would not be so insensitive and caviler with your defense of "humor."While you can try to justify your insensitivity anyway you want, that does not change the fact that you are indeed, insensitive. And this is nothing to be proud of. I wish you good luck in your struggle for moral development. 3 days agoflag  reply+6BleachCore_912Interesting responses...somehow I guess I just don't understand the humor or everyday entertainment in poking fun at rape victims...or breast cancer patients...or children...better yet children with special needs....Hmm, perhaps my humor is a little on the dry side!....or maybe I just don't take joy in other peoples misfortune, but hey I guess being raped or diagnosed with cancer IS pretty funny 4 days agoflag  reply-2mitekillem  BleachCore_912:Yeah but there's something about "Congratulations, you have breast cancer" that just catches you by surprise. You're natural instinct is to laugh. Ergo, it's funny. The only thing that is not funny, is people who fail to see the distinction between fantasy and reality. Fantasy - these are greeting cards filled with situations that may happen in real life, but there are currently no actual greeting cards for. The paradox of congratulating someone on a tragic event is somewhat humorous. Reality - someone you know has cancer and they are going to die. Definitely not funny. Laughter is one of many ways of dealing with stress, or serious issues which create stress. It's sometimes the psyche's way of dealing with overwhelming information. Sometimes the emotional response is so overwhelming, that laughter is the response chosen. There's an adolescent quality to it, and it's hard to describe. For example: "Congratulations, you've been raped" = not funny.Now add put kid-gloves on it and it becomes, "Congratulations, you've been bad touched." = Slightly funny. i.e. If there was a card that read, "Guess what, you're best friend doesn't have Erectile Dysfunction. Happy Valentines Day" Or maybe a card with a cute little hermit crab on it saying, "I didn't know what you wanted so I got you crabs, Happy Valentines Day." -Both of these things are just wrong...but that is what makes them so much fun. The thing is these scenarios, how ever factually based, are not in reality. There is no real person attached to the card. It is only if you give the card to someone that you attach it to an actual person. -Then, it's just plain fucked up. But the cards themselves, are exactly the same as comic strips. One funny part, is that you could actually buy a card and give it to someone. -There again, playing on fantasy, by toying with the idea of making it a reality. 3 days agoflag  reply0BleachCore_912  mitekillem:"The paradox of congratulating someone on a tragic event is somewhat humorous."If I am confusing fantasy with reality, then you my friend seem to be confusing irony with humor.Irony: Sending a Congratulatory Rape card to your friend, when in fact, they have not been raped.Humor: Jerry smacking Tom with a frying pan. (Fantasy, yes? Never have I once witnessed a mouse assault a cat with a kitchen utensil). However, mocking rape victims has never been my idea of "humor" per say...although we all have our own opinions.And as far as reality goes..."The image on the card is not of a living, identifiable human being. You are confusing fantasy with reality."Yes, the image in fact, is NOT of a living, identifiable human being...but when an actual rape victim DOES comes across this card, the imagery can bring about feelings and emotions that are VERY real indeed. 3 days agoflag  reply-5tverdellI think they will be needing shower rape cards for the Army soon.You should get one when you enlist.LOL 4 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  tverdell:Do you really think so? More so than now? 4 days agoflag  reply+7unimatrix0  tverdell:On another post you wrote:"The interesting point here is that from our keyboards we show who we really are. We are racist, homophobic, masogynist, hateful bastards.In person we all put on a nice face and say 'How do you do?'I wonder how many of the 'nice' people I meet day to day post hateful rhetoric on the Internet?" And here you are, displaying an ignorant homophobia, and a hateful rhetoric, in the form of a crude and insensitive "joke."  The irony is rich, don't you think? 4 days agoflag  reply-2tverdell  unimatrix0:I don't think anyone took offense.I don't think of it as hateful rhetoric. I'm not on a sandbox spewing hate.Just making fun of the idea of giving rape victims cards.Look at my avatar. I am making fun of a rape case with that also. I would also laugh out loud to my friends about these 'cards' and about the rape case in my avatar.I am not hiding behind my keyboard. 4 days agoflag  reply-2tverdell  bailey78:I don't know the answer to that.But now at least they will have cards.Isn't that the point of the service, to provide cards for rape victims. 4 days agoflag  reply-2Itsbatman_Durrtotally offensive, but i giggled. not at someone getting raped, just at the card. so yeah free speech, humor, etc 4 days agoflag  reply-4littlwarriorWell thats messed up, I might buy one just to have it though. 4 days agoflag  reply+1mitekillemActually, I've been looking for MORE cards like these. 4 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  mitekillem:Got one for crank? 4 days agoflag  reply0Deadtheist  mitekillem:I feel awful for giggling at that one. On the other side, it makes me want to watch "Requiem For A Dream" again. 3 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Too much fluoride in water! see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!It's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  10 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  18 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  27 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 WhiteNoise commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoTHANKS FOR THE FLOWERS, NOW FOR THE POT ;)http://whitenoiserants.webnode.com/news/media-induced-reality-/  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog