An Honest Death Penalty ConversationHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesCrime and Law EnforcementTrue CrimesAn Honest Death Penalty ConversationAn Honest Death Penalty Conversation57rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Jason R. Manning MansonGacyBundyI decided to write this piece after reading a well written hub, be it one I believe to be misguided, posted by tonymac04; please read http://hubpages.com/hub/Revenge-Reason-and-the-Death-Penalty In advance you should know this isnt going to be a short post, this subject is much too important to society to casually give it a nod or disapproving glance.Essentially the anti-death penalty advocates argue over value of all life, evolution of reasoning, and against the purported spiral of violence. They state pro-death penalty citizens are not solving any problems associated with murderers, we are enabling revenge, and the end result still does not deter violent crime.I make no overtures to bridging any differences between these two camps. For all practical purposes of agreeing on one thing, Justice has a separate meaning, defined differently and administered disproportionately as by our value system. I am sure to come off as abrasive and dispassionate against those who wish to abolish capital punishment globally. My tone is stern and maybe even a little condescending, but I guarantee you it is nothing as compared to differing professors critiques. Shall we begin?I wish to invite the audience of anti-capital punishment advocates to paint for me a virtual world where your form of Justice is administered with alacrity and high minded reason. Show me how you take an unabashed murderer out of your society and apply to him your human value while equally meeting the need of a consoling family. Oh yeah, you do not get to start your utopian society from scratch, nor can you use AmherstNY, Mission ViejoCA or NewtonMA. Try something a little more real like Detroit, San Francisco or CamdenNJ. Even better, below is a link to a recent triple homicide in New Haven. Please read it and then tell me about your justice.http://www.foxnews.com/us/2010/09/14/conn-doctor-takes-witness-stand-murder-trial-wife-daughters/I am an imperfect being that is not without many a sin, and know that I have to answer to my maker for actions and lack of actions in my life. I have free will and therefore exercise it based on moral values, life experiences, and accumulated wisdom. My judgment of others actions is applied on a sliding scale from jubilant celebration to detestable contempt in need of intervention. Needless to say, my brand of justice is much swifter and less confused with right and wrong. Moreover, in my world, lines are not to be crossed or you will pay with your life.I will make this portion simple for defining my line; premeditated murder for want of any gain, youre dead. Manslaughter by DUI with any priors, you are dead. Murder by rape, or even violent rape with the victim still living, youre dead. Convicted pedophiles of any kind, I would execute you twice. Terroristscratch that, unsuccessful terrorist are dead in my world. I am sure those of you who deeply empathize with any of the above are already shaking your fists and staring at your life size poster of John Lennon trying to center your chi. As I stated, I am not trying to change your mind, and you are certainly not going to change mine. I merely covered off on the bulk of offences in which I merit the death penalty unblushingly. Now lets dive into the nitty gritty. Seldom, if at all do I see the argument for which Im about to make; because I believe in Christ our Lord, I do not feel compelled to defend the actions of any groups I mentioned above. Because I cannot judge what is in mens hearts, only their actions, I feel no responsibility for empathizing with a cold blooded killer. Since I believe in an after life, I lose no sleep in worrying about the death of a murderer; I am more concerned for the grieving family and safety of society. Gods justice in the afterlife is very different from ours, only he can right that wrong under his terms. In our time, you have limited choices so you should make the best of them, and not impede the life of others. Do not misquote that statement, once you are a murderer, you have no more choices, you decided to forfeit your rights in society and gave society the right to do with you as justice sees fit. I do not want to philosophize with the possibility that had Charlie Manson been hugged more, or had a greater sense of self-esteem he wouldnt have committed those heinous crimes. Or better yet, Charlie Manson sitting in some cell proselytizing to other valuable prisoners is proving our society more just and Mansons life righteous. Forgive me, what value is a rotting murderer adding to society? How would a still alive Ted Bundy enrich our environment and say to the world we Americans honor the life of homicidal maniacs, but not those of the meek and innocent? Can you logically answer that or is this another one of those self congratulatory feel good moments where sparing the life of someone who didnt murder your family is honorable? To those who do forgive their loved ones killer or rapist, I hold you in high regard; however, I am still going to remove that individual from the pool of life to protect the rest of societys hard working, law abiding citizens. There are some things that were enduring about the way old school justice was meted out. If you wronged a neighbor you had to do something in return to make it right. Today we have insurance policies. If you have a stolen item, it is returned or you are compensated. If you are involved in a not at fault auto accident, their insurance compensates you and tries to make you whole again. You can sue in court for wrong doing or libel. In the military there are stated grievances. But what sort of justice is given to the family of the murdered? What kind of assurance is available to the family of the slain? I will never understand why making sure the perpetrator can never do this again to anyone again, be it in prison or in society is such a foreign concept to those who claim to value life. To me, it says you value the life of the victim and victims family less than you do that of the convict. Since I know this is only the beginning of this dialogue, I will save some subjects for later. Be honest, tell me your justice, not that of any outside pressure left or right of the scales. Thank you.   Ted Bundy's many victims; May God keep you nearvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny Awesome Beautiful Always Relevant: Who Scarier; Islamists or Code Pink?Always Relevant: The Anti-Gamer; Just Say No To Video GamesCommentspcoach3 months ago I came across your hub via RightBlack's pages. I'm so glad I did. You know, I had exactly your point of view and to a great extent, I still do. BUT, and it's a big but but it is a but(!), what if they were innocent? I have spent my years believing that the death penalty is the best thing. But what happens when we are wrong? With the introduction of DNA and the exonoration of innocent people, I can't get behind the death penalty anymore UNLESS there is irrefutable proof.  I have spent my life working with lawyers and the courts, and it was only in the last 5 years that I finally had to admit to myself that UNLESS WE CAN BE POSITIVE, it is wrong to put someone to death only to be found 2, 5, 10, 20 years later that the court was wrong. The death of someone's innocent loved one is simply way too much to bare. I don't know the answer but I know we have to do something. I absolutely do believe in the death penalty, and I do not believe in murderers/rapists and such being held in prison indefinitely, on our dime no less, but the margin of error is simply not acceptable.Wonderful hub!Jason R. Manning3 months ago Hi pcoach,Thanks for the nice comments.  I understand that the irrefutable evidence trips up many individuals who would otherwise support capital punishment.  I was saving what Im about to say for a similar argument, but it applies here as well.This is a tough concept for most modern citizens to buy but I am guided by a simpler dictate.  We regularly send off innocent young men and women to combat for the sole purpose of winning an engagement or ending a regime.  We send these young adults knowing full well some are not going to return.  We regularly put to death honorable sons, daughters, wives, husbands and so on.  Now you are going to say that is differentI say it isntBoth are systems of defense.Our justice system is supposed to be a defense mechanism to protect the populace.  What is our military if not a wider more sophisticated branch designed to protect the populace?  Anti-death penalty advocates always play the one innocents death isnt worth a whole system of punishment.  If you really were to believe that then we might as well eliminate our entire armed forces, disband them and say thanks for your service, we do not believe in losing one of you excellent citizens for the better of society.  Are you following me now? In my world, I would be a hypocrite to throw away a justice system because one innocent died while we are trying to keep society safe, but in the next line send thousands of innocent, devoted patriots to their death abroad.Would you call all of those wonderfully potential lives lost at D-day a mistake?  They helped keep America safe.  I will go one further, someone in the wrong place, at the wrong time is going to get caught up in the system, they unfortunately died so that the rest of society can function and we do not tear down the walls of what has kept us sane so far.  If newer technology comes along to make this fool proof, then there should be more coming to my side of the argument.  Anti-death penalty advocates never cry to eliminate the justice system when a murderer goes free because they can buy the courtroom.  In my world he would be dead.Sorry for the really long reply, hope this helps you understand more of where I come from.  Must be an Arizona thingBryant E. Manning3 months ago Clark University Professor Michael Pakaluk "If no crime deserves the death penalty, then it is hard to see why it was fitting that Christ be put to death for our sins."pcoach3 months ago Jason: I was "once upon a time" one of those "innocent" people sent off to war. It was a conscious choice. I was not drafted though many I knew were. I volunteered. I was not scooped up off the street to be blamed for something I didn't do and then die for it. You are welcome to your opinion but in my considerable years, it should tell you something when I say that up until a few years ago, I DID believe in the death penalty and now I do not. It was Christ's conscious choice as well. I have a feeling if YOU were the person who was wrongfully convicted, you would be singing a different tune, and LOUDLY. And your family would be out in the public stirring up what I would hope would be holy hell. And let me tell you right up front, I put absolutely NO STOCK whatsoever in the words of college profs. Our colleges are spewing nothing but a bunch of liberal Idiots. You are among the few who are the exception in case you hadn't noticed. And you've seen what those college educations are doing for us right now on Capitol hill.I guess what I'm trying to say is do not group me among those bleeding hearts because I eat bleeding hearts for breakfast. I have no doubt that you and I share most views except this one and I will put my years of life and experience on the table to say more errors are made in courts than most anyone could possibly believe and for that reason alone, I no longer agree with the death penalty UNLESS THERE IS IRREFUTABLE PROOF!Jason R. Manning3 months ago Pcoach,I get what you are saying.  You might have misunderstood my innocent reference to our military men and women, thats my fault for not clarifying it with a pin point.  When I label our fighting men and women as innocent I am merely referencing that they were law abiding, good citizens who have taken up the patriotic cause, I did not mean to elude to any Leftist diatribe hurled at them as if they (and you) were mindless apes strapped to rockets unknowingly.  No Bambi reference in this fighthope I cleared up that little stinker.You may very well be right if I were the one looking out over the crowed as I am marched up the scaffold. I guess all I can say in this is I hope I wouldnt dishonor God and implode like a weak-kneed pacifist. (Ooh, I am going to ketch hell for that one)Question, being that you state the irrefutable evidence position again, can I assume that this suspect is still sitting on his duff, growing mold and draining resources until conclusive intent is found?By all means, keep challenging me pcoach, your wisdom might wear me down as the years pass.  Oryou and I are going to share a guillotine in the new one world order.pcoach3 months ago Well, let's hope we won't be sharing the guillotine! And you're right. You will catch hell for that one - weak-kneed pacifist.  You probably need to throw an "idiot" in there somewhere and then it would be just fine! Back to topic, prison is a joke. Cable TV, internet access, getting degrees, it's bullpuckey. Prison is supposed to be a place you don't want to go back to, not a flippin' spa. Prison in "my world" would have no ears for bleeding heart liberals who are worried about whether or not some murderer or rapist's rights were violated. I don't mean that we should be abusive (I'm using that word very very loosely), but prison should more closely resemble Leavenworth where it is truly hard time. Not this pussy crap our states call prison.Does that get you any closer to my end of this delightful topic!?  By the way, I voted you up and useful. Beautiful didn't seem appropriate!Bryant E. Manning3 months ago I think I see, Jason, you're saying that if attrition is an inevitable consequence for fighting for the cause of protection from outside enemies then why shouldn't it be acceptable for protection from inside enemies. And you're even saying that you would not cry out if you too, became one of the necessary collateral? That is dedication to a cause! The only problem I see with that is a government that actually formally and publicly 'assassinates' good Americans like you with the jury's blessing, and when it's discovered to be misleading evidence, the government can apologize and say well it was for the cause of a safe homefront. All the while you and your family honorably accepted it. Maybe that is an overactive imagination, I appreciate the reader's patience  in the face of my ignorance. If we can agree on anything, prison should be more stark and unforgiving.pcoach, I've heard similar things about college professors, I merely liked the truth backing the title, not the title backing the truth, and I try to give credit where it's due. Speaking of which thank you for serving our country.It's too bad that most of the youth is unconcerned like I am sometimes. We are the government, and that is a concept that is becoming distant and so I think the reality of it is becoming lost too.Isreal cleaned up their country fairly well, though extreme as it was. Their solution to "innocent" murderers was a city that they could flee to, but were not to exit until the relatives of that man died, because they could, and would, kill you on sight. Let's not forget the next life will be eternally better, or eternally worse, and God will rule out complete justice. Sin does not go unanswered for and so the only way we can be confident of heaven is to accept Someone's substitution for us. This acceptance brings a transformation of the heart that must be evident or it will not count. May god richly bless you both, brothers, thank you for sharing your thoughts.pcoach3 months ago Bryant: I am guessing you are a father or brother, some family member.  I do understand where you both are coming from, and appreciate the "vollies" back and forth, but we will agree to disagree on this topic. I know we will agree on many more.  Get writing!!!!Bryant E. Manning3 months ago I am proud to say that I am Jason Manning's younger brother. Alright, I might. Thank you for your encouragement.pcoach3 months ago Good luck to you both!mythbuster3 months ago Mr. Manning, if justice cannot be served - that is - if there's not penalty severe enough to compensate for the death of a loved one - then how can it be said that the death penalty is the proper punishment for those who have taken a life?Is it not better to try and seek a method which at least keeps criminals - murderers - from killing again? If so, why feed into the "emotional response" about certain criminal acts - why not life imprisonment, no chance of parole, rehabilitation ANYWAY within the prison and still no chance of parole - and once or IF rehabilitated, lifers must do a manual labour (instead of just sitting around in the prison "schedule") of some sort that contributes to society?I would rather see some sort of life-long compensation attempt that contributes to society in some way than death penalty - since the death of a criminal doesn't really compensate for the victim's death or loss to the family of the victim of murderers.Jason R. Manning3 months ago Hi Mythbuster,Thanks for stopping in to read my hub.To dive right into your argument about some sort of compensation or I would like to call atonement, if it would actually be acceptable to those in society who would complain of it resembling servitude, I would prefer this method.  I would welcome hardened convicts being forced to work at a field of expertise they were good at in order to pay for their own up keep, and serve some good to society while never having the chance to touch freedom again.  I am open to changing my stance on this path alone.I am still unsure how I feel about violent murdering rapists though.  The highly intelligent sociopaths could still create a happy place within their psyche, thus mentally defeating the system.  Breathing is too good for that one group.  I would offer a change of mind if you could guarantee the former.Pcoach; sorry man, I like where you were going with your line of thought, but I know it would never happen either, the shortest distance between two eyes is a bullet.mythbuster3 months ago Mr. Manning, if your point about "Breathing is too good, etc" is about serving you and your emotional tendencies toward vengeance, then how does the same actually serve society, the family of the victims? Unless you have personally been in the immediate family that has been victimized and gain your strong emotional response from being one of the victimized, how does your viewpoint serve society and the victimized family...based on YOUR anger and fear?Are you aware that many of the family members of a murdered person have attended executions of the murderer - only to report that the satisfaction regarding the death of the murder was extremely short-lived and later on, these same family members felt that the execution didn't solve any problem at all? Many people in these situations actually experience grief, guilt and shame after the death of the executed criminal - on top of the loss of the loved one.Jason R. Manning3 months ago Hi Mythbuster, I do not deviate from my earlier comments, I said them and I meant them.  A dead murderer can no longer harm the victims family or society.  An alive murder can create disciples and in the sickest of cases, groupies.  As far as fear goes, I am not sure what context you are applying that to.  If you want to apply it in the sense of murderers having a chance to roam free because of a pathetic judicial system, one that allows weak minded review boards the opportunity to weep tears of sympathy for hardened murderers tough up bringing, then yes I am fearful in that respect.As far as personal family situations parallel to this, they are not open to debate or discussion.  I will be waiting for Gods justice.Are you telling me that you pay no attention to recidivism rates?  Do you know how many child molesters get out on good behavior only to strike again?  Is this an okay part of the process for you?  So what if there are more victims by the same criminal, but lets not ever put them to death, right?  I hope not Sorry Mythbuster, I am not going to budge, I was explicit in my opinion on what I consider justice for particular groups of humanity.  You were close to getting me to compromise in one area, but you quickly retracted that from me, deciding to go back to what my opinion is, versus finding common ground.  I can meet you in the middle if it makes sense, but that does not change my emotional appeal or feelings toward this subject.  You are fishing for something that does not exist in my lexicon; sympathy for hardcore criminals.  I am okay if you believe I am a whack job who is no better than the criminal; but I guarantee you would rather have me as a neighbor versus them.Thank you for keeping the conversation going.angela_michelle3 months ago I think the only one I don't feel warrants the death penalty is the DUI even with a prior. My reasoning is, they are not malicious, they are not trying to do harm, they are just very very sick or very very dumb! I mostly agree with you though.Jason R. Manning3 months ago Hi A_M, thank you for taking the time to read this.  Many feel the same way you do about manslaughter caused by DUI.  While sickness is a serious issue, being dumb cannot be an excuse for manslaughter.  There are still decisions involved long before alcohol touches ones lips.  Recently we lost a young police officer here in Phoenix to a drunk illegal who was so intoxicated, he stumbled out of his vehicle to urinate on the pavement while the office lay bleeding to death in the street.  I do not wish to sound so hard on you, but how exactly would you explain to the young widow and parents of this officer it was only a dumb accident?  I would send this criminal to meet his maker on the fastest bus available.Thank you for your interest in this subject.mythbuster3 months ago Stopping repeat offenders doesn't happen by the few killers society and the law will kill by via executions, in my opinion. Keeping criminals behind bars and changing a ridiculous law about "good behavior" is probably the best way to ensure that fewer people are harmed by repeat offenders, as far as I can tell.In what way are you fit to be judging what happens with the life or death of others?Myself, I'm not fit to say that someone should die - for any reason - but I have no qualms about saying someone should be kept away from the public who is a violent offender.I think many executions are a justification for the public to vent and see someone die when the public is in a fearful, angry state.tonymac043 months ago Jason - this is a powerful rant. One with which I am in total and sad disagreement.You say you believe in Jesus and can't judge what is in men's hearts, only their actions. So I would ask you, how do you explain the anger and hate that you have expressed here, and square it with the words of the one whom you say you believe in, as found in Matthew 5: 21 and 22?I do agree that sending people off to war is morally very similar to the death penalty, and that is why I am a "weak-kneed pacifist" - though I think pacifism might take a lot more courage than going to war, if the truth be known! I am not a dogmatic pacifist. I think that there are times when the threat of violence might be necessary - perhaps Hitler could have been stopped if the Allies had taken a firmer stand sooner. But that is speculation.I am not in favour of abortion either, for the very same reason. Though this is not as clear-cut as some would have us believe. And I totally oppose the killing of those who perform abortions.To be pro-life is not a simple thing. It demands that we think very carefully about what life is and how to preserve and protect it.To take one life in order to protect other lives seems to me to be taking on too much responsibility. The one life is real, the other lives are speculation.So I come back to my central argument - that the only possible justification for the death penalty is revenge - and then we have to ask ourselves is revenge a noble and good motive?To take revenge is to entrench the cycle of violence - because each time I take revenge the other person (or their family) will want to take revenge on me - and so it will go on until someone has the courage, the sheer raw guts, to say "Enough!"So I say that the death penalty will always create more problems than it solves. Every murder creates victims. Every execution creates victims. Who is so pure, so without sin, as to be able to judge between the victims?Certainly I would not presume to do so.Thanks for continuing the debate that I started!Love and peaceTonyJason R. Manning3 months ago Hi Tony,Thanks for stopping by and contributing.  I do not want to sound out of step with your theology, but I was under the assumption from your hub I read, that you are not a follower of Christ.  In keeping with the notion that you do not follow Christ, nothing I say or you say about God is relevant to how you feel on this subject.  Are you not just trying to use my own religion to quiet my internal inferno for murderers?See, I believe in Gods grace, and Gods wrath.  God gave us his divine word through written scripture, written through earthly men.  These scriptures are sacred laws, covenants, and anecdotes.  My little brother was more intelligent than all of us when he brought up the fact the most innocent person on earth died by crucifixion.  The crucifixion of Christ was necessary for our sins to be purged, and obviously a statement that goes beyond words.  God didnt have to let this stand, but it was an ultimate lesson.Those of you who are disagreeing with me didnt read what I wrote carefully.  Tony, you pick up on it, but you still misinterpreted my words.  If I spit on you in public, that is an action that you are obligated to react to.  You would be reacting to an action but have no clue of the motives of the heart.  This is simplistic yes, but that is how simple I think this is.  God wiped out an entire population on earth with one exception, we all interpret justice differently.Let me ask you this, what would happen currently to an assassin of Royalty or Presidents?  Is this justice suited to the crime?Correct me if I am wrong about your theology Tony, I do not want to detract from the debate.  Thanks.Jason R. Manning3 months ago Hi Mythbuster,Like I stated in my hub, I am not without sin, never implied it, and would never be so foolish to.  Having said that, I would have no qualms about being the one to pull the lever on Saddam, Osama, Hitler, Stalin, Mao, Pol Pot, or any prolific serial killer.  Why would you want these guys alive?  They dont care about you, or are they going to grow a conscience.  If they cannot repent or feel sorrow, what then?  Help me out.mythbuster3 months ago Your arguments lead to fallacy, Mr. Manning. Appeal to emotion all over the place - these do not lead to proofs for your points or to evidence that your viewpoints are valid - they only rile people up who are afraid already. These sorts of arguments are extremely dangerous.Jason R. Manning3 months ago Hello Mythbuster,Sorry fella, once again you are ignoring my challenges.  I cannot debate vague rhetorical illusions of fear.  Secondly, you never once addressed my requesting you to explain how your ideal justice system works.  It is really simple, you have a triple homicide criminal in your possession, what do you do with him, how do you keep society safe, and how do you sustain overloaded jails?Thanks for keeping the conversation going.mythbuster not logged on3 months ago Mr. Manning I will get to the questions and comments you refer to as soon as I am properly back online with my regular computer.As for the question of the triple homicide and keeping society safe...wouldnt lifetime incarceration without parole keep the criminal from committing crime on the streets and in the general public communities... Overloaded jails ARE NOT a problem solved by executing criminals since there are far too many executions (thank goodness) happening now to make a dent in prison population numbers. If executions were to be effective they would have to be mass executions somewhat like the world witnessed via the Holocaust.Jason R. Manning3 months ago Hello Mythbuster, thanks for coming back.  You and I are circling around the same known outcome.  Your wish and difference with my logic is you cannot guarantee me or society that a homicidal maniac will never be let loose once incarcerated.  My suggestion unequivocally guarantees that no rational, law abiding citizen will ever come to harm by said homicidal maniac again.  On this premise you have no leg to stand on, and to rub salt in this wound I will invoke the beloved poster boy of Massachusetts justice; Willie Horton a convicted murderer in the first degree who struck again while let out on furlough.  Now Mr. Mythbuster, I am not so calloused as to imply you ever approve of a furlough program for convicted murderers and rapists, I will let you correct me if I am wrong.As for your second equivocation about putting death row inmates to actual death being akin to the Nazi created Holocaust, well, sir this is a shameful comparison and there isnt anything remotely comparable in this discussion between you and me.  10 million innocent Jews and Christians slaughtered never has a basis for likening the execution of murderers, you sadden me with this metaphor.mythbuster3 months ago Mr. Manning, I am sorry to have saddened you with a certain comparison. It was you who added the metaphorical reference. My mistake in not providing a clearer picture. I should have been more clear in that I was meaning a mass execution "in function and execution for getting rid of convicted murderers" and not in motives... ie: sheer numbers that would need to be efficiently executed according to your estimation of so many convicted killers needing to be kept away from society by a permanent, non-negotiable methods.Neverletitgo2 months ago This is a nice hub Jason. I agree with death penalty only if we are positive. I don't agree with if the person is just suspect with no proof.Jason R. Manning2 months ago Neverletitgo - Thank you sir, finally some one who sees a clear line in the sand and makes sense.  If we have doubt, we do not execute, if there is irrefutable evidence that said person committed the crime  hang them high for all to see.  I appreciate your clear condor and contribution.  I will be writing a different version of this hub in response to thin skinned moralists equivocating.Thank you, God Bless.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites87Jason R. ManningFrom Gold Canyon128 Followers24 HubsJoined 4 months agoRead more hubs by Jason R. ManningContact Jason R. ManningFollow Jason R. ManningSubscribe to Jason R. Manning's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Jason R. Manning a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsPros and Cons of the death penalty?asked by Leanne1783 3 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionDo you believe that death-penalty should be abolished worldwide?asked by Beata Stasak 13 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsFamous Serial Killersby crazyhorsesghostWhat is a Serial Killer?by Pennie PackardIs the death penalty state sanctioned murder?by christalluna1124John Wayne Gacyby crazyhorsesghostHow To Escape The Death Penalty In Texasby christalluna1124Death Penalty.  Reasons why the death penalty should be...by barryrutherford Crime and Law Enforcement ForumTopicRepliesWhy are police working for revenue and not stopping crimes?posted by L a d y f a c e8Would you be willing to share your knowledge of gangs?posted by blondey5I keep getting Unfunny Phone call,Should I take a legal action.posted by 123chri1233Post a new topic86 more topics Tagslife relationships children religion god politics Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.747 sec)  working