How to Protect Yourself from Being MuggedHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesCrime and Law EnforcementCrimeHow to Protect Yourself from Being MuggedHow to Protect Yourself from Being Mugged84rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Mike LickteigViolent crime is prevalentA mugger is someone who intends to rob you in a public place and may be prepared to use violence to do so. Also referred to as highway robbery, pick-pocketing or purse-snatching, mugging is an increasingly attractive crime because people carry a greater number of valuable items with them than ever before. Twenty years ago, a mugger might escape with your watch and wallet. In this age of technology, a criminal might also get a cell phone, a laptop computer and an IPod as well. Because these items can be quickly and easily resold, mugging remains prevalent in all parts of the United States. In any dangerous encounter, your safety must take precedence over any other concerns. Your well being is always more important than possessions. Each situation is unique and unpredictable, but you can minimize the likelihood of violence during an attempted theft through a few simple actions.Armed Robbery (Crime & Society)Amazon Price: $24.95List Price: $37.95What Were They Thinking #1 - Special EditionAmazon Price: $0.99Where the Money Is: True Tales from the Bank Robbery Capital of the WorldAmazon Price: $7.99List Price: $13.95Robbery  [ NON-USA FORMAT, PAL, Reg.2 Import - United Kingdom ]Amazon Price: $16.98Protect yourself from danger See all 8 photosHow to avoid staring down the barrel of a gunBe careful where you're walkingA wallet in your back pocket makes for a tempting targetTalking on your cell phone makes you appear distractedIf a robbery has occurred, call for helpSeek medical treatmentTalk about your feelingsHow to protect yourselfTravel in well-lit areas and minimize your travel time.  It is only common sense to realize the longer and further you travel, the more likely you will encounter a threatening person or situation.  Avoid short cuts but get where you are going, especially during evening hours.  According to Bureau of Justice statistics, most muggings occur between 6:00 PM and 12:00 AM.Avoid traveling alone after dark.  If you must travel alone, walk with a sense of purpose but dont hurryyou will appear frightened.  If an area makes you particularly uneasy, dont be afraid to act crazy.  Talk or sing in a loud voice or walk in the street instead of the sidewalk.  This will draw the attention of other pedestrians as you walk, making a discreet crime more difficult.  It may also convince an attacker that you are unpredictable and a poor target.Keep valuables out of sight.  Cell phones attached to a belt or a wallet bulging from your back pocket will only tempt thieves.  Men should carry valuables in a front pants pocket or jacket whenever possible.  Avoid using your cell phone or IPod while walking aboutit not only advertises that you have valuables to steal, but thieves perceive you as distracted and an easier target. Assume the mugger is armed.  Twenty percent of all violent crimes were committed by an armed offender, and seven percent carried a firearm.  Your assailant will give himself every advantage over you that he can.  If the thief is carrying a gun, assume it is loaded.  Never fight with your attacker.  Movies and television make it appear you can outfight an armed criminal, but you are no match for a knife or a gun.Look into the eyes of your attacker.  Dont give him a dirty or defiant lookjust make eye contact.  This simple action can potentially accomplish several things:  1.) It will establish a connection between you, making you a person and not just a victim.  This wont deter him from robbing you, but it might prevent a physical attack;  2.) His eyes will narrow or shift before he makes a sudden move, alerting you to his intent.Look for identifying features.  Note the approximate height, weight and age of the thief and specific identifying features.  The prevalence of body art makes it easier than ever to positively identify an attacker.  While noting general features, look for scars, tattoos, distinctive hair styles or piercings.  Pay attention to clothing, jewelry and headwear.  Stay calm and remain as impassive as possible.  Do not curse, make judgmental remarks, or say anything flippant.  You dont want the mugger to believe you are challenging or mocking him.  If he interprets your actions as threatening or condemnatory, he is more apt to respond with violence.   Give the mugger whatever he wants.  You might be allowed to keep something with sentimental value if you ask, but a thief is unlikely to be talked out of more than a single item.  Dont try to fool the mugger by carrying a second wallet that is empty.  You are more likely to make him angry than to deceive him.  Dont reach for your valuables without explaining what you plan to do.  A sudden or unexplained action might convince the mugger that youre reaching for a weapon.  Announce every action in advance and move slowly and deliberately. Ask what he wants you to do while he gets away.  He might tell you to lie down, stand still, or even drop your pants.  Do whatever he tells you, but continue to make eye contact if possible.  If you look down or away from the mugger, he might try to knock you out to ensure a safe getaway.  Continued eye contact will warn you of sudden actions on his part.What to do if a mugging has occurredGet to safety and report the crime to the police. Once you are in a safe place, immediately call 9-1-1. Note the direction the mugger fled and report all details to the best of your ability. The faster a crime is reported, the greater the odds of capturing a thief quickly. The longer a criminal remains at large, the more apt he is to perpetrate another crime.Report all stolen items as quickly as possible. Have credit cards canceled and report the loss of your cell phone to your provider. If your wallet and/or keys were taken, have the locks changed on your house or apartment immediately. Seek medical attention for injuries. If you have been injured, use an extra piece of clothing to apply pressure to a wound. If you have not been seriously hurt, dont assume you are okay. Doctors might uncover injuries through examination that you did not suspect. Documenting your injuries will also help establish a legal case against your assailant when he is captured.Acknowledge the emotional trauma. Being mugged is a traumatic event, and you will not easily dismiss feelings of shock, anger or fear. It is important to recognize your feelings as natural and a part of the process of healing from psychological wounds inflicted by this terrible event. Discuss your feelings with someone you trust and allow yourself time to work through them.Stay safeWithin the last year, over five million violent crimes occurred in the United States. Getting mugged is a real and personal threatnot just something that happens to other people. Most muggings are simple robberies, but the chance of being hurt or even killed always exists. No plan or strategy guarantees your safetyall you can do is remain cautious and take no unnecessary chances. The more careful you are, the safer you will be. Remain alert and stay safe.Read more hubs about social issuesVice Taxes: A Legitimate Means of Generating Revenue or a Curtailing of Freedoms?After July 1st 2010, the cost of tanning will include a 10% federal tax included in the health care reform bill. This idea is a variant of vice taxes, which have assessed a surcharge for decades on...Teen Runaways--A Dangerous and Tragic ProblemA frightening problem in American society today involves runaways. One in seven teenagers between the ages of 10 and 18 will run away from home this year, and it has been estimated that between one and three...Homeless Shelters: The Pertinent IssuesMy hometown is known for the quaint, eclectic shops that line the five blocks of its downtown business district. Fine dining, new and consignment clothing stores, antique malls, art and crafts...Are Men Oppressed?What is oppression? Oppression is defined as the exercise of authority or power in a cruel, unjust or burdensome manner. It is an abuse of power typically manifested by categorizing and dividing...Muggings in the NewsLoDo beatings report suppressed by judgeDenver Post3 days agoA grand jury investigating a series of racially motivated muggings in Lower Downtown and the conduct of a Denver police detective issued a report on the case but a Denver judge won't release it to the public.Judge blocks release of report on downtown Denver assaultsDenver Post2 days agoA Denver district judge won't allow the public to read a grand jury report on a series of racially motivated muggings downtown and the conduct of a Denver police detective accused of fabricating evidence.An integrated strategy for community safetyTimes of Malta5 days agoPersonal safety is paramount. It is therefore only natural that cases of muggings, such as that of the elderly lady from Sliema who was left for dead on the street clutching the handle of her stolen handbag, leave the elderly feeling vulnerable and scared.Man shot by WL police sentenced for robberyJournal & Courier39 hours agoA Lafayette man who was shot in the face last year by a police officer responding to an attempted armed robbery was sentenced this afternoon to 20 years in prison for that crime and two other muggings.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (12)Funny Awesome Beautiful Commentsmyownworld8 months ago Amazing advice....so thank you for this. I was making mental notes throughout. Here in London, it's very common for people to walk back from work, and I often have to do so myself, so I've taken all your pointers on board, esp. about not talking on the cell phone and walking 'with a sense of purpose' instead of looking frightened (which I always do when alone in a street!). Hope this helps everyone stay safe... :)Jen's Solitude8 months ago Great advice for surviving this ordeal. Thanks for the reminder that lives are more important than possessions.Mike Lickteig8 months ago myownworld, thanks for reading.  I have read that London has issues with muggings because so many people walk, so hopefully you will always stay safe.  Cell phones are something muggers look for hoping the victim might be distracted, and I have learned to either put my phone away or be very brief.Hope you and everyone stays safe!MikeMike Lickteig8 months ago Jen, thanks for reading.  Lives are indeed more important than possessions--there isn't anything I own that I'm willing to die for!  Thanks again.MikeGhost Whisper 778 months ago I would have a very difficult time doing the things you suggested--though they are probably the smartest thing to do-for people who fear-I just won't do them. Nobody gets anything unless they say please! LOLI was thinking about the store mugger who threatened the attendant recently. She prayed out loud and the mugger actually prayed also--interesting.If someone aims a gun at me--I am fighting-I am not giving them anything but a fight--I am certainly not lying down so they can cold blooded shoot me--sorry aint happening. If someone tells ya to get in their car--don't do it-your a gonner. You are better off running. Even from muggers--because they are less apt to pull the trigger on you-and getting attention by the loud BANG!Don't be loud? That is what they want--your quietness and compliance--SCREAM OUT LIKE HELL IS ON FIRE-most of the time they run--again, causing attention to them makes them run.These things is what most people on the bad side expect--that people will be scared for their lives and compliant--many people have layed down to be shot execution style. Ask the mugger what I should do to make it easier for them? Hahahaha nope. Can't do it. I will make it very difficult for them--not easy--only cowards would do this. Just who they prey on--people who cower--they fuel themselves on people such as this!Just as they say rapists--let them do the deed and don't fight--yeah, okay...sure--and when they are done,mostly they dispose of the evidence--you. If you don't fight--you dont dig into their DNA-pull their hair-scratch-punch-kick-you have nothing to identify them with-if they leave you alive--or they leave you dead-they get away with murder.Also looking directly into their faces-eyes-will surely get your butt killed-they don't want anyone identifying them. You have a better chance of survival not looking directly at them. They will kill you if they know you can identify them!I think that these things are sound advice to those who are afraid of their own shadow--and compliance will many times leave you dead. I will fight-fight-fight. Now if they are looking for money--I will hand them over the cash I have if they say please--but if a gun is in my face--they aint getting nothing but a fight! People who shove guns in people's faces--piss me off-and it is not a very polite thing to do in exchange for money!Paradise78 months ago Terrific hub, Mike.  I read it very carefully.  Thank you for all the good advice.JannyC8 months ago I wonder though will you remember all that stuff  when you get mugged? Still if you practice the prevention you can keep yourself safe. I used to have to walk home in the dark from work before I had a car. I acted like I was on the cell phone with a friend and I thought that kept me safe and kept people at bay. I think it did too.pmccray8 months ago Excellent excellent advice.  I'm a California in exsile.  While living in Los Angeles for 25 years of my life these were the survival skills we lived by.  In the area that I reside in now, there is much less crime, mostly vandalizum, but I've never forgotten my LA survival skills.  There is always the first time.  Bookmarked, shared and rated up!Mike Lickteig8 months ago Ghosty!  Thanks for your comments.  They certainly represent your courage, your will power and your spirit.The recommendations offered here are intended to minimize the threat of violence.  I would suggest that even if a mugger approaches with a knife or a gun, violence is not their main intent.  They are hoping the threat of violence is enough, and often the mugger is probably just as afraid as the victim of a circumstance escalating into a violent one.  Does that mean the victim can use this fear against their attacker?  Sure it does, but I would be reluctant to advocate it as a strategy to protect themselves.  (If the mugger intends to execute their victim--well, that's a different situation--there probably is nothing anyone could recommend, and it certainly becomes a matter of doing whatever one can.)  If anyone chooses to fight, they should fight with all their strength.  I would never call reluctance to challenge an armed opponent cowardice, however.  Most of us are not equipped to fight a guy with a gun or knife and win.Regarding eye contact:  A cop once told me a crook's eyes will reveal his intent.  I have personally been in this situation more than once, and I looked into the eyes of my attacker each time and they temporarily froze.  The mugger was unable to maintain eye contact, but I kept my eyes on his.  Even something as simple as extending their hand to reach for my wallet was preceded by shifting eyes or blinking.  If either of them intended violence, their eyes would have told me before it happened.Ghosty, your courage and resolve are indomitable. I would never bet against you in any confrontation--ever.MikeMike Lickteig8 months ago Paradise, thanks for reading.  I hope the advice is helpful to anyone placed in a dangerous situation.  Hope you had a good weekend.MikeMike Lickteig8 months ago Hi, Janny!  You raise some very good points.  I agree that you certainly won't go through a mental checklist with a gun or knife pointed at you.  I think most of the recommendations offered here are somewhat instinctive--we will do most of these things automatically, as a matter of self-preservation.The point about using your cell phone to look like you were in contact with someone can be a good strategy--I will guess that you did not look distracted while using the phone, which worked in your favor.  You likely appeared to be extremely alert and aware of your surroundings.  If you were distracted and walked about in an unaware manner, that would be what a mugger is looking for.Thanks for your comments.  I hope you have a car now and don't have to face those types of situations.Thanks again, Janny!  Hope you had a good weekend.MikeMike Lickteig8 months ago pmccray, thanks for your comments.  I have lots of friends in California and LA, and there are certainly areas where caution is required.  It's good to know that you survived well and are in a safer area now.  My hometown is pretty safe, but I am still always careful.Thanks again for your comments, and for the bookmark and share.  I appreciate it greatly.Mikefastfreta8 months ago These are some really good suggestions.  But there is one that I've never heard of and that's "Ask what he wants you to do while he gets away."  Really? You should do that?  I have to think about that one, anyway it is a really good hub.  I think that this is a hub that would benefit lots people, so I'm going to Stumble it.Mike Lickteig8 months ago fastfreta, thanks for reading.  The recommendation to ask what he wants you to do while he gets away came from an interview with a police officer, and I initially had the same reservations.  The intention is to be safer by letting the crook feel safer.  If the mugger believes you won't challenge his escape, the chance of avoiding violence improves.   Each situation is totally unique and if the very act of asking seems dangerous and contrary to the goal of escaping unharmed, then don't do it.  You have to go with your instincts.Thanks again for reading and stumbling, I appreciate it very much.MikeTessa8 months ago Great hub!Mike Lickteig8 months ago Tessa, thanks for reading and for the kind comments.MikeOneCuteCookie8 months ago I really enjoyed reading your hub,sometimes when your out my your self shopping you tend to forget all those things you wrote about,it's good for a person to read about things you can do to protect your self,Mostly women have been victims of violent crimes,due to all the things you wrote in your hub. Thank You for the reminder and an excellent hubMike Lickteig8 months ago OneCuteCookie, thanks for reading.  It is easy to forget what we need to do to protect ourselves--that's why lists and articles about it helps.  You're correct, women tend to be victims of violent crimes more than men, and it's good for all women to know what to do for protection.Thanks again for reading.MikeTruth From Truth8 months ago Great tips Mike, these could be helpful especially when people travel. I'm sorry I have not been around in a while I will try to catch up now.Mike Lickteig8 months ago Truth, great to hear from you!  I assumed you had been celebrating ever since Duke won the NCAA title a few weeks ago!  Thanks for your comments about my article, I hope it helps folks stay a little safer when they travel.Thanks again and welcome back, my friend!MikeLady_E8 months ago Hmmh Mike, did you used to work for NYPD?This is an important Hub, I have to admit I laughed at No 2 (singing loudly) but I got sober as I read the rest. It's true though - good tips.With money tight all round, mugging is on the increase. Thanks for a good "keep safe" Hub. :)Mike Lickteig8 months ago Hi Elena!  Nope, didn't work for NYPD (lol), but I once did loss prevention manuals for a company and frequently had the opportunity to confer with police officers about topics outside the realm of corporate assets.It is a dangerous age with so many people finding themselves in desperate financial situations, and it is best to stay prepared and (hopefully) safe.Thanks for reading and by all means, keep safe!MikePollyannalana8 months ago Great advice. Two things I do. I never take carry a purse, it stays in the car and I never shop alone at night. I use to carry mace on my key chain, don't know why I quit that, that's a good idea.Mike Lickteig8 months ago Pollyannalana, thanks for reading.  I would guess you are more prepared to deal with the threat of a mugging than most folks on the street.  There is no way to be prepared for every eventuality, but it sounds like you are more alert to trouble than many, and I am glad.  Hope you always stay safe.Mikeprettydarkhorse8 months ago Well informed hub Mike, When I was still in the Philippines, I lost three cellphones to thieves, they slashed my bag in the Metro Train, and snatch it while I am using it walking in an overpass. Manila is crowded so they just snatched it unlike mugging here, hmmm, But I will remember all of these when the time comes if I dont panick, I will look them in the eye, my big black eyes, Thank you, MaitaMike Lickteig8 months ago Maita--you were robbed on three different occasions???  Good grief!  From your description it sounds like theft might be prevelant in Manila, but perhaps the threat of violence is not as great????  Anyway, I'm glad you are safe.  If you are in this situation again, look at them with your big beautiful eyes and you will charm them into leaving you alone.Happy birthday, Maita, and always stay safe!Mikedrbj8 months ago Mike - Being mugged or attacked is extremely traumatic. It may serve to help you be more aware in the future but it is often difficult to forget the episode.The advice to "act crazy" if you believe an assault is imminent is excellent. Even to the point of falling down on grass, if it's available, stuffing some in your mouth and talking gibberish. Attackers want no part of crazy people, because they can't know what you may do.The other tip I would add, if you are a woman and someone tries to grab your purse (which is open), turn it upside down as you hand it over and let everything fall to the ground. You may have a better chance of running away while the mugger is trying to pick up your valuables.Great hub - definitely a public service to alert readers.Obscurely Diverse8 months ago Pepper spray, stun guns, and Kung Fu skills never hurt, as a defense.  In fact, I have all 3.  But, for the less capable, they sell stun guns that look identical to cell phones, for example.  I could give a link to an awesome weapon site, but I'll leave it up to you, since it is your hub.  Personally, registering a firearm and having the freedom to blast their brains out, sounds great to me.  There are so many options to combat so many lunatics; oh, what shall we encompass today?  :DSpringboard8 months ago Avery useful hub, Mike. No doubt we live in some pretty dangerous times. One feature on my truck I just love is the anti-carjacker locking system...At least that's what I call it. Not sure what it may actually be called. But it locks the doors automatically once the truck moves. Even if you don't have an automatic locking system, I always recommend driving with the doors locked anyway. Just in case.Mike Lickteig8 months ago drbj, thanks for reading.  When I have made the "act crazy" suggestion in other venues I have encountered some skepticism, so I appreciate your comments very much.  I agree that thieves want nothing to do with unpredictable people and see them as poor targets.I would also echo your sentiments about the psychological impact of a mugging.  It can be extremely difficult to deal with and accept so that life goes on as normal.  Victims of any crime--particularly violent crimes--always must deal with subsequent trauma.  That is one of the lasting hurts from such an ordeal.I would also agree with your other suggestion--it provides the thief with a choice of retrieving their goods or chasing you.  They are most likely to retrieve the contents of the purse and let you get away.Thanks so much for your comments, they are greatly appreciated.MikeMike Lickteig8 months ago Obscurely Diverse, thanks for reading.  As you suggest, any additional skills or tools that provide an added advantage over a mugger never hurts.  You will also carry yourself with more confidence if you are capable of dealing with violence, and will likely appear as a less appealing target to thieves--just by knowing you can defend yourself.Perhaps a follow-up article on effective self-defense measures would be helpful..... thanks for the idea.I appreciate your comments and opinions, and commend you on your most original name.  Thanks again.MikeMike Lickteig8 months ago Springboard, thanks for your comments.  I sometimes forget to lock doors, and it is certainly a good idea.  We usually feel safe inside our vehicles, but much of the time we aren't as protected as we might think.I appreciate the sound advice, my friend.  Thanks for reading.Mikelightning john8 months ago Hi Mike, thanks for writing this. I myself have a concealed carry license. In the state of florida there are over 500,000 with the permit.  If you do not like the idea of a gun for self protection, a can of wasp and hornet spray carried in your vehicle works great!Thanks again!lovelypaper8 months ago Mike, thanks for writing about such an important subject. No one wants to think about violent crime. Most people don't even think that it could happen to them. I have to walk to my car at night after work and I always look around and have my keys ready.Fantastic hub. It is sure to help many people be more aware.Angelique Loux8 months ago This hub is full of good adviseRunway8 months ago Thanks for the tips!Mike Lickteig8 months ago lightning john, thanks for your comments.  If you are legally able to carry a weapon, obviously the dynamic changes and a confrontation with a thief becomes an entirely different scenario. I agree that a can of wasp spray would also be an effective tool for self-defense.  I have never used a hand gun, but I am sure it is an effective deterrent.  Thanks for reading and for your comments, they are greatly appreciated.MikeMike Lickteig8 months ago lovelypaper, I hope you don't have to walk too far at night to get to your car from work.  Always keep your keys handy, keys make a very effective weapon for self-defense.  You're right, we don't think of violent crime as something that could happen to us, but it could happen to any of us and we must always be careful.Thanks for reading, and I am glad that you remain vigilant and safe.MikeMike Lickteig8 months ago Angelique, thanks for reading.  I appreciate your stopping by.  You have a very beautiful name, by the way.  I have always loved the name Angelique.Thanks again.MikeMike Lickteig8 months ago Runway, thanks for stopping by.  I hope you found the information provided here helpful, and that you will always remain safe.Thanks again for reading.Mikepoetlorraine8 months ago sad but true, we need hubs like this, thanks, very well writtenMike Lickteig8 months ago poetlorraine, thanks for reading.  You raise an interesting point with your comments.  It is sad that we need to know how to defend ourselves from attack.  I wish it were not the case.Thanks so much for reading.Mikejeanie.stecher8 months ago Very helpful advise you have here in your hub. With greater numbers of mugging happening almost every time, reading this will surely help. It is also best if you have a self defense weapon with you. This way, you will not excite the mugger but to stop him if indeed wanted to advance further in his ill motives. A stun gun or pepper spray is a good one. Just stun him or spray him then you will have a greater chance of employing an escape. Nice hub. Thanks.Mike Lickteig8 months ago Jeanie, thanks for reading.  I would certainly endorse walking about with some form of self-defense.  If muggers realize their potential victims might be able to defend themselves, they will be more reluctant to strike.  Anything that gives citizens the best chance for safety and peace of mind is worthwhile.Thanks again for reading.Mikehypnodude7 months ago Obviously rated up and beautiful. Very good hub Mike, and with many sound advices. Muggers are everywhere, especially in places like Italy where victims are left alone and criminals have tens of ways to avoid serious and real punishment. Better keep a low profile, mouth shout and leave valuables at home. A good technique is to have two wallets, one with 50$ and another one with more, if needed. So in case of an attack it's enough to feed their ego and not such a big loss for you.Great hub, stumbled. :)Mike Lickteig7 months ago Hypnodude, thanks so much for reading!  Hope you're doing well these days.  It is sad to find the world such a dangerous place, but hopefully we all do everything we can to stay safe.  The second wallet is a good idea that people in the USA often utilize.  One can only hope folks never have to face a situation where they need it.Thanks again for writing, and stay safe.MikePeggy W4 months ago Since these crimes happen suddenly it is good to be reminded of information like this every so often.  Rating this useful and will tweet it as well.Mike Lickteig4 months ago Hi, Peggy.  You're absolutely correct, when something bad happens there is no time to think--our response must be automatic.  That is why it is important to know how to respond to a dangerous situation in advance.  Thanks for reading, and I appreciate the Tweet.MikeGypsy Willow4 months ago If ever I feel threatened in any place I always get on the phone with someone or pretend to be. I think it might put some one off trying to rob you, may be I'm being naive?Mike Lickteig4 months ago Gypsy, thanks for reading.  You're not naive for getting on the phone if someone looks menacing to you, but if you look distracted while talking on the phone, you might be perceived as an easy target.  If you are on the phone (for real or just pretending) you must demonstrate that you are still alert to your surroundings.  If you appear distracted, the "sharks" will circle.In holding a phone you also demonstrate that you have valuables on you, but a cell phone might not be an issue anymore.  It is assumed these days that everyone is carrying a phone on them, so hiding it won't necessarily make a difference to an attacker.Staying alert is the most important thing.  Be aware of your surroundings you will do a lot to help yourself stay safe.  Thanks again for reading and take care.Mikekatiem24 months ago I really like the tip, ask him what he wants you to do while he gets away. Powerful tip and this entire article is packed with great knowledge to keep us safe and avoid the worse of two evils.  Thanks for the vital help on how to protect yourself from being mugged.KatieMike Lickteig4 months ago Katie, thanks for your comments.  Despite the urge to fight, cooperation is still our best chance of remaining safe in a dangerous situation.  Losing a few dollars is infinitely preferable to losing our life.  Thanks again for stopping by.Miket2webnetwork4 months ago Great advice Mike, I really enjoyed the hub.The wallet thing is so true.  You don't want to visibly show your wallet.  In today's technological era, there's no reason to carry around a ton of cash.  Instead, carry around your credit cards.It's also a great idea to consider purchasing a money belt when traveling overseas!Mike Lickteig4 months ago 12webnetwork, thanks for stopping by.  What you mentioned is so true--don't give an indication that you are carrying anything of value on you if you can help it, whether it is money or gadgets.  Some folks will act like they are on the phone to look connected while they're walking, but don't flash your valuables around and call attention to what you have that could be taken from you.A money belt is also a great idea, and I would recommend it not only for overseas travel, but for visiting tourist destinations such as Las Vegas, as well.Thanks again for reading, I appreciate it.Mikehubpageswriter3 months ago That's so true.  Lives are just so precious.  Tact in dangerous situations should be mind always.  And avoiding those lonely and dingy areas.  Hub up.Mike Lickteig3 months ago Hubpageswriter, thanks for stopping by.  It is always important to be mindful of one's surroundings and avoid dangerous situations.  Being cautious is the best and most obvious way to remain safe.  Thanks for stopping by.MikeIngenira3 months ago Good advice !Here where I lived, the criminals can be so professional and fearless.  They do it so often that policemen have given up on pursuing them. (Yeah, how could that be !)You said it well, there is no materials that are so precious that we can't let go. We can always buy the lost items again or claim the loss from insurance.The only important thing is everyone is unharmed.Mike Lickteig3 months ago Ingenira, thanks for reading.  We are in total agreement there--the important thing is to stay safe.  Everything is secondary to this.  There are very few personal belongings that are so valuable they cannot be replaced.It is sad to think the the police have given up on pursuing thieves where you live.  I have seen police officers refuse to follow leads to retrieve stolen merchandise--not the same, but close enough.  It is a shame, particularly with what you describe.  If an officer is right there when a crime is committed, they should certainly give chase.Well, thanks for stopping by.  Be safe.MikeSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesViolent Crime: Clinical and Social ImplicationsAmazon Price: $44.83List Price: $51.95Violent Crime: Assessing Race and Ethnic DifferencesAmazon Price: $37.99Benefit for Victims of Violent CrimeAmazon Price: $4.51List Price: $9.98Violent SaturdayAmazon Price: $4.9910 Violent WomenAmazon Price: $2.50List Price: $7.98Stopping Violent Crime: New Directions for Reduction & Prevention [VHS]Amazon Price: $13.35List Price: $18.95Profiling Violent Crimes: An Investigative ToolAmazon Price: $29.99List Price: $49.95New Trademark How To Protect Yourself From Crime Protection From Violent Crimes Corporate SecurityAmazon Price: $20.89List Price: $15.11Crime Prevention, Seventh Edition: Approaches, Practices and EvaluationsAmazon Price: $42.08List Price: $53.95Crime Prevention in AmericaAmazon Price: $19.98List Price: $86.40Crime Prevention (Criminal Justice Series)Amazon Price: $24.28List Price: $32.00Crime Prevention: Principles, Perspectives and PracticesAmazon Price: $5.95List Price: $48.99Policing and Crime PreventionAmazon Price: $33.15List Price: $44.20Understanding Crime Prevention, Second EditionAmazon Price: $30.00List Price: $44.95Handbook of Loss Prevention and Crime Prevention, Fourth EditionAmazon Price: $53.10List Price: $102.00The Prevention of Crime: Social and Situational Strategies (Contemporary Issues in Crime and Justice Series)Amazon Price: $32.98List Price: $81.9598Mike LickteigFrom Lawrence KS USA919 Followers144 HubsJoined 22 months agoRead more hubs by Mike LickteigContact Mike LickteigFollow Mike LickteigSubscribe to Mike Lickteig's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Mike Lickteig a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsAbout three in ten murderers were later found not guilty and executed. shoud we stop executions overasked by solarcaptain 16 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionWhat should be done to protect evidence at a Crime Scene?asked by webismine 2 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsFrom Paranoia To Pepper Spray..Protecting Yourself In The...by Reynolds_WritingMy first armed robberyby Anne ScullardGuarding my Cashby Dame ScribeHeros of the 60sby coyjayIncarceration, There Must be Another Wayby rafkenProject Safe Neighborhoodby Dame Scribe Crime ForumTopicRepliesWould you be willing to share your knowledge of gangs?posted by blondey5trucks and you ,the us and them syndrome.posted by el lobo1"WikiLeaks' Assange complains he's victim of leaks": Yahoo!posted by fishskinfreak200820Post a new topic52 more topics Tagssafety crime protection thief robbery armed robbery Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.97 sec)  working