 The Story Of Fred And Rosemary WestHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesSocial IssuesCrime and Justice Issues The Story Of Fred And Rosemary West The Story Of Fred And Rosemary West90rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy gunsock The nice folks at number 25Horror HouseThe world of brutality and degradation sank to a new low with the series of grisly discoveries at Cromwell Street, Gloucester in 1994. The occupants, Rosemary and her husband Fred West, were accused of murdering 10 women and young girls over a 16 year period ending in 1987. They had taken pleasure in luring away vulnerable runaways with offers of rides, lodging or jobs as nannies. Once in their clutches inside the House of Horrors the young women were stripped, bound with tape, abused, tortured, then killed, some were dismembered and buried.The killer couple was arrested at their home, 25 Cromwell Street, Gloucester, in 1994. Police, armed with a search warrant, dug up the remains of the Wests' 16 year old daughter, Heather, who vanished in 1987. Further excavations under the house and in the garden produced eight more female bodies and a further body was found under the kitchen of a former home in Gloucester.The Wests shared a fascination with BDSM. Police found pictures and tapes of Rose bound, gagged and whipped. They also found a wide variety of apparatus including gags, hoods, and huge dildos. Their victims were often abducted, then bound and gagged before being subjected to hideous torture over a period of days in their cellar.Rosemary it seems loved to torture by the insertion of huge dildos and they both had a fascination with an exteme form of bondage and suffocation. When they went too far, as they often did, Fred would dismember and bury the bodies. Even their own children were abused, raped and tortured by this wicked couple, being used as guinea-pigs for their sexual experimentation. Rose would usually do the tying up, and the children would be tied naked and spread-eagled on a metal bedframe. One of the children said later " She had canes and whips, including a cat of nine-tails. She might use all of them or just a selection. When she had completed her experiments on us she would encourage Dad to rape us or insert objects into us herself". It was a standing joke amongst the children that one of them, Charmian, was buried in the garden under the patio that Fred had laid. This family joke eventually led police and social workers to discover the whole grisly truth. Fred, aged 7Fred WestFred was born in 1941 in the village of Much Marcle, approximately 120 miles west of London, to Walter and Daisy West. It is believed that incest was an accepted part of the West household and Fred claimed that his father had sex with his daughters, using the logic, "I made you so I'm entitled to have you." Fred left school when he was fifteen, almost illiterate, and went to work as a farm hand.Fred's troubles with the police began in 1961 when he was fined for minor thefts in Hereford. A few months later, he was accused of impregnating a 13-year-old girl who was a friend of the West family. Fred was uncooperative and didn't see that there was anything wrong with what he had done.This attitude and the ensuing scandal caused a serious breach with his family. Fred was ordered to find somewhere else to live and it wasn't long before he was caught stealing from the construction sites where he worked and having sex with young girls.When Fred was seventeen, he had been seriously injured in a motorcycle accident. After his recovery from the accident, he met the pretty 16-year-old Catherine Bernadette Costello, nicknamed Rena. They were to marry 4 years later, in November 1962. By then Rena was pregnant by another man. Her daughter, Charmaine, was born in March 1963, and in July 1964 Rena bore Fred a daughter named Anne-Marie.Even though Rena had been a prostitute at various times, she was not happy to be a prisoner to the voracious sexual appetite of Fred West. Colin Wilson in The Corpse Garden tells how Fred's interest in "normal sex" was minimal. "He wanted oral sex, bondage and...sodomy...at all hours of the day and night." Anna McFall, first known victimFirst KillFred started a job driving an ice cream truck which afforded him unlimited access to many young women. For someone as highly sexed as Fred, it seemed like paradise. His politeness, apparent trustworthiness and sincerity, and his ability to spin interesting tales made him attractive to the teenagers who flocked around his ice cream truck. His continual seductions turned Rena and Charmaine into afterthoughts. One young girl he met was called Anna McFall who, in early 1967, became pregnant with Fred's child. She was trying unsuccessfully to get Fred to divorce Rena and marry her. Fred's response to the stress of her demands was to kill her and their unborn child,and then to slowly and methodically dismember her corpse and bury her along with the foetus. Oddly enough, he cut off her fingers and toes, which were missing from the gravesite. It would be his ritualistic signature in future crimes.The following year Fred met Rose Letts, on November 29th, 1968, her fifteenth birthday.  Rose as a childRoseRosemary Letts was born in November 1953 in Devon, England. Her father was a violent domestic tyrant who demanded unconditional obedience from his wife and children. He enjoyed disciplining them and seemed to look for any excuse to beat them..Rose was not a star performer in school and was known as 'Dozy Rosie'. Also, she was overweight, which made her the butt of cruel jokes by her peers. She lashed out at them and attacked anyone who teased her. Consequently, she became known as an ill tempered, aggressive loner.As a teenager, Rose showed signs of being sexually precocious, walking around naked after her baths and climbing into bed with her younger brother and fondling him sexually. Her father's rules forbade her to date boys her own age and her heaviness and temperament kept boys from being interested in her. She focused her interest in sex on the older men of the village.When she met Fred West there was an immediate sexual attraction but her father objected strongly to the relationship, and resorted to contacting Social Services and threatening West directly, but to no avail; she was soon pregnant with West's child and found herself looking after his two children by Rena Costello, when West was sent to prison on various petty theft and fine evasion charges. She gave birth to daughter Heather in 1970. With three children to care for, a boyfriend in jail and constant money problems, Rose's temper flared constantly. She resented having to take care of Rena's children and treated them badly. A Young Fred and RoseKilling TogetherAfter Heather's birth, and shortly before Fred's release, it appears that Rose killed Fred and Rena Costello's daughter, Charmaine. Since Fred was in jail when Charmaine was murdered, his involvement probably extended to burying her body under the kitchen floor of their home on Midland Road where it lay undiscovered for over 20 years. Before he buried Charmaine, he took off her fingers, toes and kneecaps.Rena Costello was killed in August 1971 by Fred West. Fred saw that he had no choice but to kill Rena. In all likelihood, he probably got her very drunk and then strangled her at his house on Midland Road. He then dismembered her body and mutilated it in the same odd way that he had Anna McFall's body: he cut off Rena's fingers and toes. Then he put her remains into bags and buried her in the same general area as he buried Anna McFall.On 29 January 1972, Fred and Rosemary married in Gloucester, and on 1 June that year, Rose gave birth to their daughter, Mae. Like Fred, Rose came from a family where incest was considered normal and even after the birth of her fourth child Rose's father, Bill Letts, with Fred's approval, would often visit the West's for sex with his daughter. Charmaine (left), baby Heather and Anna MarieMore from our Crime and Punishment SeriesEd Gein, The Serial Killer Who Played With CorpsesTo say that Ed Gein was sexually weird is a gross understatement. It just doesn't get near the truth. Ed Gein was a perverted killer who loved to play with women's corpses. He murdered wives and sisters of...The Worlds Youngest Bank DefrauderThe incredible true story of Frank Abagnale who robbed banks, impersonated pilots and doctors and made a fortune - all before his twentieth birthday.Mafia Torturer - The Story of Richard Kuklinski, The IcemanThe story of Richard Kuklinski, a brutal and sadistic killer and torturer. Some of the crimes he committed are beyond imagining, the stuff of nightmares. Known as the Iceman and feared throughout the underworld, he was for years a top mafia hitman.Rose's magazine ad for prostitutionTorture, Rape, Incest and MurderThe Wests were both indulging their unconventional sexual appetites by this time, with Rose matching her husband in her extreme sexual needs. She had a voracious sexual appetite and enjoyed extreme bondage and sadomasochistic sex. She was bisexual, and many of their victims were picked up for both her and her husband's sexual pleasure. West also worked as a prostitute (often while Fred watched).Fred West himself had an almost insatiable appetite for bondage and violent sex acts on underage girls. He fitted out the cellar at No 25 as a torture chamber, and his 8-year-old daughter, Anne-Marie, became one of its first occupants, subjected to a horrifically brutal rape by her father whilst her stepmother held her down. This became a regular occurrence, and the child was threatened with beatings if she told anyone of her ordeal.In December 1972 the Wests carried out a sexual assault on 17-year-old Caroline Owens whom they had hired as a nanny. Caroline was very attractive, so much so that Rose and Fred competed with each other to seduce her. When Caroline told them she was leaving the couple abducted, stripped and raped her. Caroline escaped and reported the couple to the police. As a result the Wests were fined for serious sexual assault in January of 1973.  Rose and FredCellar of DeathOver the next five years eight young girls were lured to an horrific death in the Wests' cellar. Lynda Gough, Lucy Partington, Juanita Mott, Therese Siegenthaler, Alison Chambers, Shirley Robinson and 15-year-old schoolgirls Carol Ann Cooper and Shirley Hubbard, all became victims of the West couple's insatiable appetite for violent sex. After brutal sexual attacks, all were murdered, dismembered and buried in the cellar under No 25, having first had their fingers and toes removed.Bondage was becoming a major thrill for Fred and Rose. Shirley's head had been wrapped entirely with tape and a plastic tube was inserted in her nose so that she could breathe. Juanita had been subjected to even more extreme bondage and her body had been suspended from the beams of the cellar.At least one girl, Lucy Partington, was sexually abused for over a week before her death.Rose continued to produce children at regular intervals and the birth of daughter Louise in November 1978, brought their offspring to six, although not all were fathered by West. Barry joined the brood in June 1980, with Rosemary Junior following in 1982 and Lucyanna in 1983. They were aware to some extent of the activities in the house, but West and Rose exercised strict control over them.West's incestuous interest in his own daughters continued, and when Anne-Marie moved out to live with her boyfriend, he switched his attentions to younger siblings, Heather and Mae. Heather resisted his attentions and, in 1986, committed the cardinal sin of telling a friend about the goings on in the house. The Wests responded by murdering and dismembering her, and burying her in the back garden of No 25, where son Stephen was forced to assist with digging the hole.Justice FinallyGiven that the West's vicious sex acts did not result in murder every time, and the sheer number of attacks, it was inevitable that someone would expose their activities, which resulted in them coming to the attention of Detective Constable Hazel Savage, who led a search at Cromwell Street in August of 1992 that found pornography and clear evidence of child abuse. West was arrested for rape and sodomy of a minor, and Rose for assisting in the rape of a minor.In the course of the investigation DC Savage uncovered the abuse of Anne-Marie, as well as the disappearances of Charmaine and Heather, that warranted further investigation, as well as rumours about what might be buried under the patio. The younger West children were taken into care, and Rose attempted suicide at this time, although she was found by her son, Stephen, and revived.On 24th February 1994 a warrant was obtained to search the Cromwell Street house and garden, and police found the remains of two dismembered and decapitated young women, one of whom the police suspected might be Shirley Robinson. West claimed sole responsibility for the murders and, when Rose heard of the confession, she denied all knowledge of Heather's death.As the case against them developed, Rose tried increasingly to distance herself from West, claiming that she was also a victim, but police were not convinced of her innocence, given the sheer number of murders which had occurred, and her participation in the rapes.On 13th December 1994, West was charged on twelve counts of murder, and he was taken into custody at Winson Green Prison in Birmingham, pending trial where, on 1st January 1995, he hanged himself in his cell with knotted bed sheets.Rose West went on trial on 3rd October 1995 in the glare of media frenzy. Witnesses including her daughter Anne Marie and Caroline Owens, one of their first victims, testified to her participation in sexual assaults on young women. Her defence counsel tried to argue that evidence of assault was not evidence of murder but, when Rose testified on her own behalf, her violent nature and dishonesty became clear to the jury, and they unanimously found her guilty on ten separate counts of murder on 22nd November 1995. She was sentenced to a minimum of 25 years in jail. Rose West's sentence was later extended to a "whole life" sentence by the Home Secretary, effectively removing any possibility of parole.No 25 Cromwell Street, or the "House of Horrors", as it was dubbed by the media, was eventually razed to the ground in October 1996, and in its place is a pathway that leads to the town centre.There remains a widespread belief both with the public and within the police that Fred and Rose West's victims numbered far more than the twelve with which they were charged and it is still considered highly likely that Fred West maintained another burial site yet to be discovered. And 12 women and children are definitely gone, forever, and two of their unborn babies, and we'll never know how many more, simply listed as 'missing' during the Sixties and Seventies.  The House of Horrors was completely destroyedFred & Rose: The Full Story of Fred and Rose West and the Gloucester House of HorrorsAmazon Price: $5.98List Price: $14.99Cellar of Horror:  The Story of Gary HeidnikAmazon Price: $4.52List Price: $7.99Make Money Online! Join Hub Pages for FreeAll About Hub PagesFind all about Hub Pages - its a great way of enjoyably making money online. When you're satisfied, click the following link to join. Its completely free.HubPages New User SignupSign up -- Absolutely free and takes just seconds --Then Create a Hub (your own Web article) quickly and easily--Then Make money when visitors to your Hubs click on ads.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (3)Funny (1)Awesome (2)Beautiful (2)Ed Gein, The Serial Killer Who Played With CorpsesThe Evil of Jeffrey Dahmer, not a dull lifeCommentsMelissa2 years ago Ugh, I feel disgusted about what they did, ewww.lisa2 years ago how some1 could do that i dont they are sick and disgustingAlexandra Loughlin2 years ago My mums friend was killed by them so i hope they rot in HELL for the rest of eternity.Michelle23 months ago Those dirty bastards! I hope they rot in hell to, all those innocent little children and innocent women. How could they do such a thing? It makes me sick to my stomach!mulberry116 months ago I hadn't heard of this case before, what a bunch of twisted people. The grandparents and extended family were obviously no better.rickshadrick16 months ago However unfortunate, it seems these two were "made" for each other by means of their upbringings.  It goes to show that the tendencies to become deviant and have violent outbreaks can spawn from how parents choose to raise their children.  Whether by a psychological, biological or chemical change, these two almost seemed destend to do what they did.  If we look at many serial killers from the past, we find some type of psycholigical breakdown of the mind that began from childhood.  I'm glad you researched their histories and brought them to life for the reader to grasp a better understanding of how a psychopath, or psychopaths in this particular case, are relegated to their actions by past experiences.RickNikki14 months ago I think that she should be put on death row if she doesnt admit to any other deaths.In Japan they tie people to the floor and make bamboo grow through them which is a slow painful death. This is what should happen to her!!! Fred shouldnt have been able to kill himslef they should have kept an eye on him so he could rot in prison.Lady Rogue12 months ago Thanks for that horrific story! I couldn't stop reading and now need a shower - but, thank you. I wish more justice could be done and I agree with Nikki in that I wish Fred suffered more. I wonder if he actually killed himself or if some outraged guards metted out their own justice.gunsock12 months ago Thanks for the comment, Lady Rogue. It does seem that Fred somehow got off lightly by hanging himself. I don't think there was any 'vigilante' justice in this case, but he probably realised that if he'd stayed alive in prison, his fellow prisoners would have made his life unbearable.Cris11 months ago I am extremely horrified of the actions of these psychopaths. I agree to an extent about the environment in which a child is raised may have an affect on their mental development. However, many people were raised in extremely violent and deviant environments, they do not all turn out to be sadistic serial killers. It sounds as if these two "people" have proven the theory of "original sin".Tom B.9 months ago Who make this stuff up? Somebody's got a vivid imagination.gunsock9 months ago Tom, this case is well documented and its all true.fatboyslim9 months ago What planet have u come from Tom B.?lee c8 months ago they should not b on protection in jail to let all the over prisoners get hold ov them and let them av a little peace ov what there victims went through by letting the other prisoners tourtcher them then stop JUST before they die then just reapeat it all again same gose for that sick ian huntley bloke let them suffer in stead ov sitting in a cozzy cell the goverment is all WRONG !Dahlia8 months ago This is so awful, there are no words to explain the sickening feeling. How can there be such monsters? I don't recall seeing this on TV!  What happened to Rena, his first wife? Where are the ugly grandparents who led an incestuous lifestyle? They should be jailed too.AJ8 months ago This case was very well documented and publicised. I have family in Glouscester and some who knew the family. This still destresses me to this day and he took the easy way out by hanging himself in prison. Shows what a coward he was.p .m7 months ago they should be made to rot in hell no t given the confort of a cosy cell .tv and other stuff like mira hindley hadand what as become of the kids they had  they must live with  this for the rest of their lives who will trust them there lives are not worth living . they should be meant to eat dry bread and wterthis country is far to soft  it is time they woke up no wonder everyone to wants to come to uk they know it is run by a lod of odd ballsdenikataylor7 months ago i dontunderstand these people i mean why wud u do these horrific things  its really badJustice7 months ago I don't care what their reason was for murdering and rapeing those women and children. They deserve to burn for eternity in the pits of hell where they belong.Paige6 months ago I don't understand how they got away with it for so long? How can a child disappear...in this case 2, and no one bothers to look for them? And it may seem that Frank took the easy way out...but he met his maker and is suffering now in a way that no one on Earth could have made him. Hopefully Rose will join him soon! I pray that the children left behind somehow were able to salvage their lives and live a good and happy life.shuppershupper5 months ago i read the book by caroline its horrific.Kevin Butler-Key5 months ago If I had the chance I would have killed them myself. And no, that's not a death threat, just a statement.whoopi5 months ago I think they were both trying to make themselves feel better, at the same time enjoying themselves as they had been taught to by their parents. "I want revenge, I know this is wrong, but it is what I know and it feels good". So sad.wow4 months ago sick hope the kids can recover from the painprue4 months ago This is indeed horrible! It's sickening.:(Paul3 months ago The best accounts when taken together are Inside 25 Cromwell Street which is Stephen and Maes account - then read the Detectives account by Set.Supt John Bennett - fascinating!Anne3 months ago I've heard of sick people but they are absolutely deranged ....I hope the Law is hard on them that they never see the light of day ever again, but i have a feeling that they don't feel any guilt or feel for the families that they have hurt.michelle3 months ago Absolutely sickening..I dont think the way they were brought up should excuse what they did to the innocent victims..I think they were PURE EVILEstrangedDaughter3 months ago That portrait of them at the top of the article is really creepy. The expression on Fred's face is manic, and the way he's leaning over Rosemary with his hands on her looks very possessive. I would hate to see a face like that on my last day. So sorry for the victims.Suzanne2 months ago Bring back hanging!!!!!sammi2 months ago sick sick sick people i feel so sorry for the people who went through these discusting and evil things!! they need worse than hangingAneesa Khulsoom birmingham 2 months ago I,m heart broken i,m only 9 in November 7 th because when i was a baby i was fostered then my beutiful dad took his own life away just for me to come back but guy,s dont worry to much they will eventually go to hell allah wont be happy with them he,ll be angry and sad he sent us down to be the perfecy 1 ,s but they were very bad but i,m  stil sad when i hear a sad story i,m a twin but to mins younger i,m the youngest out of my family but i,m sad and heart broken .ladyvamperi7 weeks ago so sad and it makes me sick to think about but thankyou for sharingAneesa khulsoom birmingham6 weeks ago Thank,s anyway for this evil storyAlly5 weeks ago Bring back the death penaltyAneesa khulsoom birmingham5 weeks ago That,s the thing we cant bring any one back to life allah has got them it,s all their fault they are gonna be badly punished .Willow4 weeks ago !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I feel sick 2 my stomach I can honestly not believe the pain and suffering those poor people went through I was sexually abused and although it was far from being that bad I can kind of understand what the victims went through it is absolutely disgusting I think that any1 out there who does things like that should slowly be tortured and and lose their whats its and then have to live like that while being locked up and gettibg their faces smashed in by the other people locked up with them !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!chicago chick4 weeks ago hey iam a student in chicago,and my report is on rose for my law class:I apreciate how enternate and people like you work hard to show and share time to the people who read these sources.Aneesa Birmingham4 weeks ago Are how sweet of you to go and say that .candice2 weeks ago thanks for the info. i too was not aware of these horrific crimes i just happened upon theie names while researching for my criminology exams. i'm saddened for their victims and wish fred and rosemary could have been made to regret their acts.I hope their children can atleast get past their legacy. Atleast we know what happened it's better than them getting to die free of blame and the family of the victims forever wonderingkay11 days ago I was 11 when they caught fred and rose - i remember everyone talking about it in the playground, but only today -16 years later have i read the truth about what happened - i had no idea they abused their own children. I am so sickened by this. Absolutely sickened.Kristin7 days ago Oh i wish i picked someone else for my forensics report i feel uncomfortable with this choice they're sick  =( at least this was helpfulAneesabirmingham4 days ago Candice u shud indeed pas your exam,s and Kay just try your best 2 forget this story the more u think about it you,ll end up having bad dream,s but i,m glad you now know the truth and Kristin im glad that it was helpful .Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites83gunsockFrom South Coast of England130 Followers141 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by gunsockContact gunsockFollow gunsockSubscribe to gunsock's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk gunsock a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsA small time drug dealer gets 5 years in jail. A drunk kills someone while driving and only getsasked by GoGranny 11 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionMost known serial killersasked by oxymoron 10 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsTrue Crime-Albert Fishby crazyhorsesghostThe Evil of Jeffrey Dahmer, not a dull lifeby gunsockFamous Serial Killers , Aileen Wuornos by crazyhorsesghostThe Chicago Outfit and The Prohibition Eraby RLANDASociopathic Murderers I Have Knownby Rochelle FrankThe Serial Killer of the Caribbean: A True Crime Storyby GarnetBird Crime and Justice Issues ForumTopicRepliesAmazon pedophilia author arrestedposted by Stacie L74madoff's son kills himselfposted by Stacie L4Germany doubles money to aging Holocaust survivorsposted by Stacie L0Post a new topic21 more topics Tagsmurder rape serial killers fred west rose west burying bodies Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.252 sec)  working