Living With Domestic Violence is Damaging Our ChildrenHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsGender and RelationshipsRelationship Problems and AdviceDomestic AbuseLiving With Domestic Violence is Damaging Our ChildrenLiving With Domestic Violence is Damaging Our Children79rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Laura du ToitWhen we talk about abusive relationships and domestic violence we tendto concentrate on the adults, the abuser and the abused. Sadly, thoughall too often the people affected most are the innocent children. Theonly people who have no say in the matter and have no way of gettingthemselves out of this dysfunctional situation. Adults can at leastdecide they need help and make a decision to end the relationship,children can't. The partners can at least justify to themselves and theworld why it is happening - children can't. Adults have a perception oftime and they can differentiate between last month and last week -small children can't. Image : Pink Sherbet Photography - FlickrOne in every 4women will become victims of domestic violence sometime during theirlifetime. That is a chilling fact. What is even more perturbing is thefact that more than 50%of female victims of domestic violence in America have children under12 years old living with them. It is estimated that as many as 3million children witness domestic violence annually. Thesaddest part of all is that none of these figures can truly reflect ormeasure the life-longimpact that domestic violence can have on these children's self-value,capacity totrust others, and the effect it will have on their relationshipsthroughout their lives, including parenthood.These children may useviolence in their own adult relationships andgenerally as adults display a higher level of trauma symptoms anddepression. The only way to break the cycle is for the abused parent to remove herself and these childrenfrom their violent surroundings and ensure that they get the bestsupport from suitably qualified people.In many homes where domestic violence occurs the parents are under the misconception thattheir children are unaware of the violence if it has not taken place inclose proximity to the children. However research suggests that morethan 80% of the children living in a house where domestic violencetakes place are aware of the violence. They may not witness the actualviolence but they do hear the fighting, hear the screams and see theinjuries. They are also traumatized by the parent's emotional pain andsuffering after the violence has taken place. In cases where the domestic violence has been part of their livesfor prolonged periods these children have a complete misconception of normality.Children who are witnesses of domestic violence often have no emotionalsupport system. The abusing parent is recognized as unsafe and theabused parent may be so traumatized that they may be unavailable tooffer emotional support to the child. What aggravates the wholesituation is the fact that the child is usually confused andfeels guilty about loving the abuser, hating them one moment and lovingthem the next and feeling guilty for doing either. The abused parentmay also find it difficult to comprehend that the child can express anylove towards the abusive partner.Beingexposed to domestic violence often results in these children resortingto abusive and violent behavior as their primary means of resolvingconflict. Studies indicate that these children have a 74% higherlikelihood of committing assault as adults. Image courtesy Heraldspost- FlickrChildren Don't Often Speak Out Even if the child is old enough to disclose the violence it ishighly unlikely that they will do so. Divided loyalties to parents,feelings of shame and guilt as well as fears of unpleasant consequencesas a result of such disclosure will prevent them from seekingassistance.These childrenoften feel guilty about not being able to stop the abuse and tend totake responsibility for its occurrence.They may also perceive the world to be anunpredictable, threatening and hostile place. One can hardly begin toimagine what it must be like for a young child to have to deal withthese emotions. Image courtesy Mtsofan - FlickrThey are constantly on edge asthey wait for the next beating to occur and suffer severe anxiety aboutbeing abandoned. Children who have been exposed to domestic violenceoften experience difficulties at school and are known to suffer from headaches, stomach aches and other stress related ailments. They are also considered a higher risk for substance abuse.Researchhas shown that witnessing domestic violence has harmful effects on theemotional, social and cognitive development of children. Childrenwho have been exposed to domestic violence may develop variousadjustment problems or maladaptive behavior. Boys generally tend tobecome more aggressive whereas girls tend to become more withdrawn. Thefrequency and severity of the violence that children are exposed towill impact the distress level they are likely to suffer. Witnessingonly negative interactions between the parents will also heighten thedistress whereas if they witness positive interactions in the timelapses between the violence it could alleviate the level of distressthat the children endure. No child will be unscathed by domestic violence in their family. Theirreactions are not always immediately apparent and may only presentthemselves weeks or months after the exposure. The age of the childwhen exposed to the violence will play a role in how they express theirconfusion, anger, fear and stress.  Negative Effects of Domestic Violence on ChildrenChildren Up To The Age of 5 Years OldYounger children appear to be more affected by the violence and displayhigher levels of emotional andpsychological distress. Young children may display regressive behavior(returning to behaviors exhibited at an earlier age) such asthumb-sucking or bed wetting. They can also become excessively clingyor may withdraw from contactwith others, avoiding any physical contact. These children may alsoexperience abnormal trembling and often display bouts of crying,whimpering and screaming for no obvious reason. They may also startwandering around aimlessly or refuse to walk and revert to beingimmobile. Children in this age group who have been exposed to domesticviolence may also start acting out abusive behavior when playing withtheir toys. In this crucial developmental stage the child mayexperience difficulty in bonding with either one or both the parentswhich could result in an abnormal fear of being separated from one orboth parents.Children Between 6 - 12 Years OldChildren who have been exposed to domestic violence in the 6 - 11 yearage range may also display regressive behavior although this is lesscommon than in children under 5 years old. There is a high risk of themrecreating this violent behavior when playing with peers and siblings.This results in outbursts of anger and frequent fighting.They tend to become disruptive and have problems with paying attention.Other common problems include sleeping problems, nightmares,irrational fears, stress-related ailments, depression, anxiety,emotional numbing, feelings of guilt and schooling problems includingtruancy.Children Imitate Our BehaviorAdolescentsThe adolescent often feels that they are somehow to blame for thefamily's problems and may suffer extreme guilt over not being able toprevent its occurrence. Children in the 12 to 17 year age group tend tofind it more difficult to put the experience behind them and often haveflashbacks to the actual violent episodes. These may present themselvesin nightmares. The increased emotional stress often presents itself instress-related ailments and poor academic results. There is a higherrisk of substance abuse and other risk-taking behavior such asself-mutilation of eating disorders in these children. They may alsodisplay anti-social behavior and become withdrawn even to the pointwhere they isolate themselves from their peers. Depression is notuncommon and many of them display suicidal thoughts and at the otherend of the scale they may experience emotional numbing.Other factorsOther factors that will influence these responses will include thechild's personality and whether the child actually witnessed theviolence or only heard it while in another room in the house. Childrenwho have a high self-esteem and an outgoing temperament as well asstrong relationships with peers and siblings are less at risk ofsuffering the adverse affects of the exposure to domestic violence.Other protective factors which can help children in these circumstancesare a supportive relationship with an adult and social competence.Research on Domestic ViolenceThereis a very real risk that these children may eventually becomeanother victim of the violence if the abuser vents his anger on thechild.In an effort to intimidate and hurt the abused partner theperpetrator may deliberately hurt the children. These assaults can bein the form of physical, emotional or sexual abuse. Often olderchildren can suffer injuries during attempts by the child to interveneduring a physical assault.According to the findings conducted by Sheldonand Eleanor Glueck of Harvard in the late 1940s as presented in The Cambridge-Somerville Youth Study, theincidence of delinquent behavior was lower in brokenhomes without conflict than in intact homesthat were characterized by a degree of conflict and neglect.Women who stay in abusive relationships often stay for the sake of the children. According to this study you are doing your children more harm than good by exposing them to domestic violence. More facts and figures on Domestic ViolenceThe Women's Rural Advocacy Programs describes the following factsconcerning child and spouse abuse in the United States:Almost70% of the 900 children at battered women's shelters were eithervictims of physical abuse or neglect according to a recent study. Childrenfrom homes where domestic violence occurs are often seriouslyneglected due to the emotional state of the mother.Therate at which children are physically abused or seriously neglected is1500% higher than the national average in homes where domestic violenceoccurs. According toResearch by the U.S.Advisory Board on Child Abuse and Neglect domestic violence may be thesingle major cause of child abuse and neglectin this country.  Accordingto Lenore Walker's 1984 studymothers that were being physically abused were 8 times more likely tohurt their children than they would have had they been in a safeenvironment.Link To National Domestic Violence HotlineNational Domestic Violence Hotline Image : Courtesy DreamcatchersforabusedchildrenThrough the Eyes of a Childyou wonder whyyou wonder why i don't talk anymorewhy i lie down in a heap on the floorall curled up like a newborn baby wouldand if i could tell you maybe i wouldbut the words don't want to come outit started when i heard daddy shoutand beat you, and beat you, again and againnow i try to talk but its all in vainyou think i don't know what's going onthat i'm too small to know something is wrongbut i can see the tears running down your faceand i just want to be in a better placewhere you hold me gently like you used to doand you don't hurt when i try to touch youwhere you play with me and you laugh againis it my fault that you're feeling this painwhy else would you keep shutting me outis it because i make daddy shoutdoesn't daddy love us anymoreis that why you keep closing my dooror is it because you think i can't hearwhen i hide under my bed and tremble with fearthe punches that fall again and againand your voice as you shout and scream in painand you wonder why i don't talk anymoreand why i just lie in a heap on the floorbecause mommy i'm too scared to talk to youcos i love you mommy but i love daddy tooand i can't understand, i don't know why,why daddy does things that make you crybut if i say i love him i'm scared you'll throw me awaythat's why i don't talk - i don't know what to say.Laura du Toit - 2009More Hubs on Abusive RelationshipsHow to Prevent Domestic ViolenceImage Courtesy of publik - Flickr The only real way to prevent domestic violence is not to get involved with a person who has an abusive personality. Abusive behavior is not an act of rage. It is also not...What You Should Know About Physical AbuseEverywhere we look we see violence - in movies, on the news and in many of the computer games that we give our children to play with. Its not surprising then that domestic violence and abuse is often overlooked or excused. Contrary to what many peoplEmotional AbuseAny behavior designed to undermine and control someone else through fear, humiliation, manipulation or intimidation is emotional abuse. This can present itself in the form of verbal abuse, constant criticism...Domestic Violence in the LGBT CommunityDomestic violence is a violation of human rights in any relationship, regardless of the gender or sexual identity of the parties involved and regardless of the relationship between the victim and the...Celebrating Christmas With An Abusive PartnerChristmas is a time for rejoicing. A time for family celebrations and a time for giving. All over the world the different nations, religions and even families have their own unique tradition that they...The Best Christmas Gift Anyone Can GiveThe best Christmas Gift anyone can give this and every Christmas is to donate a toy to a needy cause. We are all so busy planning our Christmas that we tend to forget about those less fortunate than we are. ...Recommended Reading About Children in Domestic Violence SituationsChildren's Perspectives on Domestic ViolenceAmazon Price: $31.57List Price: $53.95I Saw It Happen: A Child's Workbook About Witnessing ViolenceAmazon Price: $11.95Childhood Experiences of Domestic Violence: The Herd, Primal Horde, Crowds and MassesAmazon Price: $30.35List Price: $39.95KHUM's 'Stop The Violence' campaign begins 2 Nov 2009KHUM's 'Stop The Violence' campaign begins this weekThe first week, the campaign will investigate how the current economic downturn has impacted domestic violence and family dynamics in generalThe second week of the campaign will deal with the question, When Is It Abuse? Week three, beginning Nov.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome Beautiful Abusive Relationships: How to Prevent Domestic ViolenceAbusive Relationships: What You Should Know About Domestic Physical AbuseCommentsParadise714 months ago Good hub Laura.  I see your theme and know it intimately, and you have the right way of presenting this material.Laura du Toit14 months ago Thank you ParadiseA comment like that coming from someone who has been subjected to this unforgivable pain means a lot to me.manlypoetryman14 months ago Laura: I like the way your poetry has a message to it...you are quite gifted...and able to make it have strong meaning. I can't write this comment w/o getting upset at a child being abused by domestic violence...AAAGGGH! That is awful! This message of horrible abuse...it is so hard to understand how someone could be like this with a child. Your poetry touches on the emotion of a child like she was sharing her thoughts out loud. And, how she thinks it is somehow her fault for some reason...how horrific is this? You made this seem very real...like we knew who this child was and what they were thinking. Well done...Laura! I wish that your poem could be read out loud to all  abusive parents...then maybe they could begin to realize the horribleness of what they have brought on an innocent child.Laura du Toit14 months ago Thank you MPMIf I could touch you then I am sure I will touch any mother who is allowing her child to be subjected to this type of emotional abuse. Children who are subjected to domestic violence are being emotionally abused and this is unforgivable.Sue Adams14 months ago We should not forget that alcohol is the real culprit. That is what turns Jekyll into Hyde. There is a ban on drunk driving. Similarly there should be a ban on drunk dating and drunk copulating (breeding children who will become victims of domestic violence).Quenby Wilcox 14 months ago While witnessing the abuse of a parent is terribly painful, what about child abuse. When a person is abusive, particularly psychologically abusive, the abuse falls on the children just as much if not more than on the children. How much of substance abuse, failure rates in schools, bullying in our schools, child run-aways, high teenage pregancy rates, or dysfuntional behavioural patterns are the direct consequense of parental abuse.On a "Jerry Springer" type reality show focusing on adolescent girls who were having multiple sexual encounters per day with the express desire to become pregnant "in order to feel loved," as one girl testified. The presentator and her mother turned around and started shouting at her telling what a miserable, sorry excuse for a daughter she was?!?! The only productive thing about the entire show was that she had to  take care of a real baby for 24 hours, and learned that it is hard work.All my life I have been told by "loved ones" what a miserable excuse for a child, and person I was and am.As a Jewish victim of the Holocaust said in regards to Nazi propoganda campaigns "When someone tells you that you are sub-human, ugly, stupid, worthless.... often enough and long enough, you start believing it."Domestic psychological abuse uses the same tactics and rhetoric as any other forms of torture.Until we realize this, and are willing to face the truth about the cause and effect between domestic abuse and our social problems, then we will never eradicate the cancers in our societies.Many of our economic problems can be traced back to the scars of societys antiquated nurturing techniques which teaches us that we are what we possess rather than what we do or accomplish. How much of our obsessive mass-consumption (and over-eating) are linked to making us feel better about ourselves in order to fill an empty void in our hearts and lives?Quenby WilcoxLaura du Toit14 months ago Thanks Sue -According to the experts alcohol is not the cause of domestic violence although many abusers hide behind substance abuse as a cause. Substance abuse is a problem separate from abusive behavior which is a personality disorder. I do agree though that abuse escalates with the abuse of alcohol and other substances but cannot make a non-abusive person become abusive.Laura du Toit14 months ago Thanks for the comment Quenby.Why don't you join Hubpages - you have a lot to share and are an excellent writer. We could do with your input. Could not have said it better.Thank youNCWriterDK14 months ago Very in-depth and so right on. It is unfortunate that we have these type of subjects in this world today. Mankind has not been able to fix this type of violence and we see it everyday, everytime we turn on the TV. I lost a son to diabetes and there is not a moment I wouldn't give to have him back to spoil him; the very thought that children are having to go through this at the hands of the adults that should protect them is unthinkable. We all need to be involved until the day comes that this is no longer a concern. Every child deserves a carefree childhood to enable them to grow up and enter society productively. Any type of abuse is not acceptable for anyone of any age. Please keep educating through your writings; you do it so well. Maybe someday we will all be able to break the cycle of abuse through education and caring.Laura du Toit14 months ago NCWriterDK  So sorry to hear about your tragic loss.  I can imagine that trying to comprehend how people can expose their children to abusive behavior must be all the more difficult for you while carrying that pain in your heart.I do intend to carry on trying to reach people in abusive relationships and if I can help one person it will all be worthwhile.prettydarkhorse14 months ago hi. Ms. Laura, this covers all, wow, you definitely have extensive knbowledge on the topic and I salute you for trtying to reached out to others who have sufferwed this kind of abuseLaura du Toit14 months ago Thanks prettydarkhorseLet's hope we are successful in helping those that need the motivation to take that final step!Tatjana-Mihaela14 months ago This is excellent article, Laura. In the home full of violence, there is no love, no progress, no support, no anything,  what would make children happy and emotionally healthy...only problems and traumas which is not easy to heal.I hope, your targeted audience will understand that there is no other desicion - then go away from violent partner and save the children from suffering and pain.Laura du Toit14 months ago Thanks Tatjana-MihaelaI certainly hope my article does inspire to make people in these situations take that step. If not for themselves then at least for their children.itcoll13 months ago it spoils their childhood and makes them too dull.hope they come through everything and succeed in life.Laura du Toit13 months ago Thanks for dropping in itcollSeems I missed the notification of your comment.samboiam8 months ago Thank you for drawing attention to domestic violence. We as a society can no longer look the other way. More has to be done to break the cycle.I have linked this hub as well "How to Prevent Domestic Violence" and "What You Should Know About Physical Abuse"to my latest hub "Stop Violence Against Women"sd982 months ago As a survior of domestic violence I have seen first hand what it does to the children. The last time I had my ex arrested was he assaulted me again in front of our girls. I stood up to him and charged him. I got the courage to do that from my girls. I had to show them it was wrong. My ex had a young friend which ends up was his mistress contact me when he was arrested. She blamed me and thought what I did was so wrong. She said I don't deserve him. I told her I did it for my children. Well this young girl bailed him out of jail. I feel bad for this young girl cause now they live together. If she thinks what he did was ok, then she doesn't know the truth. And if she thinks it won't happen to her she is in for a suprise. I spoke to him recently to try and sort out custody. I expressed my concerns how his abusive behavior is affecting the children. He said to me "I am not abusive because I just abuse you". I was shocked and scared cause he just doesn't get it. That was when I changed the access to supervised visits only and put a no contact order in place. Domestic violence is a family cycle. My ex had a troubled childhood and has carried it forward. I will not allow my children to be the next generation! Although it hasn't been long I already see great changes in the kids and I. We love, laugh and live again.Laura du Toit2 months ago Thanks for your comment sd. I am sure that this will help to make people realize how serious thi problem is and also that it is posible to walk away from these kinds of relationships and start a better life for both yourself and your children. Wishing you the best of luck, love and laughter in the years to come! Congratulations on your courageous and life-changing decision!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites93Laura du ToitFrom South Africa299 Followers54 HubsJoined 15 months agoRead more hubs by Laura du ToitContact Laura du ToitFollow Laura du ToitSubscribe to Laura du Toit's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Laura du Toit a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsDo backlinks from pages with low PR that are contained in domains with high PR help my page's PR?asked by japtaker 32 hours ago3 answersAnswer this questionWhat is the speed of dark?asked by workingmomwm 2 weeks ago11 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsFaces of Domestic Violence  Precious the Movieby Money GlitchWhat You Should Know About Domestic Physical Abuseby Laura du ToitDomestic violence against men: the hidden side of spousal...by EmpressFelicityA Violent Marriage - Domestic Abuseby Sue AdamsDomestic Violence - Elder Abuseby RedElfDomestic Violence - Are You A Victim of Abuse?by RedElf Domestic Abuse ForumTopicRepliesWhat do you do when somebody you love is in a bad situation?posted by Abbasangel9Social Net working or just a better way to Cheat???posted by mizzjanique296MY BEING A SINGLE WOMEN WITH A DAUGHTER IS IT A SHAME???posted by dock2416Post a new topic3 more topics Tagsstress depression domestic violence eating disorders parenthood abusive relationships Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.335 sec)  working