Detective's Cold Case: Sharon Marshall & Michael HughesHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesCrime and Law EnforcementCrimeDetective's Cold Case: Sharon Marshall & Michael HughesDetective's Cold Case: Sharon Marshall & Michael Hughes84rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy AquaDetectives Want to Know - Who Were Sharon Marshall and Michael Hughes?Detectives are trying to solve this cold case - maybe you can help.Blonde, blue-eyed, beautiful and blessed with a bubbly personality - the quintessential girl next door. That was Sharon Marshall. She was also very intelligent, an avid reader near the top of her high school class, listed in Who's Who of American High School Students, a Lt. Colonel in the ROTC and she had earned a full scholarship to Georgia Tech University where she planned to study aerospace engineering. Sharon proudly graduated from high school in Forest Park, GA in 1986.Only her name wasn't really Sharon Marshall - she didn't know what her real name was. Nor did she know who her parents were or even what day, month, year or in which city or state she was born. It is thought that Sharon was born sometime in the late 1960's although no one knows for sure because Sharon had been kidnapped when she was just a toddler, probably sometime between 1973-1975.Franklin Delano Floyd, a psychopath, sexual predator and convicted felon, abducted and raised Sharon as his own daughter while posing as her ailing father, all the while sexually abusing her from a very young age. Floyd would later claim that he had "rescued" Sharon when she was unwanted and abandoned by her biological parents. The first known public record of Sharon exists in 1975 in an Oklahoma City school where she was registered under the alias "Suzanne Davis".SUZANNE DAVIS - 1975 "Suzanne Davis"A BEAUTIFUL CHILD - Excellent True CrimeA Beautiful ChildAmazon Price: $4.04List Price: $7.99Sharon's good natured personality and good grades ultimately worked against her. Although she had few friends and sometimes dressed inappropriately, no one was suspicious of the young lady who had to be home by 4:30 p.m. everyday to help her sick father or wondered why she moved so often that she was in the fourth school in a single year during her high school career. If anyone did get curious and questioned her about the whereabouts of her mother, Sharon would explain that when she was a young girl her mother had died of cancer or she was known to tell others, her mother had died in a fatal car accident. When the questions became too probing or intense Floyd and Sharon would pick up and move to places like Oklahoma City, Louisville, Atlanta, Phoenix, Tampa, New Orleans and Tulsa.It is known that upon her graduation Sharon moved to Phoenix, AZ.  Sometime during the next couple of years Floyd and Sharon moved to Tampa, FL where she gave birth to a baby boy on March 21, 1988 using the alias "Tonya Dawn Tadlock". She subsequently named the baby Michael Anthony Hughes and it is thought she used the last name Hughes because at the time, Floyd was using the aliases Charles Hughes and Clarence Marcus Hughes although, he also used many other aliases over the span of his criminal career. The natural assumption is that Floyd was Michael's biological father, however, this theory was disproved with DNA test results in the 1990's.Sharon Marshall & Michael Hughes Sharon MarshallMichael HughesFranklin Delano Floyd Floyd in the 70'sFloyd in 2002DEATH ROW - Current Mug Shot During this time period, Sharon began to work as an exotic dancer, her dreams of studying aerospace engineering by now a distant memory. Sharon made friends with Cheryl Ann Commesso, 19, an exotic dancer who worked at the same club. Cheryl was beaten and killed by two shots to the back of the head in 1989. She was dumped along Florida Interstate 275 and for a long time was known simply as "Jane Doe I-275". Soon after, Floyd and Sharon left Florida and shortly after that, the trailor they had occupied burned to the ground.In yet another twist to this stranger than fiction story, Sharon and Floyd were married in 1989 in New Orleans under the aliases Clarence Marcus Hughes and Tonya Dawn Tadlock. Floyd and Sharon, along with Michael, then headed to Oklahoma.In April of 1990 Sharon was killed in a suspicious hit and run accident while both she and Floyd were being sought in connection with Cheryl Ann Commesso's murder investigation. Floyd remains the primary suspect in the hit and run that killed his daughter/wife.After his mother's death, when DNA test results proved conclusively that Floyd was not Michael's biological father, Floyds visitation rights were terminated and Michael was put into foster care. His foster parents, who had begun formal adoption proceedings, reported that when he first came to them Michael was non-verbal, had limited muscle control and often exhibited hysterical behavior. While in their care, however, Michael apparently made great progress.In the final twist to this bizarre and sad story, Michael was kidnapped by Floyd from Indian Meridian Elementary School in Choctaw, OK on September 12, 1994. He held school officials at gunpoint and forced Michael and the school principal into the principal's pick-up truck. Eventually Floyd let the principal go, basically unharmed but traumatized, tied to a tree. Young Michael was never seen again. Floyd was arrested two months later in Kentucky where hesteadfastedly refused to give any information as to Michael'swhereabouts. Floyd claimed Michael was out of the country or possiblyin the Atlanta, GA area. However, multiple witnesses have come forwardsaying Floyd confessed to them that he murdered Michael by drowning himin a bathtub, somewhere in the Atlanta area. Still other witnesses saythey saw Floyd bury Michael's' body in a grave. Floyd was tried andsentenced to 55 yrs in prison for Michael's kidnapping.Some timelater, a mechanic working on Floyd's old pick-up truck, which had beenauctioned, discovered a multitude of photos wedged over the gas tank.The explicit photographs clearly proved Sharon had been subjected tosexual abuse her entire life. In addition, photos showing Cheryl AnnCommesso beaten and bound and sitting on the sofa in Floyd's oldtrailor in Florida, were discovered along with photos of other females.These photographs were used as evidence against Floyd in the Commessomurder trial in 2002 where he was later convicted and sent to deathrow. After Sharon's death, upon further investigation intoFloyd's background, investigators learned that he was a career criminalwho had first been arrested at the age of 17 in a gunfight with lawenforcement during a burglary. Floyd was also arrested for abductingand raping a young woman at a bowling alley in 1962. All told, Floydhas admitted to convicting at least 19 felonies.Floyd has notbeen convicted of either Sharon or Michael's murders but is still underinvestigation for both crimes. He has a documented history ofschizophrenia, was raised by two alcoholic parents and at some pointwas turned over to an orphanage by his mother who never came back toretrieve him. Floyd's defense attorneys presented these facts in hisdefense at his trials in an attempt to solicit sympathy from the juries.Franklin Delano Floyd now sits on death row at the Union Correctional Institution in Raiford, FL. Sadly,Michael Hughes has never been located and is presumed dead. His mother"Sharon Marshall" still remains unidentified and is buried in Choctaw,OK.Court TV Profile on the Sharon Marshall, Franklin Delano Floyd Cold CaseReal Name: UnknownKnown aliases:Sharon Marshall (most commonly used alias)Suzanne Davis (mostly when she was a young child)Tonya HughesTonya Dawn TadlockReal Name: Franklin Delano FloydKnown Aliases:Charles HughesClarence Marcus HughesTrenton DavisWarren Judson MarshallPreston MorganKingfish FloydIf you have any information about Michael or Sharon, please contactthe Choctaw, OK Police Department or the Federal Bureau ofInvestigation.A BEAUTIFUL CHILD - THE STORY OF SHARON MARSHALL, paperback, hardback, KindleA Beautiful ChildAmazon Price: $4.04List Price: $7.99MORE ABOUT SHARON'S STORYIf you found this case interesting and would like to learn more about Sharon and Michael and this fascinating case, Ihighly recommend author Matt Birkbeck's terrific book  " A Beautiful Child". It's one of the best true crime stories I have ever read.  Warning:  once you pick it up, you won't be able to put it down until you've finished reading it!What do you think? Will Sharon's true identity ever be known? Yes NoSee results without votingCold Case: Camilla "Cam" LymanDetective's Cold Case: Camilla "Cam" LymanCamilla Lymans' story is another interesting true crime mystery. Camilla, otherwise known as "Cam", was born into a wealthy family and lived a life of privilege, but that didn't save her from a very untimely murder - one that has never been solved. Source: http://www.lemonberrystudios.comCherry QuartzSource: Lemonberry StudiosSilver HoopsSource: Lemonberry StudiosCopper & Black OnyxSource: Lemonberry StudiosLooking for Affordable Jewelry? Check Out Lemonberry Studios!Lemonberry Studios designs beautiful and affordable jewelry. Theyspecialize in working with vibrant gemstones and flattering neutralsand they also do custom design work!vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome Beautiful Cold Cases: Detective's Cold Case: Camilla "Cam" LymanCommentsCarmella Diaz2 years ago I just read the book  It was very well written The book left me feeling so very hurt for this young woman who never had the chance to reach her goals and dreams. And than to find out that she never knew who she really was.  How very sad. How could someone do this.Shelly2 years ago I have to wonder where did he get her???? Is is possible that her family did abandon her, I mean it seems no one is looking for her,..but the ones who are looking to find out who she really is...so sad,..Tab2 years ago I read this book in my senior year of high school, at Forest Park high School where 'Sharon' attened 21 years prior. What a life to live. Interestingly, one of my grandmother's aunts work at the Orphnage that Floyd was raised in. It hits really close to home. I hope that one day all of our question will be answered. dee2 years ago It is possible with little technology in those days that her parents looked for years, with no avail, then again, they could be deceased by now....I believe she was kidnapped from somewhere......away from where she grew up......as for poor Michael, who knows what he endured during his life....I believe he is dead cuz he was a witness.....Rachel2 years ago I just read the book and I am broken hearted I have 2 little boys and since I read started this book I can not stop hugging them and praising god that it was not my child. I also am just blown away that some moster like that just ruined peoples lives and they will never know just how many people he hurt or killed. The book was very well writen but I became so inraged while reading I could not stop and I guess I just wanted them to find the boy!Aqua2 years ago Thanks for the comments!This case is so intriguiing because there are so many mystery elements.If Floyd would just realize that he's going to die in prison, maybe he would answer some of the questions like - who was Sharon and where did she come from?What happened to Michael?And on and on.Unfortunately, I don't think that will ever happen.  Floyd's is a hardened criminal with absolutely no desire for redemption. jude2 years ago ive just finished this book, it was truly unbelievable. I read loads of true crime books and there arn't many that play on my mind even after Ive finished the book but this is one of them. So, so sad, how could one man be allowed to get away with all this hurt and misery. I was particularly saddened to see that Sharons real identity has never been found out, I truly hope one day it will be.Sal Walker2 years ago Interesting, but check out what is going to happen to Jesse Martin.Twila2 years ago Tab or Aqua if you could contact me I would appreciate it regarding some of this information.twila_wallace@msn.comJames2 years ago Am I the only male to have read the book?  Anyway, the book was very interesting and impossible to put down.  I just finished it last night and already am doing some "research" on the internet.  I was hoping her identity had been solved since the book was written....no luck there.  If anyone has any information or just wants to talk about "Sharon" give me a shout.... Jameswarren4@msn.comAqua2 years ago Yes, it does seem the vast majority of readers of true crime books are indeed women!  I don't know why that is.I'm with James - I hope that one day we'll know Sharon's true identity.Kimberley2 years ago He said that her face wasnt on any milk cartain anywhere,could it be possoble that her mother really had no means to find her,and,he wasnt the murdering type till years later,he would just always move,but still he new taking her was wronge.I still dont understand why she just didnt confind in someone,like her friend Jenifer.It is very sad.I too couldnt put the book down.Pore Micheal.and pore Sharon.He'll get whats coming to him on the otherside,I hope and pray he does.I lite a candle for sharon and Micheal today,with love,and a world of sorrys that she had to endur such painfull tragity.Rebecca2 years ago I believe Floyd probably murdered Sharon's real mother & took her. As regards to no-one looking for her, at the time when Sharon was kidnapped there wasn't the advertising & missing child agencies that there are today, indeed i believe things only started to change once John Walsh & his wife started campaining for more to be done after their son was adbucted & murdered. At the time Sharon would have been kidnapped there wouldn't have been any sort of alert across States. I think the poor girl never stood a chance & if there is such a place as hell then Floyd should burn there for eternity. Also, i believe Floyd probably killed numerous people over the years, we'll probably never know the true number.Rebecca2 years ago I believe Floyd probably murdered Sharon's real mother & took her. As regards to no-one looking for her, at the time when Sharon was kidnapped there wasn't the advertising & missing child agencies that there are today, indeed i believe things only started to change once John Walsh & his wife started campaining for more to be done after their son was adbucted & murdered. At the time Sharon would have been kidnapped there wouldn't have been any sort of alert across States. I think the poor girl never stood a chance & if there is such a place as hell then Floyd should burn there for eternity. Also, i believe Floyd probably killed numerous people over the years, we'll probably never know the true number.Kelly2 years ago I'm guessing Sharon's mother was estranged from her family. Perhaps she was young when she had Sharon and Sharon's father wasn't in the picture. Then when her mother was killed, no one was looking for her.  :(Ranee2 years ago I simply could not put this book down once I started reading it. So sad that Sharon never was able to get away from this monster. He is a first rate candidate for the electric chair...wish they'd bring it back to Florida. People like him make me realize that lethal injection is just too easy.Ranee2 years ago After commenting, I was doing a search and came across the following article which says a box containing evidence regarding this crime was lost.http://www.sptimes.com/2007/12/21/State/Box_of_murIt would be horrendous for him to be let off of death row! Jennifer2 years ago I just read this book and it is horrifying to read. All I read is true crime and i couldn't put it down.I don't understand why they did not exume her body if they questioned the vials of blood that were in the evidence room all those years. And then retest all of the dna samples that they received from various missing children and their family. Anyone want to talk. I have other true crime books that are very interesting that I can suggest for anyone to read.Mike2 years ago She looks like Janice Pockett abducted CT 1973David H.2 years ago I lived down the road from Micheal. I was only 8 but rember like it was yesterday. His foster parents watched me as a kid, they are wonderfull people. I will always pray for them. And hope for resulotion to this. Only God knows why. Kellee2 years ago Mike ~ From all that I've read, Janice Pockett was ruled out as being Sharon Marshall.Melissa2 years ago What a bastard. I mean...how could someone do such a thing. He must realize he is going to die in prison....so why not just tell the truth? Its makes no difference to his stay in jail at this point. There probably is a mother out there who has been wondering all these years if that was her daughter :(Mark2 years ago I actually met Sharon several times in the '80s and she was as remarkable as she is depicted in the book.  We corrsponded, and I treasure the letter from her that I still have.  She was warm, kind, and truly a remarkable girl.  Floyd will rest in Hell for what he did to her.Melanie2 years ago Mark I have been researching Sharon's case for about 3 yrs now and I was wondering if you could tell me more about Sharon we could email or just post here which ever. I have some questions.georgie2 years ago Just finished reading 'A Beautiful Child' and I am shocked and saddened at the life Sharon lived.  It is unbelievable that no-one ever came forward with her true identity.  Flloyd deserves to rot in hell.  Sharon and her son are in a better place -together forever.Sarah2 years ago I read the book in 2 days.  Although Sharon died when I was a freshman in high school I feel as though I have heard this story before.  I think that this man is smart enough to evade police and commit this unthinkinable crime then he is not mentally ill enough to die for it.  Anybody who takes a car and runs over somebody is cold and calculating.  I think this is a great example of our injustice system.  I believe he is even telling the truth and I believe her mother was a prostitute and kinda used that to his advantage in taking her. I also believe she is from the Chicago area where he was placed in 1974.  I believe Sharon was 3 or 4 when she was taken.  That is what I figure from all this.Carrie2 years ago I agree with you Sarah.  I think that if her mother was still alive she would be in Chicago or Indianapolis area.  He was there around the time she was abducted.  If she was alive, why isn't she looking for her?  Why isn't the police looking into his connections in those cities?KB2 years ago Mark, I would be really interested in talking to you. Please send your e-mail address to Aqua. Thx.spike 2 years ago i cant beleive that thier are people who could do such a thing and not feel bad what kind of monster are they. i pray for thier sould and may they rest in peace.Amy2 years ago I have two thoughts on this tragic case. Is it possible that Sharon was in foster care or some place like that when she was kidnapped? It also occurred to me that it is possible that The Mother was in jail on a long sentence ,A teen mom that got kicked out for being pregnant or as mentioned before a prostitute.I can easily see the Mother being a prostitute that Floyd or one of his criminal freinds murdered.In that photo with Floyd,Sharon looks so traumatized and sad. I just wondered if anyone had thought to check the Womens prisons and see if any long time prisoners were missing children.You often here women on documentaries say I have not seen my son since 1985 so if the child was put in foster care The mother may not even know she is missing.So many children fall through the cracks.the top one2 years ago I think a Preacher or Preist should be sent in to talk to floyd before he dies to see if he will give a confession.  May she rest in peaceshauna24 months ago I just read this book in less than a day my mom gave it to me while in hospitail. I was soooo upset to read in the end that Sharon still has no identity. I decided to goggle her name to see if since the book was done they found out who she was. My thought is that they should exhume the body get some DNA from the bones and go back ands compare to the DNA of the three possible identities listed in the book .This would rule out that the blood they used for DNA testing was Sharons. I also suspect that floyd killed Sharon in the hospital . Poor Micheal he had finally found someone to love him in his foster parents. May be he is still alive floyd seemed to move in some pretty bad circles. I could never imagine someone taking one of my children.Sunny24 months ago A truly horrible story. I read this book fascinated and disappointed there is actually no resolution to her identity. I was hoping to find it online. Does anyone know why the body was never exhumed for proper DNA testing? I also couldn't belive Floyd was allowed to keep the pictures of the girl being tortured just because he represented himself.Tammy24 months ago I have just finished this book after reading it in 2 days. I to am deeply sadened by this story. I was really expecting to find out Sharon's true identity. I cannot get her out of my head. Someone somewhere must know who she really is. There must be someone who remembers her. I made sure to say an extra prayer for Sharon and Michael last night after sitting up till midnight finishing the book, as I couldn't sleep till I was done. Turns out I couldn't sleep anyway as I couldn't get Sharon out of my mind. Still Can't. Would love to talk to anyone out there who wants to Chat about Sharon & the book.tammybraedyn@hotmail.comJudy Kuhlman23 months ago Sharon Marshall (real name unknown) was not buried in Choctaw, OK.  She is buried in Bartlesville, OK.  Some of her friends, fellow strippers and patrons of a Tulsa strip club collected money to bury her in a grave in Bartlesville under the name, Tonya, another alias that Floyd gave her.  Her story is surely a sad and horendous one.  One can only hope that Floyd gets what he deserves, even if it is through the Florida Department of Corrections.I was a reporter for the state's largest newspaper when I first started covering the stories of Tonya (or Sharon Marshall).  I cannot get her and her little boy off my mind.  I hope wherever they are, they are there together and are walking on streets of gold in heaven.  They deserve it after all they have been through.Georgana 23 months ago I think she looks alot like .....Katherine Mary Lyon MPCCN Case File: 51F70     Vital Statistics at Time of Disappearance Missing Since: March 25, 1975 from Wheaton, Maryland Classification: Endangered Missing Date Of Birth: March 29, 1964 Age: 10 years old Height and Weight: 4'8; 85 pounds Distinguishing Characteristics: Blonde hair; blue eyes.  Katherine has a birthmark inside her upper thigh.  Her nickname is "Kate." NCIC Number: M-605329953      Georgana23 months ago Look at photo here at time of disappearance and the picture here of alaias of Sharon Marshall ...my mail is georgana_bond@yahoo.comGeorgana23 months ago Look at photo here http://www.angelfire.com/mi3/mpccn/klyon.html at time of disappearance and the picture here of alaias of Sharon Marshall ...my mail is georgana_bond@yahoo.comDd23 months ago This is on sick and sad case to read about.  Sharon lived a life of hell but hid it for many years, keeping her secrets, which if she told could have mayb saved her an her sons life, but being afraid of that monster she called her father, she didnt let peep. That monster should rot in hell, he should atleast let sharon an michael rip an tell the police what really happened and who sharon really was, but by the sounds of things hes gunna take it to his grave. Pathetic bully!Dd23 months ago If anyone would like to chat heres my addy - ddgcsk8@yahoo.co.ukI really hope that monster talks more about sharon an michael an let everyone know what really went on instead of always thinking about himself! pervert!AnonYmous23 months ago Georgana, I agree, the date she disappeared and the photos, both as a child and age progressed, look a lot alike.  She is older than most people assume Sharon was but I hope someone still looks into it.  Age is hard to guess right in young children.This story has haunted me for years.  I hope we get some answers someday.KB23 months ago Sorry Georgana, but that is not her. I knew her well. Interesting thing is that atthe time I knew her, she acted like Floyd was her dad. I honestly think she didn't put 2 and 2 together until she got older. This has bothered me since I found out. Wondering why I did not see the signs. Floyd was an jerk and the way he acted all makes sense now. Who I knew as Sharon was the most beautiful woman I have ever met. She was full of life and had dreams. Her smile could light up a room. She was beautiful. JF22 months ago KB,You should contact me .....I have more then just these photos of Sharon Marshall.....jf22 months ago http://www.youtube.com/jeanneanne101jf22 months ago I am sure that Sharon frist Love was her only love something she most likely made of her own free will.....Holding that in her heart always....To keep the image of her as when her class-mates Knew her is most likely best left as it is....the photos on You-tube is that possibly someone might see them and can give more information to her truths....Allison Dennison22 months ago What a scary thing. It's crazy the kind of thing that go on in the world and sometimes very close to home.futonfraggle21 months ago Well, I know the title of the next book I'll be reading. Excellent hub. I never heard about this case before. Poor Michael. He finally had an opportunity to start a new life - only to be kidnapped by the same psychopath that ruined his life from day 1. Very sad.katrina21 months ago could it be possible that she is the that little girl sheri lynn missing from missouri do u know if they ever checked into thatLisa21 months ago Does anyone have an update on this case. I just finished the book and wondered if they found out who she originally was and if they found Michael?Thanks for any info.ch20 months ago does anybody know the name of the school she went to in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma in 1975?  I wonder if a teacher remembers her having an accent, foreign, southern, mid-western,etc.........................ch20 months ago is anyone talking to floyd in jail--wiretapping his cell?  i believe like most of you that her mother was prob. killed by floyd.  that she was young, prob. a prostitute.  The idea of her mother being encarcirated is interesting too.  maybe the mother gave her to him freely, she thought it would be better for whatever reason?  is sharons DNA being tested in the us databank.  what about a phsycid, does anyone know one that could de a reading of some sort? Could sharon be from another country? i did a search on the National Center for missing adn exploited children and looked at each state and i came up with a few possible matches...but sadly I do not think sharon is listed at all...Alabama-Christa lynn Carter ---missing 9/17/73--DOB--5/29/70California-Michelle Kelly Pulsifer--the police think parents had something to do with her being missing---missin-3/17/69---DOB-3/17/66Anna Christian Waters-taken-1/16/73---DOB--9/25/67MIssouri-Elizabeth Ann Gill--missing-6/13/65---DOB--8/21Sheri Lynn JOhnson and MIchael LLoyd JOhsnonsheri-dob-9/21/70michael--DOB-1/27/74both missing--11/10//74---------------------somebody has to remember something...somebody out there knows a small piece to this huge puzzle.-chscs20 months ago I agree with you ch-I was just looking at the picture of the Carter girl and wondering... It would make sense if it was a girl missing from the South, as Floyd would've been traveling from sisters house in SC to Texas during this time.ch20 months ago i emailed the nemec about this but nobody has gotten back to me.  I wonder if the detectives are even looking into this case.  They know that she is deceased and her son most likely is too.  And since they have the guy in jail, why search.  And I just don't get why anybody is not looking for this girl, friend, aunt, mother, sister, etc...  Doesn't she resemble someone?  I know it was a long time ago, but if I was a parent, relative of friend I'd search the web as much as I could.  I believe this case can be cracked, but the detectives have to work it.  And it needs more tv time.  Maybe if a teacher of her first school could say if she had an accent or not, that will tell a lot...she was from Oklahoma or she was not.  Certainly more can be done to give this girl her real name and family.-chCH20 months ago WOW, thanks for the update..I'm impressed!  Do you know what happened for the police to take the step do compare Sharon and Christina's DNA?  Do you know when the testing will be complete?Thanks again,chKB20 months ago I know as much as you do at this point in regards to Christina.amanda19 months ago http://www.nampn.org/cases/carter_christina.html i was just wondering could this be suzanna davis. they look so much a like when they were little and not that far of a distance. someone should check it out ty mandy_wv@yahoo.comAnonYmous19 months ago Most of the names suggested have been eliminated.  Check under Sharon Marshall in Myspace.  A list of eliminated names is listed under the blog.Also, for people who are doing their own searches, Sharon had blonde hair, consistently, so it wasn't likely dyed, and blue eyes.  Many of the names suggested have brown eyes.  Just something to keep in mind.Christina Carter, who I think looks the most like her, was not a DNA match.I think if no one is looking for her, she was born to a run away or someone with no contact with close family.  If she wasn't, I would expect her to be on the missing persons website.  Also, the sheer lack of clues about Michael shows that this asshole is completely capable of hiding someone where they would never be found.I hope with all my heart, we can find the answers to this sad story.Ron 19 months ago Matt Birkbeck, the author of A Beautiful Child, has gotten the National Center to do a DNA test between Sharon and Christina Carter. As of June 9, the results aren't in yetch18 months ago way to go matt b.  pls. keep us updated!! :)  we would all love an end to this sad mystery.  And the sheer knowledge of who she is, in my mind would PO Floyd.. and who doesn't want that to happen!ch18 months ago does Christina Carter have any other family members that would be looking for her?  who did they get the DNA from?  did any boby ever ask her primary school teachers if she had an accent? souther, new england, etc...?FindSharon18 months ago Dna results for Christina carter are not expected until sept 2009.ch18 months ago I meant to say were any of "Sharon's" teachers asked if the had an accent? KB17 months ago She did not have a accent.JustAsking17 months ago "that when he first came to them Michael was non-verbal, had limited muscle control and often exhibited hysterical behavior."Why was Sharon neglecting her own child? Was she the primary caretaker? Did she assist in murdering the other woman?Aqua17 months ago Remember, Sharon herself was an extremely abused child and adult, both mentally and physically. There was no stability in her life whatsoever - to the point of not even knowing who she was! Once she died, her son was thrown into all kinds of situations no child should ever have to go through and the result of this was the "acting out" type behavior that is typically displayed by abused kids. I don't think anyone can really understand what these two individuals had to endure at the hands of the monster that is Floyd.alie16 months ago there is a list of people that were rulled out as sharon janice was one of them including a girl from canada dna testing is being done on a missing ga ? not sure on location girl Christina carter dna results are suposed to be in by mid septemberTJ16 months ago I stumbled onto this site after looking up something unrelated. I knew Sharon Marshall personally because I went to high school with her in Forest Park. She graduated a year before me. She was a pretty and smart girl who did have big dreams. None of us that knew her had any clue as to the dark secrets she kept. I remember she was escorted to her senior prom by her 'father'. A few years ago I saw the 'A Baeutiful Child' book in a book store at Lenox Square in Atlanta and instantly recognized Sharon's picture on the cover. After reading the inside cover about the story, I could not bring myself to buy it. I wanted to remember her in a good way, the way I knew her.Luciendasky15 months ago This is a very interesting hub! I love reading about cold cases and I am glad you posted this information so that hopefully someday someone will be able to help solve it.creativeone5915 months ago Thank you I am a fan of cold case, forensic files and others. I hope the case be solved some day soon. thank you for sharing. creativeone59Aqua15 months ago Thank you. I also hope this case is solved one day soon.SunShineSnow15 months ago Excellent Hub. I have to get a copy of the book and read it. What I really want is answers like every one else. Has this story ever been broadcast by John Walsh. Someone somewhere must have answers. This lady was so close to my own age it saddens me to think had it been me or someone I knew would people stop looking.Aqua15 months ago SSS - Yes, if you like true crime, or even just think you might want to know more about this case, definitely pick up the book - it's a great read.becky13 months ago I went to high school with her I can't believe it.  I was in ROTC class with her.  She never let on to what horrors were hidden at home.Eileen Hughes12 months ago What a shocking story, we take our own lives for granted sometimes until you hear something like this.  Thanks for sharing.I watch all the cold cases on TVHaley9 months ago This story has haunted me ever since i read the book(like 3 times). Sharon was such a beatiful girl and could have had so much going for her in her future if that monster wouldn't have done her the way he did. I hope someday there will be an end to this mystery and her true idenity will be found out.margie8 months ago I think she may have never been reported missing, because her mother may have been murdered.ch6 months ago I wish John Walsh would do another show, but only on missing people.  Starting with Sharon' story....Maybe if a movie was made of this sad, sick story someone might remember something.  Or maybe come forward finally and say something.  Is there any reward money for information?  What about a proven psychic(s) to review the case?ch6 months ago Can someone age-regress a photo of Sharon?PJ 3 months ago The first  picture of Sharon looks similar to Michelle Pulsifer, The girl in the little blue dress.If Michelle was a tiny girl she could have passed as younger than she really was.ch3 months ago Her mother said that her husband, Michelle's step-father killed her.  Matt Burbeck is supposed to come out with more information on Sharon Marshall.  FB Matt B. and ask for an update on Sharon.LM6 weeks ago PJ-  Investigator's should really look into that theory! Michelle was born in 1966 so the time line matches up!lo3 weeks ago Christina Lynn CarterMissing since September 17, 1973 from Hueytown, AlabamaClassification: Her mother was found mudered.  The Doe Network: Case File 2528DFAL. blonde hair with blue eyes. was 3 yrs old at the time of abduction.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites92AquaFrom California360 Followers48 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by AquaContact AquaFollow AquaSubscribe to Aqua's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Aqua a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsShould Capital Punishement Be an Option for criminals like the one who kidnapped Jaycee and kept herasked by DancingRedFeather 16 months ago7 answersAnswer this questionWill Harry Reid be defeated by Sharon Angle in Nevada for US Senate?asked by Dr Ken Romeo 2 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsDetective's Cold Case: Camilla "Cam" Lymanby AquaMurderous Children: 11 Year Old Serial Killer Mary Bellby Antonia MonacelliA True Mystery in Granada / Kathy knows who did it.by jantamayaAt Large-Crimes Against Children-Part 10by Froggy213ASPIRING AUTHORS: BE AWARE OF AMERICAN BOOK PUBLISHING!by cjv123Adam Walsh, Never forgotten...by Julie2 Crime ForumTopicRepliesWould you be willing to share your knowledge of gangs?posted by blondey5trucks and you ,the us and them syndrome.posted by el lobo1"WikiLeaks' Assange complains he's victim of leaks": Yahoo!posted by fishskinfreak200820Post a new topic52 more topics Tagscrime police mystery murder detective true crime Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.807 sec)  working