Dear Dr. Laura, Why Can't I Own Canadians As Slaves? // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 210Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 72Corporations or politicians hurting America? 12The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 05, 2011| 124 commentsDear Dr. Laura, Why Can't I Own Canadians As Slaves?source: http://www.commondreams.org/further/2011/01/03-3An error occurred while setting up video display.kennymotown added thisPicking and choosing your favorite Bible speak gets so many of these whacks' in trouble, a very funny article on Dr. Laura I'm sure you will enjoy!groups:News, current cult, Progressive America, Current Democrats, Unexplained, out-there, The 4,000 Club 3 moretags:recommended by:pjacobs51 |124 comments// Dear Dr. Laura, Why Can't I Own Canadians As Slaves?hide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+1dkl165Pure awesomeness! That is a hilarious response! 3 days agoflag  reply+6musicjohnnyOk, this shows such a lapse in the thinking of religious people AND non-religious people, and here's what I mean by that: the whole thing with the Biblical books of law like Leviticus and Numbers and Deuteronomy (where all the ideas stated in the letter come from) were a way to "get right" with God in ancient times. If you followed the laws, you were good to go. Then later on, Jesus came and (the Christians believe) died for the sins of all mankind and formed a new covenant that says that through accepting God as your savior and asking for forgiveness you are forgiven, not through animal sacrifice or any of the other redemptive methods and laws from the ancient books of law. Now here's where it gets weird: for some reason it's now totally excepted for people to pick and choose what ancient laws and practices they do and don't adhere to. Obviously we don't worry about planing two crops in the same field or eating certain foods....but some still choose to take the part on homosexuals at face value.If people really knew their history and theology rather than blindly picking verses to follow (or not follow) religious people would realize that those ancient laws aren't binding anymore, and non-religious people wouldn't feel that religious people believe insane things. That seems like it would simplify a lot of things. 3 days agoflag  reply-3Vierotchka  musicjohnny:Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil. --Matthew 5:17Therefore, those ancient laws are still binding. 3 days agoflag  reply0ImConcerned  musicjohnny:bravo. thumbs up 3 days agoflag  reply+1musicjohnny  Vierotchka:Ok, that verse is being taken a bit out of context in that Jesus was speaking about the law and prophesies of the prophets such as Moses who were technically part of a second covenant with man. That second covenant was when the Jews were freed from captivity and marked their new covenant with God via circumcision...which I'm not going to really talk about haha. But I'm sure you know how that all works. But anyway there have been three covenants with God: the first via the law, the second via circumcision, and the third being through the death of Jesus as the ultimate sacrifice for the sins of humanity. When Jesus said that in Matthew he was specifically referring to the law of Moses (like the 10 commandments) and saying how he was there to fulfill the prophecy of his birth and death and create a new covenant. 2 days agoflag  reply+1EvilDoerGreat post.  Thank you! 4 days agoflag  reply+3sarasarasaraGREATEST. RESPONSE. EVER. :)Thanks for the glorious laugh. 4 days agoflag  reply+2VierotchkaI remember reading this a couple or so years ago, thanks for posting a link to it. 4 days agoflag  reply+9dudefromtherockAmerica, you are the slaves to a corrupt, evil, government controlled by multi-national corporations.A crumbling empire. A proud Canadian...peace out. 4 days agoflag  reply+6dudefromtherock  dudefromtherock:Watch this series and hang your head in shame 4 days agoflag  reply-5JohnA  dudefromtherock:Yeah, and your beer sucks. 4 days agoflag  reply0jubal  dudefromtherock:@dudefromtherock Can you post the link to the actual video so I can go download it? I would really appreciate it. 4 days agoflag  reply+1dudefromtherock  jubal:The series is titled "Evidence of Revision". It's a 6 part series with a total time of 8 hours.A must see for those who want to know the truth behind the American Government and it's agenda. When I saw the joke about enslaving Canadians I thought about part 6. Watch it with horror at your countries recent past, then tell me there should be any joking about enslaving people. http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/evidence-of-revision/ 4 days agoflag  reply+2dudefromtherock  JohnA:Okay you have a corrupt, fascist, police state of a country and we have bad beer. Nice. 4 days agoflag  reply-3Vierotchka  dudefromtherock:What on earth does this video have to do with the topic at hand? 4 days agoflag  reply-2Vierotchka  jubal:Jubal, you'll find the whole series on google video: http://tinyurl.com/36s6398 4 days agoflag  reply0a619ko  dudefromtherock:Don't worry, Canada is on the same train. And I liked that video. 4 days agoflag  reply0sarasarasara  dudefromtherock:"America, you are the slaves to a corrupt, evil, government controlled by multi-national corporations.A crumbling empire."I'm guessing you're saying this to people on this message board who would disagree with you, but I hope you know that most Americans would more than likely agree! 4 days agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  a619ko:Really? Not a chance. This coming from a country where it's general populace believe we live in igloos. 4 days agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  sarasarasara:you're right...guess I didn't appreciate the joke at our expense ;P 4 days agoflag  reply+2dudefromtherock  Vierotchka:This video may offer an answer. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhTZ_tgMUdo&feature=related 4 days agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  dudefromtherock:Yes, the US population is pretty dumb, but that was a highly edited segment.  ;)  Very funny though. 4 days agoflag  reply+1MrMxyzptlk  dudefromtherock:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_TfBbR6L0MSuck it hosehead! 4 days agoflag  reply0CalgarC  JohnA:and your brain sucks... 3 days agoflag  reply0CalgarC  jubal:google flashgot... its a plugin for Firefox, you can rip flash content from anywhere... the icon will show up on the bottom corner of firefox and you click it and it magically downloads things :D 3 days agoflag  reply+1dudefromtherock  MrMxyzptlk:Kick to the groin...Ameri-puke   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-M06kWJeto&feature=related 3 days agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  dudefromtherock:Holy crap, that guy was a history professor?  LOL 3 days agoflag  reply0sarasarasara  dudefromtherock:I'm sorry - I'm not sure what you mean by this? 3 days agoflag  reply+2Varex_Sythe  JohnA:Yeah, Canadian's might have bad beer, but I'm pretty sure that producing piss like Coors and Budweiser really doesn't do anything to help show the superiority of beer from the United States... 3 days agoflag  reply-3MrMxyzptlk  dudefromtherock:So a bunch of lying canuk chickies go on a college campus and ask a bunch of stoned liberals bullshit questions about Canada?  These people don't know shit about shit to begin with why expect them to know anything about the frozen wasteland to the north?  Besides, who give a shit about Canada anyhow?  What have those beer swilling hockey nuts done for the world that makes them relevent? 3 days agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  Varex_Sythe:The swill they pass off as beer is a joke, you're not kidding. 3 days agoflag  reply+4dudefromtherock  MrMxyzptlk:Your statement confirms everything I have been saying.....idiot. 3 days agoflag  reply+1dudefromtherock  EdJoyProductions:Indeed... can't beat the education system in the good ole USA, eh? ;P 3 days agoflag  reply0FtheBULLSHT  dudefromtherock:Don't get it twisted, you guys obviously live in teepees. 3 days agoflag  reply0dkl165  dudefromtherock:Dude, what's with the useless America bashing... take off eh! 3 days agoflag  reply+1dudefromtherock  FtheBULLSHT:Rather that than living in a police state...don't forget to report anything suspicious the next time you drop by Walmart now. 3 days agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  dkl165:Well hey aren't you guys the tops at bashing your own country? Pardner! 3 days agoflag  reply0FtheBULLSHT  dudefromtherock:They gave me a gift card for all the suspicious activity I've reported.  I heard I'm in the top 25 around the nation for reports of suspicious activity. 3 days agoflag  reply+1dudefromtherock  FtheBULLSHT:You're a fine American...now you can use that card to buy some ammo for your shotgun.Never know when some "tarrorists" might be lurking around yer neighbourhood. 3 days agoflag  reply-1FtheBULLSHT  dudefromtherock:Your telling me!  Just stocked up on ammunition because there's some brown people who live below me, I'm not sure if they're Middle Eastern or Mexican but either way they're a threat, AM I RITE? 3 days agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  FtheBULLSHT:I think you should have other things on your mind...check this out. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k679FjX8-PI&feature=player_embedded 3 days agoflag  reply+1ImConcerned  dudefromtherock:i'd move to canada if it wasnt so fuggin cold... im curious, whats your view on canadas health system. good, bad, what? 3 days agoflag  reply0FtheBULLSHT  dudefromtherock:Voice is too annoying couldn't get past the first 10 seconds. 3 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  dudefromtherock:Anna Jameson, a Canadian writer, had this to say about her homeland..."The cold narrow minds, the confined ideas, the by-gone prejudices of the society are hardly conceivable; books there are none, nor music, and as to pictures! the Lord deliver us from such! The people do not know what a picture is." 2 days agoflag  reply-2Vierotchka  MrMxyzptlk:Nah, she was just talking about herself and her inbred family. 2 days agoflag  reply0dkl165  dudefromtherock:You're assuming I come from the united states. One doesn't have to come from yankee doodle land to be offended by your useless bashing of Americans. They smartened up, they got a good president in office, give them some slack. 2 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  Vierotchka:Which are Canadians...  Which proves my point. 2 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  dudefromtherock:Feeling jelous that your so called nation isn't doing anything significant enough to be noticed by the evil doers of the world?  While I don't think "they" hate us for our freedom they do hate us for being involved in the world around us, which is not something Canada can say for itself. 2 days agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  MrMxyzptlk:Whatever you are smoking I want some! 2 days agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  dkl165:Wherever you are from it's obvious you are clueless. 2 days agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  MrMxyzptlk:blah blah blah move on already you God Damn Americans are all alike...I took exception to the joke about enslaving us. You people are the slaves, suck it up .End of conversation. 2 days agoflag  reply+1dudefromtherock  ImConcerned:Great question! It's not perfect, the biggest problem with it would certainly be the long waiting times for operations and such. Having said that my gf just had a life saving operation and if it were in your country it would cost 20k or more. Here it's free ;P 2 days agoflag  reply+2dudefromtherock  Vierotchka:Here's a little something for you....Redneck :Originally used in reference to poor, white farmers, Redneck is historically a derogatory slang term to refer to working class Southerners in the United States.[1] It is similar in meaning to "cracker" (especially regarding Georgia and Florida), "hillbilly" (especially regarding Appalachia)[2] and "white trash"( wherever Vierotchka lives). 2 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  dudefromtherock:I'm on Vicoden for the kidney stones I am passing.  Sorry, can't share.  I've only got 12 of the lovely little white pills and I will need every one of them before the damned gravel is all gone. 1 day agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  dudefromtherock:Slaves?  That's harsh.  True.  But harsh.  You sure are an emotional canuck.  That's not normal.  You need to watch more hockey and get your anger out at the rink.  We Americans are supposed to be the angry assholes.  Not you. 1 day agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  MrMxyzptlk:It doesn't prove your point at all - she and her family are the exception which proves the rule. 1 day agoflag  reply-2Vierotchka  ImConcerned:It is getting warmer and warmer, you might be able to move there soon. 1 day agoflag  reply-2Vierotchka  dudefromtherock:You haven't said anything I didn't know already. 1 day agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  MrMxyzptlk:Is the health care in your area so primitive that it doesn't have extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy equipment to rapidly and painlessly break down kidney stones into powder so that they can be passed out with the urine? 1 day agoflag  reply0dkl165  dudefromtherock:The only thing that is obvious to me is that if you think Rick Mercer's little spiel on talking to Americans was 100% authentic, then you obviously live on a rock. 1 day agoflag  reply0dkl165  dudefromtherock:I'm also quite certain that you couldn't rattle off all the useless facts about the United States. I certainly couldn't rattle off ALL of the state capitols. Most Canucks often guess wrong the capital of Australia. I don't think many could either correctly say who is the current prime minister of Australia without googling it. At the end of the day, does it really matter? 1 day agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  Vierotchka:Dispensing medical advise without a licence again are you?  Tell me, what is the proper use of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy on a stage five renal failure patient when the stone size is too small to see on a CT scan without contrast dye? 1 day agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  dkl165:Oh... 1 day agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  dkl165:...dear! 1 day agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  MrMxyzptlk:Nope, I just asked a simple question which you chose to not answer. 1 day agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  dkl165:It does not ... the point I was trying to make was in response to the posting.Everyone here was joking about enslaving Canadians, which I took offense too. Adieu. 1 day agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  dkl165:lol as a matter of fact I do. Hence the name ;P 1 day agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  Vierotchka:Well cool you're admitting you're a redneck. 1 day agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  MrMxyzptlk:Yes and you should buy more guns and ammo...even your politicians are getting killed. 1 day agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  MrMxyzptlk:try marijuana ...less side effects, trust me ;P 1 day agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  dudefromtherock:By no means am I making such an admission, I do not fit the profiles at all. 1 day agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  Vierotchka:So, do you always preface simple questions with an accusation of medical incompetance?  "Is the health care in your area so primitive..." seems a tad on the rude side for a simple question.  What's the matter Vier?  You don't know the answer to the question?  Maybe that's why the ER doc gets to put the MD after his name and you don't.  For your information contrast dye is very hard on the kidneys and when your fucntion is below ten percent as mine is they only use contrast dye in the most dire of circumstances.  The CT scan therfore was more to rule out any possible, but unlikely, intestinal problems while verifying his initial diagnosis of kidney stones which he then saw were small enough to likely pass without the risk to my health of contrast dye to pinpont the location so they could do the lithotripsy procedure.But if you think your medical skills are better than his by all means I will forward your contact information to him so you two can have a little chat about my health.  I'm sure he would love to hear your point of view on the matter. 1 day agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  dudefromtherock:Well we have so damn many of them, we can loose a few now and again without it hurting too much. 1 day agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  dudefromtherock:Oh I self medicated with the ganja back in the bad old days.  I was heavily self medicated in those days.  However pot for the pain of passing a kidney stone is a far second place to the bliss that only a vicoden can bring.  Given my choice I will always fly the freindly skies with Captain V. 1 day agoflag  reply+2ThatCrazyLibertarianI wouldn't mind watching Sidney Crosby scrub toilets for a season. 4 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  ThatCrazyLibertarian:That would be waste of fine Hockey talent! 4 days agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarian  kennymotown:Payback for last year's Olympic hockey final. 4 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  ThatCrazyLibertarian:Oh, yes indeed! 4 days agoflag  reply0CalPal  ThatCrazyLibertarian:Your just mad because Canada is the global superpower of Hockey. :D 3 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  CalPal:I guess that is why little Switzerland beat Canada!http://nbcsports.msnbc.com/id/11409414/ 3 days agoflag  reply+2NickerBocker09Can I have a canadian slave that has eaten canadian bacon or must I kill em???? O.o 4 days agoflag  reply+7EdJoyProductionsI want Rushhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7DFsBcVMDA 4 days agoflag  reply+4kennymotown  EdJoyProductions:That's not fair, a whole band. For a minute I thought you were talking about old Lintball, my goodness my head was spinning on what you would do with that ditto head, Joy. 4 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  EdJoyProductions:Thats a great song :) 4 days agoflag  reply+3EdJoyProductions  kennymotown:Ewwwww!  No way.  Jabba the Rush is not Canadian.....  Or is he?  Has anyone seen his birth certificate?! 4 days agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  bailey78:I know.  They all are . 4 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  EdJoyProductions:I didn't think he was! 4 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  EdJoyProductions:i think He wants The band Rush they be from the great white north. 4 days agoflag  reply+2Chupallama  EdJoyProductions:Maybe he's Kenyadian??? 4 days agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  Chupallama:Clever.  :)  Nice puppy pic 4 days agoflag  reply+4Itsbatman_Durri got dibs on shatner 4 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  Itsbatman_Durr:OK, I get dibs on Mike Meyer. 4 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78  Itsbatman_Durr:Thats fine I'm calling dibs on pamela anderson :) I knew there was a upside to the T.S.A. scanners:) 4 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78Hey! If they let you have a Canadian Slave then I want one two. 4 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  bailey78:No bailey78, No! 4 days agoflag  reply+3remannsIf you enslave-up a hot Canadian for me,....I will happily handle the abomination of eating shellfish for you. Deal ?Thats me, taking on the sins of the worlds shellfish; I'm a giver ! 4 days agoflag  reply+8littlwarriorI wouldn't want a Canadian slave, not that I have anything against Canadians, its just that Canada has a halfway decent education system so any slave from Canada would be too smart to be a good slave. they would be running away left and right, we would have to conquer Canada once a week just to get our slaves back, and if the war of 1812 taught us anything its that invading Canada does not go well for us. 4 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  littlwarrior:Those slippery Canucks! 4 days agoflag  reply+1littlwarrior  kennymotown:I know right, the whiley folks would make terrible slaves. 4 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  littlwarrior:I'm OK with being a "stupid master",....can I have your cut of Canadians ?I'll take care of those sinful shellfish issues for you ! 4 days agoflag  reply+1littlwarrior  remanns:You can have my Canadians if I can have your Mexicans. 4 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  littlwarrior:Don't worry,.....THEY will come to you ! 4 days agoflag  reply+2BazingaBy the same logic, can't I then take Americans as slaves? 4 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  Bazinga:Why yes you can! 4 days agoflag  reply+2littlwarrior  Bazinga:only if we don't get you first, but then again it might be ok for a slave to have a slave. 4 days agoflag  reply+2BrushwithDeathToothpaste  Bazinga:Only if you take Dr. Laura 4 days agoflag  reply0Bazinga  BrushwithDeathToothpaste:Ugh, no thank you. Who'd want her? 3 days agoflag  reply+3CalPalHahahahaha, what a laugh! XDAnd thank god us Canadians aren't slaves... :D 4 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  CalPal:Watch out, according to the Bible we can enslave you! Or just maybe your a corporate slave already, Never mind! 4 days agoflag  reply+2CalPal  kennymotown:We're slaves to Tim Hortons, but that's about it, really. 4 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  CalPal:Donuts and coffee? 4 days agoflag  reply+1Chupallama  CalPal:It's all about the double-double, man! 4 days agoflag  reply0CalPal  Chupallama:You know it!Although personally, I'm more of a chocolate milk fan... ;) 4 days agoflag  reply-16ayipisthank god there is religion..it gives you guys something to do..I mean for someone who DOES NOT BELIEVE..you guys cling to religion like a tick clings to a host..so ah........what else do you guys do??LOL 4 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  ayipis:Look out the Giant man in the sky might smite you! Oh never mind it's just a flying saucer! 4 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  ayipis:This should clear up your diluted mind......http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0oG7lGJ3SRNRRoButJXNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTE1NnFnNTFrBHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMQRjb2xvA2FjMgR2dGlkA0FDQlkwNF8xNDc-/SIG=11v14jk3t/EXP=1294348041/**http%3a//www.history.com/shows/ancient-aliens 4 days agoflag  reply+15CarlosIsDown  ayipis:You're the one that goes around getting all those gay pictures... I mean for hating homosexuals, you sure cling to it like a... what are those things... insects that hold on real hard to animals?. For hating liberals, you sure are on a liberal site... a lot. 4 days agoflag  reply+5mitekillem  ayipis:I thoroughly enjoy pwning imbeciles. :D 4 days agoflag  reply+5unimatrix0  ayipis:We laugh at ignorant, disgusting conservative trolls that are constantly voted down.Why do you spend so much time on a web site where the vast majority considers you to be a complete and utter idiot worthy only of contempt? 4 days agoflag  reply0jubal  ayipis:idiots abound 4 days agoflag  reply+3KSirysI own CalgarC....  i thought we settled this last year!?  Do i have to start bidding for him again?? 4 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  KSirys:He, he! I'm sure my friend from Canada will get a kick out of this article! 4 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotownI guess we aren't done with Dr. Laura yet! 4 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick Latest News Wyatt Earp SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10Imran Khan: Pakistan is 'going down' more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Watch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  8 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  17 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  25 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 Incredulous commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  2 hours ago"When it comes to terrorism, we should err on the side of protecting the American people," Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement."Well they got the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog