Murder of John P. Wheeler Connected to Mass Bird Deaths? // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 210Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 72Corporations or politicians hurting America? 12The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 05, 2011| 88 commentsMurder of John P. Wheeler Connected to Mass Bird Deaths?source: http://TalkingSkull.comAn error occurred while setting up video display.Billy_Tarter added thisLast week, a celebrated and influential Pentagon insider and defense contractor was found dead in New Jersey. The body of John P. Wheeler was discovered as a garbage truck dumped its load at a landfill. The death has been ruled a homicide, and thus far the investigators who are piecing together the case have offered no clear motive or reason for his mysterious murder.In seemingly unrelated news, there has been a sudden die-off of birds and fish in the southern United States that has a lot of people talking about the apocalypse. First 5,000 blackbirds plummeted to the earth in Arkansas, littering the ground with their corpses and even hitting passers-by. Then a few days later, 500 red-winged blackbirds and starlings were found dead in nearby Louisiana. And 80,000 drum fish died in an Arkansas river close to where the blackbirds died.No one knows for sure what has caused all these animals to die. Some people feel that the fish deaths were caused by the outbreak of disease, and are thus unrelated to the bird deaths. So then what caused the birds to drop dead so suddenly? Most experts are suggesting massive trauma (as opposed to disease) caused by such things as fireworks displays, collisions with power lines, and possibly even extreme weather.Naturally, conspiracy theories abound. Some have suggested miniature black holes caused by the particle accelerators at Fermilab. Others think that HAARP, a government-funded atmospheric radio frequency project, is to blame. But the most fascinating theory centers around John Wheeler.According to an article at WhatDoesItMean, and reprinted at The EU Times in a more readable form, Wheeler may have been killed because he knew too much. He was apparently an expert many times over in the field of chemical and biological weapons. So he certainly would have been familiar with Phosgene, "described as one of the most feared chemical weapons ever used due to its ability to literally cause the lungs and respiratory system to explode."Apparently, Phosgene taken from Iraq's stockpiles had been stored at a military base in Arkansas for the past few years. Last week it was loaded onto a military transport plane bound for Afghanistan, which subsequently had some sort of malfunction shortly after takeoff, which may have released some of the deadly chemical into the air.Interestingly, what has been observed so far in the bodies of the dead birds? ABC News reports:    "According to preliminary testing, the trauma was primarily in breast tissue, with blood clots in the body cavity and internal bleeding."And George Badley, Arkansas state veterinarian, is quoted in the same article as saying:    "Almost every one of them ... had multiple internal hemorrhages which would mean that it was trauma, not a disease process. Their stomachs were empty, which would rule out toxicity from eating some kind of poison grain."According to the aforementioned WhatDoesItMean article, Wheeler knew exactly what was happening, and determined to keep this dangerous chemical weapon from being used on the battlefield in Afghanistan, marched straight to Washington D.C. to raise hell with the powers-that-be. That got him "marked", and soon after, he was dead.The latest eyewitness reports to trickle in of Wheeler in the days before his death describe a "disheveled" and disoriented man, stumbling into various businesses and mumbling strange statements. Could he have been drugged? Was it perhaps an attempt at character assassination, so that any information revealed after his death could be conveniently disregarded as the ramblings of a drunk, a junkie, or a lunatic?What do you think about the theory posited above? Is there a real connection between the animal deaths in the southern US and John Wheeler's murder? Or is it truly just a conspiracy theory dreamed up by people with too much time on their hands? Post a comment at TalkingSkull.com and let us know your opinion - we're actively seeking commenters!All links to source material can be found at the original article below:http://talkingskull.com/article/murder-of-john-p-wheeler-connected-to-mass-bird-... groups:News tags:Murder,Louisiana,Arkansas,Chemical Weapons,chemical warfare,blackbirds,starlings,bird death,John Wheeler,phosgene,arkansas birds dead,John P. Wheeler,chemical agent,louisiana birds dead 10 more|88 comments// Murder of John P. Wheeler Connected to Mass Bird Deaths?hide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0WeAreChangeKyhttp://www.wral.com/news/local/story/6339980/Raleigh, N.C.  A man-made snowstorm forced more than 100 business executives and politicians from the Raleigh area to sit in an airplane on the tarmac at a Beijing airport for 13 hours Sunday. 22 hours agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKywww.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=va&aid=20369Global ResearchJuly 30, 2010At an international symposium held in Ghent, Belgium May 28-30, 2010, scientists asserted that manipulation of climate through modification of Cirrus clouds is neither a hoax nor a conspiracy theory. It is fully operational with a solid sixty-year history. Though hostile environmental modification was banned by UN Convention in 1978, its friendly use today is being hailed as the new savior to climate change and to water and food shortages. The military-industrial complex stands poised to capitalize on controlling the worlds weather.In recent years there has been a decline in the support for weather modification research, and a tendency to move directly into operational projects. ~World Meteorological Organization, 2007Rainmaker Charles Hatfield, in 1915, destroyed much of San Diego.The only conspiracy surrounding geoengineering is that most governments and industry refuse to publicly admit what anyone with eyes can see. Peer-reviewed research is available to anyone willing and able to maneuver the labyrinth of scientific journals. So, while there is some disclosure on the topic, full public explanation is lacking. A brief list of confirmed cloud seeding events is produced at bottom, starting in 1915.Going under a variety of names  atmospheric geoengineering, weather modification, solar radiation management, chemical buffering, cloud seeding, weather force multiplication  toxic aerial spraying is popularly known as chemtrails. However, this is merely one technique employed to modify weather. The practice of environmental modification is vast and well funded.Cloud seeding, as a US military research project, began as early as the 1830s, according to Colby College professor, James R. Fleming. [26]  Verifiably successful rainmaking attempts did not occur until 1915.1915  To end a prolonged drought, San Diego hired reputed rainmaker Charles Hatfield, who claimed that the evaporation of his secret chemical brew atop wooden towers could attract clouds.  San Diego was rewarded with a 17-day deluge that totaled 28 inches. The deadly downpour washed out more than 100 bridges, made roads impassable over a huge area, destroyed communications lines, and left thousands homeless. [27]Charles Hatfield's rain washes out dam 1915, San Diego. Dozens died.1943 The first operational use of chaff (aluminium strips which are precisely cut to a quarter of the radars wavelength) took place in July 1943, when Hamburg was subjected to a devastating bombing raid. The radar screens were cluttered with reflections from the chaff and the air defence was, in effect, completely blinded. [28]1946  General Electrics Vincent Schaefer dropped six pounds of dry ice into a cold cloud over Greylock Peak in the Berkshires, causing an explosive growth of three miles in the cloud. [29]New York dry ice seeding 1946 (Life Magazine)1947  Australian meteorologists successfully repeated the process. [30]1949  Project Cirrus: Nobel Laureate Irving Langmuir and General Electric researcher Vincent Schaefer fed ten ounces of silver iodide into a blowtorch apparatus and brought down 320 billion gallons of rain across half of New Mexico from a desert near Albuquerque. [31]1950  Harvard meteorologist Wallace Howell seeded New York City skies with dry ice and silver iodide smoke, filling the citys reservoirs to near capacity. [32]1952  The UKs Operation Cumulus resulted in 250 times the normal amount of rainfall, killing dozens and destroying landscapes. [33]1962-1983  Operation Stormfury, a hurricane modification program, had some success in reducing winds by up to 30%. [34]1966-1972  Project Intermediary Compatriot (later called Pop Eye) successfully seeded clouds in Laos. The technique became part of military actions in Cambodia, Vietnam and Laos from 1967 to 1972. Initially revealed by Jack Anderson in the Washington Post, 18 Mar 1971. [35]1986  The Soviet air force diverted Chernobyl fallout from reaching Moscow by seeding clouds. Belarus, instead, was hit. [36]China weather rocket (2008 by ImpactLab)2008  Chinese government used 1,104 cloud seeding missiles to remove the threat of rain ahead of the Olympic opening ceremony in Beijing. [37]This is by no means a comprehensive list; indeed, volumes are dedicated to the subject.Now, Vierotchka, you're educated on the subject. Chemtrails do exist. 22 hours agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:Cloud seeding has been practiced for many decades, it is not done through "chemtrails". Here, educate yourself: http://contrailscience.com/ 13 hours agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:That's a blog site with less than credible sources and writers putting up the posts. Wow, you're going to discredit my links to scientific, Department of Defense and historical documents with that site. RIDICULOUS! I can't even say good try to that one. Quit joking and give me your real argument. 6 hours agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKyIn reality, chemtrails are the consequence of the agenda to geoengineer the earth in the name of combating climate change, a science vehemently backed by people like John P. Holdren, who in his 1977 book Ecoscience advocated poisoning the water supply to involuntarily sterilize humans as part of a planetary regime that would control every aspect of our existence. The fact that such eugenicists are now in control of geoengineering programs that will have a direct impact on our health is alarming.Geoengineering programs have also been promoted by the Council on Foreign Relations, which is one of the main steering committees behind the implementation of global governance.A recent report issued by the UK government also calls for the UN to exclusively regulate world wide geoengineering of the planet in order to stave off man made global warming.Discussion of geoengineering technology is often framed as a future consideration, yet governments are already conducting such programs at an advanced stage.The Atmospheric Radiation Measurement (ARM) Program was created in 1989 with funding from the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) and is sponsored by the DOEs Office of Science and managed by the Office of Biological and Environmental Research.One of ARMs programs, entitled Indirect and Semi-Direct Aerosol Campaign (ISDAC), is aimed at measuring cloud simulations and aerosol retrievals.Another program under the Department of Energys Atmospheric Science Program is directed towards, developing comprehensive understanding of the atmospheric processes that control the transport, transformation, and fate of energy related trace chemicals and particulate matter.The DOE website states that, The current focus of the program is aerosol radiative forcing of climate: aerosol formation and evolution and aerosol properties that affect direct and indirect influences on climate and climate change.U.S. government scientists are already bombarding the skies with the acid-rain causing pollutant sulphur dioxide in an attempt to fight global warming by geo-engineering the planet, despite the fact that injecting aerosols into the upper atmosphere carries with it a host of both known and unknown dangers.The proposal to disperse sulphur dioxide in an attempt to reflect sunlight was discussed in a September 2008 London Guardian article entitled, Geoengineering: The radical ideas to combat global warming, in which Ken Caldeira, a leading climate scientist based at the Carnegie Institution in Stanford, California, promoted the idea of injecting the atmosphere with aerosols.One approach is to insert scatterers into the stratosphere, states the article. Caldeira cites an idea to deploy jumbo jets into the upper atmosphere and deposit clouds of tiny particles there, such as sulphur dioxide. Dispersing around 1m tonnes of sulphur dioxide per year across 10m square kilometres of the atmosphere would be enough to reflect away sufficient amounts of sunlight.Experiments similar to Caldeiras proposal are already being carried out by U.S. government -backed scientists, such as those at the U.S. Department of Energys (DOE) Savannah River National Laboratory in Aiken, S.C, who last year began conducting studies which involved shooting huge amounts of particulate matter, in this case porous-walled glass microspheres, into the stratosphere.The project is closely tied to an idea by Nobel Prize winner Paul Crutzen, who proposed sending aircraft 747s to dump huge quantities of sulfur particles into the far-reaches of the stratosphere to cool down the atmosphere. 22 hours agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKyThe phenomenon occurs when aircraft fly above 25,000ft, where the air temperature is around minus 30C. This causes water vapour emitted by the engines to crystallise and form the familiar white streaks across the sky, known as contrails, writes Oliver Tree for the Daily Mail.Reading Universitys Professor Keith Shine, an expert in clouds, said that those formed by aircraft fumes could linger for hours, depriving those areas under busy flight paths, such as London and the Home Counties, of summer sunshine.Experts have warned that, as a result, the amount of sunlight hitting the ground could be reduced by as much as ten per cent. Professor Shine added: Over the busiest areas in London and the South of England, this high-level cloud could cover the sky, turning bright sunshine into hazy conditions for the entire area. I expect the effects will get worse as the volume of air traffic increases. 22 hours agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKyIn April of 1997 United States Secretary of Defense William S. Cohen said: "Others are engaging even in an eco-type of terrorism whereby they can alter the climate, set off earthquakes, volcanoes remotely through the use of electromagnetic waves." He made this statement at a conference on Terrorism, Weapons of Mass Destruction and U.S. Strategy in his official capacity as the US Secretary of Defense; thus this can be taken as an official position of the United States. Further he used the word "are," not "could," "might" or "maybe sometime in the future." He further added: "It's real, and that's the reason why we have to intensify our efforts." If the United States Secretary of Defense says that the earth and the sky have been turned into weapons, and are being used as such in present time, I believe we should take this statement very seriously. Several other governments and more recent US admissions have taken place. I will post the links for those. I would think you need to do more reading, Vierotchka, before calling names and making claims. 22 hours agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKyFollow the links...this was obviously a biological weapon accident. Wheeler was going to blow the whistle and he got threatened and then  killed. 1 day agoflag  reply0hvnonearth222@bahai144 are you saying that revelations 16:3 has now been fulfilled through the oil spill? are you also aware about the one world religion that will come about in the end times? bahai does not sound too far from it. the bahai faith is very interesting but i wonder if it is a bit of a deception? anyway i believe that the mainstream media are idiots and have no idea how to report such ridiculous events... blessings! 1 day agoflag  reply-1Bahai144In the U.S. media they're actually saying: 1.That there's no connection at all between the dead fish and the dead birds. and 2.That it was fireworks that made the birds fly into buildings! The people who are at the front lines of putting out these asinine statements clearly think that the public is completely without intelligence and willing to swallow any absurd "explanation" if it's repeated incessantly for a time and attached to the lips of some so-called "experts". Hmmmm...could they be right about that?I've been saying, since I heard the first thing about the redwinged blackbirds and fish in Arkansas, that there are now toxic clouds not too far up that are gathering from all the burning and evaporation they encouraged to happen in the spill and getting more dense. I figured that just like their chemicals cause congealing of the oil in the water its also combined in the air for a gaseous congealing of sorts so now theres the same kinds of toxic clouds in the air that there were/are in the water. Then when it rains through those gas clouds it precipitates out and poisons the inland fresh water and some species are more immediately killed off than others. I've heard also that this is not just happening in the U.S.Of course this will be denied and possibly several such mindbendingly stupid explanations as "blunt trauma" and fireworks displays will be spat out by various "experts" until the corrupt, junk science establishment can come to a consensus about what idiotic party line they feel comfortable getting behind as their official pronouncement in an effort to provide culpable deniability for their corporate masters.  16:3 And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea.16:4 And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and fountains of waters; and they became blood.16:5 And I heard the angel of the waters say, Thou art righteous, O Lord, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast judged thus.16:6 For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, and thou hast given them blood to drink; for they are worthy.16:7 And I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgments.(King James Bible, Revelation) 2 days agoflag  reply0hvnonearth222this is a good theory! check this vid out, tell me what you thinkhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eS-4_Uopt5o&feature=youtube_gdata_player 2 days agoflag  reply0BanditBoyAnother option may be Seismo-electromagnetic phenomena. Seismic activity causes stresses which can deliver very localized EM bursts. Of course, it may just be the government. *snicker*-BB 3 days agoflag  reply0Monkey_Films  BanditBoy:Wouldn't Seismo-electromagnetic phenomena be present if the New Madrid fault were at fault. Additionally, with current information on HAARP and several governments admitting its capabilities, it is still a possibility HAARP could be the source of the seismic activity. This has now happened in four countries, including US, and four states in the US. All of them on the fault line, btw. Also, large volcanoes are preceded with fish and bird die offs. Volcanoes and faults such as the New Madrid can work in conjunction with each other. 3 days agoflag  reply0Monkey_Films  BanditBoy:There is also evidence that the speed of our current pole shift has dramatically increased in recent years, causing panic among some scientists. 3 days agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  Monkey_Films:What exactly do you mean by "pole shift"?10. What is the polar shift theory? Is it true that the earths crust does a 180-degree rotation around the core in a matter of days if not hours? Does this have something to do to do with our solar system dipping beneath the galactic equator?A reversal in the rotation of Earth is impossible. It has never happened and never will. There are slow movements of the continents (for example Antarctica was near the equator hundreds of millions of years ago), but that is irrelevant to claims of reversal of the rotational poles. However, many of the disaster websites pull a bait-and-shift to fool people. They claim a relationship between the rotation and the magnetic polarity of Earth, which does change irregularly with a magnetic reversal taking place every 400,000 years on average. As far as we know, such a magnetic reversal doesnt cause any harm to life on Earth. A magnetic reversal is very unlikely to happen in the next few millennia, anyway. But they falsely claim that a magnetic reversal is coming soon (in 2012) and that this is the same as, or will trigger, a reversal of rotational poles. The bottom line is: (a) Rotation direction and magnetic polarity are not related. (b) There is no reason to expect a reversal of magnetic polarity any time soon, or to anticipate any bad effects on life when it does eventually happen.  A sudden shift in rotational pole with disastrous consequences is impossible. Also, none of this has anything to do with the galactic equator or any of the other nonsense about alignments that appears on many of the conspiracy theory websites.http://astrobiology.nasa.gov/ask-an-astrobiologist/intro/nibiru-and-doomsday-201... 3 days agoflag  reply+1_doja_  Vierotchka:its funny how it seems as though u know everything but dont understand anything 1 day agoflag  reply-2Vierotchka  _doja_:It seems that way only to dysfunctional sub-standard minds. 1 day agoflag  reply0BanditBoyI post this as a seperate note as this is more conjecture than factual given the studies to date.  The possibility of EM disturbance causing bird and fish deaths could be a cause if a Pole Shift is approaching.  Granted this could take decades or centuries, but it has happened in the past many times.  Magnetic Poles have changed location on Earh for as long as we can tell.  For us to deny this may be happening would simply be denial.  The human race has not lived through a major event such as this yet.  But these events do happen and will happen again.If we survive ourselves, we will definately experience a large event such as a Pole Shift, Super Volcano, Asteriod, Solar Flare or other global catastrophy. Maybe thats what the 2012 bruha is all about.  Maybe the Mayans have figured out the EM cycles.  Now is about the time for another according to core samples.- BanditBoy 3 days agoflag  reply-1pukemnukem  BanditBoy:Please explain how an absence of a magnetic field would result in a super volcano. With that logic, Mars, which has an exceptionally weak magnetic field, or Mercury, which has none, would be very volcanic active, yet they aren't....which explains the lack of a magnetic field. Furthermore, what does the appearance of a magnetic field have to do with asteroids? Jupiter has the strongest field in the solar system, aside of course the sun. This did nothing to prevent it getting slammed by a comet..which was the largest impact every witnessed by mankind. Along the same lines, when it comes to bodies striking the planet, Jupiter plays an extremely important role by protecting the inner planets with its massive gravitation pull, not the Earth's magnetic field.  Also, the magnetic pole has migrated not only during the existence of man, but also since he developed the compass. I know of no educational institution that purposes that the magnetic poles have not moved, nor currently are on the move.As per the abrupt changes in the Earth's magnetic field as indicated by the work of Motonori Matuyama, one has to remember that we are talking about "abrupt" changes on a geological scale. These are not things that happen in one human lifespan unless they are caused by a massive external force (mega-asteroid or massive subduction of tectonic plates...which if were the case, we are long fucked before we have to worry about a pole shift). There is no clear consensus as to the actual effect of a reversal would have on the Earth. If it were so deadly, we simply would not exist as homo erectus  and earlier ancestors of ours would have been wiped out repeatedly over the years. The simple fact that we exist right now shows that a pole reversal is survivable abet it would have an effect on our lives (higher rates of cancer, food production and environmental effects, loss of electrical systems etc.) 3 days agoflag  reply0BanditBoy  pukemnukem:Apologies for confusion. My intent was to explain that there are many things that modern man has not experienced. But I did not intend to link thoes events to electro-magnatism. Only as a possibility that both species (birds and fish) are suseptable to them. Poleshifts are one example, but take a look into Seismo-electromagnetic phenomena. Very localized, short term events (minutes), which could be brought on by a larger global cause.There is a map of the last 30 days of all the deaths of birds in the world. All are on direct seismic zones. (had a link, but it caused issues, a Google search will reveal the map, which is on this site.)I dont think thats a coiensidence, but I am not a scientist. Just an educated fan. 3 days agoflag  reply-2Vierotchka  BanditBoy:Q: What is the polar shift theory? Is it true that the earths crust does a 180-degree rotation around the core in a matter of days if not hours?A: A reversal in the rotation of Earth is impossible. There are slow movements of the continents (for example Antarctica was near the equator hundreds of millions of years ago), but that is irrelevant to claims of reversal of the rotational poles. However, many of the disaster websites pull a bait-and-shift to fool people. They claim a relationship between the rotation and the magnetic polarity of Earth, which does change irregularly, with a magnetic reversal taking place every 400,000 years on average. As far as we know, such a magnetic reversal doesnt cause any harm to life on Earth. A magnetic reversal is very unlikely to happen in the next few millennia, anyway. Q: Is there a danger from giant solar storms predicted for 2012?A: Solar activity has a regular cycle, with peaks approximately every 11 years. Near these activity peaks, solar flares can cause some interruption of satellite communications, although engineers are learning how to build electronics that are protected against most solar storms. But there is no special risk associated with 2012. The next solar maximum will occur in the 2012-2014 time frame and is predicted to be an average solar cycle, no different than previous cycles throughout history.http://www.nasa.gov/topics/earth/features/2012.html 3 days agoflag  reply+1Monkey_Films  Vierotchka:http://normal_reversed_field.pnIt's fairly common knowledge that the Earth's magnetic field periodically reverses its polarity. At the moment, magnetic field lines run from the south pole to the north pole, and point up in the southern hemisphere and down in the northern hemisphere, as in the figure on the left below. But at many points in the past, the field lines (and compasses, if they'd been invented) pointed south, and, as the figure on the right above shows, were directed upwards in the northern hemisphere and downwards in the southern hemisphere.http://scienceblogs.com/highlyallochthonous/2009/02/normal_reversed_field.png 3 days agoflag  reply0pukemnukem  Monkey_Films:No one is arguing that the poles have not flipped. However, complete and total flips do not occur at regular intervals (for example the Jurassic period had an extremely long time of stability) and can go long...extremely long times. Furthermore, when it is described as "rapid" change, its on a geological time scale. Just like the Cambrian Explosion was a "rapid" development of life...along an extremely long time scale. And finally...if pole reversals were so deadly to life, our entire global ecosystem would not exist or it would at least be limited to simple organisms. Our ancestors lived through many of these reversals. 3 days agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  BanditBoy:http://maps.google.com/maps/ms?ie=UTF8&msa=0&msid=201817256339889828327....,5.273438&spn=141.542315,12.304687&z=2&iwloc=0004991c2e41cf55affcbHere's your map, banditboy. 1 day agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  pukemnukem:No pukem, rapid, in this case, does not mean over a geological time scale. This time they are talking about more rapid than ever seen in modern history. The pole has shifted 30% in the last two years. That, my friend, is RAPID! Too rapid for biological creatures to handle without dramatic effects especially on those that rely on sonar or other biological ways to navigate. Pole shifts also, historically, cause natural disasters, earthquakes, etc. Any one of these could also cause these animal deaths, thus, indirectly making a pole shift responsible. 1 day agoflag  reply-1BanditBoyLets assume neither of the options provided are true.  I have not seen anyone comment on Electro Magnatisim.  Both Birds AND Fish are suseptable to changes in the EM field.  Birds navigate by it!  Thats a HUGE clue IMHO.There were 2 instances of bird and fish deaths in the US.  But there was also a large number of birds found dead in Sweeden on Tuesday.  Hardly likely for US government conspiracy.  The Earth may have burped EM pulses and confused the critters.  The experts say BLUNT TRAMA, but sure ... anything would have blunt trama if it hits the groud from altitude.  If they hit buildings there should be tons of impact points, we have had birds run into a picture window at our home.  They leave an imprint as their feathers contain oils.  I call shenanigans on the pros! Lets be more scientific on this and study reasons birds and fish may navigate themselvs into the ground.  This happened back in the 70s here in the US from my recollection as well.  Real science = good.  -BanditBoy 3 days agoflag  reply0postlapsariaIf the government had him killed he wouldn't have shown up in a dump.  not whole anyway. 3 days agoflag  reply+1ChantalDesigner  postlapsaria:Looks like there might've not been enough time.. Mr. Wheeler told the attendant that he was robbed.. looks like he was also drugged.. everything was taken care of.. 2 days agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  postlapsaria:Why kill someone for a purpose and not use that purpose to 'warn' others not to follow in his footsteps. The US government, CIA, etc, rarely kill someone without letting the 'enemy' see the evidence for fear factor. 1 day agoflag  reply+2Scott_Mathieuhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7zBveivCOk must see video on Wheeler Assassination 3 days agoflag  reply+1Monkey_Filmschemtrails or HAARP could be partly to blame. All animals operate on different frequencies. This would explain the limit to even one part of a species, like Drum fish and Blackbirds. The HAARP frequency may have only affected those particular fish and birds. Just a possibility. 4 days agoflag  reply+1AchillesMgovernment killed him....as for the birds and fish.... one word, chemtrails 4 days agoflag  reply-3Vierotchka  AchillesM:Firstly, in both the fish kill and the bird kill, the animals belonged to a single species, so even if chemtrails did exist - which they don't, see http://contrailscience.com/ - it couldn't have affected only single species. 4 days agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:Yes, V, contrails exist. But, so do chemtrails as the US government has openly admitted for almost two decades. What we see in the sky, most of the time, are chemtrails. Contrails only happen in upper level flights and disappear slowly behind the plane as the air warms. Chemtrails grow and expand and become cloud-like. Some US weathermen are now even pointing them out on maps during weather reports and admitting them to be chemtrails. This subject is well documented and can't be easily covered up by paying bloggers, such as yourself, to keep denying it. Chemtrails exist and have even been used to spread viruses in foreign countries by the US. as reported on International media, widely. Chemtrails can also be used to spread biological weapons and were designed for that purpose. We also know, as in fact, that the US and other countries use chemtrails for weather modification. FACTS, quit denying the facts, it only makes you even less credible and more likely to be getting a check for 'towing the government line' on these subjects. 1 day agoflag  reply+1lil_RASKAL  WeAreChangeKy:I've recently heard an analogy that I feel describes our situation.It's like slowly boiling a frog; if you turn up the heat to fast the frog will jump out but if you slowly raise the heat it'll sit there until it dies.I think the heat is up a lot right now so lets all jump out while we only have first and second degree burns. 1 day agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:Oh please... your ignorance about contrails and your belief in the chemtrail fiction says all about you. The US government never made any such admision. Nobody pays me, I simply keep myself well informed and, unlike you, I understand the science, your irrational paranoia notwithstanding. 1 day agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:REALLY? Educate yourself dear V.http://educate-yourself.org/cn/chemtrailsbygedwardgriffin07jul04.shtml 23 hours agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:http://current.com/technology/92246163_defense-gov-news-transcript-dod-news-brie...This Dept. of Defense link from an article we put up has an admission from William Cohen that not only are chemtrails real but the technology also exists to cause earthquakes, volcanoes and alter the climate. How can you keep denying what the government has readily admitted?http://www.defense.gov/transcripts/transcript.aspx?transcriptid=674Please read and try to prove me wrong. Intelligent debate serves to make both of us smarter. Personal attacks and deflections only serve to make one of us look more ignorant. 21 hours agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:Yes, really - it is you who needs to educate yourself: http://contrailscience.com/ 13 hours agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:You're really going to try to use that web page as your proof. I'll be back later, my stomach hurts from laughter. You're better than that. Weak effort. Put some sweat into it and try again. 6 hours agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:Still laughing. 6 hours agoflag  reply0VierotchkaIf that was the case, all the birds and not just one species would have died, along with squirrels, mice, cats, dogs, people, and other animals. 4 days agoflag  reply0jubalRemember...you too are anonymous. 4 days agoflag  reply+1jubalWhen I talked about these events with my mother...that was the very first thing she said...biological weapons testing. 4 days agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  jubal:See my post above. 4 days agoflag  reply+1_doja_i think that the murder of john p wheeler was a step takin  by the goverment  to hide somthing that could potentially be harmfull to the way the american people look at their goverment and harmfull to the american people themselves.....,............ theyve lied and coverd up mass killings and murders before..... what makes this one different?...... if the birds and fish are droppin dead does that mean that the people are at risk and they dont know it?........ i think we've all seen the hills have eyes! 4 days agoflag  reply+2pukemnukemWhat is it...Occam's razor? Yeah, I think we should employ that....Assuming that the birds were killed as a result of poison or pollution, then there can be reasonably assumed that among predators and carrion eaters, that the toxin would result in the deaths of those species consuming the dead birds...that hasn't happened. Granted, more information will be available with further testing, but from the observation of the other species, I fail to see how one can jump to the conclusion that phosgene gas is the cause.Furthermore, assuming that the fish kill is related is a gross assumption as well. Fish kills can be caused by a wide variety of factors. Pollution in the form of chemicals or temperature, changes in pH or Oxygen levels, algae blooms, disease, etc...a lot of different factors must be isolated prior to making an assumption as to the cause.Per government usage of Phosgene gas, maybe someone can correct me, but the only usage of it for military purposes I can think of was the Japanese Army in China. My only limited experience with the gas in the military was due to the usage of R-114 refrigerant on Subs. (If there is a refrigerant leak on a Sub, its a bit of a problem as a cigarette is hot enough to cause R-114 to convert to Phosgene gas...I guess that is why the smoke pad on a sub was always at the lowest point on the sub...making the Smokers sort of the Canaries).As for the man that was unfortunately murdered, there may be more mundane reasons for his death. Could be in the wrong place at the wrong time, or maybe it had something to do with his ongoing legal battle in regards to the opposition he was leading against the construction project in his community. Organized crime does has a history in the construction business in New Jersey. I just fail to see what it serves to jump to extreme conclusions about these events and attempting to link them. We may as well blame the Irish or Obama or something just as silly. 4 days agoflag  reply+4ConniepaeWell, I don't believe fireworks killed those birds.  I don't think we will be able to believe whatever they tell us, because we can't trust what they have told us in the past.  Trust is earned. 4 days agoflag  reply+2artemis6This is scary . Where are they going to use it next ? 4 days agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  artemis6:one word, Iran 1 day agoflag  reply+2harleyblueswomanif it killed all the fish and all the birds.....maybe true...but it didnt....only certain ones...so why would that be? 4 days agoflag  reply+1artandcreatures  harleyblueswoman:Good question- Maybe the necropsies will  tell.  If we get to read the results. 4 days agoflag  reply0bailey78so the H.A.A.R.P. Gun is set to kill small birds and small fish of the same heart size. I wonder what will happen if they turn it up a little more? 4 days agoflag  reply+4ras_menelikPhosgene (hydrogen chloride) because of the high reactivity of the widely used in organic synthesis, to produce dyes, peksana, polyurethanes, derivative of urea, in the pharmaceutical industry for expansion minerals containing platinum, in the aluminum industry.Phosgene -- colorless gas with an unpleasant smell of rotting hay, rotten apples, obtained by interaction of carbon monoxide (carbon monoxide) with chlorine in the presence of a catalyst - Activated carbon. In the gaseous state is heavier than air in 3,5 times. Slightly soluble in water. Boiling +8 S. PDKss = 0,003 mg/m3, MAC ps = 0,5 mg/m3. Phosgene can be formed by thermal decomposition of chlorinated hydrocarbons.For obezzorazhivaniya recommended water, alkali and alkaline waste production, gaseous ammonia and its aqueous solutions. For obezzorazhivaniya 1 tons of gaseous phosgene requires about 1000 tons of water and 100 tons of 10% -- On alkaline solution.feature destruction phosgene is the lack of pronounced effects irritant and the presence of the latent period. Symptoms of poisoning are the result of direct effect on the respiratory tract and lung membranes.When inhaled, phosgene, a person feels sweet nasty taste in the mouth, and then you cough, dizziness and general weakness. By exit from the contaminated air signs of poisoning quickly, comes during the so-called imaginary being. But after 4 - 6 hours for the affected comes a sharp deterioration: developing rapidly bluish staining lips, cheeks, nose, general weakness, headache, rapid breathing, strongly expressed shortness of breath, painful cough with the office of the liquid, foam, pinkish sputum indicates the development of edema legkih.Protsess poisoning phosgene reaches the climactic phase for 2 - 3 days. When congenial disease in affected gradually begins to improve health, and in severe cases, lesions in death.Gaseous phosgene enters the body through the respiratory system and cause pulmonary edema. Getting in the lungs, phosgene leads to certain biochemical structural changes in lung tissue and capillaries, increasing the permeability of the latter, that leads to filling alviol blood plasma (pulmonary edema).Between the impact of emerging sense of irritation in the nasopharynx and behind the breastbone, a feeling dyspnea, cough, frequent blinking.Subjective sense of short-lived (10 - 15 minutes). In the latent period, which lasts average 4 - 6 hours, struck feels healthy. This period is dangerous the fact that despite the absence of external manifestations in the body affected evolving changes culminating pulmonary edema. Otyagoschyayuschimi factors are cooling, physical exercise, mental stress. Toxics pulmonary edema develops rapidly. Thus there is frequent and superficial bubbling breathing, painful cough with abundant foamy sputum, lividity of face and hands. Further increase of oxygen deficiency and weakening of the heart - vascular activity worsens the condition.In this period emergency care, the person dies. With favorable treatment to sixth, seventh day may come improvement. 4 days agoflag  reply+2ras_menelikSorcha Faal wrote: January 4, 2011. Top US Official Murdered After Arkansas Weapons Test Causes Mass DeathRe: John P. Wheeler III, Special Assistant to the Secretary of the Air Force, Washington, D.C. from 2005-2008, when he became the Special Assistant to the Acting Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Installations, Logistics and Environment, was found brutally murdered and dumped in a landfill, and as we can read as reported by the Fox News Service:quote: Wheelers military career included writing one of the most important manuals on the effectiveness of biological and chemical weapons which led to his being hired in 2009 as a consultant to the Mitre Corporation, whose aviation system development department, the GRU reports, is at the forefront of creating the computer command and control systems used by the US Air Force in their fleet of aerial spraying planes. [photo 2nd left]These aerial spraying planes, this report continues, are based at the Little Rock Air Force Base in Arkansas that over the past few months have been involved with test dispersants of poisonous gasses in the Afghanistan War Theater using chemical weapons stocks obtained from Iraq and held at the Pine Bluff Arsenal, also located in Arkansas.Important to note about the Pine Bluff Arsenal, which calls itself Americas Arsenal, is that it is one of the Worlds most specialized munitions and chemical-biological defense products and services bases which Russia had previously accused of not fully reporting the chemical agents removed from Iraq, between 2003 and 2008, and taken to the US for testing and subsequent destruction.According to this report, the US relocated from Iraq to the Pine Bluff Arsenal an estimated 63,000 metric tonnes of the poisonous gas Phosgene that is described as one of the most feared chemical weapons ever used due to its ability to literally cause the lungs and respiratory system to explode.Nearly immediately after Russia accused the US this past summer of not fully destroying Iraqs Phosgene poisonous gas stockpile the Pine Bluff Arsenal began an accelerated disposal programme injecting it deep into the ground in central Arkansas, but which, unfortunately, since this past September, has caused over 500 minor earthquakes to occur raising the concerns of their local population.More frightening, however, is the claim made in this report that the Americans have also begun shipping massive quantities of Iraqs Phosgene poisonous gas stocks to Afghanistan where when used they will be able to say they had nothing to do with it, and believe no one will be able to prove it either.Important to note about Iraqs Phosgene poisonous gas stocks are that they are no longer able to be made by any Western country, including the United States, which makes its value as a Weapon of Mass Destruction (WMD) incalculable, especially in a war situation like Afghanistan where the enemy forces are firmly entrenched in hostile terrain.To the direct reason for Wheelers murder, this report says, was this past weeks transport of Iraqi Phosgene poisonous gas aboard a US Air Force KC-767 tanker aircraft from Little Rock Air Force Base enroute to Afghanistan that shortly after takeoff had a critical malfunction of its aerial spraying computer directed command and control system over central Arkansas causing the deaths of thousands of red-wing blackbirds.According to US reports an estimated 5,000 of these birds were killed outright and were quickly removed by US Environmental Services workers wearing hazmat suits and gas masks. Another US report states that cause of death to these thousands of birds was trauma in the breast tissue, with blood clots in the body cavity and a lot of internal bleeding which this GRU report states is consistent with Phosgene exposure.Even more chilling than this incident is this GRU report stating that it was the second accidental release of Phosgene poisonous gas in as many days, as the day before, this same US Air Force KC-767 tanker aircraft also had a critical malfunction causing a release over the Arkansas River that killed over 100,000 fish.http://www.rumormillnews.com/cgi-bin/forum.cgi?noframes;read=191893 4 days agoflag  reply+1Nephwrack  ras_menelik:i was gonna say it's more likely nerve gas than jeebus coming back. 4 days agoflag  reply+1artandcreaturesYou have summed it up right there! 4 days agoflag  reply+2DJ_DymentiaHas anyone ever stopped to think that the river could be the link between the bird and fish deaths in Arkansas and the bird deaths in Louisiana?  Roseville Arkansas is bordered by the Arkansas River which flows into the Mississippi River and Pointe Coupee Parish Louisiana just so happens to the border the Mississippi River..... If the plane had accidentally (or purposely) released phosgene, either as a gas or a liquid, it would have ended up in the Arkansas River... Phosgene gas is heavier than air, so it would fall down toward the earth rather than just dissipate like most gases and more likely be found in low-lying areas.  The birds could have flown through the gas-cloud as it slowly fell toward the ground causing them to drop from the skies moments later.  Once the gas reaches the earths surface it would contaminate anything it touches, including the river, where it would be swept downstream into the Mississippi River and continue its journey to the Gulf....  My suggestion: don't drink the water if you live along the Mississippi River.... 4 days agoflag  reply+2Itsbatman_Durr  DJ_Dymentia:it only affected a single breed of fish, so that is unlikely 4 days agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  Itsbatman_Durr:Species are all vulnerable on different levels. Actually, singling out species makes it more likely to be a government accident. 1 day agoflag  reply-2Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:Sheer insanity. 1 day agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:This is eerily reminiscent of the whistle blower in the Swine Flu incidents. He went crazy for a couple of days, a scientist also, I might add. Anyway, Sorcha Faal documents the biological weapons release and the fact that the Phosgen was recovered in Iraq in detail. There can be no doubt about it after the details and links they put out. 21 hours agoflag  reply0artandcreaturesThis theory sounds like a logical speculation, but it needs a lot of bolstering up.  Who will dare to dig in this dirty mess now, considering the fate of our Mr. Wheeler. 4 days agoflag  reply+3lil_RASKAL  artandcreatures:That's what they want. For you to be scared. They want to kill the majority of us because they can't control us. We all still have the power, most of us are just to afraid of death for some reason. Any truly spiritual person (I'm using person in the philosophical sense) would not see death as an obstacle but rather as a start/finish line. I hope my point is clear enough. We have nothing to fear but our own insecurities. We the people have the power, not individuals. Though sometimes it takes a person to get to others in order to form the masses together so that power lies in all our hand; when that happens and everyone has power, in a sense, nobody will. It's not perfection but it is a start. That's what FORWARD THINKERS are for. 4 days agoflag  reply+3tubagodd  lil_RASKAL:We are the world and we are the people and we will be heard! 4 days agoflag  reply0jubal  lil_RASKAL:You are wise. 4 days agoflag  reply-1TasteHimy money's on HAARP, most trusted conspiracy theory since what? 1970's or so? can't remember, something's definitely up! 4 days agoflag  reply+3IncredulousI think the ugliest part of this story is having to contemplate that we are living under a federal government that is capable of using a chemical like this on the people of Afghanistan...but then the FACT remains that there were no apparent objections to dumping white phosphorus on the civilian population of Iraq, so it is not entirely implausible. 4 days agoflag  reply+1ChantalDesigner  Incredulous:..considering they didn't mind killing over 3000 innocent people on 9/11.. 2 days agoflag  reply0figgdimensiontheories or blatant power grab 4 days agoflag  reply0PrivateBurkeGod! I have to admit I'm a sucker for a good conspiracy theory. I guess even Russian Intelligence is buying this one. 4 days agoflag  reply-1lil_RASKAL  PrivateBurke:You say this like all conspiracies are wrong and fiction for your entertainment. Can you be more naive? 4 days agoflag  reply0PrivateBurke  lil_RASKAL:I could actually be more naive because I didn't say that you nut. 4 days agoflag  reply-1lil_RASKAL  PrivateBurke:I misunderstood you, it happens. It wouldn't have if you were more clear on your thoughts because it seems like your going off on some dumb shit like most others. My bad guy. Don't call me a nut 4 days agoflag  reply0PrivateBurke  lil_RASKAL:I apologize 4 days agoflag  reply+1ghostofamericathe thing about serial killers(and I am speaking of the government here) is that they always accelerate and kill more and more people.  when they blew up the levees, that wasn't enough.  when they poisoned the gulf, that wasn't enough.  tomorrow, you may wake up to find that the prison population (one quarter of the world's prison pop)  has been euthanized for being a burden and they are looking for more of us to fill the bunks. 4 days agoflag  reply+1ChantalDesigner  ghostofamerica:..don't forget 9/11.. 2 days agoflag  reply-1EmperorThanHahahahahahahahaha now there's a theory I HAD NOT heard yet.John P Wheeler is in fact.... a bird. 4 days agoflag  reply-2lil_RASKAL  EmperorThan:Why comment on a "forward thinking" site if your not going to type something worth thinking about. 4 days agoflag  reply0EmperorThan  lil_RASKAL:Why use terms like 'forward thinking' to feel superior to me when I'm obviously making a 'hilarious' joke? Fucking relax dude. I've been coming to this site a lot longer than you I bet.Hey here's another one for ya. What do John Wheeler and a bunch of bird in Arkansas and Louisiana have in common?"Nobody gave a shit about any of them before 2011."   *Ba dum CHK*Laugh more, proselytize less. 4 days agoflag  reply0lil_RASKAL  EmperorThan:Who said I'm trying to feel 'superior'? And if nobody cared, nobody would be commenting; hell it wouldn't even be up. So by you claiming to be apart of this site for so long, then you would understand that this site is used for information and increasing awareness. So seeing an alleged veteran of Current trying to make a "hilarious joke" when it's used for mainly news; that makes me do the opposite to 'Fucking relax'. Forward Thinking is what we all should be doing not a term to put you down. Don't you see that your helping the media we're trying to get away from by commenting the way you did. And instead of us talking about this issue we're arguing over whether or not I was attacking you. 4 days agoflag  reply0KSirysAnything involving the government and the lack of care for its people (the people that pay for their living) should be triple checked!!! 4 days agoflag  reply0XasthurNorttThe fish and birds are very sensitive to whats happening...... Canary in a coal mine. 4 days agoflag  reply+1Logos51891Anything is possible. 4 days agoflag  reply0lil_RASKAL  Logos51891:I don't want to imply I'm telling what to say but I think you mean to say; Everything is possible. I feel it encompassing a broader anything. 4 days agoflag  reply+1Logos51891  lil_RASKAL:I'm leaving room for the unknown. 3 days agoflag  reply-1kennymotownThis is very interesting to say the least! 4 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick Latest News Wyatt Earp SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Watch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Smoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-Dadefrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  9 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  17 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  26 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 Incredulous commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  2 hours ago"When it comes to terrorism, we should err on the side of protecting the American people," Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement."Well they got the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog