Why Do People Stay In Abusive Relationships?HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsGender and RelationshipsRelationship Problems and AdviceDomestic AbuseWhy Do People Stay In Abusive Relationships?Why Do People Stay In Abusive Relationships?83rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy akirchnerPhoto Credit: Flickr Samat JainWhy People Stay In Abusive RelationshipsWhat is abuse? Webster defines it as to use wrongly or improperly; to hurt; to treat in a harmful or injurious manner. So why do people stay in abusive relationships? The reasons may not be acceptable to everyone but according to mental health experts, there are specific reasons why people (not just women) stay in abusive relationships.  Surviving in an abusive relationship of ANY kind is a puzzlement to people on the outside, but there are specific reasons why someone 'allows' this or cannot find a way out. It is also about the patterns that people do not see sometimes and fall unknowingly into. The first step is for the person involved in an abusive relationship on any level to see the pattern and want to change it. The person who needs to change is the abused in order to finally and completely heal as the pattern will inevitably repeat itself down the road.  Reasons For Continuing In The Abusive RelationshipLOW SELF-ESTEEM This in my humble opinion is the number 1 cause of people in failed or abusive relationships - on ANY level, not just partnered relationships but with friends or coworkers, family members or mere acquaintances. The only reasona person 'takes' abuse is because they are most familiar with it. They believe they DESERVE it. Nothing could be further from the truth but in this case, breaking the cycle of low self-esteem and believing that each and every one of us on this earth deserves happiness and deserves 'better' (whatever that better may be) is the key. Until a person can decide that he or she deserves love, deserves happiness, and deserves to be free to make their own decisions (good or bad) and act on them, the pattern of self-esteem vulnerability continues.  Low self-esteem is also tied to where we come from. Meaning that if a person grows up with the pattern of being emotionally abused, physically abused, sexually abused, verbally scathed for doing anything other than what the perpetrator decrees, the mechanism is locked into place. The victim of the abuse has it firmly in his or her mind now that she DESERVES this treatment and to think of anything outside that box is futile. The pattern of abuse will be perpetuated because the victim has signed up for the program. Only by looking into the mirror and deciding to be different can one break out of this pattern. Deciding that one wants happiness, wants fulfillment, wants a 'better' life - these are the turning points of change and only by getting that mindset and focusing on that set of goals can the pattern be broken. I want happiness, therefore I will go out and get it. I deserve peace in my life and joy - I will go out and get it. DENIAL Over the course of my 56 years on the planet, I have seen this reason far more times than I'd like to admit. 'If I do not admit that it is there, I do not have a problem.' Seemingly very successful people - family members, friends I have had over the years - they LOVE the person that they are with and that seems to wash away everything. If they love them, there cannot possibly be anything wrong with them - or the relationship. Of course to most people on the outside, everyone can see the problem staring them in the face and it is all TOO obvious who is controlling whom. The shattered dreams are evident, the penalties for daring to speak out against the 'controller' in the relationship. But still there is not a problem.  Denial is the hardest of any excuse to fight because the person who is firmly entrenched in denial is unreachable. Until they hit rock bottom and decide that they can no longer go on living a lie, there is truly nothing that can be done. Interventions are helpful but only to a point as in the case of someone very close to me, after finally taking the step to free herself from an abusive relationship, she immediately was overwhelmed with guilt about what she had done and went back anyway.  The most common phrases I have heard spoken about people who I feel were controlling or abusive to my friends or family on some level - 'he's really a nice guy; he just gets a little out of control sometimes'. 'He was tired - he didn't really mean it.' 'He made up with me afterwards and said it will never happen again.' 'He just wants what is best for me and why shouldn't I do what he wants? I should not make life harder for him because he works SO hard.' Or as a child when I was physically abused - 'If only you would have been better; why can't you be good like your sister? Then this would never happen'. FINANCIAL DEPENDENCY Most people who are in an abusive relationship do not believe that they can survive on their own. They usually also have their entire financial life tied up with the abuser. That is part of the control. That is part of the lack of self-esteem. The abused person is 'too stupid' to handle finances, 'too flighty' to have spending money, 'too incapable' of making solid decisions, monetary or otherwise, so the abuser or controller usually ends up handling the pursestrings. That is all part of the pattern. If they control the situation, the victim stays. If a person looks at their life on every level across the board and can point to financial dependency on someone else where they take no part whatsoever in decision making or have any freedom to participate and/or spend money that is made, there is probably a serious problem there. Most partnerships are just that - partnerships. Both partners equally decide how and when to spend the money. Both partners in a relationship should have areas where they can express themselves and within reason, indulge themselves. If one person in a relationship is controlling ALL the money that is spent, how it is spent, or determining when it is NOT spent, that signals a pattern of domination.  WHERE WOULD I GO? Over the years, like with financial control, I have heard this statement from several people embroiled in an abusive relationship. It is fear plain and simple that keeps them rooted in their current situation. They do not feel that they can provide adequate food, shelter and clothing for themselves if they leave. They do not feel that they can have a life if they leave because they are dependent upon the other person. They do not feel that they have any options, so they give up - they stay. That is the saddest pattern of all to me - the hopelessness. The belief that your life is over and you are destined to live out this pattern for the rest of your days. There can only be light at the end of the tunnel if the pattern is broken! If there IS hope - if there is change. Since most abusive or controlling people do not see the need for change, the only salvation is for the person suffering the abuse to get out - break the pattern; see a brighter tomorrow and act on it. No change is ever easy but the benefits far outweigh the drawbacks of giving up and remaining in a situation that is doomed.  There are agencies today that help and there are people standing up right and left to fight abuse on all levels. There is no better time than the present to make a change for the better as years ago, it was nearly impossible for someone being abused to get help. Today, we do have choices and the patterns CAN be broken. MY CHURCH OR MY FAMILY/MY CULTUREWILL DISOWN ME Unbelievably there are still some people today who will not understand but happily, not as many as years ago. It is not the stigma that it once was to leave someone, to divorce, to stand up for oneself and say 'enough - we need to be apart'. Living with the scorn or rejection of one's family, friends, culture, or church community is never easy but again, the benefits far outweigh the risks. I always believe that when people display courage and fight back for themselves, eventually people do come to realize the rightness of the act. No one should have to live a lie and no one should have to live unhappily. There are a million ways to die and there are a million ways to live. I believe strongly in living happily until I die and if the pattern I am in currently does not bring me happiness, it is obviously the wrong pattern. Years ago when I sought to make a better life for myself, one free of abuse, I decided that I would keep searching for the happiness I deserved until I found it. I made a pact with myself that I was going to find it and that I deserved it. Fortunately for me, I was able to break the pattern but not without hard, hard work and counseling - both in office and through books, research, etc. Again, the only person I could change was myself - not the situation or the past - but I have to say - it was worth every bit of it! I HAVE TO THINK OF THE KIDS This particular reason actually makes me want to cry because it is the opposite of what most people think will happen. People stay in horrible relationships because they fear what will happen to the kids or that the kids will suffer. The worst of all things happens when someone decides to stay in a failed, abusive or destructive relationship. You have just taught your child or children without saying one word how to abuse or be abused; how to have a destructive relationship, whether they grow up to be the perpetrator or the victim. Children are sponges and they watch everything we do and listen to everything we say - or do not say. Living by example is the best teaching tool but in this case, it is the wrong tool. It teaches our children to stick to the patterns and continue the cycle. Children are very resilient creatures. They actually accept change much better than most adults. That is not to say that any failed relationship will not have detrimental effects on the children involved. There will be sadness, there will be guilt, there will be all kinds of feelings that will come up because ultimately children look to adults for stability. However, in the long run and over the longer term, children who see HEALTHY parents and see healthy parenting styles grow up to be functional and devoted parents themselves. Children that watch years of patterns of abuse and unhappiness grow up with the idea that they, too deserve abuse or unhappiness, or conversely that they must abuse someone else in order to feel 'good'. BREAKING THE CYCLE Most people know if they are in an abusive or failed relationship. They know deep down what they need to do and perhaps they have ALL the reasons above why they do not want to do it. Perhaps they lack the necessary skills to try to make a change or the necessary support group to think of doing something to better their situation.  Again, there are numerous agencies out there and if someone you know is in an abusive situation, gently suggest that they at least seek help online. Better yet, see a counselor and discuss options. But be aware that most people when confronted with 'interventions' no matter how small or how gently put are not happy with the advice. I know several people who decided to stay with their abusive partner and are resigned to this fate for the rest of their lives. It is a sad choice, but there is nothing anyone can do if someone will not help themselves.  My crazy grandmother had a saying and I believe it to be true - 'God helps those who help themselves' and until someone can do that, there is only support that can be given but the ultimate change has to come from within the abused person. The person who suffers abuse must take charge and decide to break the pattern or the pattern will continue. However, I always feel that it is the best thing to offer someone in this situation a shoulder, a sounding board, a safe haven - and advice as far as you can provide it. I do believe there is always hope for every situation but that we are all responsible for our own happiness ultimately. Resources For HelpThe Verbally Abusive Relationship: How to recognize it and how to respondAmazon Price: $8.93List Price: $15.95The Emotionally Abusive Relationship: How to Stop Being Abused and How to Stop AbusingAmazon Price: $8.33List Price: $14.95It's My Life Now: Starting Over After an Abusive Relationship or Domestic Violence, 2nd EditionAmazon Price: $13.31List Price: $21.95The Emotionally Destructive Relationship: Seeing It, Stopping It, Surviving ItAmazon Price: $7.95List Price: $13.99Free Yourself From an Abusive RelationshipAmazon Price: $8.95List Price: $17.95Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling MenAmazon Price: $9.25List Price: $16.00Dangerous Relationships: How to Identify and Respond to the Seven Warning Signs of a Troubled RelationshipAmazon Price: $1.44List Price: $16.95The Verbally Abusive Man, Can He Change?: A Woman's Guide to Deciding Whether to Stay or GoAmazon Price: $6.69List Price: $14.95Dragonslippers: This is What an Abusive Relationship Looks LikeAmazon Price: $1.33List Price: $15.00Controlling People: How to Recognize, Understand, and Deal with People Who Try to Control YouAmazon Price: $7.08List Price: $14.95More Resources On AmazonThe Emotionally Abused Woman : Overcoming Destructive Patterns and Reclaiming YourselfAmazon Price: $7.75List Price: $13.95Encouragements for the Emotionally Abused Woman: Wisdom and Hope for Women At Any Stage of Emotional Abuse RecoveryAmazon Price: $8.29List Price: $13.95But I Love Him: Protecting Your Teen Daughter from Controlling, Abusive Dating RelationshipsAmazon Price: $7.26List Price: $13.00But He Says He Loves Me: How to Avoid Being Trapped in a Manipulative RelationshipAmazon Price: $10.60List Price: $14.95Ditch That Jerk : Dealing With Men Who Control and Hurt WomenAmazon Price: $7.50List Price: $16.95Crazy LoveAmazon Price: $3.47List Price: $24.95In Love and In Danger: A Teen's Guide to Breaking Free of Abusive RelationshipsAmazon Price: $6.99List Price: $12.95Take Back Your Life: Recovering from Cults and Abusive RelationshipsAmazon Price: $11.47List Price: $19.50Stop Toxic Relationships Self-Hypnosis CD (Audio)Amazon Price: $29.95Confessions of a Codependent: How to Identify and Eliminate Unhealthy RelationshipsAmazon Price: $8.99List Price: $12.95How To Get Out Of An Abusive RelationshipLinks For HelpWomen's Mental Health OrganizationWhy People Stay in Abusive RelationshipsMental Health HelpAbusive RelationshipsPsych Central - Resource DirectoryChild Abuse - When Good People Do Bad Things As the title states, at least in my experience, sometimes good people do bad things - sometimes they do very bad things. In speaking to some of those same people, if you used the term 'child abuse' and told...child abuse and domestic violence Hands with their power to heal. to reach out. to teach and guide. Hands that pick up a pen to write....that point in directions...that lift in prayer. Hands that touch and share...What is Child Abuse? I have worked with programs designed to prevent child abuse and other forms of abuse for all ages and genders for over 20 years and will list some signs and indications of abuse here. But first, to answer...vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (3)Funny (1)Awesome (2)Beautiful Family Dynamics: Find My Family - Panacea or Pandora's Box?Commentssuziecat712 months ago You are right - no one can really help someone who doesn't want to help themselves. Nice Hub.akirchner12 months ago Thanks for tagging me.  I totally agree.  Audreysunflowerbucky12 months ago Great hub Audrey!akirchner12 months ago Thanks so much - something I feel very passionate about- thanks so much for the tag.  Audreykatiem28 months ago Akerchner, I found this a powerful and interesting read, there is one area of abusive relationships I've come to learn about as to why people stay and that is fear, there are some people that are violent and threaten to kill you if you leave and a lot of evidence that suggest it does in fact happen.  I know of many cases where the man threatens to not only kill the women but the kids as well and she believes it will happen as the physical abuse and its scars is proof that he will do it. There are many graves filled with children that have been killed by the hands of their fathers. My daughter is 11 and in her short life she has lost a friend in the second grade who's father shot her, and more recently two sisters who's father shot them during a visitation, the courts enforced, while going through a divorce from their mother who was leaving the abuse.  It breaks my heart.  We live in a nice little suburban area that has some of the best schools in America, on the list...in fact. It happens everywhere. I understand this is a area you didn't touch on in your hub and yet I wanted to mention it in case someone reading it relates to this aspect of it. It's one other side of this topic.  Thank you for a very thoughtful and caring Hub as to the reasons why people stay.  Thanks and Peace :)akirchner8 months ago Totally true katiem2 and I think that is part of the fear factor.  My mother was actually in this situation when I was an infant and I imagine that would explain why she was so afraid to leave.  Even today, with all our 'smarts' we still don't recognize the signs until someone dies which is tragic.  Awareness is the name of the game and thanks so much for pointing that specific part of this out.  It is a very thin line we walk between taking something far too long and getting out - but it isn't all as clear-cut as it should be and there are many, many factors involved in the cycle of abuse.  I do believe the best defense against abuse is self-esteem and believing in yourself enough to try to end the cycle but again, some of it is so complicated and there are so many factors.  Each situation is always different and each situation is equally devastating to those involved. I'm hoping someday for MORE awareness and more help for victims!Dolores Monet7 months ago a - the thing about domestic abuse that amazes me is why would a  guy abuse the person who loves him most in the world? The behavior makes no sense at all, which makes it all even sadder. I hope you don't mind if I link this article to my hub 10 reasons to dump the guy, where I try to encourage young women to look for signs of an abuser early on, before its too late.akirchner7 months ago Oh please do link! I always think that folks all know when they are abusing someone and why they can't get help for it - or the person being abused can't get out doesn't always make logical sense to me because I'm a concrete sorta gal. But you see it all the time - it is very sad.  Send me your link  too and I will link back - or will make a note of it and link it to here later today or so....susanlang7 months ago Understanding is not always present unless you have been abused back in the 1960's 1970's and first years of the 1980's. That was a time before battered womens and childrens shelters were popping up all over the usa. Laws protecting people from abuse were weak and needed changes. Today, the laws are stronger and abuse shelters are all over the usa and easy to get to!akirchner7 months ago I agree - having been abused myself though not relationship wise, I totally understand what you are saying. In the 60's and 70's especially not much was done about it.  I mainly was writing about folks today though - it is still a tough issue and I see all the reasons that people stay in the relationship.  It is just hard if you know someone in an abusive relationship that doesn't want to get out (in my humble opinion).  Thanks so much for stopping in Susan!susanlang7 months ago No..thank you akirchner for that added insight. If you wouldn't mind, I'ed like to become your fan?akirchner7 months ago Please do!  Thanks so much - see you on here and will check out yours as well!Chaotic Chica6 months ago AMEN!!!! You said it spot on and I thank you for helping get the word out! Until people start to understand what the victim is going through, nothing will change! Thank you for submitting this hub!!akirchner6 months ago Thanks so much for reading this hub, Chaotic Chica.  The more people that pay attention and know the whys and hows to change these things, maybe there is hope.  I always believe changing patterns is the answer...again, thanks so much for reading.FirstStepsFitness5 months ago Great Hub ! I have written 3 on this topic and added emergency numbers to my HubPage ! I want through it in 1970 something and absolutely nothing was available and the Police didn't have training to handle the calls .akirchner5 months ago Thanks FSF for commenting - I will try and remember to link to your hub later on today! Surely glad you got through it.  I hope things are better today for folks in that situation as I know from personal experience growing up that law enforcement pretty much looked the other way.  Wishing you much joy and happiness!PaperNotes7 weeks ago Not all relationships are perfect and not all partners are also perfect. Abuse in a relationship is not only physical but also emotional and intellectual. Yet, it is a natural tendency for people to hope that a day will come when they will see that person to change for the better...well, I speak based on my own insights and experience.akirchner7 weeks ago PaperNotes - Thanks so much for stopping in - and no relationship is perfect.  I just think that relationships should be mutually satisfying on some level.  My opinions as well are based on many agonies and my own abused childhood, so only trying to help, not judge.  Thanks again and wishing you well in every realm that matters!kicbknbelieve6 weeks ago I am a believer that an abuser knows who to pick on. I have seen many women get out of an abusive situation only to find themselves in another abusive relationship. These abusers see right through someone who they can manipulate and know how to play on it. The key to getting away from it is getting the proper help. Walking away does not make it go away. One needs to get to the bottom of how and why they got into the abusive relationship, and why they put up with it. Its a process and it may bring back some childhood issues but its worth the long walk. Rebuilt what was taken from you because abuse changes who you are. Make yourself stronger and learn that its ok to love but love yourself first. People treat you how you let them.akirchner6 weeks ago Thanks so much kicbknbelieve for your wonderful comments - that is all SOOO true! That is the only way that someone can heal themselves and thus break the cycle, by understanding why they keep repeating these patterns and letting someone beat up on them.I truly believe and agree with everything that you say and thanks again for stopping in to confirm my beliefs on the matters!GammaGee6 weeks ago I am a recent single parent. A woman that knew there was so much verbal and mental abuse going on over the 15 years but for some dumb reason could not figure the way out the door. My husband asked for a separation early September and now that I am out I know I will not go back. He can show off real well when we are around others but when we were not there was alot of abuse. I did not realize how much my boys were being affected. I am so thrilled to have them in a calm home. A loving church and having a single mom that loves them so much.akirchner5 weeks ago GammaGee - I think you solved your own problem and SO good for you and your boys!!!  No one deserves that kind of treatment and I wish you every happiness!!cillam10 days ago I hate it when people say JUST LEAVE it is not that simple and a women has to find her inner strength before she can even think about leaving. Like someone mentioned the man always threatens to kill the women or I'LL HUNT YOU DOWN talk and that keeps the women scared.akirchner8 days ago Cillam - Nothing about abuse is simple and that 'just leave' thing as you say - total BS.  There are so many things involved once you get trapped into a relationship like that - there is never a simply just leave or how could you get into this.I always stand by the premise that there are reasons that abusers abuse and people that are abused get caught in these relationships.  How long did it take to get to either point?  It's gonna take a long time to sort it out and figure it out - on both sides.Understanding the dynamics of abuse is twofold.  Understanding why the abuser abuses and why the person they find doesn't see the abuse.I also believe good people do bad things and in many cases, understanding that premise can fix many things.Thanks so much for commenting and for stopping in!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesAbusive Relationships in the NewsStudy: Abusive relationships beginning earlier with young teensKING5 Seattle3 days agoSEATTLE-- According toa new study by the Washington Coalition AgainstDomestic Violence,abusive relationships tend to start early on in age. Turns out nearly one-third of homicide victims met their abuser in their teenage years. And now the push is on to get the anti-violence message out to a much younger audience. "He would beat me like a man until I did exactly what he wanted me to do ...When love turns deadly: Stephanie Hanvey honors her mother's memory by getting involvedMontgomery Advertiser45 hours agoStephanie Hanvey wants to save lives.APW Middle School Students Learn to be SAF KIDSOswego County Today2 days agoAPW Middle School Students Learn to be SAF KIDS Students in APW Middle Schools Family and Consumer Science Classes were recently visited by Kristi Taylor and Nikki McDermott, staff members from Oswego County Opportunities Services to Aid Families (SAF) Program. Taylor and McDermott were there to educate and inform students about many of the different [...]100akirchnerFrom Central Oregon677 Followers394 HubsJoined 15 months agoRead more hubs by akirchnerContact akirchnerFollow akirchnerSubscribe to akirchner's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk akirchner a question based on this Hub.Questions Asked on this Hubwhat about a sitution whereby the man keeps apologizing,what would one do?asked by ifeyinwa 7 weeks ago5 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsWhat Are the Signs in an Abusive Relationship?by Beth100How to Get Out of an Abusive Relationshipby RhomyllyWhy do women stay in violent relationshipsby PrincessaAre You in a Toxic Relationship? Know the Signsby Angela HarrisDomestic violence against men: the hidden side of spousal...by EmpressFelicityHow do I know if I am in an abusive relationship?by cindyvine Domestic Abuse ForumTopicRepliesWhat do you do when somebody you love is in a bad situation?posted by Abbasangel9Social Net working or just a better way to Cheat???posted by mizzjanique296MY BEING A SINGLE WOMEN WITH A DAUGHTER IS IT A SHAME???posted by dock2416Post a new topic3 more topics Tagsdomestic abuse abusive relationship abusive relationships abusers failed relationships abusive women Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.26 sec)  working