Process of Elimination: Caylee Anthony's FatherHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsGender and RelationshipsAdvice and Tips for Men in RelationshipsMen Dealing With Abusive/Unhealthy RelationshipsProcess of Elimination: Caylee Anthony's FatherProcess of Elimination: Caylee Anthony's Father67rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy futonfraggleSee all 7 photosLee Anthony & Caylee AnthonyWho is Caylee Anthony's Father?Who is Caylee Anthony's father? The world may never know. However, the FBI's report on DNA testing concludes that Lee Anthony is not the father of Caylee Anthony. In addition to Lee Anthony,Jesse Grund, Casey Anthony's ex-fiance, has also provided DNA evidence to prove he is not Caylee Anthony's father. Well, that knocks two men off the 'list' of paternal possibilities, but it appears this list is long and shrouded by mystery. A better question to ask is: Who was Casey Anthony sleeping with in late October and/or early November of 2004?Casey Anthony, Colonial H.S., 2004Jesse Grund, 2005Flashback to 2004 - 20052004:Casey Anthony was in grade 12, her senior year of Colonial High School. Did she have a boyfriend? If so, who? Remember, she did not start dating Jesse Grund until January, 2005 and DNA testing has concluded he is not the father of Caylee Anthony. Who was she with before she met Jesse Grund? 2005:Caylee Anthony was born on August 9, 2005. Jesse Grund treated her like a daughter. In fact, he was heartbroken when he found out that he was not Caylee Anthony's father. Nevertheless, that did not prevent him from treating Caylee as if she were his own child. Jesse Grund and Casey Anthony's relationship dissolved after Caseyaccused Jesse of loving Caylee more than her.It appears this is the first time that Casey Anthony's jealousy reared its ugly head. Casey AnthonyTHE PATTERN:Casey Anthony's life is filled with overlapping relationships.For example, Jesse Grund was introduced to Anthony Lazzarro, Casey Anthony's last boyfriend before her incarceration. Jesse Grund also knows Ricardo Morales, another brief love interest of Casey Anthony. Ricardo Morales was introduced to Anthony Lazzarro. In addition, Jesse Grund, who is a former Orange County deputy, introduced Casey Anthony to former Deputy Anthony Rusciano, a man she had a brief affair with. Who is Caylee Anthony's father?THE CIRCLE:Casey Anthony created her own circle of jerks.I call them jerks because someone has to know who the father of Caylee Anthony is. Of course, even if the paternity of Caylee Anthony is revealed - this information will not bring the child back.However, it will rule out speculation and possibly prevent an innocent man from having his face and name plastered in tabloids with the words 'Caylee Anthony's Daddy?' scrawled across the page. Take a look around, do you think any of these men have benefited from knowing Casey Anthony? No way! Their names will always be associated with the 'tot mom.'Casey Anthony has no past - her past is her present.She's made jerks out of all these guys and they all know it because they all know each other. So who is the anonymous figure in this circle? It's time to remove the mask - who is Caylee Anthony's father? vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny (1)Awesome Beautiful Crime: Casey Anthony Official Court DocumentsCrime: Casey Anthony to Plead InsanityCommentsJRChicagoGyRL22 months ago Hi Futy!   Glad you're back! :)I'm still unsure why anyone cares who the father might be, and it's entirely possible that the 'tot mom' either has no idea who he is, or he's one of the two previously-named candidates (Eric or Jesus?)    If the father is alive and well, he either has no idea that he's the father or wouldn't, in a milllllllllllllion years, come forth at this point -- and who could blame him?!  lolLLee22 months ago Hi Futy Hi JR!Nice to see yall back!  I haven't been to this Blog in ages!!JR - I am about to pee my pants at your picture!!!!!I still think baby daddy is the random Marine from Cali -  the one who got married after his brief trip to Florida.......JRChicagoGyRL22 months ago LLEE!  Xoxoxoxo!re:  California Marine -- didn't they go out to Cali to talk with him?  Don't you think they swabbed him for DNA?   They may have (or at least they should've.)LLee22 months ago They did go to Cali and talk to him but there was not much said about it.My impression was that he had this one-night-stand with Casey while he was engaged and maybe begged LE not to ruin his marriage.JMO - though!JRChicagoGyRL22 months ago Hmm... was this the same Marine that she's documented as having had contact with just before Caylee disappeared?  If so, his fiance' already knows about his dealings with ol' tot mom.   Is it the same Marine that BH Leonard Padilla was planning to go visit?LLee22 months ago I think so.  Would be interesting to know if they tested swabbed himJRChicagoGyRL22 months ago If they didn't, LLee ... that means they singled out other players in this case *to* swab.  That will not look good, if that's what went down.If they are really concerned with identifying Caylee's father, I want to know WHY.  Why does it matter?  If they were only concerned with Lee Anthony and Jesse Grund (neither of whom fathered the baby), WHY were they only concerned with those two?I tend to think that the defense would be more interested in determining paternity, rather than the prosecution ... because if they can determine paternity, they've automatically got someone to L@@K at - other than the evil spiteful bitch.LLee22 months ago I think the why would be to rule-out the father since most child abduction cases are a parent done by one of the parents.JRChicagoGyRL22 months ago Ahhh, ok .. that makes sense, if this were an abduction case (as 'tot mom' claims.) But, we know it wasn't.  Most non-custodial parents who abduct their children from the custodial parent ... don't KILL them. :(LLee22 months ago Exactly!futonfraggle22 months ago Hey Llee and JR!JR, she would have gotten pregnant in Oct/Nov-ish of '04. Weren't both of those guys dead before September?Everyone she screws she introduces to the next guy. When Jesse Grund was 'the next guy,' who did she introduce him to? Don't get me wrong, I feel for the Grund family, they seem like wonderful people, but Jesse (in my opinion) has to know who the father of that baby is--or at least hav a good idea. When he found out he wasn't the father, he had to say to himself 'oh, it was _____.' Casey Anthony seems like the kind of chick that would tell her current details about her ex (even if the details were fabricated).Re: Hawkins in CaliI read the myspace messages that went back and forth between them. She referred to him as "bro" often. I can't imagine calling someone I hopped in the sack with "bro." But, again, this is Casey Anthony we're talking about. Who knows?futonfraggle22 months ago Re:LLee  says:3 hours agoI think the why would be to rule-out the father since most child abduction cases are a parent done by one of the parents.____I have no idea how and/or why -- but I can imagine the defense using this info. Ya' know, like reasonable doubt. Something like: An angry ex believed Caylee was his child & couldn't stand seeing Casey bring her to other men's apartments. He thought the child was being raised poorly so he kidnapped her with the aid of a nanny HE supplied and paid for. Then, another faux famous person's name will come up as the identity of the father. Casey didn't reveal the name of the person because she feared for Caylee's life. Yawn...JRChicagoGyRL22 months ago FUTY said: "When he found out he wasn't the father, he had to say to himself 'oh, it was _____.'----It's possible you're assuming more credit is due to Jesse than is deserved.  I'm thinking he wouldn't have assumed such a mature thought as you just mustered.  It makes sense to us, but -- young kid, in luv, just discovering his penis ... plus, being religious and totally unaware of the evil that liars do?   I don't think he'd be able to add 2 + 2 -- at that time.  Today, in hindsight .. he's doing a great job.   I just don't think he would've been aware of who else she may have been kickin' boots with, at the time -- back then.If he had an inkling, I believe he'd have mentioned possibilities to LE by now - because he has surely been as forthcoming as possible.JRChicagoGyRL22 months ago FUTY sez: "Ya' know, like reasonable doubt."---The defense doesn't have a prayer, unless the State fucked up, IMO.   If she doesn't get convicted, it'll be because of some paperwork omission (or the a-hole cop who wouldn't look at the plastic bag back in August when Kronk called the *second* time!)  Oyyyyyy.futonfraggle22 months ago "If he had an inkling, I believe he'd have mentioned possibilities to LE by now - because he has surely been as forthcoming as possible."----Agree with you 100%Some people say paternity is vital to this case. I'm not sure I agree. However, I'm not sure it doesn't have ANY importance. The question mark for a father gives the defense another story or scenario to spin.Do you think LE knows who the father is?futonfraggle22 months ago Re: Kronk. He creeps me out. I don't know, something about him.Re: "If she doesn't get convicted, it'll be because of some paperwork omission."I shudder at the thought of all the 'paperwork' we've seen. There were a ton of errors but the one that sticks out at me was black Cindy, the convict that was evicted from her apartment. Hopefully, there aren't any omissions... JRChicagoGyRL21 months ago Oh yah, the black Cindy. I wonder why she hasn't gotten some media whore pro bono attorney yet - to sue for smearing her "good" name.    heh!futonfraggle21 months ago LOL. Don't give her any ideas!futonfraggle21 months ago Alright, how many men does this freak know that died in car accidents? Who is "Josh" that died in a car accident?Casey Anthony told her former co-worker, Melina Calabrese, that "Caylee's father as a man named Josh who was from Georgia. Casey said the relationship was a one night stand and that she met him at Universal. Calabrese said that Casey said that Josh had a girlfriend that he planned to marry, and he had other children. She said he later died in a car accident in GA shortly after Caylee's second birthday."So, Jesus Ortiz supposedly died in a car accident on the way to Caylee's first birthday and this guy died in a car crash shortly after Caylee's second birthday? She sure liked to mingle baby daddy stories and death with the kid's birthday, huh?I thought 'they' (Cindy?) said the father was Eric James Baker - another guy who died in a car crash - with a gf and kids in Kentucky? I know Casey told a DCF worker in August that Caylee's father was named 'Eric.'Actually, I just stopped to look for that doc (I doubted myself for a minute) and came across THIS! How did I miss this?!?!Eric James Bakerin memory of an old friend"We all have great inner power.  The power of self-faith.  There's really an attitude to winning.  You have to see yourself winning before you win.  And you have to be hungry.  You have to want to conquer."  -Jesus OrtizForever in my heart.Someone special:  R.I.P.Eric James Baker12-8-83 - 8-11-07Source: http://www.orlandosentinel.com/media/acrobat/2008-(Pay no attention to the black page numbers at the bottom of each page. Pay attention to the page numbers up top. Scroll down to Page 412. )This is a freakin' Arnold Schwarznegger quote! Google it! She's claiming it's a 'Jesus Ortiz' quote (we know who J. Ortiz supposedly is - but is she claiming that a Jesus Ortiz authored this quote? Is/was Eric J. Baker a real person? Did he know Jesus Ortiz?)  WTF!JRChicagoGyRL21 months ago Hmm.  I read pg.412 ... it's hard to determine syntax because of the spacing.  My take is that Casey read various guest entries written by people when Eric died and used their names later, in her fabricated stories.  Maybe she just copied/pasted an entry onto a file and kept it?  Maybe she liked the quote?  On MySpace, everyone's a "friend" ya know?  Jesus Ortiz died several months before Eric Bakerin.   (And yah, don't know why anyone would assign Ortiz to that Schwarznegger quote. lol)It doesn't appear that this was written by Casey.  Is that what you're saying, that it was written by Casey?  It looks like a copy/paste to me; something to use in one of her fabricated stories later.JRChicagoGyRL21 months ago The more I think about this, the more it makes sense that she'd keep the names of deceased guys (in her own age bracket) to use as the unknown baby-daddy.  Sociopaths use people and garnering sympathy from others is one of their infamous manipulation tools.  "My baby's father was killed in a car crash" is certainly going to warrant a big "Awwwwwww, I'm so sorry!" and big hug from just about anyone she told this tale.  Sympathy and hugs lead her victims to believe she's vulnerable, soft, human.   They trust her because she's been through "so much."  Then she can lie to and steal from them much easier?   It makes sense to me.  It also matches everything I've read about sociopaths, whatever that's worth.  Who knows?!  *shudder*futonfraggle21 months ago Creepy! Yes, I thought it was something Casey Anthony wrote in a guest book online for Eric Baker. You know, like Legacy or something. I thought she wrote it and assigned the Arnie quote to Jesus Ortiz, as if someone named J. Ortiz said it.Also, unrelated to paternity, but related to the name games, has there ever been a connection made between Casey Anthony and the residents of the homes adjacent to the lot where Caylee was found? A woman named Zenaida lives on one side of the lot and a gentleman with the last name Gonzalez lives on the other side of the lot. Another eerie coincidence?JRChicagoGyRL21 months ago Yah, that's another one of those eery coincidences.  Creepy.trish104821 months ago Two things bother me. One, what kind of mom doesn't call 911 immediately, then call her parents to say her child is missing? Two, she waited 31 days to report Caylee missing. You mean to tell me in all that time the grandparents never hounded her to ask where Caylee was? Being babysat by some nanny? who the hell paid for a nanny if that's true? and why would the child be left in some stranger's care all that time? If I was her parent I'd have been in her face daily demanding her to go get Caylee from the so-called nanny, and I'd go with her! This case makes me absolutely furious and sick to my stomach. Whoever did this, I hope they burn in hell.And now there's another 5 yr old missing in Florida, Haleigh Cummings.  It's all very bizarre.  When I heard about this second case, I thought, Caylee? Haleigh? similar sounding names, both in Florida, just too weird for me.  Doesn't seem like a state I'd want to move to any time soon.futonfraggle21 months ago I agree. All very bizarre. It really happens all over the place. I think the media has had a fascination with Florida ever since Trenton Duckett went missing and his mother committed suicide. The media never covers stories like: Kid went to the store and never came back. I guess that's just too 'boring' for them. Sad, really. trish104821 months ago The other thing that puzzles me, as well as everyone else, is about Caylee's father. I can only guess the guy doesn't even know and maybe even Casey doesn't know since it appears she slept around a lot. However, if he does, wouldn't you think he would want to be involved, as well as his parents?And, no doubt Casey will be offered a plea deal.You're right about other kids. Lucky if they get a mention in the 4th page, 3rd column over. And why a lot of kids do not get this kind of outpouring of legal help that goes on for months and months till an answer is found.What kind of messageis cases like this sending to the public? That some kids are worth more than others? Tragic.futonfraggle21 months ago The paternity of Caylee Anthony boggles me, too. I guess it depends on what kind of guy he is (or was?). She was in the 12th grade when she got pregnant. While a lot of parents encourage their sons to be men that stand up to responsability, he might have come from the 'run as fast as you can' type of family. He might have even suggested to pay for an abortion, which would have outraged the family (Casey told a friend abortion wasn't an option) and they told him to take a hike. If a guy didn't want a kid, I'm sure that would be a one-way ticket out of there!At this point, I don't think anyone will come out and admit to being Caylee's father - especially if the guy has a family of his own and his spouse is unaware of his past. In this case, we've seen social security numbers released, cell phone numbers...Hell, even Roy Kronk, the meter reader that found Caylee, was exposed as being behind in child support payments. Those Sunshine Laws are sumthin'!You know what? You're right - It certainly is sad that other missing children do not get this kind of exposure. It seems like one TV show or one tabloid will zoom in on one case and the rest of the media follows. Sadly, it seems like it all comes down to 'who can get the better story.' Tragic, indeed.melissa21 months ago caylees dad is probably someone she went to high school with and maybe she just doesn't know. desiree20 months ago I have this feeling in my gut that won't go away that Caylee's father is George Anthony. She looks just like him. This would also explain why the big mystery around her pregnancy & all the discrepancies when she talks about the Dad.I hope the FBI does a paternity test on George.I think it would explain a lot of things in this case.dnatest19 months ago At some point it could be relevant to the case. They have George Anthony's DNA why not do a paternity test to rule him out?  There is a lot of speculation about her being abused, and since Lee has been ruled out this would clear up some of that.   Also I think at sentencing it does make a difference if Casey is a sociopathic brat from a dysvunctional family vs. an incestually abused sociopathic brat from a dysfunctional family.   If she was abused, as a juror i would be more inclined to liency - like 20 years.   if she was not abused expecially sexually, then Life.   Also, unless you know who the father is... the defense can cook up (and that's their job) alternate theories to shed doubt on the prosecutions theory.   It's something that should be nailed down by investigators before trial.futonfraggle19 months ago DNA, I think it's important to determine paternity, too. I know a lot of people don't believe this information is relevent, but I think it is for all the reasons you just mentioned above.jonsmom16 months ago Look everybody.  I'm going to explain it clearly.  Truthfully, when I was younger, I had friends "like Casey".  They sleep with a diffent guy damn near ever other night.  Have chronic one night stands and are generally promiscious, loose and whore-like.  Moreover, Casey seems very similar to these girls I knew-quite a few of which had children out of wedlock and had no idea whom the fathers were.  I'm almost positive Casey diden't know WHO THE BABYS FATHER WAS.  She probably could have narrowed it down to a bunch of one night stands-very few of which gave her their last names and contact info.LADYOFTROY15 months ago I DO NOT THINK CASEY HAS ANY IDEA WHO THE FATHER MIGHT BE.  LOOK AT ALL THE PHOTOS OF HER PARTYING, GETTING DRUNK, PASSED OUT... ANYTHING COULD HAVE HAPPENED DURING THAT TIME AND SHE WOULDN'T EVEN REMEMBER IT.  SHE KEEPS PRODUCING "NAMES" BECAUSE CINDY AND GEORGE REFUSE TO LOSE FACE BASED UPON HER SLEEPING AROUND.  THEY KNOW ABOUT IT, BUT REFUSE TO ADMIT IT PUBLICLY.ewewIknow15 months ago I think she doesn't know who the father is and that is why she says he is dead. So people won't ask anymore or fish around. Also she has alot of dead guy names becasue she has alot of names in her mind of who it could really be. The truth could simply be that it was some guy and she doesn't even know his name...or at least forgot it. Happens. Ever watch Jerry Springer? OR maybe she was rapped. Yeah, and she started to see the rappist in her daughter...yeah...then she went crazy...figured she could lie her way out of the death and put Caylees body were she had been rapped....hmmm...She also has been accused of being very jealous...maybe she got jealous that her parents loved the baby more then her and decided she wanted to remove Caylee from the scene. I beleive what ever the mystery one thing I'm pretty sure on...they are a family of NPD. Narcisstic Personality Disorder. Those are people that have no personality of their own and lie all the time. They copy other personalitys and will do anything to be the center of attention. No one really likes them and they are constantly struggling to fit in, by looking good. I notice she has no freinds...just party buddies and lots of guys.TruthBeTold15 months ago There is a possibility that Casey, having slept with MANY guys, including Lee, may have thought perhaps her daughter was Lee's (henceforth her name). This may also be why Lee refused for so long to take the DNA test, for fear that he might be Caylee's father. This news may also be the reason why George tried to commit suicide.I've never known or read about an ENTIRE family that is as deceitful and manipulative as this one is. They live in their own little world of make-believe. Do they really think anyone that has common sense believes ANY of their lies?alice201012 months ago One other question that still seems unanswered -- Caylee Anthony seems to have just about reached an age when she could explain to her grandparents where she had been and whom she had been with, and thus could blow a hole in Casey's lies about work, the babysitter, etc.  Was Caylee getting to an age where she was a liability for a mother who misrepresented herself to just about everyone?liza0702110 months ago I have thought George was the father from the start. If cops thought incest was possible (and they must have to have tested Lee) then I have no doubt that they also have Georges dna.That cops have publicly ruled Lee out and said nothing about George  leads me to believe that they are saving that information for another time. Also could be the big explanation Baez keeps saying they will finally give us at trial.sarahxyz10 months ago i think the top is about to come off the can of worms, if this is true about George Anthonys affair.Teressa9 months ago Abuse is nothing to give leniency for - I had a horrific childhood filled with abuses that would make Chris Hansen from Dateline: To Catch a Predator shudder. Amazingly enough, I have yet to be involved in the murder of a small child. I would hold all of the Anthony's, Ms. Casey herself as well, to the same standard.Herb8 months ago George Anthony, Cassey's father is Caylee's father.   That is a sick family and that's why they all support each other and hide each other's secrets.   Note that they seem to have no other relatives, friends, coworkers, neighbors, acquantances willing to say a word of support.If your daughter gets pregnant, has a baby, both of them live with you and you support them, wouldn't you demand to know who the father is?   Not even for child support?   Don't the other grandparents have a right to know this child?  Don't you want his medical history?   The answer that explains it all is that George is the father.Herb8 months ago Even if she slept with lots of guys, why wouldn't she try to find out through DNA tests who the father is?   That would mean child support !!sandra 4 months ago i know who all my chidrens fathers are. went through much abuse in my own life. family and other. never killed any of my kids. had them sraight out of high school.never would one day go by without telling police,family,friends,media,everyone. more days would have gone by IF her mom had not MADE her TELL. people have to realize this. SHE ONLY told because her mom went to get here called the police then MADE her talk.People forget these little details that mean alot. And yes that detail that mom never TRYED to contact her BEFORE the smelly car. Another BIG detail. Lots of WHYS, inthis case guess the jury has a GREAT deal to look at and to ponder on. not just party photos BUT WHY,on casey,s account and also WHY ongrandma and granpa,s account.FloridA2 months ago Maybe it is dear old daddy Anthony. One never knows and for Casey to be as messed up as she was, it had to have started at home. Cindi and Caseys father have proved time and time again how psycotic they are, how they lie like they breath, how they tried to cover and interfier with the cops finding out the truth about their psycotic daughters crime. No wonder Casey is such a good manipulater and lier. YOU LEARN WHAT YOU LIVE!!!!!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites75futonfraggle160 Followers46 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by futonfraggleFollow futonfraggleSubscribe to futonfraggle's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk futonfraggle a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsMy boyfriend is withdrawing. Is he leaving me?asked by tendakiss 2 weeks ago2 answersAnswer this questionTips to prevent Fathers to be fainting at the Birth of their baby.asked by Lady_E 14 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThe Photos Casey Anthony Didn't Want You to Seeby futonfraggleHow to Apply for a U.S. Passportby Aya KatzVisions and Apparitions in late Medieval and Early Modern...by Trish_MNew Delopments in Caylee Anthony Case !by flutterbug77Caylee Anthony: God Bless This Little Angelby Kellys WritingCasey Anthony - Cold and Calculatedby Tuesday75 Advice and Tips for Men in Relationships ForumTopicRepliesWhy is it women only care about money and shopping these days?posted by pleasurebuilder29Why Do Men Love Strippers And Porn??posted by stacies29239What does it take to be a man?posted by LeopardMan19Post a new topic26 more topics Tagschildren news florida murder dna orlando Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.163 sec)  working