 Eliots Blogosphere To Take Back Our DemocracyEliots Blogosphere To Take Back Our DemocracyEliot Bernstein, Iviewit Technologies, InventorExpose Corrupt Courts Frank Brady aka Kevin McKeown re Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernsteins CommentsSeptember 9th, 2010 Reposted from http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2010/09/lawsuit-claims-citibank-deprived-104_07.htmlThe blog operator continues to remove my comments so I will post that first here and then the full story below.My Comment = My heroes. I know what Frank Brady aka Kevin McKeown has done to advance everyones causes, even those who write this nonsense on his blog about what a rat he is. He brought Christine Anderson to a Fed Court, revealing on record corruption at the highest levels of NY politics. Her life is in danger as Franks too for that effort. They have notified authorities, I have seen that first hand as I testified before the NY Senate Judiciary Committee with many others who post here, to an audience that includes,Senators: John L. Sampson, Eric Adams, John Bonacic, Neil Breslin, John DeFrancisco, Ruben Diaz, Martin Malav Dilan, Pedro Espada Jr., Ruth Hassell-Thompson, Jeffrey Klein, Andrew Lanza, Kenneth LaValle , Vincent Leibell, George Maziarz, Michael Nozzolio, George Onorato, Bill Perkins, Michael Ranzenhofer, Stephen Saland, Diane Savino , Eric Schneiderman, Dale Volker, George Winner.All now legally obligated to adjudicate the information on the hearings provided & return results. Frank added credibility, irrefutably, to everyone, including Wills claims. I know Kevin promises stories and actions tomorrow that normally do not post until months later but to date he has lived up to them sooner or later. Not sure what you all are begging Frank to do but I question why you do not file for rehearings of your cases based on the criminal allegations of Anderson that demand not only investigation & discovery but a review of your cases by other courts and judges not polluted by New Yorks stench. Some of that I smell here. As we know, there will be those who try to derail the efforts of the victims here, they are those who have victimizing you all along with different faces. If you want your cases heard, publish them yourself, is Frank obligated? I posted the letters regarding Sunny, they were sent to me ad nauseam by Will & Kevin Hall and to my distribution lists endlessly annoying everyone but each told us to get the word out, post documents, save them to hard drives, etc. Nowhere on the letter I posted did it ask me to keep confidential as it could get someone killed  NOWHERE, not even non-disclosure language from the guy at ABC. I asked Frank if people were getting killed what he was doing to protect all those he led to file Federal suits with Scheindlin, did he have a plan for this? I have been told repeatedly that he is a Fed Agent of some sort, he certainly knows everyone in the US District Court & Second Circus. I think that post has been removed from the blog, cant keep track of our Russian editors strikes & they leave no mark noting the removal.According to Will, Frank and Christine were settling out before her case ever got to trial for big bucks and they were going to Jamaica or some remote island never to be seen again, leaving all those who thought they would get into fed court abandoned. Well we all know that story. I heard Will pining that others nor I would be able to testify at NY hearings & it was all a scam and that Frank promised hearings & they would never happen. Well, we all know that story. I know Frank has a lawsuit or few in progress, 1 involving his dead brother and I do not think Will has a lawsuit ( skin in the game ) that is active, so what is he pursuing or is it altruistic help at this point? I am not saying anything bad about Will or his actions but I am saying that all of this distraction, intentional or not, is distracting from this blogs purpose, to continue to ask for criminal investigations of the Anderson allegations exposed in Fed Court.My love always to Frank for his help, Christine, Catherine OHagan Wolfe & all those brave souls who for whatever reason have advanced the ball and exposed more and more of the slimy underbelly of New York. Their efforts on my behalf will not be forgotten until someone proves they have done us harm in any way, so far it sounds like sticks and stones. For now, they have risked their lives as far as I am concerned and I would do same for them.Bat Out of HellEliot Bernstein, InventorTuesday, September 7, 2010Lawsuit Claims Citibank Deprived 104-Year-Old Heiress of $80MLawsuit claims Citibank deprived 104-year-old heiress of $80MThe New York Post by Dan Mangan - September 6, 2010A stunning lawsuit accuses Citibank of costing a 104-year-old Manhattan heiresss trust fund up to $80 million by failing to invest its money properly, The Post has learned. More than 70 years after a $3 million fund was established for reclusive, eccentric Huguette Clark in 1926, the trusts value was still only $3 million because it was never invested in stocks and bonds as it should have been for at least part of that time, claim explosive documents filed by two former Citibank trust officers. The money had apparently been parked completely in bonds for decades, generating some income for Clark to live on but little or no growth for the fund balance, the court papers claim. Citibanks handling of the fund needs to be independently investigated because the liability is now about $80 million which [the bank] owes to [Clarks] trust, according the lawsuit filed by former Citibank trust officers John Cullen and Veronica Juliano. The two former trust officers are soon set to meet with the DAs office, which is probing possible mismanagement of Clarks $500 million fortune by her lawyer, Wallace Bock, and accountant, Irving Kamsler. In addition to the banks alleged mishandling of Clarks so-called charitable remainder trust, the trust officers lawsuit charges that Bock knew about Citibanks screw-up at least as far back as 1998. But the legal papers say Bock dropped his threatened lawsuit against the bank after it hired him for $10,000 to represent it during an accounting of the trust. I asked, Isnt that a conflict of interest, since [Bock] wants to sue us, Cullen wrote in court documents. He said his manager told him that thats what the banks legal department had instructed. Clarks trust fund was set up by the heiresss mother, Anna, the year after Clarks father, US Sen. William Clark of Montana, died. Huguette Clark spent her life obsessively collecting dolls and shunning visitors, marrying once  briefly  and having no children. She has lived for the past two decades in Manhattan hospitals. Her story only came to light recently after the media reported that Bock has kept her few, distant relatives from visiting her and not objected to a convicted sex offender, Kamsler, serving as her accountant. Meanwhile, Bock and Kamsler have sold off her $23 million Renoir painting and $6 million Stradivarius violin, supposedly with her blessing, as her two massive mansions have stood vacant for nearly 60 years, costing her millions in upkeep. Under the terms of the trust that Citibank was managing, Clark received income from the funds investments, but whatever balance is left when the now-feeble heiress will go to the famed Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington DC, where there is wing named after her father, who donated 800 works to it upon his death. Cullen, 68, filed a lawsuit against Citibank alleging the trust-fund mismanagement in 2008, after the bank fired him earlier that year. Juliano, who also was terminated, later joined the action, which is pending in White Plains federal court. At his Westchester County home Friday, when asked if he believed he was fired because of his concerns about Clarks trust fund, Cullen replied, I dont believe it, I know it. A spokesman for Citibanks corporate parent, Citi, said Citi has acted appropriately in carrying out our fiduciary responsibilities in this matter and the allegations first made several years ago by a former employee are entirely baseless. Bocks spokesman, Michael McKeon, the lawyer has and continues to act in the best interests of Ms. Clark. Any allegation to the contrary is without support. According to the lawsuit, another alleged debacle involving also occurred involving the theft of some of Huguette Clarks jewelry, which was kept in a bank safety-deposit box. At one point, Bock told Citibank that [its] trust department forgot to pay [Clarks] safe-deposit-box fees, the suit says. After a few years, the branch drilled open the box, took an inventory and took [Clarks] jewelry into a cardboard box, sealed it, and sent it down to its main vault for storage. A vault attendant slit open the box from the bottom, and took the jewelry. The jewelry was put into a Sothebys catalog, recognized and recovered, the suit says. dan.mangan@nypost.comPosted by Corrupt Courts Administrator at 6:08 AM   49 comments:Anonymous said This is just another example how sinister the banks can be, with the lawyers of course, in stealing big money. And they all get the blessings of the lawyer/judges who make law.September 7, 2010 6:17 AM  victim said Im glad to see were back to exposing court corruption and not wasting time on selfish and baseless attacks on fellow victims.September 7, 2010 6:58 AM  Anonymous said all get the blessings of the lawyer/judges who make lawblessings, you mean payola!September 7, 2010 7:36 AM  Anonymous said From: Wgalison [mailto:wgalison@aol.com]Sent: Friday, August 27, 2010 1:13 AMTo: Hoffer, Jim P.Subject: Re: Sunny Shue request for Witness ProtectionI agree.I realize that the letter Sunny wrote was a response to the Be careful note from Rojas which had been sent the day before.I made some calls today. I called the Hospital to see if they would give me the names of the cops that identified Sunny. They said they could only provide them if I were the executor of Sunnys estate. I dont know if that is legally correct. In any case, I have some other ideas.I called Kenneth Eng, formerly of the 109th, now PI in Arizona, thinking that he was the guy who knew Sunny. Turns out there was also a KEITH Eng, also retired from the 109th, who was actually the one Sunny knew. Quite a coincidence. Keith Eng is in New York, and should be contacted, if only to tell him that Sunny is dead.Jim, can you send me the address of the spot where Sunny was found?Best,WillOriginal MessageFrom: Hoffer, Jim P.To: WgalisonSent: Thu, Aug 26, 2010 6:30 pmSubject: RE: Sunny Shue request for Witness ProtectionUnbelievable!________________________________________From: Wgalison [mailto:wgalison@aol.com]Sent: Thursday, August 26, 2010 4:57 PMTo: Hoffer, Jim P.Subject: Fwd: Sunny Shue request for Witness ProtectionHere you are.Sunny sent me this exchange, where he sent the letter to Rojas and Rojas replied Thanks Sunny, Be Careful.Thats how I read it.Original MessageFrom: sunny sheuTo: will galsionSent: Sat, Apr 10, 2010 11:31 amSubject: RE: Sunny Shue request for Witness ProtectionRe: thanks again..From: Error! Filename not specified.Rojas, Rachel L. (Rachel.Rojas@ic.fbi.gov)Sent: Fri 4/09/10 6:54 PMTo: sunnysheu@hotmail.com (sunnysheu@hotmail.com)Thanks Sunny. Be careful and wellSSA Rachel RojasFBI NYO Squad C3Work # 212-384-2808 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting212-384-2808end_of_the_skype_highlightingCell # 917-295-9629 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting917-295-9629end_of_the_skype_highlightingRachel.Rojas@ic.fbi.gov> To: Jim.P.Hoffer@abc.com; sunnysheu@hotmail.com> Subject: Sunny Shue request for Witness Protection> Date: Fri, 9 Apr 2010 18:51:58 -0400> From: wgalison@aol.com>> Hi Rachel,>>> I want to be sure that you understand the following:>> 1) On January 14, 2009, Judge Golia sent two NYPD detectives from the> Queens DA bureau to kidnap me (under NYS law), intimidate me and> threaten that if I filed a complaint against Golia, I would be in> serious danger. The incident was confirned by the Queens DA and> reported in the Black Star News in July, 2009. My published> allegations of kidnapping and threats have never been denied by Golia> or the Queens DA.>> 2) Despite these threats, I filed a complaint with the NYS Ethics> Commission of the NY Unified Court System, alleging that Judge Golia> had made substantial misrepresentations on his Financial Disclosure> Forms over seven years of reporting.>> 3) As a result of my allegations, the Ethics Commission sent Judge> Golia a Notice of Cure regarding his Financial Forms, which is a> demand for correction.> 4) On April 9, 2010, I was informed by the Director of the Ethics> Commission, Janice Howard, that Judge Golia had amended (corrected)> his Financial Disclosure Forms as a result of my complaint- FOUR MONTHS> AFTER I reported his misrepresentationsSeptember 7, 2010 7:46 AM  Anonymous said Its quite simple. Just follow the money! The money usually ends up in some kind of bank. (difficult to hide 80 million cash under your mattress)September 7, 2010 8:08 AM  Anonymous said After a few years, the branch drilled open the box, took an inventory and took [Clarks] jewelry into a cardboard box, sealed it,huh, like the woman who has 80 mil can not afford a metal box, must have been a rat who chewed through that cardboard box and stole the jewels!September 7, 2010 8:25 AM  Anonymous said how do you know Frank is posting these mailswrite some to mislead, dont you watch those Mob shows!!!!!!! smokescreen them back!September 7, 2010 8:32 AM  Galison said Galison saidI received this email today from Margret DePass, whom I have never met before. She gave me permission to post this on the site.Dear Will:I have heard your name mentioned several times but cant remember by whom, or if Ive ever spoken to you.Unfortunately if something looks like a duck and walks and quacks like it, then it is a duck. In other words Frank Brady is every bit of the weasel that he appears to be. Ive heard wonderful things about him and then each time someone was supposed toget some relief from his supposed position to help, they get stabbed in the back.I think one of us in this group should start a new blog, make up our own name and have every story that weve posted on Kevins site reposted on the new one and stop being in contact with him. I am so sorry that very few of us have thetechnology know-how to open a blog like Kevins.I myself was fooled by Kevin. 2 years ago I saw his and Mr. Hallenbacks ad in the Westchester Guardian. I called and we played telephone tag for awhile. He never answered his phone. This year I finally faxed all docuemtns and evidence to him. I had to call him way too many times before he answered saying that I called at the right time as he was at his sons school picking up his son. He asked me if I was ready to speak with the FBI, I said definitely.HAHAHA LOL what a J-O-K-E!!!He had me call him several weeks in a row at 4:30am on a Saturday morning and he NEVER answered my calls. In fact, hes NEVER EVER returned any of my calls since then. This woman Luisa did return my call as I saw her number on his website and thought she was his secretary by the way she presented herself. She told me no, that she just has her story presented there. She recommended that I put my story up on his web everyday. HAHAHAHA!September 6, 2010 11:12 PMSeptember 7, 2010 10:35 AM  galison said Galison saidMargret DePass Part 2:I may look stupid and naive; I told her I would, but I never wasted my time to do such a STUPID thing.I had already spoken w/Frank and faxed him the documents - which he admitted receiving - andtold me I would be speaking with the FBI. NOTHING EVER HAPPENED. It appears that Frank was simply trying to get my information (for whatever reason) and had no intention of helping me. He could have told me that the FBI had lost interest, but no- NOTHING HAPPENED. He left be hang in the breeze.I know how long investigations take. This was just a stalling block, perhaps to get his name out there, to appear to be important- get his 15 mins of fame. Or to give my information to someone else.Thats all I will waste my time to give him. Hes stabbed every last person in their back that he so-called promised to help. THis group needs to stop looking to him as the be all and end all - as a god- and find a resolution for ourselves. Hes just having us blow off hot air and then he laughs at us behind the scenes.I am so, so sorry that Sonny went the way he did. Im so, so sorry that he was by himself and no one knows the truth but after everything that went on and evidece that we have about his fight, I know I can say without a doubt if I was a juror that Ibelieve with all my heart that he was Murdered!!!!!Since there is no eye witness that will come forward, hopefully and prayerfully one day, just like Marty Tankleffs parents murdered while under the influence of alcohol confessed to the killing,Sonny will be vindicated one day as someone, somewhere will confess or speak about what they know!Take careMargaret De PassSeptember 7, 2010 10:37 AM  galison said Margret DePass Part 3:P.S. Im the one that my ex-husband, Mark Padin who was the Director for Academic Resources for PACE Law School in White Plains, New York that hired the judge-in-residence, Sondra Miller from PACE and her corrupt law firm, McCarthy Fingar to win our divorce. I found his hand-written notes naming Sondar Miller and others to give him favors and he beat me up and had me incarcerated. During my criminal trial Mark admitted to the corruption document. It is all on my two YouTube stories you cangoogle my name Margaret Depass and watch them.September 6, 2010 11:14 PMSeptember 7, 2010 10:39 AM  galixon said I also spoke to Christine Anderson this afternoon.She told me that the last time she spoke to Frank was last June, and that she has no more interest in working with him because he will never return her calls, and she doesnt have time to waste with someone like that.When I told her about Franks refusal to take the personal correspondence off the site, she said it was disgusting, and wrong.Christine worked with Frank for years. I for one, respect her assessment of this man who apparently has no concern or regard for anyone who is not forwarding his personal secret agenda (whatever that may be), and who will jeopardize their privacy and safety out of sheer spite.September 6, 2010 11:22 PMSeptember 7, 2010 10:39 AM  galison said Finally:While were in the mode of publishing private correspondence, here is a verbatim transcript of a text message correspondence between me by Frank in the past month. FB= Frank Brady WG= me.August 4, 2010 5:38 PM (FB to WG)The FBI is, in fact, investigating Sunnys death.will post Sunday/ Monday.August 4, 2010 7:26 PM (WG to FB)I look forward to hearing from themAugust 7 2010 7:24 PM (FB to WG)Did u ever get a copy of the police aided report ? [re Sunny Sheu]August 8, 2010 1:25 PM (WG to FB)Kevin,If you want to discuss this please call. Until the FBI contacts me directly they are not investigating anything.August 24, 2010 8:42 PM (WG to FB)The FBI is not investigating Sunnys murder..Why would you lie about such a thing?August 25, 2010 7:37 AM (FB to WG)Will, I relayed a simple FACT. At 1256pm on August 4th someone from anFBI Criminal Justice computer in VA searched the blog from a google search using the search words sunny sheu. You should consider FACTS before you advance your own lies and and actions that serve only to divide.September 6, 2010 11:39 PMSeptember 7, 2010 10:40 AM  galison said ANALYSIS OF THE ABOVE:Does anybody see a pattern here?Frank is making utterly unfounded statements of encouraging things to come: The FBI is, in fact, investigating Sunnys death.., followed by a promise to report it on the blog: will post Sunday/ Monday.The statement is false- Frank has no idea if FBI is investigating Sunnys death- and the promise is never fulfilled- there has been no report on the blog as of three weeks later.Then he asks for sensitive critical inormation about the investigation of Sunny Sheus death: Did u ever get a copy of the police aided report ? Sounds exactly like what Margret was complaining about.Moreover, Franks defensive response to my admittedly angry response to his false statement is patent nonsense:Will, I relayed a simple FACT. At 1256pm on August 4th someone from anFBI Criminal Justice computer in VA searched the blog from a google search using the search words sunny sheu.Wait a minute Frank, that wasnt the simple fact that you relayed. I know because it was in writing. What you said was:The FBI is, in fact, investigating Sunnys death ..period.Was I supposed to figure out that by saying The FBI is investigating Sunnys death what you REALY meant was somebody at the FBI office searched the term sunny sheu.SeptSeptember 7, 2010 10:41 AM  galison said Friends,I will refer to Kevin Mckeowen as Frank in this letter because I thought I had some idea who Kevin Mckeowen was, and it turns out I was completely mistaken. I thought he was an ally in our fight against judicial corruption, but whatever he is, he is not that.I had a long talk with Luisa Esposito yesterday evening about Franks refusal to take down the personal correspondence that was posted without my permission.Luisa called Frank on my behalf, and reported to me that Frank had told her that he had a strict policy of not removing ANY posts from the blog, and therefore couldnt make an exception in the case of the personal correspondence I begged him to take down for the sake of several peoples safety.I told Luisa that if Frank had posted something that compromised HER safety, or even made her fear for her safety, I would plaster the blog with angry posts, call, text and petition Frank every day until he took them down, and I would report him to the police.I told her that in fact, Frank has taken MANY posts down that somehow interfered with his mysterious agenda.Last night, I wrote some comments after this piece, which was riginally posted before the DWI piece.Did Frank delete my comments? Not exactly He deleted the whole article, comments and all!As I was writing my last paragraph, the page suddenly disappeared and an error message appeared. Lo and behold, the entire article, along with my comments, was gone!This morning, he has reposted the piece WITH THE PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE REPOSTED FOR THE THIRD TIME!Fortunately, I took screen shots (attached) to prove that the comments had indeed been firmly posted on the blog.Please contact me if you need proof that Frank is:a) personally reposting the private correspondence to threaten my life and to undermine the Sunny Sheu investigation; andb) deleting any posts that are critical of him or his mysterious agenda.What do you make a of a person who will jeopardize peoples lives and and the investigation of Sunny;s murder by posting and reposting sensitive, personal correspondenceBest,Will Galisonwgalison@aol.comSeptember 7, 2010 10:54 AM  Anonymous said Good work William Gallison, youve succeeded in showing that you are unbalancedSeptember 7, 2010 11:40 AM  Anonymous said Good work William Gallison, youve succeeded in showing that you are unbalancedSeptember 7, 2010 11:40 AM  galison said Thanks anonymous, you have succeeded in showing that you are Frank Brady.What you fail to understand is that people can tell bullshit from common sense.It is easy to anonymously call someone imbalanced without any substantiation, but it is hard to defend yourself against documented facts and sound logic.Is calling me imbalanced the best you can do?Pretty sad really.September 7, 2010 12:03 PM  galison said Hey, if you are NOT Frank Brady, and you support his posting of confidential correspondence, his ignoring Sunnys murder, and his deleting of anything critical of him, you can prove that by identifying yourself. Stand up for what you believe in, brother!Otherwise, your either an anonymous coward or youre Frank Brady, or both.Id rather be unbalanced and have some integrity.September 7, 2010 12:08 PM  Anonymous said There are no CONFLICTS in the world of TRUST & ESTATES, there is ONLY MONEY! And thats the way it is so get over it! Citibank is clearly dirty, now which one of the Manhattan Surrogates will wind up with this toxic Clark matter? The DAs office is on the make and is being directed by what White Shoe law firm that will then see THEIR Bank take control of this jackpot? Hope Ive havent shocked anyone, but thats the way things work is the gritty world of TRUST & ESTATES! I do Trust anyone who may be considering any form of TRUST is paying attention - WAKEUP, YOU HAVE TO BE NUTS! And last be not least - the Trust Officer was trying to do the right thing - the Banks legal department was doing what they do in all banks - BREAKING THE LAW - so the Trust Officer got fired! All the lawyers that were involved including but not limited to internal bank lawyers should be disbarred yesterday! Part of the problem is that the BANKS have deep pockets and will spent money forever to oppress and terrorize - and the Judges will not go against them because it doesnt pay!September 7, 2010 4:32 PM  Anonymous said Thanks Will. Be careful and well.September 7, 2010 8:01 PM  Anonymous said Will, once you write here you contact here you are flagged, you have to know that but I have seen the Christians take the dirt down, I have seen it over and over and I have seen how they tried to get even.hahaha, nice try, you all only hurt yourselves.This issue with Judge Golia has to be confidential, I can see it from the posts, thanks for letting the blog readers know but any thing you do with this Judge to nail him keep confidential!p.s. I just received the demolition order for Judge Golia!Be afraid corrupt bastards,Be afraidSeptember 8, 2010 7:49 AM  Victims victim said The FBI and ABC agree that no one can trust what Galison says. Call Jim Hoffer at ABC and FBI Agent Rojas and they will tell you.September 8, 2010 7:54 AM  Anonymous said aha moment, the DA Office in Niagara County is in on the corruption in court cases also..hmmm, there seems to be a connection.use DA Office to case trac/case fixuse the Police to help terrorize the honestuse the dirtballs in your community to help spread their evil!!!!!September 8, 2010 7:56 AM  Anonymous said stop with Galison is a liar and unbalanced..once they caught County Employees making fake calls and I immediately didnt get a lawyer,they said stop or they will say you are paranoidthey cant, they have done all this stuff before, exactly as they did it the first timenice try, but you shouldnt repeat your patterns.the Christian men have been on their butts for years trying to understand what is going on!I gotta go get stoned!The only thing I am unbalanced about is not putting a bullet in the free loaders head!September 8, 2010 8:04 AM  Anonymous said hey Will, it appears the Mafia may be involved in this murder.do you think Sunny will not be vindicated one day?they are screwing with you Will,they are trying to screw you up!you do not know Frank is doing this, they have hackers do this shit too!hey feds, go to the Bewley Building, although I think they know!September 8, 2010 8:23 AM  Anonymous said hey Will, it appears the Mafia may be involved in this murder.do you think Sunny will not be vindicated one day?they are screwing with you Will,they are trying to screw you up!you do not know Frank is doing this, they have hackers do this shit too!hey feds, go to the Bewley Building, although I think they know!September 8, 2010 8:24 AM  Anonymous said they pass around fake stories and fake paperwork behind your backto destroy your caseso, do it backthat is how you catch those criminals!September 8, 2010 8:44 AM  Anonymous said Can anybody explain why they think William Galison is unbalanced and what he has lied about?It looks to me like hes only reporting facts, which are either true or false.September 8, 2010 10:35 AM  Anonymous said If Galison lied to the FBI he would be in jail.September 8, 2010 10:36 AM  Galison said To the anonymous person who appears to not like me very much:Can you PLEASE tell me what I have said that is untrue, so that I may correct myself, and how I have shown myself to be unbalanced, so that I may obtain the proper medication?Every time I request this, you simply attack me again with the same anonymous nonsense.I urge any readers who doubt my integrity or balance to do a search for my name on this blog, and read my past comments. If anyone sees anything false or unbalanced please repost it for all to see.And fellow readers, please ask yourselves, who is actively seeking justice for Sunny Sheu, and who is actively ignoring the topic on his blog and making false claims about the FBIs involvement?I dont care if people like me or not, but I do care that we are not fooled by people posing as our friends, only to gather information about us and our concerns for the benefit of our enemies.September 8, 2010 1:56 PM  Anonymous said I know for a fact that Will is not lying . . . everything that he says about Sunny and the circumstances surrounding his death are absolutely true. Will Galison is not unbalanced but he is very passionate about exposing the truth behind Sunnys death and the corruption in the New York State Court system.It is disgusting that the administrator of this blog led Will to believe there was an FBI investigation opened into Sunnys death when there are no signs that anyone is doing anything.Good work Will and I hope you continue to push for a criminal investigation to be opened in connection with the suspicious death of Sunny Sheu.Dont let the bastards wear you down!!September 8, 2010 2:00 PM  Anonymous said Check out the Schneiderman/Spiderman video on You Tube. Its fantastic!Eric Schneiderman is probably wishing he had shown some interest in court corruption in New York.September 8, 2010 2:22 PM  Anonymous said Check out the Schneiderman/Spiderman video on You Tube. Its fantastic!Eric Schneiderman is probably wishing he had shown some interest in court corruption in New York.September 8, 2010 2:22 PM  an old and ex-friend said Those of us who like Eric Schneiderman are simply afraid of the actions of Wil Galison. One day he loved Eric, and the next day he tries to destroy the man. Why, you might ask? Because Eric would not bow to a bully like Wil. Ive listened to most of Wils self-promoting You Tube videos. Including the ones he posted about a beautiful woman Maddy Peyroux. Because Ive known Wil for nearly ten years, and because I know audio editing as well as he, I can firmly say that he has altered the audios in some of the You Tube videos. Wil can NOT deny this. If this man Sunny Shue was indeed murdered, Wil has most likely hampered any investigation. Why? Because it is only about promoting Wil, nothing else. Wil, are you saying that you have NOT been prescribed with certain medications over the last ten years that the lack of which might explain why you attempt to destroy people who dont bow down to your demands?September 8, 2010 3:53 PM  One more thing said One more thought. If Wil refers to you as a friend, you better start your engines and drive away as fast as possible. He is the best back stabber around.September 8, 2010 3:58 PM  galison said last post by me of course.September 8, 2010 5:10 PM  Anonymous said The two mutts, the liar for hire Bock and the FELON Kamsler CPAcan you be a FELON and be a CPA (Cleaning, Pressing and Alterations)? I do know that SCPA 707 prohibits a FELON from being a Fiduciary but who cares about that?Judge Scarpino permits his former employer Bankers Trust Company (now Deutsche Bank) a Federal Felon to act as a Fiduciary along with a certain former disgraced State Senator (a paisano) who also is a Felon, but who cares, what a Felon among friends? Scarpino doesnt care since he thinks no one will touch him. Where is the AG Cuomo, is he another paisano?What about the FBI? Oh, I forgot Scarpino was an FBI Agent how silly of me! Its all one big happy family!September 8, 2010 5:33 PM  Anonymous said so that I may obtain the proper medication?ha, Ill send you some water from Niagara County, take a week away from this stuff, they are screwing with you and mislead some, keep them off your scent!September 8, 2010 8:16 PM  Anonymous said they can only take on one corrupt network at a time.they are lying to each other!just keep reporting them!September 8, 2010 8:20 PM  galison said Frank,I am answering the anonymous posting above for the second time. The first time you deleted my response. Can you please allow me to defend myself? Thanks, buddy.an old and ex-friend saidThose of us who like Eric Schneiderman are simply afraid of the actions of Wil Galison.Hey there old ex-friend! Any chance you can tell us who you are?Are you afraid I might write a funny song about you?One day he loved Eric, and the next day he tries to destroy the man.Which day was it that I loved ES? When I knew nothing about him, I hoped he might be on our side. The moment I heard him speak, I saw that he is a puppet of the corrupt establishment we are trying to fight.How do I know this? Youve seen my video. Read whats written beneath it and argue with that.In addition; his father, a white shoe lawyer, bankrolls WNYC radio, which has refused to announce, report on or even mention, the senate hearings, the confirmation of Lippman, or the murder of Sunny Sheu and has not reported on judicial corruption in over eight years.Schneiderman said on the record that the Judiciary can police itself, and that the AG would only act if compelling evidence of wrongdoing emerged. The man is on the judiciary committee! Did he not see thousands of pages of testimony emerge at the senate hearings?Continued.September 8, 2010 9:27 PM  wil said part deux: the next day he tries to destroy the manOh come on. I didnt try to destroy the man! I didnt fire a rocket propelled grenade at him! I wrote a funny song about him and told some true facts about him, in the hope that he will not be elected. Is everybody who votes or campaigns against ES trying to destroy the man? Why, you might ask? Because Eric would not bow to a bully like Wil.Whoa!! Wait a minute. I tried to destroy him because he would not bow to bullying? wtf! It was months after ES refused to honor his promise to Sunny Sheu and me, and after he refused to discuss Sunnys murder and after he announced that the Judiciary could police himself that I made the video.Is writing a song critical of a politician bullying? I had no idea they were so delicate!Ive listened to most of Wils self-promoting You Tube videos.Hey, Im a musician. I write songs and put them on Youtube to promote my music, like every other musician on the planet.Including the ones he posted about a beautiful woman Maddy Peyroux.It was my case against Madeleine that opened my eyes to judicial corruption.The details of that case can be found at:www.madeleinepeyroux.usI only maintain that site to discredit knuckleheads like you.September 9, 2010 12:22 AM  Bill said Wil, are you saying that you have NOT been prescribed with certain medications over the last ten years that the lack of which might explain why you attempt to destroy people who dont bow down to your demands?Yes I can say categorically that I am not taking medications that the lack of which might explain why I attempt to destroy people who dont bow to my demands.Actually I dont attempt to destroy people who dont bow to my demands on or off medication.Do I take medications the lack of which might explain why I write funny songs about corrupt politicians? Doubtful.Do I take medications? yes.One more thing saidOne more thought. If Wil refers to you as a friend, you better start your engines and drive away as fast as possible. He is the best back stabber around.Well, One more thing, can you name anybody whos back I have stabbed? I am blessed with the most incredible friends I could ever want, several of whom Ive had over 40 years.I have no idea who you are, but if Ive offended you in some way, I hope you will let me know how so that I may apologize.If its my opposition to Schneiderman that upsets you, well youll have to live with that. I think the man is a rat.Best,Wil  Now can we get back to talking about judicial corruption???September 9, 2010 12:24 AM  Anonymous said This is Margaret De Pass. I agree with you Will, anyone who has to label you or anyone else ANONYMOUSLY is a coward!!! We have all suffered at the hand of these corrupt people so if they are on our side then they would know how wrong it is for Frank Brady to exposed documents he received about your private communication, no matter what the source was without your permission. Further, for him to refuse to remove it, I just have to shake my head in disbelief. I can only say to Mr. Brady that from the dawn of the ages, there have been those playing on the fence. If you are on the other side I hope youre not the fall guy for them when it all HITS THE FAN!! It will one day you know???!!! Look over the history of the world, every one of them fell. Pharaoh, Hitler, the Gambino brothers, even Watergate was exposed. It may take awhile, but as Proverbs (from Old Testament in Bible) says, if you are diggin a hole youll fall into it and the wicked suffer at the hand of their own wickedness. See my ex-husband, Mark Padin who lied so much to keep his status has lost that status at PACE Law School as their Director of Academic Resources, as they are trying to hide their participation in the corruption. Good luck to you and them all!!September 9, 2010 12:26 AM  Bill said Letter to Kevin Mckeowen,If you are really a good guy, and you have a secret plan and/or secret connections that benefit us all, all you have to do is ask me nicely not to question your motives, or to post certain topics, and I will immediately refrain.There is no need to publish personal information or to write mean, false things about me and to delete my reasonable posts.Just call me like a normal person and say, hey, heres the reason I cant allow you to mention Sunny on my blog and bingo, I will stop.Otherwise, I have to defend myself, and that makes us both look like squabbling teenagers.As long as you are on our side against judicial corruption, I am with you 100%. If you are not, I will say goodbye to your blog, and allow you to do whatever it is you are doing.I have nothing against you.Thanks Kevin,WillSeptember 9, 2010 12:32 AM  Will said Thanks Margaret!September 9, 2010 12:35 AM  will said Come to think of it, are you Shije by any chance? If so, please give me a call.September 9, 2010 3:24 AM  billy said  If this man Sunny Shue was indeed murdered, Wil has most likely hampered any investigation.Please explain. As far as I know, I am the only person who has contacted the press and released information to the public. How have I hampered the investigation and which investigation is that that I have hampered?Why? Because it is only about promoting Wil, nothing else.Actually its about getting justice for Sunny and protecting the rest of us from being murdered with no investigation. Besides that, I guess its only about me.Wil, are you saying that you have NOT been prescribed with certain medications over the last ten years that the lack of which might explain why you attempt to destroy people who dont bow down to your demands?Yes I can say categorically that I am not taking medications that the lack of which might explain why I attempt to destroy people who dont bow to my demands.Actually I dont attempt to destroy people who dont bow to my demands on or off medication.Do I take medications the lack of which might explain why I write funny songs about corrupt politicians? Doubtful.Do I take medications? yes. You?One more thing saidOne more thought. If Wil refers to you as a friend, you better start your engines and drive away as fast as possible. He is the best back stabber around.Well, One more thing, can you name anybody whos back I have stabbed? I am blessed with the most incredible friends I could ever want, several of whom Ive had over 40 years. I have no idea who you are, but if Ive offended you in some way, I hope you will let me know how so that I may apologize.If its my opposition to Schneiderman that upsets you, well youll have to live with that. I think the man is a rat.Best,Wil  Now can we get back to talking about judicial corruption???September 9, 2010 3:32 AM  Anonymous said booga booga boogaSeptember 9, 2010 3:42 AM  Anonymous said How would anyone know or speak about what medications Will may be taking, none of anyones business, typical tactic of corruptDont worry Will if you were not on medications, they will just make up paperwork to say you were, alter any old medical files, even use someone elsesTo make everyone believe it is not them and it is you!MY COMMENT DELETED WITH NO REFERENCE TO IT AT THIS BLOGMy heroes. I know what Frank Brady aka Kevin McKeown has done to advance everyones causes, even those who write this nonsense on his blog about what a rat he is. He brought Christine Anderson to a Fed Court, revealing on record corruption at the highest levels of NY politics. Her life is in danger as Franks too for that effort. They have notified authorities, I have seen that first hand as I testified before the NY Senate Judiciary Committee with many others who post here, to an audience that includes,Senators: John L. Sampson, Eric Adams, John Bonacic, Neil Breslin, John DeFrancisco, Ruben Diaz, Martin Malav Dilan, Pedro Espada Jr., Ruth Hassell-Thompson, Jeffrey Klein, Andrew Lanza, Kenneth LaValle , Vincent Leibell, George Maziarz, Michael Nozzolio, George Onorato, Bill Perkins, Michael Ranzenhofer, Stephen Saland, Diane Savino , Eric Schneiderman, Dale Volker, George Winner.All now legally obligated to adjudicate the information on the hearings provided & return results. Frank added credibility, irrefutably, to everyone, including Wills claims. I know Kevin promises stories and actions tomorrow that normally do not post until months later but to date he has lived up to them sooner or later. Not sure what you all are begging Frank to do but I question why you do not file for rehearings of your cases based on the criminal allegations of Anderson that demand not only investigation & discovery but a review of your cases by other courts and judges not polluted by New Yorks stench. Some of that I smell here. As we know, there will be those who try to derail the efforts of the victims here, they are those who have victimizing you all along with different faces. If you want your cases heard, publish them yourself, is Frank obligated? I posted the letters regarding Sunny, they were sent to me ad nauseam by Will & Kevin Hall and to my distribution lists endlessly annoying everyone but each told us to get the word out, post documents, save them to hard drives, etc. Nowhere on the letter I posted did it ask me to keep confidential as it could get someone killed  NOWHERE, not even non-disclosure language from the guy at ABC. I asked Frank if people were getting killed what he was doing to protect all those he led to file Federal suits with Scheindlin, did he have a plan for this? I have been told repeatedly that he is a Fed Agent of some sort, he certainly knows everyone in the US District Court & Second Circus. I think that post has been removed from the blog, cant keep track of our Russian editors strikes & they leave no mark noting the removal.According to Will, Frank and Christine were settling out before her case ever got to trial for big bucks and they were going to Jamaica or some remote island never to be seen again, leaving all those who thought they would get into fed court abandoned. Well we all know that story. I heard Will pining that others nor I would be able to testify at NY hearings & it was all a scam and that Frank promised hearings & they would never happen. Well, we all know that story. I know Frank has a lawsuit or few in progress, 1 involving his dead brother and I do not think Will has a lawsuit ( skin in the game ) that is active, so what is he pursuing or is it altruistic help at this point? I am not saying anything bad about Will or his actions but I am saying that all of this distraction, intentional or not, is distracting from this blogs purpose, to continue to ask for criminal investigations of the Anderson allegations exposed in Fed Court.My love always to Frank for his help, Christine, Catherine OHagan Wolfe & all those brave souls who for whatever reason have advanced the ball and exposed more and more of the slimy underbelly of New York. Their efforts on my behalf will not be forgotten until someone proves they have done us harm in any way, so far it sounds like sticks and stones. For now, they have risked their lives as far as I am concerned and I would do same for them.Bat Out of HellEliot Bernstein, InventorTags: christine c. anderson, expose corrupt courts, Frank Brady, iviewit, kevin mckeown, patentgate Posted in Uncategorized |   Comments OffCongress and Law Makers Guilty of Domestic Terrorism and War Crimes, Time to Reboot Congress and Start War Crime Trials Against Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, Yoo, Bebe, Gonzales and ALL members of Congress voting for Illegal WarsFebruary 12th, 2010 From: Eliot I. Bernstein [mailto:iviewit@iviewit.tv]Sent: Friday, February 12, 2010 7:16 AMTo: Lt. Col. USAF Joseph H. Kress (Ret) (kressretired2000@yahoo.com)Cc: Richard Kuse (wildmans@verizon.net); Robert Morningstar (robertmorningstar@gmail.com); Combat Vet @ Warmongering.war; Michael Moore (mike@michaelmoore.com); Rachel Maddow @ MSNBC (rachel@msnbc.com); Andy Dietz; David(@yahoo.com); anthony.frenden@disney.com; Barry Becker @ Rock-It Cargo USA, Inc. (barryb@rockitcargo.com); Brian Fritz (bfritz@bravepoint.com); bretth@aandh.com; Crystal@CrystalCox.com; Caroline Prochotska Rogers, Esquire (caroline@cprogers.com); Kevin R. Hall; Guy T. Iantoni (guy@nipllc.com); Ginger Stanger @ Gammy Rocks (gingerstanger@gmail.com); Gizella Weisshaus (GizellaWeisshaus@yahoo.com); Rafeal Hollywood Niemtschik (islandrigger@aol.com); James F. Armstrong (jim@6armstrongs.com); jimo@bridgeadvisorsllc.com; Marc R. Garber, Esquire @ Flaster Greenberg P.C.; Michele M. Mulrooney Esq. - Jackoway Tyerman Wertheimer Austen Mandelbaum & Morris (MMulrooney@JTWAMM.com); Mary Keon @ The Westchester Guardian (wguardianmaryads@aol.com); Crystal Simpson; Milton @ Black Star News (milton@blackstarnews.com); Nicole Corrado (ncorrado242@yahoo.com); Pat Handley (svm231@aol.com); Paul Altman; TourCandy; Terrence Terry Finnan (Tskeene@westelcom.com); Christine C. Anderson (tallawah@earthlink.net); tips@abovethelaw.com; William Galison (wgalison@aol.com); Yoel Weisshaus (yoelweisshaus@yahoo.com); Iviewit Breaking News - Read All About ItSubject: War Crimes committed by Domestic Terrorists Disguised as Congressman, Lawmakers, Judges and LawyersMr. Kress Sir, I am confused and disgruntled that our Congress and Lawmakers and Upholders of the Democracy are all using the term War and Enemy Combatants when referring to Iraq and Afghanistan. Am I wrong in assuming that the United States is in NO OFFICIAL WARS as of this date? Has the President or Congress ever officially declared War, even on the Word Terrorism and formal War Declaration issued? If I am right and no war exists, then how is Congress mobilizing the troops, how are there enemy combatants, how are War funds being used and powers granted in time of official War? How is the media using the word War illegally to describe these illegal invasions? I know that War can be declared by the President and then at the next convening of Congress, Congress must ratify and declare official War or no War exists. So how is Congress and the President using War powers with no War other than illegally and by committing War Crimes? How can one be an enemy combatant, usually a military dressed enemy, when there are no legally declared enemies? How can Military Commissions be even considered for trials when there is no War to use them for? How can people be detained as Prisoners of War when there is no War? Am I missing something or are all those who act without formal War Declaration committing War Crimes and stealing monies from the PEOPLE for these illegal occupations or invasions we are committing? I am all for trying and convicting terrorists but what is a terrorist, Timothy McVeigh or Abdul blah blah, both merely criminals using terrorism and we cannot declare War on Psychopaths who have no country, who have no armies, we can only try them as criminals. I cannot imagine Congress or the President declaring an official War on Terrorism, where would we send the declaration of war, who would we send it too, how would we determine what countries to invade because they have terrorists and then what about McVeigh, should we launch an incursion of the United States and start bombing Texas or Oklahoma?In search of answers, the only answer I come up with, is that our Congress and Lawmakers and Judges, involved in these War Crimes, are the real Terrorists to our Democracy, Domestic Terrorists, far more dangerous to our nation than some guys training on jungle jims, with no army, air force, just camels and pee shooters. If Congress is involved in illegal wars and torture and violations of war crimes then should they not be tried and convicted for their crimes? Time to reboot Congress and the Government as the Constitution demands, when the leaders corrupt and commit crimes against the People and crimes against other nations. The military must force Congress to declare official War or the soldiers should sit down and protest, the command leading these illegal Wars should also be tried for Conspiracy against the People of this nation and those we illegally invade and for the death of every single soldier that was deployed illegally. My conclusion, hang them high outside the capitol and Whitehouse to set an example and reset our nation to the morals that made us the proudest nation ever on earth and with great thanks to real soldiers, in real wars, who died to give us these rights.Best ~ EliotI-VIEW-IT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with VisionEliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.html Http://www.enddiscriminationnow.comHttp://www.corruptcourts.orgHttp://www.changecourtsnow.comhttp://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comwww.parentadvocates.orgwww.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.comTags: ashcroft, bebe, bush, cfr, cheney, council on foreign relations, fema, gonzales, hillary clinton, iviewit, new world order, rachel maddow, rockafeller, rockefeller, sedition, skull & bones, torture, treason, war crime, war crimes, yoo Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit Inventor ~ Patriot ActivityJanuary 3rd, 2010 In response to article at Expose Corrupt Courts @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2010/01/new-york-failed-state-of-pathetic.htmlTo those waiting for the press, the right arm of anarchy now left arm of corruption for aid, this is like going to Joseph Goebbels and telling him to do a story about how the jews are mistreated in the prison camps and that mainstream media is portraying them as rodents to be exterminated. Like going to the Gestapo to complain that the camp guards are mistreating the prisoners and the courts are not following the rules.So start a fn ( free news ) printing press, I mean free news, real news, like Franklin did and bird shit market it over every car that parks in a courthouse, on the steps of every capital building, to every person going into gestapo hq. I mean theWhiteHouse with Torture Rooms, etc., and Congress. Make the PEOPLEaware of what is going on at the grass roots level.In your new fn printing press write about how the other guys the fake news guys, the bobbles call them, do not do their job and thus why you should pass the flyer on to educate the mass. Weekly rags, plastering the campus, calling for protest on the court steps on capital hill, in the parks, they will come, maybe slowly at first but it will get a groove, the people have been robbed and rapped by these people of their home equity and 401s the blood is in the water for outrage, now all we need is abby hoffman or the likes. Our leaders have bankrupted the country, morally and financially, I say no 2nd chance to fix it, until after trials for if it was conspiratorial and with intent and then there will be few left in Congress, they SUCK, they should be FIRED and TRIED.Tooo big to fail = antitrust for those who have forgotten. Tighter regulations = charge those who let the guard down and the fox in. The Congress and Courts are also conducting ILLEGAL INVASIONS of countries costing us US citizens and our children trillions in money that can only be used after official WAR declarations by CONGRESS. To date, no President and no Congress have officially declared WAR, thus how can we be at WAR, how can the troops be mobilized without a FORMAL LEGAL WAR DECLARATION. Answer - ILLEGALLY and in violation of WAR LAWS UNDER TITLE 18 and International War Treatises that we wrote and then ratified as law. Every congress person, judge or lawyer involved in moving these illegal UNDECLARED WARS of AGRESSION need be tried, there were rules called laws, they broke them, no one is above the law! When the trials are complete the country will be rebooted and a new nation may emerge from the grips of a tryrannous coup detat from terrorist within our own government, the real terrorists to our moral compass.Oh yeah, as RICO is appropriate here, sieze the illegally gotten profits from illegal wars etc. and redistribute back to people and the 1% who have 90% of the money will again shift back to a normal balance. Yes, when you break all the rules, stealing the monopoly money will be easy but normally the end of the game for even the winner, who when it is discovered he was robbing the bank while abusing you on park place, has disastrous consequences for himself. Game is then rebooted, everyone save for the guy who cheated, recovering from his busted nose, play again. The Constitution warns of this day and demands the people demand justice at all costs or their freedom shall fail, the nation shall fail to tyrannous men disguised as politicians, lawyers and judges. In the words of Sandra Day as she stepped off the bench at Georgetown, she proclaimed, we are in the throes of a dictatorship that is better to stop now than later. or words to that effect.So if you really care, if you really are patriotic,I challenge you to take on the man this year, head on, bring him to the light however you must, ie printing press, blogging, protest their offices with 3 friends and a video, COURTS with LAWSUITS for their crimes, one after another after another, bring them to the light. If the typical doors to do work for they have been corrupted by coup detat then end around, use your voice and innovative spirit.For Silly example, I citeIn fact, in that same fresh breath of epiphany we came up with a new airline, one that has no baggage checks or lines but a waiver for passengers to say they hold harmless the airline if someone brings a bomb on board. Why? to get out of airport security and the hassles on personal freedom they are imposing, including new radioactive body destroying scans. Still would have customs checks but as for the bags and people they fly unmolested. The logic, the number of airplanes that are bombed since aviation began, excluding war, is a handful, maybe on way high side 100. If 500 people were killed on eachl of them that would only amount to 50,000 people over 50 years, which averages about 1000 a year which is statistically infinitesimally small number when compared to say the 35,000 annually that die in cars, which over the same 50 years would add up to 1,750,000 but yet still that is a small number and we do not stop driving or surrender our rights to drive unmolested. Therefore, I would rather have my personal freedom to travel about without government oversight of my life for fear of an underwear bomber and would thus sign the waiver. With the freedom to travel the airline would save on all the security measures for the one off terrorist and could pass those savings on to patriotic flyers who dont surrender their freedom in fear of terror, you know real patriots.Just food for otters in the new year. Look forward to seeing you in ny this year for some more fun in the courts. Best and all my families love to you and yours!!!In fact, Lets say the chances of being blown up by a bomb on a plane are a million to one, so the chances of there being 2 bombs on the plane is probably a billion to one. So if everyone takes their own bomb on board,then its going to be impossible to be blown up on that plane statistically, so the airline will supply each passenger with one bomb to insure safety of a statiscally low chance event. Make sense?ps - to keep the cowards or chickenhawking draft dodging American Wussies afraid of guys on camels with no standing armies, air forces or nukes like bush rumsefeld, cheney, yoo, bebe, (those spoiled rotten elitist losers with bought degrees etc.) off our airline we can offer muslims the exit rows, that should scare them away too.ok one more crazy eliot as you would have it that should give you a break from acknowledging the plague of ny courts. This comes from a response to the Jesse Ventura Conspiracy Theory Bilderbergs link @ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpMjY3t0NyMrb@u on a wonderful new year and a 1000 more 2u2. I am on a mission to help the children accomplish the greatness they deserve in a free world doing good things for our planet, not this crap plotted by spoiled rotten individuals on a power trip who work in secret against their own children, killing them and denying them their freedoms and rights. My inventions may have been a ruse by a g-d to weed the evil, the holy grail, attracting all the evil and for what I oft wondered? Now it is clear, it is gathered to be destroyed, as it is what stands in the way of the childrens pure future and a world of peace. My wife Candice and I decided we can end terrorism today without a single bullet, by simply sending care packages and building homes in countries that now hate us more than ever for our illegal wars, oops invasions as no wars have been officially declarded, into their countries, killing their children. We could then get rid of the tanks and ebay them and for each one sold, we could probably build 1000 houses and send 10000 care packages for what we get for just one tank. This would build love and peace, which is not good for war mongering businesses like haliburton and blackwater or home wrecking businesses but good for homebuilders and food makers and home makers. Where are those pink ladies, we should sent them over to Iraq and Paki to start teaching soldiers cookie baking and home decorating jobs.When the Terrorists get all the goodies, they hopefully will forget that we once were an evil nation of terrorist leaders promoting hate for profit of a few. If we try those who really commited these WARCRIMES, our leaders,in courts of law where no one is abovethe lawthe worldwill again respect us as the greatest nation and they will not want to bomb our buildings or airlines or jihad our asses for invadingtheir countries illegallyand raping and pillaging their people and resources,illegally for the gain of a few politicians, lawyers and judges, at the expense of the American People, a great name many great soldiers died earning, blown by chickenhawking draft dodgers.Now to all those soldiers who have been led to ILLEGAL WARS ( as no WARS have truly been declared making them treasonous movements of the troops and illegal use of War Appropriations, see my blog @ www.iviewit.tv/wordpresseliot for more), the soldiers who have been tortured to do these crimes thinking they were legal because of BAD ILLEGAL LEGAL ADVICE BY WAR CRIMINALS DISGUISED AS LAWYERS AND JUDGES, LIKETHOSETHE US TRIEDIN NUREMBERG at the infamous JUDGES TRIAL. The troops werecommissioned ILLEGALLY by our Congress and Presidents to TORTURE and KILL ILLEGALLY (while the congressmen and woman, judges and lawyers who commissioned the crimes profited and now try to claim they are above the law), for the soldiers who have been tortured by our leaders ILLEGAL CRIMES, I have new job opportunities, ones that will make you and good people in America lots of money, that will erase the WAR CRIMES done by our leaders, jobs that are fun and dont involve any killing and instead make people love us not hate us. I would never abandon you or bankrupt you without job, trust me you will be far happier on your new mission. As for trying the soldiers who acted on bad legal advice that made torture and war crimes ok, well, yes trials, but the soldier that was lied to too will point to his superior who issued the command to violate law and international war crime treatises and will then be vindicated and the real trial of the real criminals will begin. Vindication through trial is vindication and relieves their souls and points to the guilty, that is why the guilty are trying to hide behind those they gave orders too, more cowardice of theirs revealed, chickenhawking draft dodging, grandsons of Nazi sympathizers (Bush, Rove, Cheney), off with their heads for their orders. To those soldiers vindicated by trial for following illegal laws by the leaders, I would offer a lifetime of free therapy to help you deal with the pain and a lifetime va benefit to ease the horror and jobs at the care packaging plant or homebuilding companies, my heart goes out to your pain, for one who is commissioned to torture another, suffers as much long term mentally as those who were illegally tortured. All can find some relief, seeing the feet of those who did the crimes, swaying from rope on the white house lawn.Since the Wars are ILLEGAL and to continue them is TREASON, with our new PEACE, CAREPACKAGE and HOMEBUILDING PLAN, we will have plenty of jobs and new biz opps for all soldiers as homebuilders and bakers for the care packages. Since we can afford all these tanks and stuff, that we dont need today in new END TERRORISM WITH LOVE AND KISSES, we can use that money to build infrastructure abroad and at home, that builds good will and that spreads. We can use some of the trillions saved to put people back in homes here in the usa, we can support good businesses, not warmongering ones, we can have a military where our boys are loved worldwide again and spread peace and love, not hate and death which are more akin to evil and get us spit on worldwide.Now the PEOPLE have to make this happen by simply demanding that CONGRESS and the PRESIDENT either DECLARE WAR OFFICIALLY or CHARGE THEM WITH TREASON AND SEDITION and MORE for having illegal WARS without official DECLARATION BY CONGRESS = WAR CRIME AND TITLE 18 CRIMES. Demand immediate (like today) total withdrawal of troops, oops, I mean keep them all over there but start them rebuilding the nations we just illegally attacked. To the soldiers, I would, as I know you would, much rather build homes than blow them up for the profit of a few chickenhawking draft dodging spoiled rotten politicians and lawyers who have gotten you there on lies lies and more lies. Cowards, congress is filled with the spoiled elitist who are so detached from reality they really believe the rest of the world and people are below them and have no respect for the people while they line their pockets with stolen monies for grannys home equity and 401, to stuff their ivy league (bought not earned with gpa) faces with another greasy slimy burger in a 5th summer home. Not earning a thing, just stealing, it is easy to get rich if you infiltrate the law and suppress the rules, it is not brain surgery, you just have to be soulless. TEAR DOWN THE WALL AND BUILD HOMES SPREADING LOVE AND PEACE, this ends terrorism much faster than protracted ILLEGAL WARS with real live dead US Soldiers and foreign citizens piling up. Our spreading of hate only begets hate, our nation is not really afraid of terrorists, we have ten thousand nuclear bombs, and just who are we afraid of? I think we should give each rogue nation 2 of them and dare them to use them, knowing of obliteration that would follow, that should make them think of becoming radioactive waste for a thousand years, is that not enough firepower against the guy on a camel who needs to borrow your plane to attack you. Soldiers who died to give you freedom, are chocking in their graves that the Americans they died to give them those freedoms have surrendered them to evil people who torture people and conduct illegal wars in fear of a guy with no country or army on a jungle jim training set. You certainly disgust me, as you blindly surrender, even as the Supreme Idiots stole your democracy in a 5-4 ELECTION FRAUD. Since that day our country has gone lawlessly to hell in a bucket.Bat Out of HellEliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.html Http://www.enddiscriminationnow.comHttp://www.corruptcourts.orgHttp://www.changecourtsnow.comhttp://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comwww.parentadvocates.orgwww.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.com Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Jesse Ventura Exposes Global Plot of Mass Murder by Bilderberg Group, Council on Foreign Relations, Skull & Bones and More.  Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit Inventor suggests ways to destroy these cults now.December 31st, 2009 If you missed Jesse Ventura Conspiracy Theory on Secret Cults (Bilderbergs, CFR, etc) last night, exposing their plot to murder 80% of world population already in motion please watch and pass it forward. Time to knock these elitist cults back to stone ages and seize their illegally gotten wealth for their crimes of Treason and way more. Welcome to Nazi New World Order, is this the best our supposed Ivy League brightest could come up with for the world???PART 1 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpMjY3t0NyM PART 2 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AY0RgF85QGI PART 3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWHAV4DQM4E&feature=channel PART 4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22cTmz7Ku2E&feature=channel PART 5 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgaQCNVYx4&feature=channel PART 6 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1rniD3qLwM These cults need to be exposed and stopped. The way will be by exposing them and then charging them with Legal Conspiracy and Treason. The 90% of the world they wish to exterminate must crush them now before they get any further. Sieze their assets, like Rockefeller, etc.to find their names go to www.iviewit.tv/senatecultbill.htm and http://iviewit.tv/bodyold20080402.htmAct Now before they begin mass extermination, many of these people actually have ties to former NAZIs imported into the United States through Operation Paperclip and more. So now what? Understand and Know Your Enemy (see above)Fear Not the Enemy, Fear Comes From Not Knowing the EnemyConfront the Enemy Try to Win Without Fighting, Some Enemies Choose War InsteadIf Peaceful Methods Fail Consult Sun Tzupart iv - Steps To Take Back America from Criminal Organizations and Subversive Cults Running/Ruining It and return the iviewit inventions to their true and proper inventors by returning America to the people, for the people1. Force disclosure of all politicians, PUBLIC SERVANTS who have sworn oath to Protect and Serve the People, to fully disclose any memberships in other organizations (Multinational Chairmans Group, Unacknowledged Special Access Programs, Bohemian Grove, Bilderberg, Council on Foreign Relations, Trilateral Commission, Le Cercle, 1001 Club, Pilgrim Society, Sun Valley Meetings, JASON Group, Yales Skull and Bones, Council of World Churches, World Trade Organization, Summit of the Americas, World Economic Forum, International Criminal Court, World Bank, etc.). They have sworn oath too subvert all other oaths takenthathave conflicting ideology with the oath of the cult. Force disclosure and force their meetings to be publicized, this way check and balanceis restored. Anyone found belonging to a subversive organization would be held liable for various degrees of treason against the United States and subject to death for gross abuse, all assets swept and prison for life.2. Question all current government employees to see if they currently belong too or have ever been involved in any organization that has a secret or undisclosed agenda. For those who are found to be involved in any active organizations not disclosed and who have sworn oath or allegiance to any ideology or belief that stands in opposition to their oath to the People and Constitution,try them and if guilty hang themat dawn. Treason chargesfor those found acting in anyway to advance such agendas through misuse of public office at all senior levels of government.3. Take back elections to the People as Constitutionally intended. Question how good of Supreme Court you have for picking the worst President, Bush, in their 5-4 decision, question if how that election was handled was proper, if not, remove anyone who Bush planted in power.How manyBush plantsbelong to the cults, who were put in power by a Skull & Bonespresident, you will be shocked how they have subverted thegovernment with the Supreme Idiots push into power. Many seatsof power willopen, once you throw out the cultists and thenget some good and honest judges to replace these Nazis or as Tarantino would have it, these New World Order Natzis. I mean Bush a sworn Bonesman from a family of Bonesman, his grandfather Prescotts companies siezed for trading with the enemy, Adolph Hitler, and we elected him as President, oops he was forced down our throats by the Supreme Jerkoffs, who also need to be tried and convicted for War Crimes, Treason and Sedition. Then do the same house cleaningfor theJustice Department which has corrupted to the Department of Injustice. Then on to the CIA which is wholly Bones influenced and has been causing most of our world problems for the profit of a few. Then to the FBI which may have gone to the dark side with subversion by the traitors.Anyone found manipulating election results to be tried for treason against the United Statesif found manipulating electionsfor the Presidency,treason charges for sure. If Bush was elected illegally, all his government and court plants should be instantly removed from office and tried.4. Any politician, lawyers, public servants found guilty of felonious activity, to lose all rights to pardon, where clear cause for the bettering of society can not be shown, with equal loss of personal assets and total loss of rights to ever hold any public office. Scarlet Letter to be attached to Albatross. Use the LOGAN ACT to stop their meeting in secret.5. Reach back into history and find any officials who belonged to any of the groups who hold treasonous intent to overthrow the government and remove their influences.6. Entirely ban politicians from campaign contributions and have fixed equal fixed budget, paid for by the People, for each to campaign fairly. If politicians want to be wealthy, let them earn it.7. Take back the Justice system and have them follow same protocol of disclosure to any subversive organizations as 1-8. Try Bush, Cheney, Rumesfeld, Rove, Libby, etc. for WAR CRIMES this will prove no one is above the law, if they did not committ the crimes they should not be afraid of WAR CRIME TRIALS, they should welcome the opportunity to prove their innocence and gain vindication for their ILLEGAL ACTS. 9. Bring treason charges to anyone in this Administration found to have committed any violations of any laws and bring war crime charges where needed. For Iviewit, well as soon as fair and impartial due process can be established, well, those few will lose all their assets under RICO and should be in Federal prisons for a long time on those crimes alone, crimes which also were all against the United States, foreign nations and the People of same.10. Require all lawyers and politicians to uphold strict conflict of interest and ethics laws, and again, for the guilty found violating our altering them, violations punished to the max. Institute a Court and Bar system whereby those involved in the process cannot be biased or part of the process in handling complaints against themselves and where lawyers are again subject to the same rule of law as the People and do not try to stand or act above it.11. If laws were changed to remove freedoms through debauchery and trickery, to relegate an agenda in opposition to the intent of the Constitution, rewrite the laws and use the new laws to punish those who attempted to change them with malicetriple the jury sentence.12. Institute a 90% estate tax law, as it was when it was providing 11% of tax revenue for the country andkept wealth circulating back to the People and stopped spoiled rotten trust fund babys from accumulating to much wealth by sitting on their asses and joining secret cults, etc. in attempts to increase family wealth by treasonous acts against hard working Americans. Do you know why Bush and Cheney were hiding the Skull agenda because it is treasonous, and now that you can see it and see that it actually is happening you should be alarmed to action. 13. Exception to Rule 12, entrepreneurs who make it honestly, can opt to pay off up to 50% of their estate tax by transferring assets such as companys to their employees who built the companys with them through vehicles such as ESOPs. Insurance to protect against estate taxes only up to 10% of the estate value.14. Stop all Antitrust, monopolistic activities, it just breeds spoiled children and there is a reason they are termed spoiled and rotten. Institute strict antitrust and enforce it, activity to prevent monopolization of corporations (ie, Microsoft, Walmart, AT&T for like the third time, the Press (ie, Murdoch, etc.) which harms the People and is inapposite of Constitutional intent.15. Get our soldiers home fromfalse wars ofprofiteering, war crime wars, for a few families and corporations benefit to the disadvantage and deadriment of the soldiers, the innocent non-combatant victims (600k est. Iraqis to get 52 bad guys) and rape the American pocket book steeped in BS wars again that are profiting them a conflict again worthy of treason charges. A war voted on and agreed to by Congress based on fraud and deceit to the American People by their leaders on both tickets. Kill those involved for treason or we will never close this horrible chapter in history of the greatest treason against the government and the People, ever planned by a bunch of sickos with law degrees and trust funds and family wealth and too much time on their hands. Remember these are NOT WARS as CONGRESS has NOT OFFICIALLY DECLARED ANY WARS. Therefore Bush and Obama and CONGRESS have no right to MOBILIZE THE TROOPS or use WAR FUNDS, these are all crimes of TREASON.16. Endorse the Senate Cult Billhttp://iviewit.tv/senatecultbill.htm Tags: ashcroft, bebe, bilderberg, bush, cheney, council on foreign relations, eliot bernstein, fema, gonzales, hillary clinton, iviewit, nazi, new world order, rachel maddow, rockefeller, sedition, skull & bones, swine flu, torture, treason, vaccine, war crime, war crimes, yoo Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Hillary Clinton Admits Council on Foreign Relations CFR Controls her!!!  Eliot Bernstein of Iviewit offers way to stop CULTS infiltrating the GovernmentDecember 29th, 2009 Copied from http://802it.com/?p=6181Do You Believe Elitist Control The U.S. Government?Secretary of State Hillary Clinton gave a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations on Wednesday July 15th 2009. During her opening remarks, Clinton admitted that the elitist CFR pulls the strings of the U.S. government. Clinton effectively said that she was happy that the CFR had created an outpost in Washington DC because it meant she did not have to travel as far to get her orders. Her exact words were: I am delighted to be here in these new headquarters. I have been often to, I guess, the mother ship in New York City, but its good to have an outpost of the Council right here down the street from the State Department. We get a lot of advice from the Council, so this will mean I wont have as far to go to be told what we should be doing and how we should think about the future.On January 6th, NBC interviewed Henry Kissinger on the floor of the NY Stock Exchange. Kissinger stated that Obama had the perfect setting for the establishment of a New World Order: His task will be to develop an overall strategy for America in this period when, really, a new world order can be created. Its a great opportunity, it isnt just a crisis. The phrase New World Order is the elites way of saying World Government under their control.7 Responses to Do You Believe Elitist Control The U.s. Government?True American Patriot Says:The rich have always controlled policy decisions. Republicans just cry elitism after they badly lose electionsDave87gn Says:Yes, the govt we elected does not run this country. Its run by elitest bankers, and captains of industry who use their money to control the policies and politicians of the land, and when the politicians dont do what they want- they assasinate them- like they did to JFKGovernments do not govern, but merely control the machinery of government, being themselves controlled by the hidden hand-Benjamin DisraeliNo More B.S. Says:yes.but the elitists are controlled by the illuminati.and they are controlled by the bilderburgers.who are controlled by the greyswho are controlled by the reptilianswho are controlled by the paladianswho are controlled by [leans in, and in conspiratorial tones whispers]the orange haired troll in dwayne orricks storage locker on the corner of main and industrial avenue..shhhh..Eliot Bernstein Says: Your comment is awaiting moderation.In the event that you thought it just a conspiracy theory, here it is in Hillarys own words. Hillarys obedience to the Rockafella thug org CFR goes way back to when she was a republican before becoming a switch hitter to the dems after her hero Nixon was busted. She is Rockafellas beatch, some say the first female Skull and Bonehead, a Bilderberger, a CFR member and member of just about any cult that practices elitism and sick sexual practices. Note how wealthy she has become from robbing the American people with her cfr buds. Problem with CFR new world order is it involves subverting our democracy for the benefit of the few, killing mass amounts of people worldwide, including the US and they laugh in the publics face as they do this openly. Time to destroy these cults is now before they take your rights wholly away and open their detention camps under FEMA aka CONCENTRATION CAMPS. The CFR, is a private group, that has secret meetings yet determines US policy, they provided all the false information for INVASION ILLEGALLY into Iraq and Afhghan, because in Iraq they are stealing oil and in Afghan they are dealing heroin to our children for their profit at the expense of our soldiers while bankrupting the country. Hang em high, this is treason and subversion. Obamas are CFR too, they have infiltrated Repub and Dem parties as this is part of their oath to the cfr, to take false oath to the people.For more on how to stop them, write your congresspeople demanding the Cult Bill at http://www.iviewit.tv/senatecultbill.htmEliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvhttp://www.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.htmlHttp://www.enddiscriminationnow.comHttp://www.corruptcourts.orgHttp://www.changecourtsnow.comhttp://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comhttp://www.parentadvocates.orghttp://www.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.com.. Says:i dont think being an elitist is a bad thing. Id rather have the people who went to the best colleges in the country running it then an average person. If the educated elitists make mistakes than i cant imagine what stupid people would do. I dont understand why people dont want the smartest people in the country shouldnt be running it.W J Says:The US is an oligarchy. Does anyone really think we have a government of the people, by the people, for the people? The government intentionally does the OPPOSITE of what most people in this country want to be done.The fed up matthew Says:Yes absolutely. Elitist globalist scum that think because they want world government everybody gets it.Mike Says:I believe that the elitist control everything.Tags: cfr, council on foreign relations, eliot bernstein, hillary clinton, iviewit, nazi, new world order, rockafeller, treason, war crime, war crimes Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments A Word to Rachel Maddow from Eliot Bernstein on MEDIA WAR CRIMES, AMERICAs WAR CRIMES and who is behind them and who is Aiding and Abetting themDecember 20th, 2009 Josh 6th Grade Report on GermanyFrom: Eliot Ivan Bernstein [mailto:iviewit@gmail.com]Sent: Sunday, December 20, 2009 9:42 AMTo: Rachel Maddow @ MSNBC (rachel@msnbc.com)Cc: countdown@msnbc.comSubject:Correction to prior E-mail sent titledWarmongering by MediaRachel ~ This is a rare treat for you as generally I do not ask for retraction on my words but I was wrong (ooouch) and I must come forward as it has revealed something perhaps far more profound. In my email below to you, I claimed that Hitler first killed disabled and then gays, then, etc. but I was wrong. Hitler first killed INTELLECTUALS with orders to shoot on the spot, no luxury train ticket to a death camp with ovens built by Karl Roves grandpappy. Yes, just kill them flat out, yes, Germans, intellectual Germans, those that could oppose him or start uprising against him. WHHHHAAAAATTTTT????? All my life I have heard mixed feelings about the German People from people who were front line and those in the camps, being Jewish I was confused, could all the German People by Nazis? I wondered and decided no, as even when I have traveled to Germany I did not feel nor experience any backlash, in fact, I sensed warmth and regret for what had happened. But could they overnight become oven boys again, I feared but no longer. I see that without the INTELLECTUALS the German People had no one to raise the consciousness of the uninformed and more the misinformed. Misinformed by the Geobells propaganda machine and lies, similar to FOX news.Smart little bugger Hitler, he murdered those smarties first and then murdered another bizarre group I learned next. Hitler, again on orders to shoot to kill, ordered all those (except the brown shirt inner circle) who HELPED him usurp power illegally, murdered. Why? as easily as they could betray their brothers and sisters to join the Nazi party, no matter who they turned in or gave information to help Hitler rise theywere ordered dead? Yes, again no camps, just killed, as if you could turn on your brother, mother, etc. to gain favorin the Nazi party, you could one day turn on Hitler, cant have those around can we now? Ah, then on to the Disabled, etc. as my email below describes correctly. Then on to camps to house and labor any other resistance from resistersinternally or externally. Then,those in the camps werejust worked to near death and then killed, ah the lovely barbeque smell of fresh flesh wafting through the German air.The importance of this is significant as now we know why the German People have been stuck with an image of a few bad apples whowithout this knowledge appear to have been complacent or even complicit. Not true, those who did or could have opposed Hitler died instantly once he assumed power, so the rest were probably scared, helping anyone Hitler did not like was the end for you and your family and they tracked blood lines, so tomorrow the knock was at your parents house too. Now complacency is the devils friend as it makes good people close their eyes to crimes against others and allows the evil to grow but blinded by propaganda day in and day out they were fooled. With only a 2/3 balance of good v evil (2 for good), complacency is the key for evil to grow, so it becomes worse than evil itself and accomplice. Complicit actionis direct evil, already equated in fraction as only 1 part that grows from complacency of theGoodonly. Did the German People try to revolt, I am sure it is near impossible to revolt when youre scared to death for your family and friends and all those who could lead the charge are dead or afraid. This is forced complacency and normally upon REAL INFORMATION not GOEBBELS PROPAGANDA the Peoplewill be appalled, as I find the German People generally are with Hitlers THUGS. I have attached my sons 6th grade project on Germany (at top of this blog post), it is telling, the ending is chilling for Americans.So how will Americans be judged for our leaders War Crimes, ascomplacent orcomplicit, allowing the evil to grow without challenge? No, we the PEOPLE are being lied to by our WAR CRIMINAL CONGRESS and WAR CRIMINAL MEDIA. So I have included a draft of a War Document I am preparing that alleges that since no WARS have been officially been declared by Congress legally, NO WAR POWERS OR FUNDS shall congress or the executive have without committing TREASON. Butthe MEDIA is brainwashing the masses that there is a WAR (A BIG FAT LIE) and by using the word WAR, the and Congress and the Executive and Judicial Brancheshave illegally circumvented the LAW REGARDING WARand in so doing, have committed TREASON as legally defined, as you are not allowed to MOBILIZE and MURDER TROOPS without OFFICIAL WAR DECLARATIONS. Every single member of Congress who have voted for these crimes, should be tried, yes, most of them, and our country will REBOOT, new fresh faces, fearful of Treason as Bush, Cheney and Rummys feet dangle from the hangmans noose.OK  Draft of War Crime Treatise.Well Excuse Me but did I hear the word WAR, a definable legal concept with rules and regulations engraved in law? There are NO WARS currently LEGALLY waged according to US Laws and therefore WAR POWERS and WAR FUNDS appear used ILLEGALLY by CONGRESS, the EXECUTIVE and the COURTS. A President can declare a war in an Emergency but then at the next convening of Congress, the Congress must OFFICIALLY DECLARE LEGAL WAR on the enemy. Remember it has to be a real Enemy, usually one with country, airforce, nukes, etc.not a WAR on a WORD - TERROR - that is a war tactic. At the next meetingofCongressif Congress does not DECLARE LEGAL OFFICIAL WARNO WAR FUNDS OR WAR POWERS CAN BE USED legally forward. Sure you can call it aninsurgency oroccupation orcovert action, usually illegally but different rules apply to these, but those powers are limited and the funds usually secret, etc To violate the LAWS OF WAGING WAR, is to COMMIT TROOPS ILLEGALLY and steal WAR FUNDS illegally and KILL SOLDIERS ILLEGALLY and TORTURE PEOPLE ILLEGALLY and WAG WAR ILLEGALLY! No small abrogation of LAW, major crimes falling under the absolute definition of TREASON and SEDITION, we can hang ya for these crimes. Eventually, when this coup on country by our leaders is defeated, these WAR CRIMINALS WILL ALL BE TRIED TOO, including all those TWO FACED LYING POLITICIANS who voted to give WAR POWERS and FUNDS ILLEGALLY, sacrificethe LIVES OF SOLDIERS in false WARS, sacrifice the LIVESof the VICTIMS of our WAR CRIMES against their countries and STOLEthe FUNDS to finance these CRIMES ILLEGALLY. Good riddance to all in Congress Repub or Dem who aided and abetted the ILLEGAL WARS GRANTING ILLEGAL WARPOWERS that have led to WAR CRIMES. As our leader parade around, scaring you about WAR from TERRORISTS, to hide their crimes through fear mongering and misnomers like WAR and PATRIOT ACT, they all commit war crimes, except the few lone wolves in Congress who voted against the WAR CRIMES, say Kucinich, Paul, Gravel, and ??? What are we the PEOPLE to DO when the GOVERNMENT is committing CRIMES in our, the PEOPLES names? We the People are then compelled by the Constitution to bear arms and form militias to beat them out of office, if voting them out does not work due to voter fraud. Hijacking the vote already occurred like when the country went to Hell in a Bucket, when the Supreme Idiots voted the biggest loser President Bush into power by a 5-4 vote. At that moment in history we witnessed and did not PROTEST theusurping of our Democracy and theypicked a DECIDER who was a DECIDEDLY EVIL GUY AND A WAR CRIMINAL.With this SUPREME TREASON to usurp the People Vote,went the very word Democracy and to fix the country we will need to reboot the country to that point and remove any one that Bush appointed, as his crown was gained illegally by voter FRAUD committed by the Supreme Court Justice, the 5 that appointed him. Prescott Bush should be proud of his grandson, Prescotts companies seized for trading with the ENEMY HITLER in WORLD WAR II, leading to the death of many US Soldiers, his grandson followed well in his footsteps.Once the SUPREME ELECTION FIX WAS IN, the FOX was in the HENHOUSE and look what followed. A dictatorship, no laws, EXECUTIVES and JUDGES and LAWYERS claiming now they are above the law committing WAR CRIMES.Cheney/Bush/Rummy/Condiopenly admitting WAR CRIMES and trying to have LAWYERS and JUDGES rewrite law to fit the crime, making them above the law. Why would the JUDGES, LAWYERS and JUSTICE Department do this and destroy AMERICA. Simple, they are part of a coup dtat to subvert sovereignty and subvert the US Constitution and LAW, welcome the ROCKEFELLERS (Rockafella) group of Fascist Oligarchial PIGS ( Council on Foreign Relations Members, Skull& Bones Members,same guys whose grandfatherstried to align the country with their mentor Adolph Hitler in the Business Plot. Yes, the Supreme Idiots voted in the grandson of a Nazi sympathizer into the highest office in the US, right under our brainwashed and lied to face.Check out the very hidden piece of history known as the BUSINESS PLOT @ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business_Plot and http://www.huppi.com/kangaroo/Coup.htm and keep in mind that although there were congressional hearings, McCormick Dickstein hearings, which exposed the plot of these globalist fat sick demented twisted spoiled rotten pigs (sorry pigs for the association) to kill FDR, the coup was exposed early to prevent a second assasination attempt on FDR and they did not have enough evidence to try the fat cats. Huhhhh, that was missing from my history book too, a plot to align the UNITED STATES with Hitler and then turn the US Army against the US Population????JP Morgan, Rockefeller, Carnagie, Ford, IBM, etc. sounds like the same guys ruining our country and raping the people financially and ethically, Nazis or as Tarantino calls them, NAATZIs. An aligning with the Nazis with the eventual goal of exterminating the very People of the United States whose hard work built these oligarchs empires and those spoiled rotten (who keep getting rottener as they inbreed) who then inherited empires for no other reason than birth. No hard work, no respect for those with day job, just spoiled and resentful compounding with each generation, compounding their hate for the common man. Spoiled into Ivy Leagues graduated with bought degrees, no day job in college to pay and take their time, they met in secret cults of elitist pigs, hating those who made it in the free world, hating they have no spine, plotting against those that run the companies and do the work. So incompetent are these elitists with the disease of elitism, that to succeed they must steal and rip off people, or kill them to steal their monies from their teeth, or wage ILLEGAL WARS upon nations to steal their oil and dope.So after US WAR HERO Smedley Darlington Butler exposed the Business Plot Coup Dtat , the traitors were pushed back but WERE NOT TRIED and convicted for TREASON (big mistake for it let them breed for us now to fight them) and instead they went into secret plotting to one day overthrow the country, using our educational institutions to plot and recruit. Mostly the coup plotted in Ivy League schools funded by Hitler Jr. Mr. Rockafella (Rockefeller), for example, at Yale, in the crypt of Skull and Bones where grown men urinate on new tapped recruits and dress in Nazi fatigues as part of member dues ( I also hear they mastrabate to TORTURE VIDEOS LIKE ABU GRAIB in the tomb). Other Rockafella (a root of evil) funded Nazi training grounds areHarvard, University of Chicago and Columbia, but only the select few in the cult know whasup.In these cults which have oaths specifically designed at destroying our nation for their gain (similar to the FAMILY OR C-STREET you are exposing) and the Skull and Bones, theymodel themselves after PIRATES and HITLER so what do you expect to happen to our country when these NAZI PIRATES take over through secretive subversion? Exactly what we have, WAR CRIMES, TORTURE, REMOVAL OF HABEAS RIGHTS, REMOVAL OF PERSONAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, CONGLOMERATION OF BUSINESS TO A SELECT FEW and BASIC FASCIST/NAZI AMERICA. How were they successful, they tricked the PEOPLE and stole the MEDIA to create false PROPAGANDA to BRAINWASH OUR VERY OWN CHILDREN? They hope you will think it is all a conspiracy theory, not a LEGAL CONSPIRACY WHICH INVOLVES TWO OR MORE PEOPLE WORKING TOGETHER TO COMMIT CRIME AGAINST OTHERS; legal conspiracies defined by FACT, not theory. The FACTS are clear, these guys running the US, from Executive to Congressional to Judicial are committing WAR CRIMES and financial crimes, yet they appear bulletproof to prosecution, why?Because like Hitler, they have seized government and justice and the courts and thus who can stop them but the PEOPLE and they are sedated with Brain Wash much like FOX and MSNBC (some of the Morning Programs, not yours yet, or a few braze journalist). These programs incite repubs and dems to fight and hate the other, not just have different points of few,whippingeach party in hate of the other, these cultish freaks do this purposely, as they sneak their NAZI agenda through They, the PEOPLE are not stupid People, nor SHEEP (yet) they are MISINFORMED and SUBJECT TO BRAIN WASH 24/7 by bobble heads, not investigative journalists but lip synching, apparently former Playboy models or daughters of the elite. Like Mika whose father Zbigniew Brzezinski is Rockafellas right hand man who started CFR and Trilaterals to be the front spokesperson for the cults through these more public organizations, that appear governmental. Note that these NON-GOVERNMENT AGENCIES LIKE CFR influence our politics by distributing war mongering papers to the media etc, the false propaganda for the IRAQ WAR all camefrom these WAR PROFITEERSand brainwash the Peoplespewing these lies over and over, like we are in a WAR when NO OFFICIAL WAR HAS BEEN DECLARED. These WAR CRIMESmakes me demand that YOU RACHEL MADDOW, separate from these WAR CRIMINAL PROPAGANDA MIESTERS and stand apart from the rest and NEVER USE THE WORD WAR AGAIN IN YOUR REPORTING, UNTIL ONE IS DECLARED OFFICIALLY. OTHERWISE YOU BECOME A PART OF THE CRIME, A COMPLICIT PART. I DEMAND YOU AND THE NEWS ORG YOU WORK FOR TO STOP USING THE W-WORD, CALL IT WHAT IT IS, AN ILLEGAL OCCUPATION BY AN AGGRESSOR NATION.In fact, Mika sits with Morning Joe, whose assistant was found dead in her 20s at her desk in his office when he was a Florida politician. Whose death has not been investigated, as the official account is she fell asleep, hit her head on the desk and died??? Mikas grandfather is partially responsible for inciting World War II. Great Show on MSNBC, CFR elitists, like RICHARD HAAS, fresh out of secret cult CFR meetings daily spewing lies and propaganda,guests on MSNBC to brainwash through LIES LIES LIES the PEOPLE into WAR WAR WAR, I mean ILLEGAL WARS of course constituting WAR CRIMES.So please immediately expose the misuse of the word WAR or you too may be subject to WAR CRIMES, for disseminating blatantly false information to the People to misinform them and make them believe we are at WAR is a WAR CRIME. Funny thing is, THE LYING COMPLICIT MEDIA have the People believing that we are at WAR with terrorists who have NO ARMY, NO AIR FORCE (except the planes they supposedly have to borrow), NO NUCLEAR BOMBS, NO COMBAT BOOTS and train on jungle gyms with ak47s. Wow, I am scared of these people on flying camels are not you? What if they get a nuke, ooooo Im shakin, Cheneys dream scenario to scare THE PEOPLE (like Hitler did) to death and remove all your personal freedoms and properties by you volunteering as a COWARD? OK, for Christmas let us give the Terrorists one nuke, gift wrapped with bow and on the card say I dare you to use this from within any country. SantaWhy do this? Simply knowing we have thousands of nukes, knowing we have REAL enemies like Russia who also have thousands of nukes, knowing we have used them not once but twice on a REAL ENEMY in a REAL DECLARED WAR and ultimately knowing we will so do again if we think necessary, is comforting and makes me not fear anyone on the planet as a Proud American. Also knowing, no country would harbor someone who would detonate a bomb on the US, for fear of waking a sleeping vicious monster who will deploy hundreds of nukes in response upon the land that harbored such terrorists.Herein lies the answer to solving your fears of terrorists getting a nuclear dirty bomb. Are you afraid of these guys on camels with a dirty bomb when some of our REAL enemies already have thousands of nukes already pointed at us, who are far more likely to use them than a rogue one off like Iran or Iraq but the CFR is trying to beat that drum, high Richard and Zbigitnew, you war mongering Nazi left overs. So you see, we darethe terrorists to launch, find somewhere to launch it from, hope it kills a lot of us for the damage coming back onthem andtheir enemy harboring friends will be extinction, radioactive rubblefor years to come. Knowing thisyou sleep soundly and can again travel the airports without all those limiting illegal searches whereby somehow you feel like a terrorist or should report someone who looks like one, what does one look like, Timmy McViegh? If you remain scared, you are a coward and do not deserve freedom, US Soldiers have died to give you the freedoms by fighting real armies, with airforces, and bombs, andnavies, not camels thatyou give up your RIGHTSin fear of, US soldiers vomit in their graves.The Media is the worst enemy of the state for they allow Domestic Terrorists to prey upon the PEOPLE using FEAR FEAR TERROR TERROR RED GREEEN YELLOW BEIGE ALERTS, fear illegally propagated to remove your Rights and then your property. So Rachel, raise the consciousness of the PEOPLE, tell them the TRUTH, fear not those morning monsters. Get the PEOPLE ANGEREDandPROTESTING OUTin the streets to protest our leaders WAR CRIMES, these ILLEGAL WARS. Act like the RIGHT ARM OF ANARCHYandget them off the couch, donot act like the LEFT ARM OF CORRUPTION. Inform the PEOPLE like a real journalist that the country is under a coup dtat by DOMESTIC TERRORISTS disguised as lawyers, law makers, congressmen, judges and justice officials, they have taken over and removed the checks and balances. They have infiltrated in secret, they have committed treason, tell them to take back the country from their grip, it is every citizens duty. Demand our leaders follow the laws, expose their treasonous behavior, try them, and fry them if convicted. As always, frying pans free @ www.iviewit.tv -ORIGINAL EMAILRachel, I watched last night as you spoke eloquently about Obamas Peace Prize War Speech and I cringed at the use of the word WAR to describe our acts of Aggression called ILLEGAL INVASION OR ILLEGAL OCCUPATIONS. We are not legally in any WARS, Congress has declared no war, so why refer to them as WARS? Why, perhaps because without a WAR the president would not be able to use WAR powers or WAR funds. So they created a WAR on TERROR and what constitutes TERROR or TERRORIST??? I was with a WARRIOR who claimed that he took an oath to protect our country from terrorists both foreign and domestic and that he was not afraid of the foreign TERRORISTS who have no army, navy, air force, nuclear bombs or the likes and are on camels with sandals and AK47s who have to borrow our commercial planes to attack us. He was worried aboutDOMESTIC TERRORISTS like Bush, Cheney, Rove, Rummy, the CFR, etc. (dont let Zbigitnew brainwash you too, youre so cute as a reporter who cares to investigate and uncover stories v. bubble headed lip synching spoiled rotten to rancid ditz). Why is this so important, this misuse of WAR as a term, because it indicates we are at WAR and Congress and the PEOPLE have approved, not ZBIGITNEW found a way around law with his BER bud Rockafella, who plan on mass murdering our people and others worldwide in their CFR Nazi plan. So get back a set of cajones (sp) and jam the fact that there are NO WARS and that perhaps our leaders are TREASONOUSLY misusing WAR POWERS and WAR CHEST FUNDS for ACTS OF AGGRESSION and committing WAR CRIMES in our names. If you do not, keep in mind that the first people Hitler Murdered were not the Jews but Dissenting Germans, Disabled Germans, then Gay Germans, then Gypsies, then Jews and then anyone who did not have blond hair and blue eyes. From the Popes Wikipedia it should be noted that A. the pope was a Nazi and B. that he turned in his cousin who was disabled over to the NAZIs for extermination while a Hitler youth, sent him to his death and got a promotion for it to Luftswaffa. Wikipedia has massaged the truth a bit but also note his home was then used to start a program to import REAL Nazis into America, oft under Jewish identities which they picked from the pockets of the DEAD, with their gold in their teeth of course. A birdie told me they killed the last Pope to get the new Nazi pope in, just like they killed Rehnquist when he refused to remove habeas and go along with the other Nazi plans of torture and war profiteering. Like they showed up to kill Ashcroft when he would not go the last mile with the Nazi plan, like Cheney shooting lawyers in the face (the only act of his life I may approve of) when they were not going to tow the Nazi line. Remember Bushs grandpa Prescott was a Nazi sympathizer whose companies were seized for trading with the enemy and Roves name is really Rovenheimer, same family that built the ovens for Adolph. Do not let your soul get infected by Morning Joe Murderer or Mika Bride of Frankenstein CFR hoe bag, stay pure and fear no EVIL. Your friend and fan ~ EliotPope Stuff from his Wiki @ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pope_Benedict_XVI Following his 14th birthday in 1941, Ratzinger was conscripted in the Hitler Youth, as membership was required for all 14-year old German boys after December 1939,[7] but was an unenthusiastic member and refused to attend meetings.[8] (His father was a bitter enemy of Nazism, believing it conflicted with the Catholic faith. In 1941, one of Ratzingers cousins, a 14-year-old boy with Down syndrome, was taken away by the Nazi regime and killed during the Aktion T4 campaign of Nazi eugenics.[9]) In 1943, while still in seminary, he was drafted into the German anti-aircraft corps. Ratzinger then trained in the German infantry, but a subsequent illness precluded him from the usual rigours of military duty. As the Allied front drew closer to his post in 1945, he deserted back to his familys home in Traunstein after his unit had ceased to exist, just as American troops established their headquarters in the Ratzinger household [may be were Operation Paperclip was executed, a Nazi tunnel to America]. As a German soldier, he was put in a POW camp, but was released a few months later at the end of the war in the summer of 1945. He reentered the seminary, along with his brother Georg, in November of that year.Following repatriation in 1945, the two brothers entered Saint Michael Seminary in Traunstein, later studying at the Ducal Georgianum (Herzogliches Georgianum) of the Ludwig-Maximilian University in Munich. They were both ordained in Freising on 29 June 1951 by Cardinal Michael von Faulhaber of Munich. Ratzinger recalled:at the moment the elderly Archbishop laid his hands on me, a little bird  perhaps a lark  flew up from the altar in the high cathedral and trilled a little joyful song.[10]Ratzingers 1953 dissertation was on St. Augustine and was entitled The People and the House of God in Augustines Doctrine of the Church. His Habilitation (which qualified him for a professorship) was on Bonaventure. It was completed in 1957 and he became a professor of Freising College in 1958.HomosexualityDuring his time as Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith (CDF) Benedict XVI made several efforts to tackle the issue of homosexuality within the Church and the wider world. In 1986 the CDF sent a letter to all Bishops entitled: On the Pastoral Care of Homosexual Persons. The letter condemned a liberal interpretation of the earlier CDF document Declaration on Certain Questions Concerning Sexual Ethics, which had led to a benign attitude to the homosexual condition itself.. On the Pastoral Care of Homosexual Persons clarified that the Church position on Homosexuality was that although the particular inclination of the homosexual person is not a sin, it is a more or less strong tendency ordered toward an intrinsic moral evil; and thus the inclination itself must be seen as an objective disorder.[114] However the document also condemned homophobic attacks and violence stating It is deplorable that homosexual persons have been and are the object of violent malice in speech or in action. Such treatment deserves condemnation from the Churchs pastors wherever it occurs.[115]In 1992 he again approved CDF documents declaring that homosexual inclination itself must be seen as an objective disorder and extended this principle to civil law. Sexual orientation, the document opined, was not equivalent to race or ethnicity, and it declared that it was not unjust discrimination to take sexual orientation into account.[116]I-VIEW-IT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with VisionEliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.html Tags: eliot bernstein, iviewit, nazi, rachel maddow, sedition, treason, war crime Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS (The Real Ones) MUST UNITE AGAINST CULT INFILTRATION OF BOTH PARTIES BY FREAKY CULT ELITISTS AND REGAIN AMERICA, SAVE OUR DEMOCRACY FROM DOMESTIC TERRORISTS CLOAKED AS CONGRESSMEN, EXECUTIVE BRANCH AND JUDICIAL BRANCH WHO THINK THEY ARE YOUR DECIDERS.  YOUR COUNTRY CALLS UPON THE PEOPLE TO REBOOT THE GOVERNMENT WHEN IT HAS CORRUPTED.  MAKE GOVERNMENT FEAR PEOPLE NOT PEOPLE FEAR GOVERNMENT, HANG THEM FOR CRIMES OF TREASON AND WAR CRIMES AND GET SOME FRESH FACES.  suggestion by Eliot Bernstein, Inventor IviewitDecember 13th, 2009 DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS (The Real Ones) MUST UNITE AGAINST CULT INFILTRATION OF BOTH PARTIES BY FREAKY CULT ELITISTS AND REGAIN AMERICA, SAVE OUR DEMOCRACY FROM DOMESTIC TERRORISTS CLOAKED AS CONGRESSMEN, EXECUTIVE BRANCH AND JUDICIAL BRANCH WHO THINK THEY ARE YOUR DECIDERS. YOUR COUNTRY CALLS UPON THE PEOPLE TO REBOOT THE GOVERNMENT WHEN IT HAS CORRUPTED. MAKE GOVERNMENT FEAR PEOPLE NOT PEOPLE FEAR GOVERNMENT, HANG THEM FOR CRIMES OF TREASON AND WAR CRIMES AND GET SOME FRESH FACES.-ACLU Blasts Obama on Bushs Crimes By Jason Leopold December 12, 2009Despite Barack Obamas high-minded words about just wars and human rights  most recently in his Nobel Peace Prize speech  the U.S. President has shielded officials from George W. Bushs administration from accountability for torture and other war crimes, prompting stern rebukes from leading advocates of civil liberties. http://www.consortiumnews.com/2009/121209a.htmlNow that the love affair with Obama based on his NOT being George W. is over and we begin to judge him and his cabinet which still has some Skulls (Austen Goolsbee), left over Bush idiots in key posts, a host more of the CFR, lets see if he is really just a spin artist of the CFR, keep in mind his BRAIN is , Zbigniew (ZBIGIT) Brzeziski (father to MSNBCs MIKA bobblehead, who sits with Morning Joe Murder Scarsborough, no Joe we have not forgot you murdered your intern to prevent her exposing the election fraud of bush v. gore here in FL). For examples Also note, Clinton, McCain, and all the other candidates (excepting Ron Paul) have ties with the CFR as well. (the CFR has been choosing our candidates). THEY ARE RELATED BUSH + CHENEY + OBAMA dont believe me http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Qy97pFDLig . So now that you are informed pass this information to everyone you know who cares about our Constitution and Democracy, post their names to the light, expose their secret meetings, infiltrate their cults, destroy them as the greatest TERRORIST threat to our Nation, far more scary than a guy on dialysis on a camel with no combat boots, no air force, no navy and no nukes. These guys, yes our Executive Branch and Judicial Branch have corrupted, time to REBOOT them as the CONSTITUTION Dictates. NOW, before too late, before they begin extermination of humans as they appear to hate people who are not part of elitist bs New World Disorder of Horror. The country and many others are in grave danger of these Elitist Pigs.Barack Obama may not an official member of the Council on Foreign Relations but he uses his wifes membership to fool you that he is not. Nevertheless, he and his presidential campaign are incontrovertibly affiliated with and supported by numerous (corporate) CFR members.His wife, Michelle Obama, is a member of a branch of the CFR in Chicago.The Obama campaign has taken major contributions from corporate CFR members such as:JP Morgan Chase & Co  $282,387Goldman Sachs  $474,428Lehman Brothers  $274,147UBS (ag)  $298,180Citigroup  $247,436Google  $192,808Time Warner  $190,091*****Note that many of these companies are behind the ECONOMIC RIGGED COLLAPSE OF THE ECONOMY.Individuals:Obamas foreign policy adviser, Zbigniew (ZBIGIT) Brzezinski (family was instrumental in starting WWII, he wants out do his granpa with WW III), is a member of the CFR (as well as the Chief Executive Officer on the Trilateral Commission of the Bilderberg group)! ZBIGIT and ROCKAFELLA are founders, ROCKY a SKULL bigwig. Austan Dean Goolsbee, (born August 18, 1969), is a U.S. economist, currently serving under President Barack Obama as a member of the Council of Economic Advisers[1] and as staff director and chief economist of a new federal panel, the Presidents Economic Recovery Advisory Board chaired by Paul Volcker.[2] Goolsbee is on leave from the University of Chicago where he is the Robert P. Gwinn Professor of Economics at the Booth School of Business. Mr. Goolsbee is a member of Skull and Bones, a society at Yale University.[6] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austan_Goolsbee So whats the problem?The CFR is a very powerful organization with one goal: to overcome the problem with borders. Under the guise of free-trade, as good as it might sound, it is not just trade  it is to allow trade, uninhibited. Not just the trade, but the exchange of everything. This would ultimately destroy sovereignty, national identity, and our Bill of Rights. The Constitution was designed to restrict the power of government. It is getting in the way of the interests of a small group of elite people who wish to control the world, in order to sustain their immense power and wealth over the nation.Obama complies, Clinton is a member, McCain is a Manchurian candidate. Ron Paul is the Champion of the Constitution no cult affiliation, Mike Gravel not a member, yes they both ran for US President and got less than 10 minutes of airtime.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDh4dS2bnAA&feature=PlayList&p=8AF7A442C8400657&index=0&playnext=1 The Federal Reserve is neither Federal nor a Reserve. Owned by a corrupt group of International Bankers, it is a privately owned monopoly, largely responsible for creating Americas National Debt. It is also a parasitic and unnecessary entity that literally creates American currency out of nothing and then collects interest on the backs of taxpayers for doing so._______________________________________Part 1: Corrupt Federal Reserve  Robbing Americans Since 1913 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPU8w7_______________________________________Part 2: CFR  The Secret Governmenthttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQZ56hhttp://www.cfr.org/bios/11603/barack_obama.html_______________________________________Part 3: CFR Propaganda  The Medias Main Stranglehold http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrGNNZ_______________________________________LINKS and REFERENCES:1. Illegal IRS: The Unmasked deceptions of the Internal Revenue Service which is privately owned and actually operates out of Puerto Rico, with agents who represent them in the US (31 Questions and Answers with legal references):http://www.supremelaw.org/sls/31answe2. Recommended Documentary: America: From Freedom to Fascism3. The Shrinking Value of the Dollar:http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0001514. Many homeless Middle Class are living in their cars; from a New York Times article story on the mobile homeless:http://www.dailykos.com/story/2006/4/5. that plush North American lifestyle to which weve all grown accustomed has been bought on credit, and the bill is rapidly nearing its due date.http://www.macleans.ca/topstories/wor6. Former World Bank Vice President, Chief Economist and Nobel Prize winner Joseph Stiglitz has predicted a global economic crashhttp://www.propagandamatrix.com/artic7. As the US current-account deficit rose over the past half-decade, international economists have lined up to predict doom  J. Bradford DeLong, Professor of Economics & former Assistant US Treasury Secretary.http://www.project-syndicate.org/comm8. The reason we cannot accomplish this seemingly simple task of balancing currency with production is that our government does not exercise its sovereign prerogative of controlling the money supply Business Week: by Mark Weisbrot http://www.commondreams.org/headlines9. Creating the North American Union:http://www.thenewamerican.com/artman/_______________________________________WHO OWNS THE FEDERAL RESERVE?The Rothschilds of London and Berlin; Lazard Brothers of Paris; Israel Moses Seif of Italy; Kuhn, Loeb and Warburg of Germany; and the Lehman Brothers, Goldman Sachs and the Rockefeller families.http://www.nowpublic.com/obama-cfr Notable members of the CFR include: Dick CheneyJohn KerryBill ClintonAl GoreRonald ReaganGeorge H. W. BushGerald FordRichard NixonJohn, David & Nelson RockefellerCondolezza RicePaul WolfowitzAlan GreenspanColon PowellHenry KissingerAngelina Jolie (Yes, the actress has a five year term membership as an ambassador) Note her movies are all about the cult, in your face style, careful what you worship.Its membership list is a whos who of Washington and Wall St. elite going back nearly a century. It should not be surprising that most presidential candidates in the 2008 election are CFR members. Candidates do not advertise their CFR membership to the public. They pose as liberals and conservatives to control all aspects of the debate. The CFR has stacked the deck for the 2008 election with several members in the race from both sides of the isle: Democrat CFR Candidates:Barack ObamaHillary ClintonJohn EdwardsChris DoddBill RichardsonRepublican CFR Candidates:Mitt RomneyRudy GiulianiJohn McCainFred Thompson Newt GingrichThe mainstream medias self-proclaimed top tier candidates are united in their CFR membership, while an unwitting public perceives political diversity. The unwitting public has been conditioned to instinctively deny such a mass deception could ever be hidden in plain view. Presidential Candidate & Congressman Ron Paul is the only top tier candidate who is not a member of the CFR.Although many politicians hold membership, It must be noted that the Council on Foreign Relations is a non-governmental organization. The CFRs membership is a union of politicians, bankers, and scholars, with several large businesses holding additional corporate memberships.Corporate members include:Halliburton of DubaiBritish PetroleumDutch Royal ShellExxon MobileGeneral Electric (NBC)ChevronLockheed MartinMerck PharmaceuticalsNews Corp (FOX)BloombergIBMTime WarnerJP Morgan/ Chase Manhattan & several othermajor financial institutionsMembers are united in their interventionist intentions with the goal of a consolidated global governance. The CFRs mission is to influence policy through the reach of its members and publications. Those who study the CFR ideology are recruited and cultured for membership. The best and brightest university students are taught to propagate the CFR model.Individuals who both subscribe to the CFR ideology and can bring an element of capital (political status, business influence, money) to the group will be given membership. Members meet at the CFR headquarters in Manhattan and Washington DC, and round-table style discussions are held for its membership to discuss foreign affairs and make recommendations on policy. The CFR often creates task forces to report findings and policy prescriptions (cfr.org) for specific current world events, and also publishes the periodical Foreign Affairs magazine. CFR authors are often found in mainstream media publications. In a recent issue of TIME magazine, one CFR member writes: The US should make (Pakistani President & US intelligence asset) Musharraf the best dictator he can be.Another author, this time in Newsweek magazine objectively argues to the readers that the world really isnt all that bad in an article titled Dont Worry, Be Happy. Currently, the front page of CFR.org features essays on European anti-terrorism measures, radical Iranians, and the reemergence of the nuclear threat (CFR members in government control the nuclear football). Many prominent publications are influenced and controlled by the CFR:TimeNewsweekUS News & World ReportAtlantic MonthlyForbes & several major publishing houseshttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlUkfM-AJDk&NR=1&feature=fvwpMUST SEE CFR VIDEO and ROCKAFELLA WORDS OF WISDOM FOR FACIST NATZISMembers of the CFR in the media intend to inject its pro-globalist arguments into the mainstream consciousness. Although the CFR is self-described as a non-partisan association, it unabashedly promotes a one-world-government agenda without regard for US sovereignty or the desires of the American people.The goals of the CFR is best described by its very own members. Bill Clintons Georgetown mentor and CFR member Carroll Quigley states: The Council on Foreign Relations is the American branch of a society which originated in England (and) believes national boundaries should be obliterated and one world rule established.. Quigley differs from many of his CFR colleagues in that he believes their plan for a new world order should be more publicly disclosed. In his book Tragedy and Hope, Quigley concedes he is unique among his peers in that he believes the new world order plan of global governments role in history is significant enough to be known. Quigley also admits that the two-party system allows for both groups to be controlled at the highest level but operate like bitter rivals. As Quigley says, this gives the voters the chance to throw the rascals out at any election without leading to any profound of extreme shifts in policy.. Controlling Washington elite allowed private central banks to dominate the political system and economy of world as a whole and implement a new system of feudalist fashion through secret agreements. Although he believes the CFRs intentions should be more public, Quigley understands the average person doesnt understand feudalism or serfdom and will never read his book.Surprisingly, many of its own members admit the CFR goal is to subvert the democratic process. CFR member and Judge Advocate General of the US Navy Admiral Chester Ward writes The main purpose of the (CFR) is promoting the disarmament of US sovereignty and national dependence and submergence into and all powerful, one world government..This high ranking military officer went on to explain their procedures for influencing policy, claiming: Once the ruling members of the CFR shadow government have decided that the US government should adopt a particular policy, the very substantial research facilities of the CFR are put to work to develop arguments, intellectual and emotional, to support the new policy and to confound and discredit, intellectually and politically, any opposition.. The CFRs strategy is also being used to promote world government as well as the new environmental agenda. Obama and most candidates have made the environment a major issue in the policy. The CFR has long suggested a global tax, specifically identifying the environmental movement as a means for its advancement. All CFR candidates align themselves with the position that the government has both the ability and responsibility to maintain the worlds environment. Good intentioned individuals may genuinely seek environmental protection, but nongovernmental organizations are quickly capitalizing on land acquisitions and taxes in the name of global warming. While most scientist agree the planet earth is undergoing a degree of climactic change, the CFR admits the environmental argument will be used to erode national sovereignty and build up their global authority.Proposed Carbon Taxes place carbon expenditure ratings on mundane human activities. Contrary to popular misconceptions, CO2 is by no means a pollutant. As an essential gas for life, plants thrive on increased levels of CO2 which in turn they produce higher levels of oxygen. Furthermore, carbon based life forms emit carbon to the atmosphere, hence a Carbon Tax is a tariff for doing nothing but maintaining life. A popular movement lead by the CFRs own Al Gore would have you believe CO2 is the root cause of environmental woes while ignoring real industrial pollution in developing countries. There are serious environmental problems that are ignored in favor of issues that can be used to tax the broad population.Environmental protection has already lead countries to willingly surrender control of natural resources. The US has ceded control of natural resources to the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) in a land grab under the guise of environmental protection. UNESCO is part of the United Nations, an organization controlled by many CFR members like permanent US ambassador John Bolton. The CFRs President Richard N. Haass boldly admits Some governments are prepared to give up elements of sovereignty to address the threat of global climate change.. He adds that this Globalisation thus implies that sovereignty needs to become weaker.. While it is important to be conscious of humans effects on the earth, nongovernmental organizations like the CFR see an opportunity to redistribute wealth through selective enforcement targeting the US. The CFR openly states its intentions of using the environmental movement and other emotional arguments to build up global authority and undermine US sovereignty.The CFR backs other programs that promote regional governments. Another ambitious goal of the CFR is the implementation of regional unions under the control of a central world government. World leaders are moving towards a regional partnership of North America consisting of Canada, the US, and Mexico. In 2005, the CFR released a report titled Building an American Community which sought to eliminate borders between the three North American countries. One part of the plan called for decreasing government control of cross-border traffic in an effort to dissolve national borders. Robert Pastor, a vice chairman of the task force that released Building a North American Community, names the Amero as a hypothetical unified North American currency similar to the Euro. Carried out with precision, the private, run-for-profit federal reserve bank has massively devalued the US dollar, allowing foreign corporations to buy up US resources for literal pennies on the dollar. The European Union is a similar model to the North American partnership. The EU was hugely opposed by Europeans, and took a half century for the complicit European power elites to fully implement the union.During his time as Prime Minister, Tony Blair tried several times for the United Kingdoms adoption of the unpopular EU constitution that was also staunchly rejected by French and Dutch voters. The current Prime Minister Gordon Brown continues to advance a similar constitution under a new name. Like the EU, American countries would keep their governmental infrastructure but all policy would be superseded by a regional constitution.Already in place in North America is the Security and Prosperity Partnership (spp.gov) established in a meeting between Bush, Mexican President Vicente Fox, and Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin. The SPP consolidates protection of the North American Union by establishing a security perimeter extending north of Canada to the Mexican/ Guatemalan border. This measure was authorized under Bushs ambiguous executive authority, thus avoiding any congressional input or oversight. It is a precursor to a trilateral authority between the three North American economies.A similar measure to the SPP in the establishment of a unified North American region is the NAFTA Superhighway which eliminates border restrictions on shipping, allowing imported goods destined for the US to arrive in North America at ports in Mexico. Rather than arriving at the port of Long Beach, imported goods would enter the US via a port in the mid-west that lies along the shipping lane. This measure has been unanimously opposed by US cities in proximity of the highway, but the democratic voice is ignored as the government covertly advances. Congress has largely looked away from the issue. Members who are aware of this plan avoid this issue and prefer that it stay secret, and the CFR presidential candidates will not address it. The presidential candidates association with the the self-described shadow government compromises the the voting process and defrauds the constituency.Barack Obama has captivated voters from all parties with his refreshing new style of rhetoric. He has the voting record to back his criticism of the Iraq war. But like his CFR colleagues, he vows to continue the pursuit of a shadowy enemy under the vague threat of terrorism - a policy that has cost citizens their personal liberties, trillions in debt and untold lives. The war on terror has been crafted to spend the US into bankruptcy and setup a domestic police state. Money continues to be being printed out of thin air by the private run-for-profit Federal Reserve, while China remains leveraged with over $1 trillion in US dollar holdings. In the middle east, the CFRs blank check for U.S. military operations will deplete U.S.resources while inciting sectarian strife and anti-U.S. sentiment, ignoring the history of blowback as documented by the CIA. Obama and other CFR candidates affiliation with the organization is not promoted on their websites or in any press releases because the organization has centralized political power and financial capital to set policy the public would otherwise oppose. The career politicians in the CFR know corporate sponsorship is frowned upon by voters. The Council is one of the major conduits between government and business leaders in the US. The CFR is guaranteeing power by owning all the horses in the race that is the 2008 election. Obama is captivating unlike most of his competition, undoubtedly intelligent enough to understand his political niche. Another CFR US president guarantees more of the same costly foreign policy that protects corporate interests and isolates the US. Like his colleagues, Barack Obamas stated foreign policy intentions foment the long term militarization and balkanization of the middle east while resources will continue to be spent in deficit to finance an illegal foreign policy. Only when the control of the CFR is fully exposed will the voters have a real democratic choice.HOW TO START TO STOP IT AT www.iviewit.tv/senatecultbill.htm  Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit Inventor Comment On Obama Administration Possible WAR CRIMESDecember 12th, 2009 My Comment to follow the following News Story @ http://www.truthout.org/12110906The America Where They Do Prosecute TortureFriday 11 December 2009by: Sam Ferguson, t r u t h o u t | ReportLast week, 15 men entered a courthouse facing, amongst other crimes, 181 counts of torture. Their story, tragically, is familiar: in a fight against terrorism, the men allegedly kidnapped and held detainees in unknown black sites. They subjected the prisoners to brutal forms of interrogation, such as waterboarding, sensory deprivation and simulated executions. They denied the detainees all legal recourse, and they defended their secret practices as essential to combating an elusive enemy who refused to play by the rules.But the courtroom is not in the United States, and the defendants are not members of the Bush administration. The defendants - retired officials from Argentinas last dictatorship - are on trial in Buenos Aires, Argentina.It is the latest in a wave of judicial proceedings in Latin America - in Argentina, in Chile and in Uruguay - for atrocities committed by the brutal dictatorships of the 1970s and 80s, a period during which tens of thousands of citizens were tortured, forcibly disappeared and killed. Hundreds of former military officials have recently been convicted, and many more have been indicted.It has been more than three months since Attorney General Eric Holder announced his probe into torture under the Bush administration, an investigation which seems to quickly be going nowhere. It is, of course, within a prosecutors discretion to bring charges, based on the strength of the evidence, the clarity of the legal arguments and the priority of the crimes relative to other work in the office. No doubt, there are a number of difficult political and legal arguments weighing heavily in Holders decision. He may be inspired, however, by how some Latin countries have proceeded in the face of similar concerns.One common argument against prosecution is that torture is effective, and we should not prosecute those who helped protect America.This, however, was the same logic used by Latin Americas military governments: they had to wage a dirty war on their enemys terms. No doubt, the danger there was real, as it is in the United States. Leftist groups had killed hundreds before the wave of coups claimed the lives of thousands. But in retrospect, the dirty wars did more damage to the legal order than had the enemy it was fighting. Our southern neighbors have rejected the argument that one may break the law to save the law. They have restored the law by prosecuting those who broke it.Another argument against prosecution is the supposed impossibility of figuring out who is responsible. Are those at the top, such as former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld or White House counsel John Yoo, responsible? Or should blame fall only on those who carried out the offensive practices?In Latin America, the answer is both. Argentinas Supreme Court, in the 2005 Simon decision, held that torture is manifestly illegal and that no excuse justifies either giving or following orders to torture. Commander and commanded are equally responsible. Under this theory, a court last year convicted Benjamin Luciano Menendez, one of the most powerful men in Argentinas dictatorship, to life in prison. In addition, another court last year convicted two lower ranking police officers for their involvement in a 1976 massacre.Finally, some excuse the Bush administration by saying what they did was not torture. Waterboarding is simply an enhanced interrogation technique, as former Vice President Dick Cheney described it this August while defending the practice.But this is a lexical sleight of hand. The debate is a nonstarter in Latin America. Though waterboarding is known by another name - the submarino - it is decidedly considered torture. Courts have repeatedly convicted defendants for subjecting prisoners to this method, citing domestic and international prohibitions on the use of the practice. Ironically, our own government, lead by the late Sen. Edward Kennedy, sanctioned Argentina in the late 1970s for using this very practice (amongst other concerns).The parallels should not be overstated - the scale and scope of the repression was much greater in Latin America. Similarly, it has taken a generation for some countries of Latin America to do justice. Further, not all countries have decided to prosecute torture. Brazil, for instance, still respects an amnesty law passed by the ancien rgime in 1979 (though a repeal of the law is currently under debate in Brazils Congress).But pointing to these differences suggests that it should be easier for us to do justice. In Latin America, thousands are implicated in the crimes of the 1970s, and hundreds of thousands more who supported military coups share tacit responsibility. In the United States, the ethical lines are more clear. The practices emanated from a small group inside the White House, the vice presidents office, the pentagon and the CIA. Ever since the practices saw the light of day, they have been met with boisterous opposition.For centuries, the democracies of Latin America have looked north for inspiration: how to write their constitutions, how to design their government buildings, how to structure their economies. Perhaps it is time for us to look south.*****Sam Ferguson is currently a Yale Law School Robina International Human Rights fellow, and is residing in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He is writing a book about prosecuting military atrocities committed during the Dirty War. In March, he will begin a Fulbright Fellowship.-ELIOT BERNSTEIN of IVIEWITCOMMENT IN REPLY TO THIS HEROIC MESSAGE FROM THE AUTHOR___________Obviously, this author was not inducted into Skull and Bones whilst at Yale, and G-d knows we need some honest Yallies to save the schools good name before the Skull idiots tie it to eternal hell. Mainly, Yale Skulls (mixed with some Harvard, U of Chicago, Columbia culties, all Rockefeller funded) have been the ones on the torturing side of things through the CIA they created. Except that is for big Dickead Cheney, the wanna be, do anything to get acceptance from the Skull cult (as nine of his family members got inducted into Skulls while Dick failed out of Yale and did not get tapped) loser, who became as angry as Hitler at the world and you can see it in his smile. Bush, while a bigger IDIOT than Cheney was able to graduate Yale and get tapped, thats what happens when Granpappy Bush who was a Skull founder who stole Geronimos skull for the TOMB. Yes, these psychos at Yale have a TOMB with HITLER MEMORABILIA AND URINATION ON EACH OTHER CEREMONIES IN SECRET OF HOW TO ROB AND RAPE AMERICANS AND OTHERS FOR A LIVING. Yes, Bush, like his NAZI SYMPATHIZING GRANDFATHER AND FATHER, as you know PRESCOTT BUSH had his companies seized in WWII for trading with the enemy, yes Adolph Hitler. Yes, true to life, Prescott was a TRAITOR TO AMERICA, trying to align the COUNTRY with HITLER and FUNDING HIS WAR that KILLED MANY US SOLDIERS AND HUNDRED OF MILLIONS. According to Wikipedia @ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_War_II_casualties the US lost 418,500 BRAVE SOLDIERS to fight BUSHs bud HITLER who in TOTO KILLED 78,439,200.We elected (or the election was a fraud in a 5-4 Supreme Joke) the grandson of a Nazi sympathizer who profited heavily off the death of millions or was his history hidden? Well, either way, what did you think you would get by putting the GRANDSON OF NAZI SYMPATHIZER into the White House after the Son of a NAZI SYMPATHIZER. Bush may have had the lowest IQ and GPA ever at Yale, as he was busy snorting so much of Neils, his bros, high priced BLOW. Bush was the biggest loser ever inducted into the Skulls, nicknamed Temporary and how gay (no insult to Gays), oops George W. hides his gay relations of his past with his blow and dui days. Combine that with Cheney, the biggest loser of Yale, flunky no less, the biggest POLITICAL LOSER EVER AS EVERYTHING HE TOUCHES TURNS BLACK) then add a bit of Rove (yes his grandpappy the famed Rovenheimer who built ovens for the Nazis) the Brain of the Loser Bush and add a pinch of Rumsfeld and you spell disaster for the country. A transformation to Nazi America led by idiot thugs, much like the Brownshirts. I do have a problem, Obama and others in this and the former administration are either Skulls or members of the Council on Foreign Relations. This coincidence, including the fact that Bush and Kerry in the Second ELECTION FRAUD IN AMERICA, whereby both Bush and KERRY were SKULL MEMBERS (imagine that) has made the US no longer a DEMOCRACY, replete with DECIDERS and SUPREME IDIOTS WHO PICK THEM. For that bad 5-4 Decision by the SUPREME IDIOTS that has led to all this crime and disaster in our country, I would have fired them and then tried them for aiding and abetting if not ultimately conspiring directly. CFR, is a cult started by Skulls, Rockefellers creation along with Zbigniew ZBIGIT Brzezinski as his front man, where ZBIGIT is deemed Obamas Brain and much like Rove for Bush is plummeting OBAMA INTO WAR CRIMES WITH AG HOLDER. CFR has a stated goal of subverting sovereignty for a New World Order. The NWO is full of Deciders (not leaders) and those who can wage War with no official Wars Declared by Congress (TREASON), no formal WAR declarations, therefore no legal basis for waging War, thus illegal WARS, constituting WAR CRIMES, so our country like the Latin American countries the author refers to are by New World Disorder with no Law. By the By, how are our Deciders declaring War then and using WAR CHEST FUNDS that are only for use when WAR has officially been declared, is this too illegal? How are our Deciders using WAR POWERS when there is no WAR to deploy troops legally??????? Instead, a WAR ON TERROR, while it sounds nice, it is not an OFFICIAL WAR declared by CONGRESS, therefore Afghanistan and Iraq are INVASIONS, OCCUPATIONS, ILLEGAL ACTS OF A BELLIGERENT NATION, WAR CRIMES! The President does have a limited time to enact WAR Powers, which is until the next meeting of Congress where Congress must declare official WAR and where Congress has met hundreds of times since Bush declared WAR on a WORD (TERROR) and an enemy (TERRORIST) which is a moniker for a method of war used by the oppressed. TERROR is not a legitimate nation to wage WAR on, not an actual enemy and even if that argument could hold up, Congress would still have to declare the acts officially as WARS and they did not. And Obama at his Peace Prize Speech on Just War declared Iraq and Afghanistan Just Wars when St. Thomas Aquino doctrine of Just War and all major War Treatises ratified as US Laws since proclaim exactly the opposite but it was a nice try to justify sending troops ILLEGALLY to WAGE WAR CRIMES cloaked in JUST WAR FALSEHOODS. Hitlers henchmen claimed that they too were waging a JUST WAR. Obamas MISUSE of the term WAR though shows that he continues in Bushs criminal treasonous coup dtat on our nation by TERRORISTS WITHIN. I met a man who was a military man recently who claimed to have taken an OATH to PROTECT our nation from Terrorists both foreign and domestic and he claimed he was far more afraid of the TERRORISTS DOMESTICALLY WHO ARE VIOLATING LAW AND WAR DOCTRINE, than any guy on Camel with Sandals. He was afraid that the 3 World Trade Centers that fell were coordinated by these terrorists domestically to scare the PEOPLE to surrender their RIGHTS under the CONSTITUTION in FEAR FEAR FEAR, THREAT LEVEL RED GREEN ORANGE PURPLE BLUE AND SHOVED DOWN YOUR THROAT NIGHT AND DAY ON FIX NEWS. And we did surrender our rights, as WE THE PEOPLE WERE LIED TOO BY OUR LEADERS, I MEAN DECIDERS, I MEAN IDIOTS. Therefore, the Congress and the Executive Branch have violated WAR CRIMES by using WAR POWERS AND FUNDS and deploying our SOLDIERS to DIE ILLEGALLY, thus constituting MURDER OF US SOLDIERS and as such, all who voted for this without following law MUST BE TRIED like any other WAR CRIMINALS. YES, OUR CONGRESS AND LEADERS HAVE COMMITTED WAR CRIMES AND CONTINUE DAILY TO DO SO, as they HAVE GONE TO WAR ILLEGALLY AND IN VIOLATION OF US FEDERAL LAW, the GENEVA CONVENTIONS and HAVE VIOLATED TORTURE TREATISES IN THE PROCESS.How are we deploying troops to DIE with NO LEGAL POWER TO DO SO? If the DECIDERS WARS are just, then simply have ALL TROOPS return HOME TOMORROW, have Congress officially DECLARE WAR on IRAQ and AFGHANISTAN adhering to US LAW and INTERNATIONAL TREATISE and of course THE CORRECT INTEL INFORMATION NOT LIES LIKE WMDs, etc. and then send them back after a LEGAL DECLARATION. Since, Congress and the Executive would never be able to pass the smell tests of the full Congress and the People to WAGE these ACTS OF TERROR cloaked as LEGAL and JUST WARS, they have turned a blind eye to law and replaced it with lip service and propaganda to circumvent LAW. Thus, Congress and the PEOPLE are both accessory after the fact and we the people are accessory as once we knew the truth and failed to denounce these crimes and overthrow our leaders and charge them criminal war criminals and try and then fry them we became complacent and thus just as guilty. Otherwise, each day we have one troop in these countries ILLEGALLY, our country and THE PEOPLE are guilty of WAR CRIMES being committed by our leaders through LIES to the PEOPLE and VIOLATIONS OF LAW!!!!!!!!! WAR CRIMES that not only are torturing innocents with no legal rights in concentration camps like Gitmoschwitz and Guantorturemo but are ILLEGALLY MURDERING US SOLDIERS, yes those BRAVE MEN AND WOMAN who are being told to commit these CRIMES for DECIDERS who are DIRECTLY PROFITING from their DEATHS and ILLEGAL WAR PROFITEERING, OF COURSE NOT PROFITING THE DEAD AND DISABLED SOLDIERS. Usually, these ILLEGALLY KILLED sons and daughters are children of brave heroic Americans who served this Country well and gave us the greatest name the World has seen and the fairest system ever created for the People of the World. A system that is in GRAVE DANGER, from REAL TERRORISTS but not the ones on camels, with AK47s, on dialysis with no standing army, no air force, no nukes (we have thousands on thousands of nukes so I am not sure why we are afraid of anyone and we have used them), etc. No, these REAL TERRORISTS are the TERRORISTS WITHIN OUR GOVERNMENT WHO ARE COMMITTING TREASONOUS WAR CRIMES. It is also a shame that these poor soldiers have been ordered by WAR CRIMINALS to COMMIT WAR CRIMES that WERE GIVEN LEGAL COVER BY LEGAL NAZIS much like those we tried in the JUDGES TRIAL AT NUREMBERG, YES, THIS IS A REMINDER TO YOO, GONZO and the REST, you can run but you cannot hide.TERRORISTS within our OWN GOVERNMENT, the result of a TYRANNOUS COUP on our government from insiders who came with SECRET AGENDAS to proffer themselves at the expense of everyone else. To PROFIT from WAR CRIMES, to subvert DEMOCRACY, to turn the US into NAZI AMERICA and here you now have it, replete with MURDER OF US SOLDIERS, TORTURE OF PEOPLE WITH NO LEGAL RIGHTS, WARS OF TERROR ON NATIONS NO WAR HAS BEEN DECLARED ON, etc To execute on the SUBVERSION, they rigged elections and LIED LIED LIED to the PEOPLE. CONGRESS is FULL of proverbial CRAP that they were lied to too, and even if so, on the day they made that claim to avoid ACCESSORY charges they should have BRING (BROUGHT) THE BOYS BACK HOME and CHARGED THOSE RESPONSIBLE WITH WAR CRIMES, ARRESTED THEM ALREADY, YES BUSH, CHENEY, RUMMY, etc. This continued cover up by more CFR NAZIs, OBAMA, HOLDER and THOSE WHO APPROVE OF THESE CRIMES IN CONGRESS, attempting to excuse the WAR CRIMES and failing to follow the laws further through cover up, need be aware this covering up is a WAR CRIME TOO. YES, it is a WAR CRIME to COVER UP WAR CRIMES and NOT TRY EVEN SUSPECTED WAR CRIMES and SO YES as the United Nations RAPPORTEUR (chief legaldude) has already cautioned OBAMA, I quote from http://thinkprogress.org/2009/04/19/obama-violated-int-law UN Rapporteur On Torture: Obamas Pledge Not To Pursue Torture Prosecutions Of CIA Agents Is Not Legal!When President Obama released the four of the Office of Legal Counsels (OLC) Bush-era torture memos last week, he issued a statement promising not to pursue torture prosecutions against CIA agents who relied on the memos to justify their use of torture tactics on terrorist suspects in U.S. custody. (Notably, Obama left open the possibility of prosecuting the torture architects.) [I]t is our intention to assure those who carried out their duties relying in good faith upon legal advice from the Department of Justice that they will not be subject to prosecution, Obama said. But in an interview with the Austrian newspaper Der Standard, the UN Special Rapporteur on Torture, Professor Manfred Nowak, explained that Obamas grant of immunity is likely a violation of international law. As a party to the UN Convention Against Torture, the U.S. is obligated to investigate and prosecute U.S. citizens that are believed to have engaged in torture:STANDARD: CIA torturers are according to U.S. President Obama not to be prosecuted. Is that decision supportable?NOWAK: Absolutely not. The United States has, like all other Contracting Parties to the UN Convention Against Torture, committed itself to investigate instances of torture and to prosecute all cases in which credible evidence of torture is found. Indeed, Article 2 of the convention on torture explains that no exceptional circumstances whatsoever can be used to legally justify torture. Further, the convention states that an order from a superior officer or a public authority may not be invoked as a justification of torture. Nowak explained that by invoking the OLCs memos as justification for the actions of CIA agents against terrorist suspects in U.S. custody, Obama is acting contrary to U.S. obligations under the treaty: STANDARD: In other words, by making this announcement, Obama has violated international law?NOWAK: Correct. It is a violation of binding international treaty law in this case, because this is an international law convention  and it provides unequivocally that states are not merely obligated to make torture a crime, but also to prosecute any incidents of which credible evidence can be found.In announcing his decision to release the OLC memos, Obama also suggested that he is not inclined to conduct a full investigation into the governments use of torture. Nowak, however, said the he believes that such an investigation ought to be Obamas highest priority. Most importantly, there should be a comprehensive investigation undertaken by an independent body. Whether by a special investigatory commission created by Congress or by a special investigator  there are different approaches, Nowak explainedThis Decision by our DECIDER II OBAMA, is a test of CONGRESS, OBAMA and HOLDER to make that FATAL LEAP BUSH et al. did in COMMITTING WAR CRIMES AND TREASON. It has been said the CFR infiltrated both the REPUB and DEM PARTIES, this is LITMUS for that claim and it appears they will pass the test, showing the subversion into both parties. After Obamas NOBEL PEACE PRIZE WAR IS JUST SPEECH (is that confusing or what), he made the LEAP to WAR CRIMINAL. NOW one DAY when JUSTICE IS RESTORED TO THIS NATION AND THE COUP QUASHED AND SMASHED TO BITS BY THE PEOPLE AND JUSTICE and CONGRESS AND THE EXECUTIVE REBOOTED, as the CONSTITUTION DEMANDS, they too shall hang alongside those who committed the crimes, for shielding the treasoners, and they too will swing from the WAR CRIMINALS gallows. Until such time that they are tried be it 5, 10, 20, 30, 50 years from now, like BUSH, CHENEY, etc. they will live knowing that WAR CRIMES have no STATUTES OF LIMITATIONS and at any time LAW AND ORDER returns, they will be TRIED AND FRIED. Until then they will be HUNTED by NATZI HUNTERS as Quentin would call them and WORRY every day that sooner or later their crimes will be tried Nuremberg style, Judges Trials and all for those who allowed these crimes in our courts. Crimes that started with a 5-4 Supreme Joke on the Election of Bush v. Gore and once the FOX was in the HENHOUSE have taken the COUNTRY AND THE PEOPLE into a blood bath of WAR CRIMES. Including the current economic disaster these traitors have created for ordinary Hard Working AMERICANS while Regulators, Lawyers and Judges turned a blind eye while the WAR CRIMINALS LOOTED THEIR OWN COUNTRY AND PEOPLE AS WELL AS OTHER COUNTRIES. The CONSTITUTION URGES the PEOPLE when the GOVERNMENT CORRUPTS to REBOOT ITSELF, even if they have to bear arms and form militias, NOW, before another US SOLDIER IS MURDERED IN CRIMINAL WARS ON YOUR BEHALF. TRY THE GUILTY, TAKE ALL THEIR ILLEGAL WAR AND OIL PROFIT MONIES BACK AND DISTRIBUTE BACK TO THE PEOPLE AND MILITARY TO REBUILD AND HEAL THE SOLDIERS WOUNDED BY THEIR DEMENTED DECIDERS. THE COUNTRY WILL SOLVE THE NEED FOR TARP FUNDS AND THE DEBT WILL BE GONE ALMOST OVERNIGHT. GRAB ALL THE ASSETS FROM THE WAR PROFITEERS LIKE HALLIBURTON AND BLACKWATER AND LOCKHEED and HANG THEIR EXECUTIVES FOR AIDING AND ABETTING. THEN HANG ALL OF THEM IF THEY ARE GUILTY FOUND GUILTY, AS REQUIRED BY LAW, DRAWN AND QUARTERED WOULD BE NICE TO SET AN EXAMPLE TO FUTURE TRAITORS, PUBLICALLY, LIKE ON CNN AND FOX. OOOPS, the FOX guys may be swinging next to them. This blog entry The America Where They Do Prosecute Torture on Friday 11 December 2009, by Sam Ferguson of t r u t h o u t @ http://www.truthout.org/12110906 is a Call for AMERICANS to CHALLENGE THEIR DECIDERS, I Cant believe a Democracy has DECIDERS IT IS AN OXYMORON WHO BUYS THIS LOGIC. EVEN IF YOU MUST GET OFF THE COUCH AND TURN OFF YOUR PROPAGANDA TUBE, AND PROTEST IN THE STREETS, IN THE COLLEGES, IN THE FACTORIES, AGAINST YOUR DECIDERS, WHO ARE COMMITTING WAR CRIMES IN YOUR NAMES, WHILE ROBBING YOUR BANKS AND AUTO MAKERS AND 401Ks and RUINING THE FUTURE OF THE DEMOCRACY and MAKING US NAZIS in the EYES OF THE WORLD. REAL GREAT NEW WORLD ORDER???? This call by this AUTHOR is from a YALE Grad, perhaps the COUP will be defeated by YALLIES who are sick of being associated with the SCUM of their SCHOOL, a cult, SKULL and BONES, that is the same fraternal organization that HITLER belonged too, aka the BROTHERHOOD OF DEATH. DOWN WITH THE DECIDERS!!!!To help this author I have drafted legislation that needs but one Congressman to support that would make belonging to a cult that has secret agendas against our country an ACT of TREASON @ www.iviewit.tv/senatecultbill.htm this would probably send most of these cultish freakballs a running. G-bless the efforts of this brave author to compare the crimes to WAR CRIMES knowing many of his ALUMNI will be CHARGED WITH WAR CRIMES, we need more vocal HEROES!!!With my Greatest Respect to his efforts to stop the WAR CRIMES and DEATH OF OUR SOLDIERS AND INNOCENTS, this author should have got a PEACE PRIZE.G-D SAVE AMERICA with the HELP OF A FEW BRAVE MARINES AND CONCERNED CITIZENS!!!As always, Gallows with Hanging Supplies and Front Row Seating Design FREE @ www.iviewit.tv Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DL Uview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tv www.iviewit.tv http://iviewit.tv/wordpress http://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliot Other Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.com http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com http://www.judgewatch.org/index.html  Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Keith Olbermann on Gitmoswitz Torture Turned Murder and the CoverUpDecember 8th, 2009 Visit msnbc.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economyhttp://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/3036677/#34319934 I have to say this video makes me very upset to be an American.  We now not only torture people illegally but we murder them, stuffing rags so far down their own throats that they cant be removed by MDs.  Killed with no rights, no trials, this really is NATZI America, who are these monsters in our own government who parallel past monsters of the past, are we, we the People who have not revolted on this the real monsters for allowing are demented leaders to do this.  Where are the Supreme Jerk-Offs to make this illegal, oh, they are at the top of the Natzi Americans.  I hope anyone who believes torture is ok and finds illegal murder of innocent people who had no rights ok, see that this really transforms Gitmo into Gitmoswitz or a Concentration Camp.  All those who allowed or were involved must be tried for murder and WAR CRIMES.  Oops I did it again, there are NO WARS, as Congress has never declared a War and a War on Terror is not really a War, just a brainwashing tool for idiots.  But really, do you think that the government is using War Powers when there is no real War and if so is that not a treasonous crime and way to rip the country off of more money and who cares about the dead soldiers or vets?  You bet, especially if they are taking War Chest Funds that truly need an act of War declared to get at the funds, perhaps that is why they needed to Brainwash you that there is War.  If we have such legitimate reasons to go INVADE and OCCUPY a country that is supposedly at WAR with us then why are we afraid to go through traditional channels set up in the Constitution to declare WAR?  Why, because these are ACTS OF AGGRESSION, WARS OF AGGRESSION, OCCUPATIONS, INVASIONS for oil and war profits, where we the PEOPLE are the BELLIGERENTS, thus Congress would never get the support of the People so they circumvented the People and Circumvented Law to achieve these FAKE ILLEGAL WARS in our names.  Sad thing, real American soldiers are dying, what are we the People doing about this?  Nothing, as we seem terribly afraid of the Guy on a Camel with no combat boots, no army, no air force, etc. and we have sold our country down the drain, like pansies.  The People really are making me sick, why are there no Protests, why are we sedated by the Propaganda of Lies by Bubble Headed Bleach Blondes who lip read news, I mean lies and propaganda of course.continued in next postSo yes, remember that Hitler first killed Germans who opposed him and then Germans with disabilities and so on, the US NAATZIs will not have to go through this phase as there appear no dissenters, everybody stuffing cheeseburgers down their greedy throats seems not to care about our country, about the crimes we are committing or the possible damage to the future of our children this will cause, we just sold out democracy for our kids and they now live in a world where we are an aggressor nation, torturing and killing people, no laws.I urge everyone to write letters, to protest, throw your TV out the Window, march on Capitol Hill, let them hear you but more important LET THEM FEAR YOU, these government SERVANTS are not your Master, we abolished slavery, they work for you and since they have messed this country up and destroyed all good about us we should FIRE THEM, TRY THEM and FRY THEM for these crimes not against the terrorists (whatever that is), seize their illegally gained war profits and financial manipulation gains, redistribute back to the People and the Debt would go away overnight.  We are the People, they are the Servants, do not get confused, check with your local copy of the Constitution.  When government fails the Constitution fails and it is our leaders fault, the Constitution says to Take Them Out, even form MILITIA against them and BEAR ARMS against them, these are not rights regarding TERRORISTS or EXTERNAL THREAT, these are RIGHTS GRANTED TO THE PEOPLE FOR THE TERRORISTS WITHIN, those that parade as our leaders who violate law and the Constitution. TEAR DOWN THE WALL, TEAR DOWN THE WALL!!!!!  Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLiviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tvhttp://www.iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://www.iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotothers i likehttp://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://www.exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.html Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments CIA Inspector General 2004 Report & Cheneys ReplyAugust 26th, 2009 For the Real War Crimes of Bush, Cheney, Rummy, Condi et al. visit and read the following reports which describe torture and abuse in mass of many children and far more.  This is what the blacked out part of the CIA Report is really about, if that was not juicy enough for you die hard tortures who want to make waterboarding a child rearing punishment or just for fun this should blow even you away.Dennis Kucinich Articles of Impeachment of George W. BushandJohn Conyers, Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee Report - Reigning in the Imperial Presidency of George W. BushandJohn Conyers, Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee Statement on Criminal Investigation of Bush War Crimes and Eric Holder Special ProsecutorThe CIA Inspector General Report released shows people beaten to death in our custody, not given a single legal or human right and were in fact abused, killed, lost or otherwise treated as Concentration Camp Prisoners in Nazi America.  Cheney is right; the people in the CIA who followed orders that generated from Cheney should have our compassion and sympathy, misled by Cheney to commit horrible acts, now having to live with what they did, my heart and soul goes out to them as heroes. They will live with the Warmares of torturing people, one of my favorite quotes of the CIA Report from our own US Soldiers:Concerns Over Participation in the CTC Program231~ During the course of this Review, a number of Agency officers expressed Unsolicited concern about the possibility of recrimination or legal action resulting from their participation in the CTC Program. A number of officers expressed concern that a human rights group might persue them for activitiesAdditionally, they feared that the Agency would not stand behind them if this occurred.232. ~ One officer expressed concern that one day, Agency officers will wind up on some wanted list to appear before the World Court for war crimes stemming from activitiesAnother said, Ten years from now were going to be sorry were doing this  He expressed concern that the CTC Program will be exposed in the news media and cited particular concern about the possibility of being named in a leak.The only way these soldiers Who were only following (Cheneys) Orders will have peace, is if they are tried and can explain to the world they too were conned and lied to and point the way up the chain.  While always having to live with the acts committed this will relieve their souls and vindicate them, the country will feel their pain and hate Cheney and crew 100 times more.  Still, all must be tried, those who were bamboozled will need to be tried and vindicated, those who were the designers and architects, all the way to the top, including who pulled their strings, need to be tried, convicted and fried.  If Bush and Cheney wanted to legally torture people and they had good solid arguments, they would have changed the laws first through proper legal channels. Instead, they wrote ridiculous Nazi type legal memos that are not law, in secret and designed by EVIL LAWYERS to end around law, with Scienter.  They knew that they would have no support in changing the laws to allow beating people to death or waterboarding, so they had secret meetings of idiot lawyers with no idea about war but a strong desire to torture.  The group is mostly OLD FART POLITICAL HACKS, including Flunkies of Yale, Bush and Cheney.  Cheney, not even tapped for Skull and Bones (only one in his family) as he flunked out of Yale.  George W. while snorting blow off his male roommates and lovers butt cheeks ( rumor from the crypt ) in college almost flunked out but daddy Bush bought his son a pass at Yale to the detriment of the country.  The Cheney Gang were mostly Draft Dodgers too, including Bush Cheney and Rummy, so instead of following the rules of military code like honor, they made secret plans to torture people like Nazis.  Torture used to try to obtain false intelligence to support their false wars, yet all the beating of these people and 183 waterboards of one and not one single link to Al Queda and Iraq was ever found, even after repeated torture demanding a link they victims did not even make one up to stop the torture.  Why was no linkage found? any idiot knows there was none, as Saddam, Bushs fathers pick to run Iraq, was the only Terrorist in Iraq and hated the Saudis and Bin Laden about as much as he hated Iran.  Thus, these spoiled rotten Ivy League dropouts took the country to war on false information, making us all war criminals, so they could profit.  Destroying the Democracy in the wake of their crimes, the Democracy so many soldiers have died valiantly to protect and give us our freedoms, killing our boys and other innocents in mass.  Now these wannabe military men, who land on flight decks dressed like true soldiers but NOT, want to hide from the war crimes they committed while playing soldier.  Problem is they were caught violating criminal code and military code that now constitutes TREASON, with hundreds of crimes that trickle down from there and this is reality.  Torture is a minor crime when compared to the crime of taking the country to war intentionally on false info for profit and far more serious than Torture as the crime has led to the MURDERING of 10,000 US Soldiers + millions of Iraqis, etc..Until we try those who are the real war criminals, even if it reaches the top, this country is lost.  Well, it was lost from the point where the Supreme Court usurped our democratic voting process and chose the worst president in the history of the world, ever, and the Democracy has been in a lawless downward spiral since.  FIRE THE SUPREME IDIOTS and FIRE THEM AGAIN FOR REMOVING HABEAS RIGHTS LIKE HITLER DID.  Yet, one must ask, what about today?  What about every soldier who dies in wars based on lies?  Are these murders of those soldiers war crimes too, I think so, as the wars are all lies it appears, replete with falsified terror levels, falsified links to Iraq, lies on torture, lies, lies, lies.  We must withdraw all troops today and have congress declare war if necessary based on the facts before sending them back.  Will they have reason now that we know that no wmds were found, no ties to al queda, no 9.11 links ever found, etc. what would make us send them back?  Nothing, therefore every soldier and civilian we kill is a War Crime and we are responsible for not demanding our leaders to stop committing further War Crimes in our name to their benefit.  Now caught, cowards they are, they want to hide from the crimes calling you unpatriotic if you want TRUTH JUSTICE AND THE AMERICAN WAY, falsified patriotism in typical Cheney Rove Bush fashion.  I hope Cheneys statements attempting to justify his War Crimes, while opposite all the evidence against him holds up well at his War Crime Trial.  Gotta give him credit as I dont think even Nazis tried the defense, I WAS ONLY GIVING THE ORDERS.  I Love that Cheney is doing his own PR, no one wants a photo op with him and bush lately, wonder why?Now Cheneys Tale of Lies Lies Lies, no credible intel was gained by torture and the CIA IG report clearly states intel was gained prior to torture, not after.Former Vice President Dick Cheney gave The Weekly Standard a statement Monday night about the CIA documents and the coming Justice Department investigation.The documents released Monday clearly demonstrate that the individuals subjected to Enhanced Interrogation Techniques provided the bulk of intelligence we gained about al Qaeda [note he does not say that the info was obtained by torturing and the facts show that that intel was gained prior to torture and what came from torture was mostly garbrage and ruined our ability to prosecute any real terrorists]. This intelligence saved lives and prevented terrorist attacks [again the intel that was gained from interrogation was without torture and the report in no way claims that torturing anyone saved anyone or prevented anything]. These detainees also, according to the documents, played a role in nearly every capture of al Qaeda members and associates since 2002. The activities of the CIA in carrying out the policies of the Bush Administration were directly responsible for defeating all efforts by al Qaeda to launch further mass casualty attacks against the United States [Cheney forgets that there were no other credible mass attacks and in no way does the IG report claim this, this is as good as his assurances that Saddam, his bud, had WMD's.] The people involved deserve our gratitude [if you lied to them and they acted in good faith, they will get the American gratitude and compassion for what YOU, DICK, did to them by ordering them to break laws you ok'd and brainwashed them to believe was ok'd.  But to free their souls they must be vindicated through trial and by pointing their fingers at YOU DICK and up the Chain to all your Secret CFR buds and Skull & Boners who control you like an idiot so that YOU and YOUR LAWYERS are all tried for YOUR CRIMES.] They do not deserve to be the targets of political investigations or prosecutions [Not Targets but Witnesses Against YOU and your DICK Friends. President Obamas decision to allow the Justice Department to investigate and possibly prosecute CIA personnel, and his decision to remove authority for interrogation from the CIA to the White House, serves as a reminder, if any were needed, of why so many Americans have doubts about this Administrations ability to be responsible for our nations security" [Dick you failed on 9.11 not Obama, your facts always suck, thats what sunk the Republican Party to an all time low, labeling them as the Nazi party, looking for world war to profit your fat Haliburton butt.  Dick every day you live without a trial the world looks upon you and history as a WAR CRIMINAL, nothing more.  Welcome to Hell Dick!]Please, someone take Dick out Quail Hunting, as always Quails free @ www.iviewit.tv Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments  Older Entries Pages About Inventor Eliot Ivan BernsteinJanuary 2011MTWTFSS Sep12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Archives September 2010February 2010January 2010December 2009August 2009BlogrollDevelopment BlogDocumentationPluginsSuggest IdeasSupport ForumThemesWordPress Planet Meta Register Log inEntries RSSComments RSSWordPress.orgSearch for:  Recent Posts Expose Corrupt Courts Frank Brady aka Kevin McKeown re Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernsteins Comments Congress and Law Makers Guilty of Domestic Terrorism and War Crimes, Time to Reboot Congress and Start War Crime Trials Against Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, Yoo, Bebe, Gonzales and ALL members of Congress voting for Illegal Wars Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit Inventor ~ Patriot Activity Jesse Ventura Exposes Global Plot of Mass Murder by Bilderberg Group, Council on Foreign Relations, Skull & Bones and More.  Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit Inventor suggests ways to destroy these cults now. Hillary Clinton Admits Council on Foreign Relations CFR Controls her!!!  Eliot Bernstein of Iviewit offers way to stop CULTS infiltrating the Government Tagsashcroftbebebilderbergbushcfrcheneychristine c. andersoncouncil on foreign relationseliot bernsteinexpose corrupt courtsfemaFrank Bradygonzaleshillary clintoniviewitkevin mckeownnazinew world orderpatentgaterachel maddowrockafellerrockefellerseditionskull & bonesswine flutorturetreasonvaccinewar crimewar crimesyooCategories Uncategorized Recent Comments Eliots Blogosphere To Take Back Our Democracy is proudly powered byWordPressEntries (RSS)and Comments (RSS).