Jared Lee Loughner listed fave book as 'communist manifesto' volunteered for AZ book festival // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 210Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 72Corporations or politicians hurting America? 12The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 08, 2011| 142 commentsJared Lee Loughner listed fave book as 'communist manifesto' volunteered for AZ book festivalsource: http://opensourceworld.us/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=2428:jared-lee-loughn...An error occurred while setting up video display.Itsbatman_Durr added thisApparently he wasn't a sarah palin fan after all, i mean communists and books? not exactly palin fan favoritesgroups:News tags:Sarah Palin,jared lee loughner |142 comments// Jared Lee Loughner listed fave book as 'communist manifesto' volunteered for AZ book festivalhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0perrodiabloNine year old girl, preacher, two grandmas.  He liked Mein Kampf so much he should go out like the Lithuanian Jews had to.  Dig your own grave shoot to maim, not kill, then bury him.  What does that make me?  Liberal or facist? 7 hours agoflag  reply+2ArchDruidWe read "Animal Farm" and the "Communist Manifesto" at High School, which was more than 50-years ago, but it didn't turn us into anykind of monster willing to kill innocent people. 8 hours agoflag  reply0perrodiablo  ArchDruid:I'm currently in Obama's hometown.  I don't think I could find five innocent people here. Even if I cared enough about something to go to the expense..  Pure waste. 7 hours agoflag  reply0Buddha2112He read (and favorited) a lot of other books too, and listened to assorted music... just like all of us.  The fact that people pick and choose facts to fulfill their little fantasies is ridiculous.  I wonder where people learned to do this... oh that's right.. public school and the media brainwashing machine.  Base arguments like our gov't based our education system...  pick the points you hate, make a story around, and ignore the rest, especially if its contrary to your argument. 8 hours agoflag  reply0perrodiablo  Buddha2112:In the end it is meaningless.  Label stuff drives me nuts.  OK, short drive. Can Dems talk without saying facist?  Can GOP talk without saying liberal?    Nam Myo Ho Renge Ko 8 hours agoflag  reply-1perrodiabloWhether any of us want to be Communists.  Here are the ten planks of Communist manifesto.  A few comments.  Looks to me like we adopted all ten somewhere along the line.  And we waste time calling each other liberals and neo cons.  Like we really have any control left.  1. Abolition of property and land and the application of all rent of land to all public purposes. We pay rent to the Federal Government. Today we do not have Tenure and Title. If you do not pay property tax, it goes to the government.2. Heavy, graduated, or progressive income tax.3. Abolition of all right of inheritance. Inheritance represents on average 1/3 of the estate.  Marriage agreement and inheritance tax of 28%. Your three party limited general partnership with the government.4. Confiscate all property of all immigrants and rebels. . Federal Government can seize it if no payment of Income Tax, or Social Security or tax, OSHA, EPA, RICO has power to seize property.5. Centralization of credit in the hands of the state. National Bank in the Capitol with exclusive monopoly. Federal Reserve Bank6. Centralization of the means of communication and transport in the hands of the  state. We have the FCC, Transportation Department, etc. 7. Extension of factories and instruments of production owned by the state. The bringing in of the wastelands in accordance with a common plan.Corporations are communal investment of capital.   Organizations  incorporated with limited liability. Soil and water conservation programs.8. Equal liability of all to labor and the establishment of industrial armies especially for agriculture. Social Security.9. Combination of agriculture of with manufacturing industries. Gradual abolition of the distinction of town and country by a more equitable distribution of   population over the country. Metro regional planning programs. 1922 over half  the people lived on land. Half lived in cities. Since 1920's we have had more manufacturing, urban growth etc.  By 1930 1/3 were on the land. After WWII GI Bill 1950 15%. By 1969 5% on land. 1985 population on the land is about 1%. Now we have huge corporate farms.10. Free Education for all children in all public schools and the abolition of factory labor in present form. Combination of education with industrial production. 8 hours agoflag  reply0Paratus  perrodiablo:I've been saying it for years.  We are pretty much there and this current administration is not doing any more about it than the previous several. 5 hours agoflag  reply+2figgdimensionJust cause you read a book doesn't make you a Communist even if you like the book I read and love animal farm does that make me a commy killing socialist...maybe...but whatever i like to read doesn't mean I am that I like the Hobbit but I'm not living in a hole in the ground either douche-bags 9 hours agoflag  reply+1DogBoyDoesn't sound like a very credible source. 10 hours agoflag  reply0perrodiabloSorry Arch Druid, you are right.  I have a cat that thinks he is computer literate.  Destroyed the tab key.  I shall space next time.  Have to adjust to the Q ER Y keyboard he left me with.  Good name, Druids were fascinating. 10 hours agoflag  reply+1ArchDruid  perrodiablo:use the return key if you have one? I use Mac so I'm not sure about Windows since I haven't owned one since '95?Druids are (were) fascinating...thanks 8 hours agoflag  reply0perrodiablo  ArchDruid:File, thumb tack, silicone, superglue.  Thanks for tip Dru!  If I had a Glock, I know what would happen to the Cat. 8 hours agoflag  reply0perrodiabloHis last tweet said no one would talk to him.  He had no ideology.  No one knew him he was whacked.  So "close" people in a mostly republican district are going to call him left wing or liberal, since that means stupid and/or crazy.  Polonius asked;  What do read my lord?  Hamlet feigning madness answered;  Words, Words, Words.  This entire thing is a attention getting device.  Nothing more, nothing less.  Sarah Palin had nothing to do with his motive, from what we have seen.  Attention getting sensational killers are losers trying to take celebrity from someone they are fascinated with.  Like John Lennon's killer or Reagan's shooter or Czolgolz.  .  Where Palin is relevant is that the victim saw it as inciting nut cases.  At that time her office had been attacked, she did not feel threatened, she was threatened, numerous times, and a guy dropped a gun at a town hall meeting.  The congressman was asking for Palin to be reasonable and moderate her rhetoric.   Palin is neither reasonable or moderate.  This guy has a lot in common with Palin, Coulter, and Beck.  They will say anything, do anything to get attention.  He has nothing to do with Olbermann, Limbaugh, O'Reilly or Hannity.  They believe their BS.  I hate to sound like this lunatic, but he did not have the reading skills to get through those books and get anything out of them.  Mein Kampf was nothing but Hitler's con to get everyone to follow his megalomaniac will.  Hitler hated Jews and was a military and political history buff.  He wrote in a rambling style and was barely readable.  He contradicted himself constantly so both of my friends who debated so well from the left and right made great points in putting Hitler in the other parties court.  It easy to do when dealing with a schizophrenic.  He was all of the above.  In practice economics bored Hitler.  If economic theory was sex, Hitler would be trans-gender.    I think what we are seeing from the left is not so much trying to make political points.  They are sick and tired of intimidation, and bringing guns to philosophical meetings is intimidation.  It has nothing to do with the second amendment.  It is a power game.  Second amendment says what it says.  We have a need for a well REGULATED force among the people.  The people have a right to bear arms.  So the debate is built in.  We are supposed to debate, what these limitations are.  It is easy to come to consensus on not wanting your neighbor to have sarin gas or a nuclear deterrent in his basement.  If you live in Chicago and Los Angeles to want gun control.  Murder rates have gone down with it.  Go one hundred miles out of either metro area and no one wants gun control because there is no reason for it.  If gun control works so damn well, Belfast Northern Ireland must have been a very peaceful place over the years.  No one is allowed to have a gun.  Passing laws by themselves do not get the required affect.  Otherwise prohibition would have meant sobriety.  For some reason we love to pass laws against what we don't like rather than live together.   We have millions of people and millions of laws.  Soviet Union and Nazi Germany had plenty of laws.  By the theory we place our faith in those should have been orderly societies.  The debate about capitalism and socialism in our country is ridiculous.  NO society has ever existed completely capitalistic or completely socialist.  Bismark put Marx and Engels in exile.  He was a pragmatic monarchist that built a very efficient industrial society that was the first modern truly capitalist society.  It treated humans as part of the infrastructure.  That is why he had Social Security and Universal Health care.  His human infrastructure would work at it's most efficient.  If those that produce the goods and services don't have a route to self improvement, production stops.  Democrats throw taxes at you and money at the problems.  Then call themselves working class heroes.  Republicans give all the money to internationalist communes which are big governments themselves with no attention to the human infrastructure and destroy the driving engine of capitalism, self improvement.  The only time you get balanced budgets is if you have a democrat executive with a republican legislature.  Same with tax cuts.  Republicans have to look good, to get hold of the executive office.  As soon as they get it, they give the taxpayer dollars to the corporate communes.  In the old days we called that graft.  Now we call it the "efficiency of the free market system" followed by business failures and taxpayer bailouts.  Democrats say they are all for the working man and take the money from the most exploitive corporations to get themselves elected and then give them free license to exploit the daylights out of them.  I just wish we would accept the facts.  There is no party that represents the individual rights.  There is no party that makes government smaller.  Democrats want to control every part of your business life.  You can't make a move at work without a Democratic cop there.  Republicans want to control every  part of your personal life.  They want to have cops monitoring your sex practices.  Big government solution to abortion.  Build more prisons, they love penal enlargement.  They have morals.  That is why when they were trying to figure out if Monica inhaled they couldn't keep a speaker of the house in place.  They can't keep a governor in office.  You will never have fiscal responsibility, honestly or a economy so long as you have a progressive income tax.  It is smoke and mirrors and both parties love it.  There is no sense to shooting each other over these dilettantes.  They are playing you guys against each other.  If I have to choose a party, I am a democrat.  They allow the poor to be corrupt too.  I sure as hell don't want them left alone with my country though. 12 hours agoflag  reply0ArchDruid  perrodiablo:do you actually expect anyone to read your comment. At least use paragraphs....... 10 hours agoflag  reply0EmperorThanHe also listed Brave New World as one of his favs, which is a good book. Don't 'read' too much into it. 12 hours agoflag  reply+1ozoneoceanEvery bit of news about him and the shooting is being posted here:http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/01/08/jared-lee-loughner-gabrielle-giffords-s...Not the sort of twisted, cherry picked rubbish we're getting in this thread now.The guy is sounding more and more libertarian... like Mike Shankil? I don't know but it's in that ballpark. 20 hours agoflag  reply-3TheAmericanPatriot  ozoneocean:NO I say he is more and more liberal. I am right. i think the big problem is clear. He smoked to much Ganja. 20 hours agoflag  reply+1ozoneocean  TheAmericanPatriot:the only place you're right is in your political leanings.Therefore everyone should ignore you, the same way you ignore facts. 20 hours agoflag  reply-2Itsbatman_Durr  ozoneocean:try  MSNBC who is reporting he wa a liberal angry at the congresswoman for voting against pelosi or the AP who is reporting the same. 20 hours agoflag  reply+4ArchDruid  TheAmericanPatriot:if he smoked too much pot then he would be too stoned to do anything except eat, let alone actually get up, go out and slaughter a bunch of innocent people. Pot does not produce killers? 19 hours agoflag  reply-2TheAmericanPatriot  ozoneocean:So who gets to choose what group to put him in, YOU? If you put him in the libertarian group then do you NOT put him in the pot smoking group? 19 hours agoflag  reply+1ozoneocean  TheAmericanPatriot:People who are more intelligent and look at more of the big picture. You're a bit of a rightwing nut yourself, so obviously you're disqualified. 19 hours agoflag  reply+1ozoneocean  Itsbatman_Durr:No they're not, they reported what one "friend" puportedly said he was like 5 years ago. You're playing as false as you claim everyone else is; cherry picking and relying on limited sources that you think might support your theory. 18 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  ozoneocean:i dont have a theory other than he was unbalanced, and partisans here have been lathering at the mouth to blame all day. but the AP and MSNBC both have it on their respective news feeds so feel free to read it for yourself 18 hours agoflag  reply-2Itsbatman_Durr  ozoneocean:pot meet kettleno pun intended 18 hours agoflag  reply-3Paratus  TheAmericanPatriot:There has been and will be a lot of effort here to categorize this loon as a conservative nut job as well as blaming Palin for this.  This is the fault of the shooter, nothing more.  It is not a Tea Party thing, a Palin thing, a conservative thing, a Beck thing, a Second Amendment thing, a liberal thing or anything other than the fact that Loungher was a wacko.  There is a lot of polarization here politically, a lot of hate and it seems to be coming from the liberal camp.  Let;s let things develop and put the blame squarely where it belongs, on Lounghers lap.  It is disturbing to see the liberal faction quick to assign blame on conservatism and listen to their hate speech.  They seem to be constantly on the attack against anything that does not support their view.  It is tiresome, sophmoric and one of the leading reasons we are so divided. 14 hours agoflag  reply-2Paratus  TheAmericanPatriot:There has been and will be a lot of effort here to categorize this loon as a conservative nut job as well as blaming Palin for this.  This is the fault of the shooter, nothing more.  It is not a Tea Party thing, a Palin thing, a conservative thing, a Beck thing, a Second Amendment thing, a liberal thing or anything other than the fact that Loungher was a wacko.  There is a lot of polarization here politically, a lot of hate and it seems to be coming from the liberal camp.  Let;s let things develop and put the blame squarely where it belongs, on Lounghers lap.  It is disturbing to see the liberal faction quick to assign blame on conservatism and listen to their hate speech.  They seem to be constantly on the attack against anything that does not support their view.  It is tiresome, sophmoric and one of the leading reasons we are so divided. 14 hours agoflag  reply0hunzedog  TheAmericanPatriot:prozac 8 hours agoflag  reply-3TheAmericanPatriotYep, he smoke marijuana and went crazy.In an interview with The Associated Press, Wiens also said Loughner used to speak critically about religion. He also talked about how he liked to smoke pot.http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20110109/ap_on_re_us/us_congresswoman_shot_gunman 20 hours agoflag  reply+1ArchDruid  TheAmericanPatriot:you seem to be hung up on the pot thing? 19 hours agoflag  reply-2TheAmericanPatriot  ArchDruid:NO more then those caught up on the Palin thing. Did you question them? 19 hours agoflag  reply0SamTurnbo  TheAmericanPatriot:Have YOU ever smoke pot man? If you did you would know that it doesn't make you shoot people. Hell i smoked some AK 47 and all i felt like doing was giggling and that shits named after a gun.... Just sayin 19 hours agoflag  reply-1TheAmericanPatriot  SamTurnbo:Maybe he ran out of his stash 19 hours agoflag  reply+2Vierotchka  ArchDruid:ayipis alterego? 12 hours agoflag  reply+1ArchDruid  Vierotchka:thank you, an old troll new coat? 10 hours agoflag  reply-1ozoneoceanPlus Hitler's Mien Kampf and Anne Rand's We the Living...So whatever the case, speculation based on his book list is certainly a waste of time. 20 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  ozoneocean:i agree. more important are the new facts emerging that he was a self proclaimed left wing liberal with an ax to grind with the congresswoman for voting against nancy pelosi 20 hours agoflag  reply-1ozoneocean  Itsbatman_Durr:No. The more I've read about him I see that he definitely was NOT a "left wing Liberal". His rantings and opinions are clearly those of a Libertarian viewpoint, if anything.He doesn't trust the concept of government at all, he believes money should be backed by a gold standard... etc. etc.It's pretty obvious, so why are you trying to frame him as "Liberal"? 20 hours agoflag  reply0TheAmericanPatriot  ozoneocean:Why are you trying to frame him as a Libertarian? 20 hours agoflag  reply-2Itsbatman_Durr  ozoneocean:not trying to frame him as anything. MSNBC reported he and his friends called him a liberal who was angry with the congresswoman he shot for voting against nancy pelosi 20 hours agoflag  reply-1ozoneocean  TheAmericanPatriot:I'm not. That is what he really DOES come across as if you read all his ramblings.The idea that he's "left wing" takes the sort of mental gymnastics only the insane are truly capable off. 20 hours agoflag  reply0ozoneocean  Itsbatman_Durr:No, one "freind" said something about what he was like in 2006. You're making your own narrative with the rest. 20 hours agoflag  reply-2Itsbatman_Durr  ozoneocean:he claimed to be left wing and liberal and his friends are saying his views were consistant with that. they also say that he spewed angrily about the congresswoamn voting against nancy pelosi. sounds to me like he was a confused and ill individual who took bits and pieces of his philosophy from various places and hodgepodged them into what he called liberal. whats important to me though is the way so many here couldnt wait to blame sarah palin in all this, and though i hate the womans positions on everything, she was blameless as this guy obviously was completely anti palin according to friends, and its a shame that people who seem to be rather intelligent at times fall into the partisan sniping game over and over instead of focusing on the real issues 19 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  ozoneocean:no, i am not. MSNBC has said a friend who spoke to him this week claimed the pelosi angle. i honestly dont think any of it is to blame other than he was a sick individual who just took whatever justification he could as an excuse to commit an unspeakable act. but again so many here on current all day long have been blaming sarah palin for this that it may seem i am going overboard in reporting what is being said now in the actual media and not the fantasies of partisans with an internet connection and a dream 19 hours agoflag  reply0delrog2007Put the blame where it needs to go, on the person who committed the crime. This is a free country and we need free speech. There has always been people, because of one reason or another, that have expressed themselves in a physical way. Jared hated the college he went to, hated the teachers and police, disagrees with the way the government is run regardless of which party is running it, he is an atheist, and he read books seeking meaning and truth and found none. It will come out that he used mind altering drugs. If your going to blame someone, blame him. Or else you'll have to blame all the news media for their comments, all the places he obtained the books he was reading, anyone who had anything to do with providing him with the words and pictures that filled his mind to the point he lost it. 20 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  delrog2007:that has been all i have been saying all day long, but the 'us vs them' people here have been in rare form lol.. well until now when it has come out he was a liberal that is. 20 hours agoflag  reply+1CitizenHill& Mein Kampf - the superior mind 20 hours agoflag  reply+1TheAmericanPatriotThe gunman was described by classmates and friends as a "hardcore left winger" who was angry that Rep. Gifford voted against Nancy Pelosi two days ago for House Speaker. 21 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  TheAmericanPatriot:yeah i was just reading about the pelosi thing as well.. whatever the reason, this guy was a nut, and there is no real reason with a nutter. i just hope people learn to stop jumping on partisan bandwagons and pointing fingers to try to make political currency over tragedies like this 20 hours agoflag  reply0ozoneocean  TheAmericanPatriot:Described on a single 'friend", not "friends and classmates". 20 hours agoflag  reply+2toyotabedzrockI'll just leave this here 22 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  toyotabedzrock:what does that have to do with anything? so you are saying that anyone who months before an election says they want someone removed form office is responsible for someone elses actions months after that election that may or may not even have anything to do with the person you mentioned, you, or anything related?weak. 22 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  toyotabedzrock:heres another:try to stop crazies from dancing to the 'our side is right your side is wrong' tune that the actual powers that be are playing from the shadows.skip stones in the pond.now three years from now if someone throws a rock at you its my fault. 22 hours agoflag  reply+3GeneSurber  Itsbatman_Durr:Clearly such rhetoric creates an atmosphere that makes violence easier to consider for the mentally unstable. Simple because someone didn't go out the next day to shoot someone after the notice was posted doesn't prove your point either. All one has to do is turn on Fox News and watch it for five minutes to see how they fan the flames of fear and hate. Sooner or later... it boils over. Such rhetoric just makes it appear that violence is an acceptable means to achieve your ends. And the right wing is a pro at such rhetoric... as the newspaper clipping shows, as Sharron Angle showed, as Glenn Beck Shows, as Sarah Palin shows... nothing but hate. 22 hours agoflag  reply-2Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:i disagree completely but as i said a closed mind will never hear the truth, so i wish you the best in your us against them existence. 21 hours agoflag  reply+1CarlosBobthe3rd  toyotabedzrock:Need a dictionary to find out what target means in this case. Now you get my other post by now, Right. Or Left 21 hours agoflag  reply+3GeneSurber  Itsbatman_Durr:This is most certainly an "us" against "them." It is civilization against barbarism. While, again, i agree that the motivations behind Jared Lee Loughner's actions are unknown at this time, that doesn't in the least excuse the actions of the likes of Palin. And, from your previous attempts at conflating socialism and fascism, i question your motivations in attempts to defend Palin rather than repudiate her and her ilk. The woman put Gifford in crosshairs and used violent metaphors as a means to get the congresswoman unseated. And in Gifford's first public town meeting after being elected, she gets shot point blank in the head. Whether Loughner was a leftist or a righty, and whether he was spurred on by Palin or not... how could any decent person even attempt to defend Palin's actions as being acceptable on any level? And, when you have people, like Palin, Jesse Kelly, and other teabagging lunatics constantly spewing such vitriol and suggesting the way to deal with our problems are through "second amendment remedies" how can you even come to a conclusion that such vitriol didn't influence the shooting in some respect? You cannot separate individuals from their environment. And when you are dealing with someone who clearly was as unstable as Loughner... you certainly can't separate them from such influences. 21 hours agoflag  reply-2Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:A 22-year-old woman in Arizona, Caitie Parker, claimed on her Twitter feed that she went to high school and college with the gunman, and was in a band with him. She described his politics in the past as "left wing, quite liberal, & oddly obsessed with the 2012 prophecy." She also described him as having a lot of friends "until he got alcohol poisoning in '06" and dropped out of school. "Mainly loner very philosophical."This is from MSNBC, btw 21 hours agoflag  reply0ozoneocean  Itsbatman_Durr:People's politics and ideas about things change over time. All we know is that we don't know his state of mind. 20 hours agoflag  reply-1emarstonI read "The Communist Manifesto" now it's been ruined by this son of a bitch. 23 hours agoflag  reply+3GeneSurberThe complete list of favorite titles were as follows: "Animal Farm, Brave New World, The Wizard Of OZ, Aesop Fables, The Odyssey, Alice Adventures Into Wonderland, Fahrenheit 451, Peter Pan, To Kill A Mockingbird, We The Living, Phantom Toll Booth, One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest, Pulp,Through The Looking Glass, The Communist Manifesto, Siddhartha, The Old Man And The Sea, Gulliver's Travels, Mein Kampf, The Republic, and Meno."So, along with The Communist Manifesto, there is also Mein Kamph and Ayn Rand's "We The Living." -- not exactly "liberal" favorites. 23 hours agoflag  reply-3Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:i wasnt referring to the list, but to one of his blog postings where he said it was his favorite book.. and again i am in no way implying that because he may or may not have had leftist leanings that would be why he did this. i think it was the event that drove him, personally, as one he could get to and make an impact to assure his ramblings would get an audience. i am just countering those who do seek to make the most specious connections based on nothing but a hatred for the 'other side' 23 hours agoflag  reply-1andreii  Itsbatman_Durr:Understood, good points...still not sure why he attacked her though 23 hours agoflag  reply+2GeneSurber  Itsbatman_Durr:Your comment was, "Apparently he wasn't a sarah palin fan after all, i mean communists and books? not exactly palin fan favorites." You took one title out of the list and made that assertion. When you look at the TOTAL list, you quickly see several right wing books on the list. Yet, you draw a conclusion defensive of Sarah Palin. Your intent, as i read it, was pretty clear. Cherry picking information to make a point hardly adds muster to your argument when it is easily refuted by facts... or should i have said "refudiated" by facts?No one, at this point, knows why this guy did what he did. Or, if he is actually the person who did it. He, apparently, is not cooperating with authorities. However, what does seem to be the case with the very limited information we have thus far; this guy is anti-government, believes the government engages in some sort of brain-washing, and that our currency should be based, once again, on gold and silver.And, we know that Sarah Palin, Glenn Beck, Sean Hannity, Faux News, and the rest of the teabagging lunatic right wing in this country have been doing nothing but whipping up hatred and division since Obama won the election in a landslide, driving them completely over the edge. The actions of these people have been reprehensible, regardless of whether this particular lunatic committed his vile acts as a direct consequence of them. You cannot, however, separate an individual from their environment. And when you have people like Palin screeching that Obama wants to kill your grandmother and is destroying the country, and Beck screaming that democrats are basically nazi socialists who hate America... spurring people on to carry guns to Obama rallies, etc. You cannot then turn around and say that Palin, et. al are completely blameless. 23 hours agoflag  reply-3Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:no i read in his blog that it was his fave book, and read in his blog that he had more socialist leanings than anything else, again none of which means anything since we dont know anything yet, not even who his target if anyone was. 23 hours agoflag  reply+1GeneSurber  Itsbatman_Durr:His blogs? Please... provide a link to the blogs. You are the FIRST person to mention a blog. i don't think that it matters if he was from the left or the right. But, regardless, your opening salvo was clearly a defense of Sarah Palin. And, in that regard, you are missing my point.Her actions and those in her camp, such as the Sharon Angle's, Glenn Becks, etc., should be repudiated... not applauded or defended. And i'm not going to let you off the hook to do so. i'm sure Glenn Beck will be on television soon to point out that he was a socialist through the same cherry picking of facts that you have attempted to utilize--and make the usual link between socialism and the nazi's... and then show on his blackboard how this all comes back to Obama's take over of our government as the arch socialist. He will be pointing out the Communist Manifesto and the Mien Kampf books on the list and whipping up more fear and hate soon enough...But, to anyone who is even half educated, i don't know a single REAL socialist who would claim "Mien Kampf" as even one of their favorite books. And while people like Glenn Beck are able to get the insipidly stupid to think that Nazism was just another form of socialism, to those of us who use more than one brain cell, we know damn well that Nazism was actually far right extremism married to corporatism. We further know that that the Nazi's had an extreme hatred for the communists... just like they did for the catholics, the jews, homosexuals, gypsy's and other groups. Sounds like a real liberal bunch, those nazi's, eh?So, try as you might to be an apologist for Palin, you are not off to a good start. But, please, again, i'd love to see those blogs... 22 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:google is your friend.as is google cache.as for the rest, again you try to blather on hoping something sticks while painting any who have a differing point of view as glenn beck or palin apologists.sorry but your attempt at static is part of the problem with the world, but i hope you are content to throw stones and dance to the puppetmasters tunes. 22 hours agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  Itsbatman_Durr:You made the assertions, you provide the link - telling people to google it is the tactic of a loser. 12 hours agoflag  reply0ThatCrazyLibertarianHe had nothing to lose but his chains. 1 day agoflag  reply+1unimatrix0  ThatCrazyLibertarian:and his mind 23 hours agoflag  reply0ThatCrazyLibertarian  unimatrix0:That, it would appear, was a condition precedent... 5 hours agoflag  reply+4hombre76So what are the facts here? 1. The intended victim is a Democratic Congresswoman 2. The gunman was certainly anti government3. The rightwing of this country has made many arguments that there is a danger that the Democratic party intends to enact legislation that will mortally undermine the US. Given  these facts one can logically conclude that the gunman ( while not a card-carrying republican/Tea Bagger)  may have been encouraged and incited by the rhetoric from the rightwing mouth pieces who spew their conspiracy theories to an obviously susceptible minority of the populations. This is exactly the type of behavior that the right and Tea Baggers assured the American public would not happen as a result of their constant vitriolic language. Obviously they were not telling the truth or they were just plain, stupid, wrong. 1 day agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  hombre76:1. we dont know who the intended victim is2. he was indeed anti everything it seems3. nothing to do with anythingthis is horrible logic. its like saying1. i punched my sister today2 i am anti gerbil3. gandi made many arguments that unbridled power corrupts unless checked by the governedgiven these facts you can say gandi made me punch my sister 1 day agoflag  reply-2TheAmericanPatriot  hombre76:Yawn.! More Spam Lies 1 day agoflag  reply0hombre76  Itsbatman_Durr:How does one respond to such nonsense?.....I know! Shut the fuck up stupid! Thank you come again! 24 hours agoflag  reply+1hombre76  TheAmericanPatriot:Says the faceless nobody. 24 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  hombre76:lol well thank you for showing me that i wasnt having a discussion with an intellecual, but an internet gangstahave a nice day 24 hours agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  hombre76:Given the fact that you would blame the Republcians for your train being late I think what you figure is very suspect. 24 hours agoflag  reply-3MrMxyzptlk  hombre76:Says the guy with a picture of Che for his icon... 24 hours agoflag  reply0hombre76  Itsbatman_Durr:I don't conversate with Idiots. and have a fucked day yourself. 24 hours agoflag  reply-1GeneSurber  hombre76:He may, indeed, have been a "lefty," although there is little to fully suggest such as far as i can tell. Or, he may have been a "righty," but there is also little to go on there as well.But, just to play devil's advocate, for a moment, what if he were a "lefty" who, in his lunacy, was influenced by the toxicity of our current national dialogue, to commit such a vile act? When the atmosphere becomes so filled with vitriol, then it doesn't matter what party you belong to, the toxic nature of the dialogue lends itself to seeing violence as an acceptable means to achieve your ends. What i don't think is that the rhetoric is equal on both sides. A Keith Olbmann is NOT equal to a Glenn Beck. A MSNBC is NOT equal to a Fox News. It is not the left who are using language such as "second amendment remedies," and taking guns to presidential speeches and rallies, and sending out pamphlets with gun metaphors plastered all over them. It doesn't matter if this guy was a "lefty" or a "righty." That is not the point. The point is that we have crazies on the right who are feeding the insanity of other unstable minds in this country to commit violence against those whose politics they disagree with. And we have a "news" channel that airs nothing but anti-government, anti-Obama, anti-democrat propaganda literally 24-7.We like to think that we are not a violent country. That we handle things through votes and not guns. However, i think our history paints quite a different picture. From Lincoln's assassination to the Klu Klux clan's cross burnings and lynchings; the Kennedy brothers assassination and M. King... what makes us the light of the world is that we move forward IN SPITE of such violence and people, like the Palin's, Beck's, and Hannity's who spur it on. 22 hours agoflag  reply0hombre76  GeneSurber:I agree with you completely. However, I bear no shame in defending my life and freedoms and those of my loved ones from bigoted cowards who spread lies to provoke the mentaly unstable to do the work they are to chicken shit to shoulder themselves. Hanity, Rush, Beck and the rest need to know that if they cannot bring themselves to stop this insanity themselves and more are taken from our ranks on the left that they too will bleed in payment. 21 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  hombre76:way to encourage violence 21 hours agoflag  reply0hombre76  Itsbatman_Durr:Only in deffence from the fucking insane ...ie Tea Bagger, Succesionist, Backstabing Cowards Like the one who with help from others (now there is a coven of Insane MFers) Gunned down a child and 4 other human beings in cold blood. 21 hours agoflag  reply-2TheAmericanPatriotYeah but the libs don't care, they just like to blame Palin. 1 day agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  TheAmericanPatriot:Two can play at that game.  Why not develop a complex conspiracy theory about how she was a weak link so the Demcrats had her killed to make the Republicans look bad.  It will make as much sense as anything the lefties are spewing. 24 hours agoflag  reply+1Stoneyroad  TheAmericanPatriot:Palin was in the grassy knoll with her dad's rifle. 23 hours agoflag  reply+3Stoneyroad@itsbatman_durrThe large quote at link was posted by someone named Batman also, Was that you? And if so, how can i be sure the shooter didn't really say that "the overton window" was his favorite book and you are getting your quotes from opposite land?Where did you 1st find this convenintly "removed from youtube" quote ? 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Stoneyroad:found it on youtube, and read that it was his fave book from a blog post he made on his now closed myspace 1 day agoflag  reply+1Kitten_MoonHe apparently likes Nazis -- Palin's people. 1 day agoflag  reply-3Itsbatman_Durr  Kitten_Moon:actually the nazis were a socialist party 1 day agoflag  reply+4andreii  Itsbatman_Durr:fascist party* 1 day agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  andreii:National Socialist German Workers' Party 1 day agoflag  reply+2thedirtman  Itsbatman_Durr:Fascism is right-wing socialism.  Here private industry takes an authoritarian role. 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  thedirtman:i refer you to thishttp://www.lawrence.edu/sorg/objectivism/socfasc.html 1 day agoflag  reply+2TasteHi  Itsbatman_Durr:Socialism was just propaganda, you don't exactly gain a lot of favor if your advertising fascism. 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  TasteHi:i'm not in the least so either you are having difficulty with comprehension and context, or you are deliberately trying to paint me as some type of individual or another. which is it? 1 day agoflag  reply+2andreii  Itsbatman_Durr:That doesn't mean they were socialist... they're obviously not going to called themselves the Nationalist German Antisemitism, State Militarist Party. Come on, you know exactly how politics work... 24 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  andreii:lol that was actually laugh out loud funny =) but seriously, their platform was a socialist one, as are most fascist platformsthe article i cited above explains that position far better than i ever could hope to, give it a read and maybe you will see a little of my point, but i also get yours, that hitler wasnt interested in social reform, but power and killing jews 24 hours agoflag  reply0GeneSurber  Itsbatman_Durr:"Nazism (Nationalsozialismus, National Socialism; alternatively spelled Naziism) was the ideology and practice of the Nazi Party and of Nazi Germany. It was a unique variety of fascism that involved biological racism and anti-semitism. Nazism presented itself as politically syncretic, incorporating policies, tactics and philosophies from right and left-wing ideologies; in practice, Nazism was a far right form of politics."Of course, Glenn Beck wouldn't want you to know that it was actually, "in practice a far right form of politics." Doesn't fit into the agenda.That is the thing with Teabaggers... i guess. Who needs facts when you have Glenn Beck and Sarah Palin? 23 hours agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:a) not a teabagger, or a palin enthusiast.b) you are not reading the entire thread i see, or going any deeper than just wanting to point fingers and snipe at what you perceive as the 'other side'.. had you read the article i pointed out in the other comment, you would see there is a valid case for saying socialism and fascism are one and the same. you may not agree with the position, but that doesnt make it wrong, nor does it make me a teabagger to say they are being unfairly blamed by partisans here on current 23 hours agoflag  reply0GeneSurber  Itsbatman_Durr:Political systems have their extremes. i was merely pointing out that to allege that Fascism or Nazism is socialist is the worst sort of conflation. Especially as Fascism is closer to "Corportism" than socialism, and Nazism shares far more in common with far right ideologies than left. There is no valid argument for saying that socialism and fascism are the same. There are only lunatic fringe arguments such as those espoused by teabaggers influenced by Glenn Beck. i certainly don't agree with your position, and at the same time... yes, you are clearly wrong. Fascism and the Nazi's were not about socialism or liberalism. This attempt to rewrite history is almost as reprehensible as the attempts to defend Palin's rhetoric that began this thread. 22 hours agoflag  reply0TasteHi  Itsbatman_Durr:Sure, I'll bite...Are you implying you're a Nazi Supporting Idealist? 22 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:and yet in all that blather you didnt identify a single thing mistaken in the theory i provided the link to. closed minds will never solve anything, but enjoy your celebrity of one in rantville, and have a nice day 22 hours agoflag  reply0TasteHi  Itsbatman_Durr:BTW....seems my application of "you" was misconstrued as literally you, but I do enjoy making individuals type till their fingertips bleed so go ahead, read into all my posts 22 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  TasteHi:lol well when you reply to my post and say you i am sorry if i mistook it to mean me, but thanks for umm helping the bandaid industry get back on its feet 22 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  TasteHi:an idealist guilty as charged. nazi supporting not so much no. 22 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  andreii:We ask that the government undertake the obligation above all of providing citizens with adequate opportunities for employment and earning a living.The activities of the individual must not be allowed to clash with the interests of the community, but must take place within its confines and for the good of all. Therefore, we demand:...an end to the power of the financial interests.We demand profit sharing in big business.We demand a broad extension of care for the aged.We demand...the greatest possible consideration of small business in the purchases of the national, state and municipal governments.In order to make possible to every capable and industrious [citizen] the attainment of higher education and thus the achievement of a post of leadership, the government must provide an all-around enlargement of our entire system of public education...We demand the education at government expense of gifted children of poor parents...The government must undertake the improvement of public health -- by the greatest possible support for all clubs concerned with the physical education of youth.[We] combat the...materialistic spirit withn and without us, and are convinced that a permanent recovery of our people can only proceed from within on the foundation of The Common Good Before the Individual Good .(Nazi party platform adopted at Munich, February 24, 1920;Der Nationalsozialismus Dokumente 1933-1945, edited by Walther Hofer, Frankfurt am Main: Fischer Bucherei, 1957, pp. 29-31). 21 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:It is thus necessary that the individual should finally come to realize that his own ego is of no importance in comparison with the existence of his nation; that the position of the individual ego is conditioned solely by the interests of the nation as a whole...that above all the unity of a nation's spirit and will are worth far more than the freedom of the spirit and will of an individual....This state of mind, which subordinates the interests of the ego to the conservation of the community, is really the first premise for every truly human culture....The basic attitude form which such activity arises, we call -- to distinguish it from egoism and selfishness -- idealism. By this we understand only the individual's capacity to make sacrifices for the community, for his fellow men.(Adolf Hitler speaking at Bueckeburg, Oct. 7, 1933; The Speeches of Adolf Hitler, 1922-39, ed. N.H. Baynes (2 vols., Oxford, 1942), I, 871-72; translation Professor George Reisman.)[Fascism stresses] the necessity, for which the older doctrines make little allowance, of sacrifice, even up to the total immolation of individuals, in behalf of society...For Liberalism, the individual is the end and society the means; nor is it conceivable that the individual, considered in the dignity of an ulitmate finality, be lowered to mere instrumentality. For Fascism, society is the end, individuals the means, and its whole life consists in using individuals as instruments for its social ends.(Alfredo Rocco, "The Political Doctrine of Fascism" (address delivered at Perugia, Aug. 30, 1925); reprinted in Readings on Fascism and National Socialism, pp. 34-35.)[T]he higher interests involved in the life of the whole...must set the limits an lay down the duties of the interests of the individual.(Adolf Hitler at Bueckeburg, op cit pg. 872.)Unless the political implications of this ethical doctrine of collectivism are not apparent to everyone, the Nazis make them strikingly clear. The Nazis were opposed to authentic private property, and as a result, to capitalism:"Private property" as conceived under liberalistic economic order was a reversal of the true concept of property. This "private proprerty" represented the right of the individual to manage and to speculate with inherited or acquired property as he pleased, without regard to the general interests...German socialism had to overcome this "private", that is, unrestrained and irresponsible view of property. All property is common property. The owner is bound by the people and the Reich to the responsible management of his goods. His legal position is only justified when he satisfies this responsibility to the community.(Ernst Huber, Nazi party spokesman; National Socialism, prepared by Raymond E. Murphy, et al; quoting Huber, Verfassungsrecht des grossdeutschen Reiches (Hamburg, 1939))To be a socialist is to submit the I to the thou; socialism is sacrificing the individual to the whole.(Nazi head of propaganda, Joseph Goebbels; In Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom (New York: Farrar, 1941), pg. 233.)Finally,I have learned a great deal from Marxism, as I do not hesitate to admit. The difference between them and myself is that I have really put into practice what these peddlers and penpushers have timidly begun...I had only to develop logically what Social Democracy repeatedly failed in because of its attempt to realize its evolution within the framework of democracy. National Socialism is what Marxism might have been if it could have broken its absurd and artificial ties with the democratic order.(Hitler to Rauschning, The Voice of Destruction, pg. 186).I hope by now that it should be obvious that the philosophical difference between the fascists and the socialists was minor, if existent at all. Each of these schools reject the efficacy of reason, affirm the principle of altruism, and uphold some form of collectivism. The inevitable result of these views is the destruction of freedom, which is exactly what happened in Nazi Germany and in Soviet Russia. 21 hours agoflag  reply0GeneSurber  Itsbatman_Durr:Conflation will get you now where. You can take all the quotes you want and throw out there to support your argument, but the words of dictators doesn't make your argument hold water. You just don't understand fascism. And, you obviously have no sense of context."Fascism is anti-individualistic, the Fascist conception of life stresses the importance of the State and accepts the individual only in so far as his interests coincide with those of the State. Fascism is opposed to liberalism which arose as a reaction to absolutism and exhausted its historical function when the State became the expression of the conscience and will of the people. Liberalism denies the State in the name of the individual; Fascism reasserts the rights of the State as expressing the real essence of the individual. And if liberty is to be the attribute of living men and not of abstract dummies invented by individualistic liberalism, then Fascism stands for liberty, and for the only liberty worth having, the liberty of the State and of the individual within the State. The Fascist conception of the State is all embracing; outside of it no human or spiritual values can exist, much less have value. Thus understood, Fascism, is totalitarian, and the Fascist State - a synthesis and a unit inclusive of all values - interprets, develops, and potentates the whole life of a people.No individuals or groups (political parties, cultural associations, economic unions, social classes) outside the State have merit. Fascism is therefore opposed to Socialism to which unity within the State (which amalgamates classes into a single economic and ethical reality) is unknown, and which sees in history nothing but the class struggle. Fascism is likewise opposed to trade unionism as a class weapon. But when brought within the orbit of the State, Fascism recognizes the real needs which gave rise to socialism and trade unionism, giving them due weight in the guild or corporative system in which divergent interests are coordinated and harmonized in the unity of the State."-- BENITO MUSSOLINI (1932)He further asserts, "When the war ended in 1919 Socialism, as a doctrine, was already dead; it continued to exist only as a grudge, especially in Italy where its only chance lay in inciting to reprisals against the men who had willed the war and who were to be made to pay for it."Don't you get it? Fascism and Socialism are two disparate political systems. They are not twins. Fascism is in Mussolin's own words, "national syndacalism." This is NOT socialism. While certainly there are similarities, the political philosophies are rather different. That is why we use the word Fascist rather than the word Socialist. Fascism as a practice was a far right movement. It was not a movement of the left. The rights attempt to distance themselves from their own hand in Fascism and Nazism works only on those too ignorant to understand history. Again, yes, there are similarities, but they are not the same. As a matter of fact, a Socialist would be more akin to a liberal, while a Fascist would be more akin to a conservative, in modern parlance.One can only wonder, today, why people such as yourself, Glen Beck, Sarah Palin, and others on the right are continuously attempting to conflate the two. 20 hours agoflag  reply+1ozoneocean  Itsbatman_Durr:This is where you sink your faade of impartiality. Sorry man, you might want to actually read more about the Nazis than a translation of their name ;) 20 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:so you say "You can take all the quotes you want and throw out there to support your argument, but the words of dictators doesn't make your argument hold water" and then ramble on with mussolini quotes to try to prove your point? good going!they are more than similiar, they are near identical, and only appear to be more different than they are when you only compare certain points of difference between just the two of them.  Add capitalism into the mix, and then tell me how different the two are when compared to it as a system. 20 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:oh and another thing.. learn to use conflate properly if you ar going to use it 80 times a day, and also trying to lump me in with beck and palin or any other perceived fringe elements to score points somehow is an ancient and played out debate tactic used by the desperate or the ill equipped 20 hours agoflag  reply0GeneSurber  Itsbatman_Durr:THE DOCTRINE OF FASCISMBENITO MUSSOLINI (1932)(ONLY COMPLETE OFFICIAL TEXT ON THE INTERNET)http://www.worldfuturefund.org/wffmaster/reading/germany/mussolini.htmi will let the man who developed the system speak to the matter... 20 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  ozoneocean:you might want to read the rest of the posts i made before you comment next time lol 20 hours agoflag  reply+3Vierotchka  Itsbatman_Durr:The National Socialist German Workers' Party was a party which was tanking and losing members after WWI. Hitler wandered in on one of its meetings, and saw an opportunity for him and his ideas. He gradually took it over through his incendiary speeches, and brought in his own people, but kept the name. Therefore, after Hitler's takeover of this party, the only socialist thing that remained was its name. 12 hours agoflag  reply+2GeneSurber  Itsbatman_Durr:The very fact that you are saying that Socialism and Fascism and Nazism are identical shows how utterly ignorant you really are of these economic and political movements--even history. Yes, there are many surface similarities in the platforms that the Fascists and the Nazi's had to Socialism. But you are totally ignoring their links to the right or to capitalism in doing so indeed, you are completely brushing aside the clear links between the ruling class and the right, along with the middle classes in supporting the Nazi's and the Fascists. You are merely cherry picking your facts to suit your argument, much the same way you did with the collection of favorites books of yesterdays assassin that began this discussion. Again, i can only ask why you are attempting to do this? i think it is clear that the intent is just another attempt by the right to paint democratic principles as evil.i didn't "ramble on with mussolini quotes," i posted an excerpt from Mussolini's own treatise on Fascism that utterly refutes your argument. You can read the entire treatise here: http://www.worldfuturefund.org/wffmaster/reading/germany/mussolini.htm. How can you possibly marginalize the very explanation offered by the leading proponent of Fascism?Is Great Britain Fascist? Is Sweden, Germany, the Netherlands or Norway fascist? They have essentially socialist governments today. If socialism and fascism are the same, then why don't we refer to those governments as Fascist... or Nazi? We don't because they are NOT the same. What i mean by conflation is that you combine Socialism and Nazism and Fascism into one neat little package, while leaving out those aspects that you don't find to your liking and totally disregarding context. Fascism was constantly reshaped as it grew into the space available to it--and it was financed and supported all the way from the forces of the right, including industrialists, aristocrats, bankers, and conservatives who feared that communism would take root in their countries as it did in Russia. These forces were able to cultivate the anger of the public against the democratic process that resulted from the economic and social realities of the time much as the right and the teabaggers are doing today. Look to see who finances the teabag movement to gain some real perspective on this! You cannot ignore the FACT that HItler would never had come to power had it not been for the rightwing factions in Germany at the time. The Nazi party, in 1932 was the strongest party in Germany, but toward the end of that year and moving into 1933 their power began to abate as the economic crisis that had plagued the country since the end of WWI began to recede. The conservatives, along with German aristocrats and industrialists hoping to take advantage of the wave of discontent that had catapulted Hitler to power supported the Nazi party with funds seeking to establish a corporate state under aristocratic leadership to circumvent the problems of parliamentary politics--no similarities there to the republican party today, eh? And, indeed, it is this very influence that can be seen thereafter as the underlying power structure of Nazism in Germany. The same structure can be seen in Italy under Mussolini. In essence, HItler came to power as a result of the depression and the middle classes fear of communism that had taken hold in Russia. The use of the communists and the Fascists irrational fear of them is expertly brushed aside by the right today who like to argue that Fascism and Socialism are one and the same.  But come on--what is the fear of Socialism if not, at root, the fear that it results in Communism? Think about it! I really want to see the argument from the right to explain how Communism and Socialism are so at odds. What a tangled mess of sophistry that will have to entail! Who did Hitler blame for the burning of the Reichstag? The communists of course.  And, lets not ignore how American businessmen such as Henry Ford, I.G. Farben, and companies like General Electric and Standard Oil who financed HItler not only in his rise to power, but financed him during the war through international banks. Look up Prescott Bush to see how he was hauled before Congress and censured for supporting the Nazi's during the war! Was good ole' Prescott a Socialist? Look it up. At every step of the way, both Hitler and Mussolini chose corporate interests over those of the working classes. They were extremely aggressive toward communists and socialists. While the Social Democrats and the communists were, in fact, the main opponents to the rise of the Nazi's in Weimar Germany! 7 hours agoflag  reply0GeneSurber  GeneSurber:While Fascism certainly used Socialist platitudes to wheedle its way into power. If you look at the economic realities of the day, it quickly becomes quite clear as to how and why this was the case. However, as Fascism progressed, at each and every turn on its rise to the dominant political and social reality, the movement chose the anti-socialist solution. Socialism, Liberalism, Conservatism, Communism, and all the other "isms" that i can think of related to political ideology arise from a previously laid out philosophical system of thought. Fascism, on the other hand, did not. It used these "isms" to gain power. It was more of a response to the events of the day and an attempt to subjugate mass democracy to a cult of nationalism wed to corporatism at odds with "liberal individualism," and the left. One of the major characteristics of both Fascism and Nazism was their public displays of nationalistic passion, born in anger at the political democratic process to breed violence against constant perceived threats. Fascism relied more on the immediate experience than reasoned arguments--using fear of economic and moral decline and outside forces (communism, intellectuals, jews, alleged "immoral" art and literature, etc.) to mobilize the individual into a group and that group into a nationalistic identity subordinate to the state.  In Germany, Fascism was coupled with extreme biological determinism (the superiority of the "Aryan race")--which was not an original plank of Mussolini's or Franco's Fascism.  As Fascists rose to power its leaders made alliances with different and factional political parties to expand its power and each step of the way moved closer and closer toward corporatism and the right and increasingly sought to subjugate and demolish the left. In practice, what was revealed was that Fascism was a ruthless class struggle against the organizations of the labor movement and the ideologies of the left. Its leaders were clearly from the radical and more conservative activists who used themes from the left to achieve power, and once they did, they quickly began to dismantle the power of the left to assert their own right wing agenda. Again, i call your attention to their persecution of communists, intellectuals, gays, jews, gypsies, etc. Nazi propaganda attacked the Weimar political system much as the teabaggers and the right attack the Obama administration today, offering the German people a sense of national pride and economic stability using fear of an external threat (communism versus illegal immigrants) and an internal one (intellectuals and the jews versus democrats and so called socialists) to achieve their ends. i am not arguing that Fascism did not bear similarities to socialism as a basic platform. They had to have some answer to the promises of communism. But to claim that it was identical to socialism is only an attempt by the right to besmirch the latter in hopes of dealing a death blow to political and economic philosophies that espouse the need for greater social and economic equity today. At the same time, this conflation is an attempt by the right to obfuscate how their own actions and interests blatantly supported the rise and practice of Fascism. It is down right Orwellian. If you look at Mussolini and Hitler; power, not class struggle was behind their political philosophies--if you could even call them a "philosophy." In the end, i believe that Fascism was more of an opportunistic movement that was craftily handled by propagandists and charismatic leaders to obtain and hold on to power. The Fascist movement emerged in an era of capitalist, imperialist and democratic expansion, and began by articulating anger at political and economic elites in their respective societies, but once they gained power, they forged alliances with capitalist and imperialists toward the end of stomping out democratic and socialist (working class) movements. Indeed, if you look at the roots of the National Socialist German Workers Party (the NSDAP, Nazis) you would quickly observe that it was HItler himself who reorganized the party to encourage the assimilation of radical right wing groups--why? So that he could gain access to the financial resources from German industrialists to obtain power. It clearly, was not socialism. While Socialism argues for government ownership of the greater industrial framework of a nation and espouses secularism and internationalism, Fascism seeks private ownership of corporations while marrying their interests to those of the state, and utilizes religious alliances and seeks the support of the church (as was especially the case in Italy), while being quite at odds with internationalism in favor of militarism and nationalism. This is NOT Socialism. So, in final, how can you right wing thugs argue that Fascism and Socialism are one and the same while totally ignoring the Fascists irrational fear of Communism? Again, you make the inane and spurious arguments merely to cover up the closeness of the rightwing ideology to Fascism and historical support of the movement. But, when you break your Orwellian arguments down, it is quickly revealed how they just don't hold much merit and, indeed, the argument is at odds even with itself. But, this is what happens when we turn our minds over to the likes of Palin and the Glenn Becks of the world. 7 hours agoflag  reply0perrodiablo  GeneSurber:I think this idea of them being the same comes from  Glen Beck.  I never heard that argument until that druggie came out.  You can have socialism without racism.  Nazism has to have sub humans, fear, well, you said it all already.  I have to say, at least some of these people pushing this junk have at least bothered to read one book, to try to justify it.  If it was the same, why did they do such a great job of killing each other?  Don't forget plutocracy.  That is the system we get from Neo-cons.  Soviets had the government own all the companies.  We have the companies own the government.  Nazis had a Furher.  Splice that or dice it however you want. 7 hours agoflag  reply+2thedirtman  Itsbatman_Durr:From the text.  "...there are numerous differences between socialism and fascism, the most obvious of which concerns their view of private property. Socialism abolishes the institution entirely; fascism does not."This is wiki... Fascism is a radical and authoritarian nationalist political ideology.  Fascists seek to organize a nation according to corporatist perspectives, values, and systems, including the political system and the economy.Whatever variation we choose (and authoritarians will choose their own) it does not matter in detail.  This is just an exercise in over-exacting or spinning words for political purposes.  Its just water balloon throwing. 7 hours agoflag  reply0GeneSurber  perrodiablo:The essence here is that pure socialism is about the working classes and the "class struggle." Fascism is about the corporate slave state. The corporations essentially prop up the government and the populace are slaves to the corporate state. There are far more similarities between the republican party platform and this ideology than socialist ones, and that is why this is an argument at all--because, as usual, the right wants to control the discourse, so they make such ludicrous claims as "socialism is fascism" to do exactly that. 6 hours agoflag  reply0GeneSurber  Itsbatman_Durr:Use the term properly? i think i have defined its use... i don't see where i have used it improperly at all:"Conflation occurs when the identities of two or more individuals, concepts, or places, sharing some characteristics of one another, become confused until there seems to be only a single identity  the differences appear to become lost. In logic, the practice of treating two distinct concepts as if they were one does often produce error or misunderstanding, as a fusion of distinct subjects tends to obscure analysis of relationships which are emphasized by contrasts. However, if the distinctions between two concepts appear superficial then intentional conflation may be desirable for the sake of conciseness."--WikipediaAs far as lumping you in with the likes of Palin and Beck... that is easy. You began by defending Palin based on cherry picking of facts and then you continued by parroting arguments frequently made by Glenn Beck that Socialism and Fascism were identical.On both scores i think it is clear to any objective reader that i have revealed your arguments to have little merit. 6 hours agoflag  reply+1perrodiablo  thedirtman:What you say is accurate as far as the Aryan system that developed.  I think it fits more to stick with Mein Kampht.   Schact has to come up with economic answers.  Hitler was bored by economics. His whole economic idea was steal what the sub-humans had.  Hitler was a racist thug, not a Marxist, Keynsian, or Friedmanite.  Mein Kampht has no economic rationale at all to it. 6 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:actually the facts that you went to wikipedia for the answer, and are more concerned about being on stage for the 'impartial reader' speak for themselves.all you have done is blather, parrot false logic that you dont even seem to have a grasp on, and try to curry some sort of internet favor by constantly trying to make it seem like i was in the same grouping as glenn beck and palin by throwing their names around loike they were some magic hot buttons that would get the puppets to dance for you.and btw i never defended palin, instead i attacked the position that she was to blame for this shooting, a subtle nuance i don't expect you to understand since there probably a wiki article on it yet, and it wasn't taught in 8th grade debate. 4 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:no the essence is you seem to favor socialism whilst dont want to be seen as someone who supports fascism so you are obligated to try to defend one while bashing the other.  as soon as you add a third system into the comparison, such as capitalism, you see that the differences you mention are merely cosmetic and they are at their core one and the same 4 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  perrodiablo:just because you never heard of it before beck doesnt mean he thought of it lol 4 hours agoflag  reply0GeneSurber  Itsbatman_Durr:Ha, you have got to be kidding me. Let's see... you claim that i don't use the word "conflate" correctly, i provide the definition from Wikipedia, and you disregard it.You claim that you made points i disregarded and that i have engaged in some false logic while you offer nothing but blather yourself.You claim that socialism is the same as fascism through cherry picked quotes and Glenn Beck rationalisms, and i have repeatedly proven that you are wrong, not only through my own posting of the history of Fascism, but through posting a treatise regarding the very issue from Benito Mussolini himself... you again completely disregard it.You started a discussion by cherry picking ONE BOOK out of the many listed by the crazy guy with a gun and use that to say he wasn't a fan of Sarah Palin. But when it is pointed out that he had Mein Kamph and a book by Ayn Rand, again you completely disregard it and argue that you were not defending Sarah Palin.You argue for your supposed intellectual superiority yet you have been incapable of speaking to any of the issues that i raised, meanwhile you charge that i'm just engaging in puppeteering. Right. i think that anyone who reads this thread knows what you are about.Leave it to say that what you were doing was parroting what the likes of Glenn Beck allege. You were called out and had your stupid argument shoved down your throat. You have no response left so you try to avoid the whole thing by slinging mud. i get it. How's that for fkn nuance? 1 hour agoflag  reply0GeneSurber  Itsbatman_Durr:Again, please answer for me; if socialism and fascism are one and the same, where does communism fit into all this since the fascists clearly hated it.Come on. Show us how smart you are. 1 hour agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:It is true that the Nazis and socialists were rivals for power in Weimar Germany. On account of their similar political ideologies, however, this rivalry collapsed in the face of the defeat of their common enemy: capitalism. Forgive me for "quoting Ayn Rand", but the following is a matter of historical fact:...in the German election of 1933, the Communist Party was ordered by its leaders to vote for the Nazis -- with the explanation that they could later fight the Nazis for power, but first they had to help destroy their common enemy: capitalism and its parliamentary form of government ("'Extremism,' or The Art of Smearing", September 1964, in Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal, pg. 180).Dr. Leonard Peikoff reaffirms this point in his book, The Ominous Parallels:The communists, too, wanted to use Hitler. Time after time their deputies voted with the Nazis in the Reichstag; they voted against legislation designed to cope with emergencies, against measures designed to curb violence, against attempts to maintain in office any kind of stable government. The Communists even agreed to cooperate with Nazi thugs. In November 1932, for instance, the two mortal enemies could be observed standing comfortably, shoulder to shoulder, on the streets of Berlin, collecting money to support a violent strike by the city's transportation workers.When Hitler's fortunes seemed to be faltering for a time in 1932, a stream of anxious Nazis poured into the ranks of the Communists; the Germans watching said that a Nazi is like beefsteak: brown on the outside, red on the inside. Soon, however, the traffic was in the opposite direction. "[T]here is more that binds us to Bolshevism than separates us from it," said Hitler to Rauschning. "There is, above all, genuine revolutionary feeling, which is alive everywhere in Russia except where there are Jewish Marxists. I have always made allowance for this circumstance, and given orders that former Communists are to be admitted to the party at once. The petit bourgeois Social-Democrat and the trade-union boss will never make a National Socialist, but the Communist always will" (Quoting from Rauschning's The Voice of Destruction, pg. 131) (Peikoff, 221).Peikoff continues:In the final months the Communists viewed the growing Nazi strength with equanimity. The triumph of Nazism, they said, has been ordained by the dialectic process; such triumph will lead to the destruction of the republican form of government, which is a necessary stage in the achievement of communism. Afterward, they said, the Nazis will quickly fade and the party of Lenin can take over (222).As for the Social Democrats, Dr. Peikoff notes thatThe Social Democrats, meanwhile, were being "tamed" in another way by Chancellor Franz von Papen. In July 1932, using only a token armed force, he ousted them illegally from the government of Prussia. The party leaders understood that this coup, if uncontested, would mean the loss of their last bastion of strength. But they observed the swelling ranks of the Nazis and Communists; the Prussian police and the German army brimming with nationalist militants; the millions of unemployed workers, which made the prospects for a general strike bleak -- and they decided to capitulate without a fight, lest they provoke a bloody civil war they had no heart to wage and little chance to win....There were not many Social Democrats who rose up in fury over 'the rape of Prussia.' The party had long since lost most of those who take ideas or causes seriously. there was not much youtful ardor to summon to the side of social democracy. "Republik, das ist nicht viel, Sozialismus is unser Ziel" ("A republic, that is not much, socialism is our goal") -- such were the signs carried in parades by young workers of the period (222).The reason for which the Social Democrats were so passive was not a mere inability to practice their principles consistently. It was, instead, a matter of the logical import of their principles. As Dr. Peikoff notes: "The republicans in every political party and group were in the same position: more and more, the contradictions involved in their views were leaving these men lifeless, and even speechless. They could hardly praise freedom very eloquently, not while they themselves, like everyone else, were insisting on further statist measures to cope with the economic crisis" (222-223).To the extent that any of these political groups did clash in Weimar Germany, the clashes were not over matters of principle. They were of the variety of conflict seen most often in inner city America, where rival gangs fight over turf, over such trivial difference as the color of clothing worn by the other gang. In the end, whoever happens to win is a pointless consideration. The result is the same: blood in the streets.As for the conflict between the Nazis and the USSR, one need only recall the Hitler-Stalin pact of 1937, in which the two powers agreed to divide up Eastern Europe together. Hitler and Stalin apparently had no problem in principle with working together to exterminate freedom in peaceful nations.In case anyone still doubts the fact that there was no difference in princple between the fascists and the socialists, consider the following revealing quotations from various infamous Nazis and other fascists:We ask that the government undertake the obligation above all of providing citizens with adequate opportunities for employment and earning a living.The activities of the individual must not be allowed to clash with the interests of the community, but must take place within its confines and for the good of all. Therefore, we demand:...an end to the power of the financial interests.We demand profit sharing in big business.We demand a broad extension of care for the aged.We demand...the greatest possible consideration of small business in the purchases of the national, state and municipal governments.In order to make possible to every capable and industrious [citizen] the attainment of higher education and thus the achievement of a post of leadership, the government must provide an all-around enlargement of our entire system of public education...We demand the education at government expense of gifted children of poor parents...The government must undertake the improvement of public health -- by the greatest possible support for all clubs concerned with the physical education of youth.[We] combat the...materialistic spirit withn and without us, and are convinced that a permanent recovery of our people can only proceed from within on the foundation of The Common Good Before the Individual Good .(Nazi party platform adopted at Munich, February 24, 1920;Der Nationalsozialismus Dokumente 1933-1945, edited by Walther Hofer, Frankfurt am Main: Fischer Bucherei, 1957, pp. 29-31). 57 minutes agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  GeneSurber:dude, youre wrong and a piss poor debater. you use wikipedia ffs as a source, which speaks for itself. you resort to name calling and trying to demonize the messenger when you cant dispute the message. you have not laid a foundation for dispute to a single relevant fact i have brought up showing how closely the two are related, instead thinking you can out shout me with nonsense. youre dismissed. discussions are for the intelligent, not any yahoo with a keyboard and :snicker: wikipedia 53 minutes agoflag  reply0GeneSurber  Itsbatman_Durr:i used Wikipedia to explain to you the term "conflation."You demonize yourself.i have disputed every false notion you have attempted to support. i think you missed it.i'd suggest looking again.You confuse and conflate political expediency with political ideology. You have thrown a bunch of quotes up to support your lame assertion that Fascism and Socialism and Nazism are the same yet completely disregard historical context and clear facts that prove you wrong. You clearly have an agenda with what you are doing, and i've stabbed it through the heart. You claim that my mind "is closed" because i call you a liar and a poor student of history and political philosophy. i call you a moron and a sophist, and a liar as response. You are a puppet of Glenn Beck as all your stupid, insipid, posts make quite clear. You attempted to portray yourself as even handed and even minded, but then cherry picked facts to make your argument... i've given you your debate. You have lost on all counts. End of class. You can go back and watch more Glenn Beck now. 40 minutes agoflag  reply0TasteHi  Itsbatman_Durr:lol good I enjoy reading your clips one of the few people in here that manage to make sense. 26 minutes agoflag  replykennymotownThis comment was removed as a violation of community guidelines.0Itsbatman_Durr  kennymotown:omg that so wrong but i literally laughed so hard i almost fell out of my chair 1 day agoflag  reply+2hunzedog  kennymotown:oh snap 1 day agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  Itsbatman_Durr:He's a pretty crazy guy, most of the time his ramblings are incoherent kind of like the shooters! 1 day agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  hunzedog:He, he! 1 day agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  kennymotown:lol but i think anything above a water pistol is probably out of his range.. and there is the whole question of whether he has an opposable thumb 1 day agoflag  reply+2Daena_Smith  kennymotown:That is funny..lol 1 day agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  Itsbatman_Durr:Are you trying to make me piss my pants? That was funny. 1 day agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  Daena_Smith:Thanks darlin! 1 day agoflag  reply+2Incredulous  kennymotown:oh no, you didn't?  lol badge on that one, seriously. 1 day agoflag  replymore fromNews:Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick Latest News Wyatt Earp SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10Imran Khan: Pakistan is 'going down' more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvThe Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowDinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  8 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  16 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  25 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 Incredulous commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  2 hours ago"When it comes to terrorism, we should err on the side of protecting the American people," Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement."Well they got the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog