Road Trip to Sedona Arizona A Photo EssayHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsTravel and PlacesVisiting North AmericaUnited StatesArizonaRoad Trip to Sedona Arizona A Photo EssayRoad Trip to Sedona Arizona A Photo Essay94rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy ChuckSedona is a beautiful city in the north central part of Arizona. Its main attraction is the red sandstone hills amongst which it nestles. It is not a big city but has achieved a reputation as a major tourist area as well as being both an artist colony and magnet for New Age types interested in contact with other worlds. There are supposedly portals in the vacinity where one can be teleported out or something like that.My wife and I purchased a small interest in a time share in Sedona about a year ago and had recently received an invitation to drive up for an update on the company's latest additions to their chain of resorts (with which we have exchange privliges). They offered us $300 to come and hear a sales presentation and, of course I accepted.So, on a cold, January morning (in Tucson, any time the temperature drops below 60 to 65 F it is considered unbearably cold - this particular morning it was in the low 40s) we got on Interstate 10 and headed north.Since we live north of downtown, traffic on the interstate was going in the opposite direction toward the center of the city while we had clear sailing going away from the city center. Soon we were across the county line and Picacho Peak came into view on our left. See all 27 photosOur Route - Interstate 10 to Phoenix then Interstate 17 North to Sedona ExitOstrich eating at Rooster Cogburn's Ostrich Ranch in Picacho, AZPassing Picacho PeakOne of the many buttes in the state, Picacho Peak sits in the middle of a state park of the same name and is the site of the only battle fought between Union troops and Confederate troops in Arizona during the Civil War.  Arizona was just a territory, not a state, at the time of the war and was nominally associated with the Confederate States of America during the war but didn't pay much attention to the war.  Just outside the park and bordering the western edge of the interstate is Rooster Cogburn's Ostrich Ranch, one of the survivors of the ostrich and emu farming craze a decade or so ago.  With their high ratio of meat per pound of bird, the health benefits of ostrich (and their New Zealand cousins the emu) meat and the medical uses for their oil, many people started ostrich and emu farms at that time.  Like booms in other products, the high prices attracted many suppliers and soon the market had all the ostrich products it needed and the weaker ventures failed leaving stronger ones like Rooster Cogburn's as the survivors.  I think that it was this ostrich ranch also played a cameo role a few years ago in the then controversial (at least with the Post Office) video game Postal which was created by the Tucson based software game firm Running With Scissors.   Picacho Peak Picacho Peak site of only engagement between Union and Confederate troops in Arizona during Civil War.Woman selling indian jewlry at Rest Area.  She and a couple of other hearty natives from the nearby Gila River Indian Reservation braved the early morning cold to set up shop for the winter visitors that would pass through the Rest Area during the daWhile this Rest Area and the adjoining Interstate Highway are relative new comers to the area, they are merely part of a long history of people stoping to rest here before continuing on their journey west.Oh Beautiful for spacious skies,...   The inspiration for these words from the hymn, "America the Beautiful" came to Katherine Lee Bates as she stood atop Pike's Peak in Colorado.  But the view of the spacious skies from our Rest Area was just as insSouthwestern Style Navajo Crafted Detailed Little Horse or Pony Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver, #tp128Amazon Price: $10.00List Price: $20.00Southwestern Indian JewelryAmazon Price: $38.25List Price: $75.00Southwestern Authentic Old Dime Navajo Money Clip, #8252Amazon Price: $20.00List Price: $40.00Southwestern Native American Handcrafted Turquoise Gemstone Channel Inlay Men's Watch in Sterling Silver with Stainless Steel Stretch Band, #6Amazon Price: $375.00List Price: $625.00Contemporary Southwestern JewelryAmazon Price: $16.991940 - 1952 Southwest & Western United States Films DVD: Vintage US Southwestern Region Clothing, Art, Culture, Clothes, Crafts & IndiansAmazon Price: $12.99List Price: $19.99The $10,000,000 Land PurchaseContinuing north, we made our first stop of the day at the highway Rest Area just south of Phoenix.  This Rest Area sits on the northern boundary of what is known as the Gadsden Purchase.  Following the Mexican War (1846-1848) the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo confirmed the U.S. claim on the state of Texas (which had gained its independence in 1836 and had been admitted to the Union as a State in 1845) as well as ceding to the U.S. what are now the states of California, Nevada and Utah as well as parts of Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado and Wyoming totaling about two-fifths of the original land area of Mexico.  The area ceded to the U.S. in this treaty didn't include the southern third of present day Arizona or the lower part of New Mexico.  However, a number of Southern business interests, including James Gadsden, the President of the South Carolina Railroad Company, wanted to tie the economies of the newly acquired territories to the South by running a railroad from the South to California and thereby giving the South more clout in Congress. However, due to geography, the best route lay to the south of the new U.S. - Mexican border.  Gadsden's friend, the then Secretary of State, Jefferson Davis, in the Cabinet of President Franklin Pierce, arranged for Gadsden to be appointed as Ambassador to Mexico where Gadsden promptly started negotiating to purchase the desired land for the U.S.  In 1852 Gadsden succeeded in getting the Mexican President Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna to sell the desired territory, consisting of 29,640 square miles in what is now southern New Mexico and southern Arizona for $10,000,000 in gold.  A good deal that worked out to about 33 cents an acre but nowhere near as good as the earlier Louisiana Purchase from France which came to about 3 cents an acre or later  Alaska Purchase from Russia which came to about 2 cents an acre.  As a result of the Gadsden Purchase our stop at this point was merely a rest stop for pictures rather than a mandatory border crossing stop.Leaving the rest area we resumed our trip north on I-10 and soon passed the exit for the Gila Indian Reservation with its museum and culture center.  Having a number of miles to go and a 3:00 p.m. appointment in Sedona, we continued on without stopping.  Besides, I had visited this a number of years ago with my sons.  This reservation was the birthplace of Ira Hayes, one of the Marines in the Joe Rosenthal's Pulitzer Prize winning photograph  of the Marines raising the American flag atop Mt. Suribachi on Iwo Jima during World War II.  The cultural center has an exhibit area dedicated to Ira Hayes and the raising of the flag.In addition to the Cultural Center there is another, more shameful, reminder of World War II  to be found at this exit.  A new sign attached to the exit sign announces that the exit will also take one to the remains of the old Gila River Internment Camp where Americans of Japanese descent were interned during World War II under the terms of Executive Order Number 9066 issued on February 19, 1942 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt.  Approximately 120,000 people of Japanese ancestry (over 60% of whom were born in the U.S.) were interned in camps which were located in remote areas of the west, usually on Indian Reservations like the Gila River Reservation (for which the reservations did not receive any compensation from the Federal Government).  There were two internment camps in Arizona, the one at Gila River and one further northwest in Poston.  During the war the population interned in the Poston camp made it the third largest city in Arizona after Phoenix (largest) and Tucson (second largest) with Gila River right behind as the fourth largest city in the state for that period.  Ironically, while the government felt it necessary for national security to confine citizens of Japanese ancestry in camps surounded by armed guards, they had no qualms about drafting young men from the camps as they came of age and sending them to fight in both the European and Pacific theaters of the war.  In 1988 President Ronald Reagan issued an apology to those who had been interned and signed legislation providing monetary compensation to the victims of the war time internment policy.  In December of 2006 President George W. Bush signed legislation providing funds to the National Park Service to preserve the camps as a rememberance of that era. At 85 miles per hour, there wasn't time to get my camera out and take a picture and, so as not to lose any more interesting shots, I gave the camera to my wife along with a quick lesson in its use.  She then took the remaining pictures from the road for me.     North of Phoenix the landscape is a high plateau with rolling hills and place names straight out of its frontier past.A close up for those who can't make out the sign in the photo above.Big Bug Creek.  This place was obviously named prior to the invention of insect repellent.After a long uphill drive we crest the mountain and begin our descent into the Verde Valley.  The day was so clear that we could see the snow covered San Franscisco Peaks - the highest mountain peaks in Arizona - north of Flagstaff in the distance.Enhanced view of the distant, snow covered San Francisco Peaks.Descending into Verde Valley.Backroads of Arizona: Your Guide to Arizona's Most Scenic Backroad Adventures (Backroads of ...)Amazon Price: $14.20List Price: $21.99Weird Arizona: Your Travel Guide to Arizona's Local Legends and Best Kept SecretsAmazon Price: $11.53List Price: $19.95Frommer's Arizona and the Grand Canyon 2011 (Frommer's Colour Complete Guides)Amazon Price: $11.64List Price: $20.99ArizonaAmazon Price: $31.44List Price: $50.00Frommer's Arizona 2009 (Frommer's Complete)Amazon Price: $7.83List Price: $19.99Vanished Arizona: Recollections of the Army Life of a New England WomanAmazon Price: $11.95Riddell Arizona Cardinals NFL Replica Mini Helmet w/Z2B MaskAmazon Price: $18.19List Price: $25.99Wide Open Country North of PhoenixHaving left Tucson shortly after 8 a.m., we hit Phoenix shortly after the worst of the morning rush hour and were able to sail through at 60 - 65 mph with the rest of the traffic.  While the city continues to grow in all directions it begins to thin out as one reaches the northern limits of Maricopa County and the countryside opens allowing one unlimited view from horizon to horizon.  This vast open area is dotted here and there with tiny hamlets and ghost towns.  Some day I plan to pull of and explore each of these exits, but for now I have to satisfy myself with photos (taken courtesy of my wife) of exit signs and Internet links to their stories.Bloody Basin is located just north of Cave Creek, a town and regional park which takes its name from a creek of the same name which starts in a cavern at the top of a nearby mountain and flows down into Paradise Valley below.  In the 1870s this area was a stomping ground for both the Tonto Apache tribe and settlers who were mostly gold miners.  Of course there was conflict and the army was called upon for help.  At dawn on March 27, 1872 a group of Army scouts (who were usually Indians from other tribes who worked for the Army as scouts) surprised a group of Apaches on Turret Peak.  The scouts had been trailing the Apaches and during the night had crept up on the Apache camp.  Attacking at dawn, the scouts killed or captured all but a few of the Apaches in the group and since then, this area has been known as Bloody Basin. Further up the road we cross Big Bug Creek which was quickly named by a group of miners in 1863 who were attacked by numerous large flying bugs as they made their way up the canyon searching for gold.  In their misery, these fellows, who were obviously seeking quick profits from the discovery of gold, did not take time to consider the effect of the name on future real estate sales.  But then, neither did those who attached the name Bloody Basin to the lands south of the creek.  Continuing on we come to the exit for Bumble Bee.  My wife was taking a nap and we didn't get a picture of this or the sign for Horse Thief Basin Recreation area.  Like Bloody Basin and Big Bug Creek, it doesn't take a lot of imagination to figure out the origins of these names or their effect on real estate sales.  In the case of Horse Thief Basin real estate sales are not a problem it lies within the Prescott National Forest and is off limits to private development.  You know that there is not much to Bumble Bee because the sign clearly states that there are no services at this exit.  Actually, Bumble Bee is a ghost town, the remains of an old mining town whose original settlers were attacked by, you guessed it, a swarm of Bumble Bees!  Likewise, Horse Thief Basin was, in the 1860s, home to bands of thieves who stole horses (a serious crime given that a man's livelihood, and often his life, in this area depended upon his horse) and other livestock.We now begin the climb to the high country overlooking the Verde Valley.  Trucks have to stay in the right lane because of their slow progress up the steep incline while many of us manage to pass them.  Eventually we reach the top and get a spectacular view of the  lands below.  This day is so clear that we are able to see the mighty snow capped San Francisco Peaks, the highest points in Arizona, which are located a considerable distance away to the north of Flagstaff.  Unlike other montain peaks in Arizona, these peaks tower above the tree line and are snow capped year round (snow falls on the other mountain peaks but, being below the tree line, viewers from below can only view it for a few hours while it is on the trees - once it falls from the tree tops it is no longer visible from the lands below the peak).We pass signs markeing exits for the Tuzigoot National Monument and Montezuma Castle National Monument both constructed in pre-Columbian times.  When first discovered, the Montezuma Castle site was thought to have been built by the Aztecs and was named accordingly.  However, later research revealed that it was constructed and used by a people known as the Sinagua Indian peoples who resided there between about 1300 and 1500.  Close up of Exit sign for Bloody BasinContinuing north we pass the exit for the Montezuma Castle National Monument, site of a pre-Columbian cliff dwelling built and used by the Sinagua Indians in the period between about 1300 and 1500.Exit for State Road 179 to Sedona and Flagstaff via beautiful Oak Creek Canyon.Sedona and Village of Oak CreekA little before noon we reached the turn off for Sedona.  A couple of minutes later we found ourselves entering the scenic Red Rock Country as we entered the Village of Oak Creek located on the south side of Sedona.  Ahead of us as we entered the village was a bell shapped butte aptly named Bell Rock.  According to one of the locals, as the millinium approached, an enterprising individual, taking advantage of the New Age lore surrounding the Sedona area, sold tickets to view Bell Rock launch itself into space at midnight on December 31, 1999 as the new milinimum started.  Even though the butte stayed put, this enterprising con artist would have succeeded with his little scam if an enterprising lawyer hadn't sued and pointed out that, by not including a line on the tickets stating that the money was not refundable if the rock failed to take off, the scam artist was legally obligated to return all of the money.    View of the cliff dwelling at Montezuma Castle (photo taken from the web)Beginning of red rock area and entrence to Oak Creek Canyon.Village of Oak Creek.Bell Rock - Still in place seven years into the 21st Century.Looking over the golf course at the resort where we have our timeshare.  Despite the temperature being in the mid-thirties, there were a couple of hearty golfers on the course.Additional Links of InterestSedona Arizona: VortexesItalian American internment - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaWWII Japanese Internment 2Visions of the world and Japanese American internment in Owens ValleyMuller, Free to Die for their Country, excerptAn excerpt from Free to Die for their Country.  Also available on website: online catalogs, secure online ordering, excerpts from new  books. Sign up for email notification of new releases in your field.Joe Rosenthal's Photo of Marines Raising Flag at Iwo JimaThe Katharine Lee BatesAmerica The Beautiful!Words to the hymn "America the Beautiful" along with information about the author, Katherine Lee Bates and a picture of her home in Falmouth, Massachusetts.Arizona in the NewsArizona tops Stanford day after Tucson shootingsSports Illustrated1 second agoStanford vs. Arizona recap from game played on January 09, 2011Arizona saddled with reputation as Wild WestPolitico1 second agoArizona inches perilously close to becoming a shorthand for the dangerous excesses of the political era.Arizona's chief fed judge among shooting victimsDetroit Free Press81 minutes agoNamed Arizona's chief federal judge in 2006, U.S. District Judge John M. Roll won wide acclaim for a career as a respected jurist and leader who had pushed to beef up the court's strained bench to handle a growing number of border crime-related cases. His death Saturday, at the hands of gunman apparently intent on assassinating Arizona U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, stunned those who mourned the ...Arizona shootings: Jared Lee Loughner accused of murder, attempted murderLos Angeles Times1 second agoArizona authorities file formal charges against suspect Jared Lee Loughner in the shooting rampage that targeted U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords. The congresswoman is in critical condition, though doctors are upbeat about her prognosis. Evidence against Loughner includes an envelope allegedly signed by him that says 'my assassination.' Authorities on Sunday formally accused Jared Lee Loughner of ...Arizona shooting shocks USPhilippine Daily Inquirer1 second agoTUCSON, ArizonaA US congresswoman was in critical condition on Sunday after being shot in the head by a gunman who opened fire at a public event, killing six people in an attack that shocked America.Arizona beats Stanford 67-57 in tough timeSportingNews1 second agoTUCSON, Ariz.  The Arizona basketball team hoped its 67-57 victory over Stanford served a larger purpose than a win in the Pac-10 standings. "We came here to play hard today," coach Sean Miller said, "and in a sense play for Tucson."Arizona game quietCBS Sports1 second agoArizona completed a home sweep of the Bay Area schools with a 67-57 victory over Stanford in a game pushed back a day because of Saturday's mass shooting in suburban Tucson.Arizona shooting suspect chargedBBC News1 second agoUS prosecutors charge 22-year-old Jared Loughner with trying to assassinate a congresswoman and killing two other government officials.Red Rocks in Sedona.Our little pied a terre in the Village of Oak Creek.  Each building in the photo is a four-plex with each unit within each four-plex being divisible (by double locking doors) into a 2-bedroom, 1-bedroom or studio unit.  We own one week's worth of stuSEDONA, ARIZONA 2011 APPOINTMENT WALL CALENDAR   Current Bid: $8.95 Sedona Arizona Souvenir T-Shirt 8 Sizes 3 Colors Current Bid: $9.34 SEDONA ARIZONA Christmas Ornament Oak Creek Canyon NIB Current Bid: $13.95 Arizona Destinations Series - Sedona Snoopy Rock Pin Current Bid: $4.50 More red rocks in Sedona.Chapel of the Holy Cross.  Designed by artist Marguerite Brunswig Staude who first had the idea for the chapel in 1932 but, due to the war and funding problems, not built until 1956.Sedona RED WEEK Arizona FIVE STAR Timeshare DEED Current Bid: $500.00 ARIZONA Sedona Pines Gold Crown RCI Points Timeshare!! Current Bid: $1.00 Sedona: Treasure of the SouthwestAmazon Price: $4.99List Price: $10.95Sedona's Top 10 HikesAmazon Price: $9.00List Price: $11.95Sedona Arizona Red Rock Country Tour Guide Book: Your personal tour guide for Sedona travel adventure!Amazon Price: $9.95Sedona Arizona Red Rock Country Tour GuideAmazon Price: $7.95 Evening is falling as we take our leave.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Travel: Mother's Day Dinner at Jennie's Bordello Bistro & PizzeriaTravel: For Sale  Principality of SealandKathy3 years ago Stunning pictures, and great commentary. Never been to the Southwest, so your Hub was great for the imagination for me.Chuck3 years ago Kathy, thanks for visiting my hub and glad you enjoyed it.  There is a lot of great scenery here in the Southwest and photographing it and sharing the photographs is fun.TFW3 years ago Have not been to Arizona since my days at Luke AFB in the early 80's. Your visual and historical narative brought back many memories. Thanks for the trip.asapilot3 years ago Very nice work on your hub. Much better than most. I haven't been to Sedona since I was a kid. I'm an airline pilot and I used to fly Salt Lake City-Phoenix quite a bit. On the return flight we'd go right over Sedona and it was always beautiful, especially in the late afternoon. Good job!http://www.travelpassport.info AZGuy2 years ago Cool hub! Thanks for posting. I'm going to put a link to this in my hub!azcamper2 years ago Hi Chuck!  I was just looking for a not-too-cold-for-March camping spot for our family.  My husband told me to look up Horse Thief Basin, and that's how I came across your site.  This is a great resource!  I got so involved in reading all of the interesting historical info to my kids, that I almost forgot what I had been originally searching for!  They can't wait to go to Bloody Basin and the other neat places north of Phoenix and look for signs of past battles.  Thanks for taking the time to write all of this down for others to learn from and enjoy! theknowledgeable20 months ago Hi Chuck,What an amazing Hub! One day I hope to road trip in the USA - not enough money right now as some of your readers might understand! I also linked to your hub on my hub called All About Road Trips (look at my profile if you want to see it - I'm not promoting my hub or anything!). Once again, thanks for an excellent Hub.Chuck20 months ago theknowledgeable - I'm glad you enjoyed the Hub and hope your fortunes improve so that you can visit the USA to road trip (try Canada too while you are here as there is great and varried scenery up there as well). and thanks for the link to  your Hub http://hubpages.com/hub/Road-Trip-Survival-Guide which is All About Road Trips and has some good information as well as a good video on the Australian Outback - although the road is anything but a super highway it still looks like a great trip.Street Sign Guy15 months ago Great photos, and wonderful hub.  I love Ariziona!!kims30038 months ago Beautiful Hub! Nicely put together with fabulous photosjustinskier2 months ago Wow I cannot wait to go back there.  Love it.GlstngRosePetals3 weeks ago I have to say yes Arizona is a beautifull place to visit and I love living in AZ. I enjoyed reading your hub and yes the traffic during rush hour traffic here is horrible..Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites100ChuckFrom Tucson, Arizona3184 Followers567 HubsJoined 4 years agoRead more hubs by ChuckContact ChuckFollow ChuckSubscribe to Chuck's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Chuck a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsIs the San Antonio Spurs dynasty really over?asked by swebster89 15 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionWhat are the best vegan restaurants in San Francisco?asked by Fawntia 2 weeks ago4 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsArizona Vacations: Tuzigoot National Monumentby wannabwesternOak Creek Canyon & Slide Rock State Park in Sedona, Azby Peggy W10 Best Cities / Small Towns/ Places to Visit in Arizonaby Kathryn VercilloArizona Vacations: Montezuma's Well and Verde Valley...by wannabwestern5 Best Local Option-Rich San Francisco Lunch Escapesby Kathryn VercilloMy Favorite San Antonio and Texas Hill Country Vacation...by rmcrayne Arizona ForumTopicRepliesdoes anyone live in or near chandler arizona?posted by pinkylee27Made It To Sedona!posted by K Partin38Post a new topicTagstravel arizona driving world war ii civil war tucson Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.465 sec)  working