Mass Bird & Fish Die-Offs Go Global, Spark End Times Panic // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 210Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 72Corporations or politicians hurting America? 12The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 05, 2011| 127 commentsMass Bird & Fish Die-Offs Go Global, Spark End Times Panicsource: http://www.prisonplanet.com/mass-bird-fish-die-offs-go-global-spark-end-times-panic.htmlAn error occurred while setting up video display.im1mjrpain added thisBrazil, Sweden and New Zealand hit with strange phenomena as speculation ragesThe mass bird and fish die-offs that have affected parts of the U.S. over the last week have now gone global, with Sweden, Brazil and New Zealand becoming the latest countries to experience a phenomena that has sparked both scientific intrigue and apocalyptic panic in equal measure.Following the sudden deaths of thousands of birds that fell over Beebe Arkansas on New Years Eve, in addition to 100,000 dead fish found along a 20-mile stretch between the Ozark Dam and Highway 109 Bridge in Franklin County, 500 dead blackbirds and starlings were subsequently discovered in Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana.Large numbers of dead birds were also found in Kentucky around Christmas and more were found in the following days. Earlier this week, tens of thousands of small fish were found washed up in the Chesapeake Bay area. Despite their deaths being blamed on a cold snap, experts are bewildered that the fish didnt swim to warmer waters as would be their normal response.In a separate report emailed to us by an Alex Jones Show listener, more dead birds were seen near St. Louis, Missouri.I just wanted to let Alex now that I encountered over a hundred blackbirds killed on Christmas Day. This was about 30 miles south of St. Louis, MO near highway 55. The intersection was covered with them, states the email.The phenomenon has now gone global, with dead jackdaw birds falling to their deaths across central Sweden shortly before midnight on Tuesday.In New Zealand, hundreds of dead snapper have washed up on Coromandel beaches. The fish looked fat and healthy, ruling out the weather or starvation as a cause of death.People at Little Bay and Waikawau Bay, on the north-east of the peninsula, were stunned when children came out of the sea with armfuls of the fish and within minutes the shore was littered with them, reports the Sydney Morning Herald.Meanwhile, in Brazil, 100 tons of fish (sardine, croaker and catfish) have turned up dead off the coast of Parana over the course of the last week.Apart from Paranagua, (Edmir Manoel) Ferreira said the dead fish are starting to appear in other coastal towns, reports Parana Online. The dead fish are going to Antonina, and Guaraqueaba. We need an urgent solution to this, he warned.The number of different cases of dead birds and fish around the U.S. and globally has been matched by the myriad of different explanations as to the cause of their demise. The more mundane causes are cited as fireworks, localized hail, power lines, or other temporary phenomena that caused the birds to panic and fly into one another. However, this doesnt explain why similar events are occurring in different areas of the country or indeed the world and it doesnt address the issue of mass fish deaths.As we have documented, the primary suspects should always be governments given the fact that they have routinely engaged in secret testing of biological and electromagnetic weapons that have detrimentally impacted both humans and animals many times in the past.Others point to the New Madrid fault zone coming to life again as a result of being disturbed by the BP oil spill and threatening the onset of a series of mega-earthquakes which will hit Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, Arkansas, Kentucky, Tennessee and Mississippi. Why this would be preceded by mass bird deaths is not properly explained.An example of one of the more esoteric theories behind the die-offs was explained by controversial Pastor James David Manning, who labeled the phenomena a Global Katrina 2, and an act of biological warfare, voicing his belief that the strange sequence of die-offs was a harbinger of tribulation and the biblical end times.Web searches for bible prophecies and end time scenarios have exploded as some Christians fear that the mass die-offs mark the beginning of a series of catastrophes.Internet keyword searches continue to register off the charts. Queries like dead fish Bible, dead birds and fish Revelation, dead birds and fish die End Times. were being entered by the million Tuesday, writes Jim Hagerty, with forum moderators kept busy answering questions about the opening of the Seventh Seal and whether or not a great pestilence will follow soon.It seems unavoidable that the closer we get to 2012 and the onset of the widely prophesied end times theory, where a series of cataclysmic or transformative events will coincide with the end-date of a 5,125-year-long cycle in the Mayan Long Count calendar, which will subsequently herald the end of the world or the beginning of a new spiritual age, that every bizarre event will be cited as evidence of this coming transformation.The mass deaths of birds in particular strike a resonant chord within the human psyche for a number of sociological and cultural reasons, not least of which is the fact that they are often seen as an early warning system for harm that could later come to human beings, which of course is where the term canary in the coal mine originates.Although mass die-offs of birds and fish are by no means unprecedented, any increase in their regularity will combine easily with 2012 fever to whip up more frenzy and wide-eyed speculation. This in turn will distract millions of Americans from both real environmental crises that could be connected to the bird deaths, as well as very real political conspiracies and financial plots that continue to spell doomsday for the very existence of the American republic, with no reliance on idle speculation about Mayan calendars or 2012 end times prophecies.While some theories are rooted in scientific verbiage, others have taken on an altogether more spiritual and apocalyptic context.http://www.prisonplanet.com/mass-bird-fish-die-offs-go-global-spark-end-times-pa... groups:News, Green tags:Alex Jones,Katrina,Dead Birds,blackbirds,beebe arkansas,Sydney Morning Herald,fish die off,coromandel beach 4 more|127 comments// Mass Bird & Fish Die-Offs Go Global, Spark End Times Panic // Videohide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+1futuregenI first noticed a decrease in birds after attending the Live Earth concert (July 7, 2007) and re-visiting Sanibel Island. I used to work at the wildlife sanctuary there. In the summer of 2007 it was hard to find birds but easy to find an increase in military population and surveillance. They were working on the causeway so that might have added to the problem but there were few birds even on Captiva, far from the causeway. Since then I have noticed a decrease in birds in Illinois and northern Maine. They are being replaced by military controlled birds, squirrels, rats, dragonflies, etc. All to spy on the public and keep the powers that be in power. Fake animals in our parks and around our houses are just eyes and ears for our out of control military and the neocons who want us to believe it is the end of the world. HAARP HAARP HAARP 6 hours agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  futuregen:People will attack you for that one but you are right, they do have miniature drones that appear to be birds, dragonflies, squirrels, etc. If you want to know where all the birds are going, take a look at the 'chicken wings' at the local sports bar and tell me the last time you saw a chicken that small. 6 hours agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  WeAreChangeKy:Less birds = more chicken wings? This is illogical. 5 hours agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  Gravity_Man:A large variety of birds, as in pigeons and others, are used in making so called chicken wings and chicken meals at Chinese fast food places, sports bars and other places. That was my point, if you notice a drop in pigeon population, just look at your plate next time you order chicken wings. 2 hours agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  WeAreChangeKy:Hmm, that does go a ways toward explaining the reasonable prices! 1 hour agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKyhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eS-4_Uopt5oRodney ViereckChief, Space Weather Services Branch, NOAA Space Weather Prediction Center, Boulder, Colorado, USA.Poles shifting confirmed... Listen to his ( slip ) oops.& cover..lol 1 day agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:The magnetic poles shift constantly, they move around, they always have done. Didn't you know that?http://www.nasa.gov/vision/earth/lookingatearth/29dec_magneticfield.html 1 day agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:Yes, V, anyone educated knows that. The issue here is that there has been a dramatic shift recently that hasn't been recorded or expected. An extreme and rapid shift has taken place and is still occurring. It has been proven to have re-routed planes in the US and Russia. An American airport is re-painting the runways to compensate for this rapid, recent change. The North Pole is currently on its way to Russia and has moved 30% in a very short period of time. Tow the government line, as you are so good at, V. Mr. Vierek wouldn't have felt the need to cover his tracks if this was something 'normal'. In addition, all of the US animal deaths have fallen directly on the New Madrid and Wabash Valley fault lines, believed to be connected by many geologists. A dramatic pole shift is the most feasible way, other than HAARP, ( http://current.com/technology/92246163_defense-gov-news-transcript-dod-news-brie... ) , to cause these fault lines to activate. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wabash_Valley_Seismic_Zone 1 day agoflag  reply-1WeAreChangeKy  WeAreChangeKy:A map of the mass animal deaths. Notice in the US, they are all on these two fault lines, New Madrid and Wabash Valley. The foreign animal deaths happened days later progressing along the Earth's fault lines.  All of the deaths happened from West to East on the globe progressing Eastward after an earthquake on the New Madrid fault on December 30. http://maps.google.com/maps/ms?ie=UTF8&msa=0&msid=201817256339889828327....,5.273438&spn=141.542315,12.304687&z=2&iwloc=0004991c2e41cf55affcb 1 day agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:They occur all over the place, also on fault lines but not only, all over the globe. 1 day agoflag  reply0Bahai144In the U.S. media they're actually saying: 1.That there's no connection at all between the dead fish and the dead birds. and 2.That it was fireworks that made the birds fly into buildings! The people who are at the front lines of putting out these asinine statements clearly think that the public is completely without intelligence and willing to swallow any absurd "explanation" if it's repeated incessantly for a time and attached to the lips of some so-called "experts". Hmmmm...could they be right about that?I've been saying, since I heard the first thing about the redwinged blackbirds and fish in Arkansas, that there are now toxic clouds not too far up that are gathering from all the burning and evaporation they encouraged to happen in the spill and getting more dense. I figured that just like their chemicals cause congealing of the oil in the water its also combined in the air for a gaseous congealing of sorts so now theres the same kinds of toxic clouds in the air that there were/are in the water. Then when it rains through those gas clouds it precipitates out and poisons the inland fresh water and some species are more immediately killed off than others. I've heard also that this is not just happening in the U.S.Of course this will be denied and possibly several such mindbendingly stupid explanations as "blunt trauma" and fireworks displays will be spat out by various "experts" until the corrupt, junk science establishment can come to a consensus about what idiotic party line they feel comfortable getting behind as their official pronouncement in an effort to provide culpable deniability for their corporate masters.  16:3 And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea.16:4 And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and fountains of waters; and they became blood.16:5 And I heard the angel of the waters say, Thou art righteous, O Lord, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast judged thus.16:6 For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, and thou hast given them blood to drink; for they are worthy.16:7 And I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgments.(King James Bible, Revelation) 2 days agoflag  reply+1s_peakThis is what the "tipping point" feels like. As I said before, biological systems do have a point at which they will flip, and essentially begin to die... and to stop it would be an astronomical (probably impossible) task. When enough "toxins" are present, the cultures in the soil will flip from bad to good... and this will cause the land to, basically, rot. New diseases will probably spread like wildfire at this point... or the soil may be unable to support any life for thousands of years. If we keep going, there WILL come a point where nothing will grow... among other problems.This is the most monumental point in human history. I'm interested in seeing what happens, but there's simply no denying that this (human destruction of the planet) is happening, anymore. The cross-talk is bullshit. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand that we have a major impact on the life of this planet... and in only a millenia or two (or really only since we started using oil for energy) we have destroyed billions of years of beauty and evolution that worked perfectly fine without us. 3 days agoflag  reply0Monkey_FilmsThis also happened in Sweden, and three other countries and a new fish kill on the coast. The varied locations all at the same time kind of rules out fireworks, lightning, and cold. 3 days agoflag  reply0Monkey_Filmshttp://wzus1.search-results.com/r?t=p&d=apn&s=zdo&c=a&l=dis&...!%20-%20associatedcontent.com&ex=&url=&u=http://www.associatedcontent.com/news/Many are now studying as to whether New Madrid is becoming active. New Madrid in previous centuries has caused fish and bird die-offs. It is now proven and accepted that HAARP can indeed cause or influence earthquakes. This is one, Vierotchka, where you might want to do some research before making an opinion or decision. 3 days agoflag  reply+1Gravity_Man  Monkey_Films:You can play a HAARP when you have your own flying saucer fleet to carry ya to safety eh? They sure didn't spend all that tax money on INFRASTRUCTURE.Good scenario => hitting New Madrid to relieve pressure off Arnold. 3 days agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Monkey_Films:http://current.com/technology/92246163_defense-gov-news-transcript-dod-news-brie...Defense Secretary Cohen claims the US military can cause earthquakes. 1 day agoflag  reply-2ayipislets all kneel and pray..LOL 3 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis(Revelation 6:9-11). God hears their cries for justice and will deliver it in His timingin the form of the sixth seal, along with the trumpet and bowl judgments. When the sixth of the seven seals is broken, a devastating earthquake occurs, causing massive upheaval and terrible devastationalong with unusual astronomical phenomena (Revelation 6:12-14). Those who survive are right to cry out, Fall on us and hide us from the face of him who sits on the throne and from the wrath of the Lamb! For the great day of their wrath has come, and who can stand? (Revelation 6:16-17).The seven trumpets are described in Revelation 8:6-21. The seven trumpets are the contents of the seventh seal (Revelation 8:1-5). The first trumpet causes hail and fire that destroys much of the plant life in the world (Revelation 8:7). The second trumpet brings about what seems to be a meteor hitting the oceans and causing the death of much of the worlds sea life (Revelation 8:8-9). The third trumpet is similar to the second, except it affects the worlds lakes and rivers instead of the oceans (Revelation 8:10-11).**********  oh shit..those atheists are fucked up now LOL***** 3 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  ayipis:God has not heard our cries for justice, you are still posting. 3 days agoflag  reply0BrushwithDeathToothpaste  ayipis:LOL 2 days agoflag  reply-3ayipisjust imagine if GOD is real..and is coming as scheduled..to punish the wicked and the blasphemous..LOL 3 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  ayipis:That means that it is fish and birds who are wicked and blasphemous, according to you, eh? 3 days agoflag  reply0BrushwithDeathToothpaste  ayipis:LOL 2 days agoflag  reply0CBeranekIf I was a fish living in Arkansas I'd want to die as well. 4 days agoflag  reply+1Gravity_Man  CBeranek:It is already recommended we not eat fish caught inside U.S. borders. Our rate of producing pollution has caught up with us.The scientific community has proven itself IMPOTENT. They pursue Fame, Glory and Money instead of clean water and edible fish. 4 days agoflag  reply0NiceNThey're heeeerrre. 4 days agoflag  reply0Nephwrack  NiceN:ghosts? 4 days agoflag  reply0Nephwrack  Nephwrack:aaagh i kill me. XD 4 days agoflag  reply0NiceN  Nephwrack:Bird deaths. 3 days agoflag  reply0TypicalStereotypeHow come no one realizes these birds are flying into invisible force fields around the ufos that are gathering around the world?! 4 days agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  TypicalStereotype:Only invisible birds do that. 3 days agoflag  reply-1im1mjrpainH.A.A.R.P? 4 days agoflag  reply+1NiceN  im1mjrpain:The birds were not vaporized.More like pollution, the man made plague. 4 days agoflag  reply+1EthicalVeganhttp://tinyurl.com/365tjxyhttp://4.bp.blogspot.com/_DCukX9cAsE0/ShpTCd3-_9I/AAAAAAAABfM/_K5qvceOOhc/s400/b...Click here for updated news:http://tinyurl.com/365tjxy 4 days agoflag  reply+2rhetoricallyineffectivehttp://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2011-01-03-dead-birds_N.htmApparently there were reports of up to 12 loud booms heard in Arkansas before the birds started to fall. No one knows what the noises are yet. I'm probably just being paranoid (more than likely), but I keep thinking about USO's and UFO's. Nevertheless, radiation and magnetic field changes do seem to be the most reasonable explanation, and we do still have to deal with BP spilling AND burning all of that oil... 4 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  rhetoricallyineffective:http://www.rawstory.com/rs/2011/01/mass-bird-fish-deaths-worldwide-phenomenon/A local resident reported hearing about 20 loud booms Saturday night -- which could have been fireworks or a cannon to get rid of nuisance birds -- and saw a huge flock of frantic birds when he went outside."He could hear the blackbirds fluttering around -- he could hear their wings and he could hear them hitting into things," state veterinarian George Badley told AFP.Blackbirds have poor night vision and they were likely killed because they banged into houses, trees and each other in their fright. (Blackbirds, one should note, roost around Beebe in huge numbers, flocks of hundreds of thousands. Flocks so big that farmers actually have cannons to try to scare them away.) 4 days agoflag  reply+1EthicalVegan  Vierotchka:How tremendously sad!!! 4 days agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:Amazingly enough, earthquakes also give off loud booms. HAARP, as well, makes lights in the sky and loud booms to be heard when being used. Imagine that. Fireworks, no, it would happen every time there is a celebration. Dead birds, not on the fourth of July, so why now? That's BS and you know it. 1 day agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:Blackbirds, one should note, roost around Beebe in huge numbers, flocks of hundreds of thousands - they flock only in the winter, not in the summer. Flocks so big that farmers actually have cannons to try to scare them away.Everything you post is BS and you know it. 1 day agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:Provide some evidence of this, silly V. I provide proof, you just throw out personal attacks. You've slacked since I've been on the sight. You used to at least try to use legitimate links or arguments. Now you just TOE the line. 21 hours agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:One cannot be on a sight - one can be in someone's sight range, but not on any sight.On 13-14 March 1904, an article in the Quarterly Journal of Ornithology reported at least 750,000 migrating Lapland Longspurs were found dead in Worthington, Minnesota. Some were said to have flown against buildings, electric lights and wires, and others to have dashed themselves on frozen ground and ice. There were not even contrails in those days, so we can rule out "chemtrails". There was no HAARP in those days, so we can rule that out too. There was no advanced bio-weaponry either, so that too can be ruled out. Conclusion, that and all other bird kills are natural phenomena and unrelated to any non-existent chemtrails or other insane and paranoid theories. 11 hours agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:My links, that you must not have read, point out that weather manipulation was first recorded in 1815. You fail. Because HAARP did not exist when that particular incident occurred does not logically lead to the conclusion that one instance makes all future incidents due to the same cause/s. Failed logic. Concluding that one 1904 instance was not related to chemtrails and then projecting that on all future bird kills is also failed logic. You're not as smart as I once gave you credit for. Worse; you also, in another response, post a link for a blog where everyone believes a certain belief and try to prove it as your source for discrediting my links to scientific, governmental and actual Department of Defense documents, not to mention a video of William Cohen, former Secretary of Defense, admitting the existence of what you claim does not exist. Failed logic again, overall...BIG TIME FAIL. Try again, this time take your time and do some real reading on educational, collegiate or scientific sites. 6 hours agoflag  reply+1Vierotchkahttp://www.rawstory.com/rs/2011/01/mass-bird-fish-deaths-worldwide-phenomenon/A local resident reported hearing about 20 loud booms Saturday night -- which could have been fireworks or a cannon to get rid of nuisance birds -- and saw a huge flock of frantic birds when he went outside."He could hear the blackbirds fluttering around -- he could hear their wings and he could hear them hitting into things," state veterinarian George Badley told AFP.Blackbirds have poor night vision and they were likely killed because they banged into houses, trees and each other in their fright. (Blackbirds, one should note, roost around Beebe in huge numbers, flocks of hundreds of thousands. Flocks so big that farmers actually have cannons to try to scare them away.)Bird deaths in perspective. Bird deaths simply from them flying into things are in the hundreds of millions.http://www.fws.gov/birds/mortality-fact-sheet.pdfBuilding window strikes may account for 97 to 976 million bird deaths each year. Communication towers conservatively kill 4 to 5 million birds annually (possibly closer to 40 to 50 million; a nationwide cumulative impacts study should help resolve this question). Strikes at high tension transmission and distribution power lines very conservatively kill tens of thousands of birds annually. Taking into account the millions of miles of bulk transmission and distribution lines in the U.S., and extrapolating from European studies, actual mortality could be as high as 174 million deaths annually. Electrocutions probably kill tens of thousands of birds but the problem is barely monitored. Cars may kill 60 million birds or more each year, private and commercial aircraft far fewer, while wind turbine rotors kill an estimated 33,000 birds annually. 4 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchkahttp://ice.itm.ingenta.com/content/bsc/ibi/2007/00000149/00000003/art00001Cold weather often kills migrants in their breeding areas, but not the local resident species which can better withstand it at those times. For migrants, cold and snow act to cut off the food supply, and can have a major selective effect on the seasonal timing of migration. Records of in-flight weather-induced mortality, involving up to hundreds or thousands of birds at a time, have affected mainly small passerines, but also larger birds, including eagles and swans. Most occurred in conditions of mist, rain or snow storms, and some involved nocturnal collisions with illuminated masts and other tall structures. Records of post-arrival mortality in breeding areas have involved mainly small insectivores (especially hirundines), but also waders and waterfowl. Such incidents, associated with cold and snow, have reduced local breeding densities from the previous year by 25-90%, depending on species and area, with up to several years required for recovery. Records of pre-departure mortality on breeding areas have mainly affected hirundines. Two major incidents in central Europe in September 1931 and 1974 killed hundreds of thousands, or even millions, of swallows and martins. http://elibrary.unm.edu/sora/Wilson/v110n03/p0409-p0411.pdfOn the night of 13-14 January 1997, thousands of grebes migrating southward from Great Salt Lake flew into a snowstorm and crashed in southern Utah. Near the town of Delta about 3650 hit the ground after being attracted to lights of houses; of these 148 (4.1%) were found dead. Concurrently, 8 km away, 3600 more were downed and 1600 (44.4%) were found dead in a 2-ha pond at the Intermountain Power Project plant (IPP). Internal examination of over 1000 carcasses showed, as in previous downings (Jehl 1993), that death resulted from severe trauma (e.g., massive internal bleeding; broken bill, sternum, clavicles, legs; cranial hemorrhage; ruptured spleen or liver) 4 days agoflag  reply0Monkey_Filmshttp://www.csmonitor.com/USA/2010/1230/Indiana-earthquake-extremely-rare-and-unp...Earthquake near New Madrid on December 30, the day before all of this began. 4 days agoflag  reply+1EthicalVegan  Monkey_Films:By any stretch of the imagination, I cannot for one single second make a connection between an earthquake and these various tragic deaths. 4 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  Monkey_Films:Thanks monkey,Some people choose to remain in denial about all possibilities and that's OK, but here's the part of  that which truly baffles me. I acknowledge their god given rights to believe whatever they choose to believe, yet they get angry  and defensive about other possibilities that don't necessarily coincide with what they believe. They then you to "prove it", while there's no hard data or concrete evidence to support their THEORIES either.People voting your comments down does not always mean that you're wrong. It simply means that either disagree with you, or they're behaving childishly because they might not accept your beliefs or not like you. Some people have created the position in their minds that they will remain intellectually superior to everyone regardless of any and all evidence contrary to the fact.The earthquake plausibility sounds as realistic a possibility as anything else that I've heard so so. Good to hear from you brother. 3 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  EthicalVegan:Maybe you should try. Just maybe. We should remain open to all possibilities until we find out what the truth is behind this catastrophic mystery. 3 days agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  EthicalVegan:You should do some research on animal, bird and fish deaths preceding and after earthquakes. It happens every time there is a large one that occurs. Since this is true, that gives the idea much more credibility than fireworks or cold since this has never happened due to either of those reasons in past human history. 1 day agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:They occur frequently, and in large numbers, all year round. 1 day agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:Not this many nor this many at once. 21 hours agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:On 13-14 March 1904, an article in the Quarterly Journal of Ornithology reported at least 750,000 migrating Lapland Longspurs were found dead in Worthington, Minnesota. Some were said to have flown against buildings, electric lights and wires, and others to have dashed themselves on frozen ground and ice. There were not even contrails in those days, so we can rule out "chemtrails". There was no HAARP in those days, so we can rule that out too. There was no advanced bio-weaponry either, so that too can be ruled out. Conclusion, that and all other bird kills are natural phenomena and unrelated to any non-existent chemtrails or other insane and paranoid theories. 11 hours agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:I answered your failed logic on this one above. Way to post the same failed argument twice on the same post. Repeating doesn't make one right. Science would be a good first start for you. 6 hours agoflag  reply+1Monkey_FilmsThis is End Times fear initiated by HAARP to further initiate control over populations by military. They are aiming HAARP at New Madrid. Nobody is mentioning that Indiana had an earthquake near New Madrid during this same time. 4 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  Monkey_Films:http://www.aolnews.com/2010/12/30/indiana-earthquake-the-new-madrid-seismic-zone...==================================================================Indiana Earthquake: The New Madrid Seismic Zone ExplainedAs residents of Indiana discovered this morning, the ground beneath their feet is not always so steady.Registering a somewhat modest 3.8 on the Richter scale, today's quake was centered in the north-central part of Indiana, an area not all that accustomed to seismic activity. While the specific fault has yet  to be determined, the area borders the New Madrid Seismic Zone, a large area of interconnecting fault lines that has produced the country's most powerful recorded quakes.Surge Desk takes a look at the possible seismological culprit.1. How big is the New Madrid Seismic Zone?Stretching over 150 miles, the fault zone covers portions of Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, Arkansas, Kentucky, Tennessee and Mississippi.2. What is a fault zone doing in the center of the United States?Geologists believe that approximately 750 million years ago, the New Madrid Seismic Zone was formed when the supercontinent Rodinia began to split apart. While what eventually became known as North America did not eventually split apart in the plate tectonic dance, the faults created by that movement remained, only to be obscured by millions of years' worth of sediment, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.3. Have there been any major earthquakes in the New Madrid Seismic Zone?Several. In 1811 and 1812, four separate earthquakes believed to have registered with a magnitude higher than 7.0 rocked places like northeast Arkansas and New Madrid, Mo., destroying homes and uprooting trees. A 6.6 quake in Charleston, Mo., in 1895 caused extensive damage to the town, and a 5.4 temblor in 1968 hit Dale, Ill., according to the U.S. Geological Survey.4. How active are the faults in the New Madrid Seismic Zone?Not very. In an average year, the faults have been found to be traveling at an annual speed of 0.2 millimeters. While quakes too small to be felt are continually happening in the fault zone, about one each year rises to a newsworthy magnitude.5. So should Midwesterners be worried about a major earthquake?It depends on whom you ask. While seismologists at the USGS tend to agree that there is a strong likelihood of another earthquake along the New Madrid Seismic Zone, predicting when that might occur is a tricky proposition.Thanks again Monkey 3 days agoflag  reply0harleyblueswomanGoogle map showing everywhere there has been reports   http://maps.google.com/maps/ms?ie=UTF8&msa=0&msid=201817256339889828327....,5.273438&spn=141.5423 4 days agoflag  reply+2Sparky2UIdiots the SKY IS NOT FALLING 4 days agoflag  reply-4Gravity_ManMankind's molecular weight of airborne crap may be the cause. 4 days agoflag  reply+2rodstradamusIt's raining HAARP waves, Chemtrails, Monsanto GMO Seeds, Frankenfish and Norway Spirals. 4 days agoflag  reply-3Gravity_Man  rodstradamus:You're threatening my thread position [I thought I had locked]. 4 days agoflag  reply-3Gravity_ManTraitors of the Planet 1. Bush 2. Cheney 3. Obama 4 days agoflag  reply-4Gravity_Man  Gravity_Man:ssshhhhh 4 days agoflag  reply+2keithponderhttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/01/05/dead-birds-fall-from-sky-_n_804591.html...=1179325,b=facebookDead Birds Fall From Sky In Sweden, Millions Of Dead Fish Found In Maryland, Brazil, New Zealand. MILLIONS OF FISH ARE NOW BEING FOUND DEAD WORLDWIDE.======================================================Millions of dead fish surfaced in Maryland's Chesapeake Bay in the U.S., Tuesday, while similar unexplained mass fish deaths occurred across the world in Brazil and New Zealand. On Wednesday, 50 birds were found dead on a street in Sweden. The news come after recents reports of mysterious massive bird and fish deaths days prior in Arkansas and Louisiana.The Baltimore Sun reports that an estimated 2 million fish were found dead in the Chesapeake Bay, mostly adult spot with some juvenile croakers in the mix, as well. Maryland Department of the Environment spokesperson Dawn Stoltzfus says "cold-water stress" is believed to be the culprit. She told The Sun that similar large winter fish deaths were documented in 1976 and 1980.ParanaOnline reports that 100 tons of sardines, croaker and catfish have washed up in Brazilian fishing towns since last Thursday. The cause of the deaths is unknown, with an imbalance in the environment, chemical pollution, or accidental release from a fishing boat all suggested by local officials.In New Zealand, hundreds of dead snapper fish washed up on Coromandel Peninsula beaches, many found with their eyes missing, The New Zealand Herald reports. A Department of Conservation official allegedly claims the fish were starving due to weather conditions.While all three events are likely unrelated, they come after recent reports of mysterious dead birds falling from the sky in both Arkansas and Louisiana. Thousands of dead birds were found in Beebe, Arkansas on New Year's Eve, and a few days later, around 500 of the same species were found 300 miles south in Louisiana. A Kentucky woman also reported finding dozens of dead birds scattered around her home. In the days prior to New Year's, nearly 100,000 fish surfaced in an Arkansas river 100 miles west of Beebe. Officials are now saying that fireworks likely caused the Arkansas bird deaths, and power lines may be to blame for the death of the birds in Louisiana.Some remain skeptical of the explanations. Dan Cristol, a biology professor and co-founder of the Institute for Integrative Bird Behavior Studies at the College of William & Mary, told the AP that he was hesitant to believe fireworks were to blame unless "somebody blew something into the roost, literally blowing the birds into the sky."Wednesday, officials in Sweden reported the finding of 50 dead birds on a street, suggesting that cold weather or fireworks were the likely culprit.Bird deaths and fish kills at smaller numbers aren't all that uncommon, though the size and proximity of some of the recent events have led people to allege their relation, though officials deny the frequency of these wildlife deaths as being anything other than coincidence.In August of 2010, tens of thousands of dead fish were reported washing ashore in two separate occasions, 200 miles apart on the East Coast.CLICK HERE to let us know what you think caused the mass bird deaths. While many of the animals are undergoing tests that could take weeks to yield comprehensive results, some officials attest that the true cause behind these mysterious deaths may never fully be known.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------No one really knows exactly what is causing the death of fish and fowl apparently all over the planet now, and until we get to the exact nature of the problem, we all have the right to speculate. Our government has shown us time and time again that they cannot be trust. A couple of days ago, some of you criticized others that refuse to accept the "sound killed the birds" version that our government was feeding to us. Well, so much for the sound theory.You cannot tell anyone that what their belief of what is killing fowl and fish worldwide is wrong, if you don't know yourself. Let's just hope that we all find out the truth sometime in the very near future, because this is beginning to get real ugly. 4 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  keithponder:http://ice.itm.ingenta.com/content/bsc/ibi/2007/00000149/00000003/art00001Cold weather often kills migrants in their breeding areas, but not the local resident species which can better withstand it at those times. For migrants, cold and snow act to cut off the food supply, and can have a major selective effect on the seasonal timing of migration. Records of in-flight weather-induced mortality, involving up to hundreds or thousands of birds at a time, have affected mainly small passerines, but also larger birds, including eagles and swans. Most occurred in conditions of mist, rain or snow storms, and some involved nocturnal collisions with illuminated masts and other tall structures. Records of post-arrival mortality in breeding areas have involved mainly small insectivores (especially hirundines), but also waders and waterfowl. Such incidents, associated with cold and snow, have reduced local breeding densities from the previous year by 25-90%, depending on species and area, with up to several years required for recovery. Records of pre-departure mortality on breeding areas have mainly affected hirundines. Two major incidents in central Europe in September 1931 and 1974 killed hundreds of thousands, or even millions, of swallows and martins. http://elibrary.unm.edu/sora/Wilson/v110n03/p0409-p0411.pdfOn the night of 13-14 January 1997, thousands of grebes migrating southward from Great Salt Lake flew into a snowstorm and crashed in southern Utah. Near the town of Delta about 3650 hit the ground after being attracted to lights of houses; of these 148 (4.1%) were found dead. Concurrently, 8 km away, 3600 more were downed and 1600 (44.4%) were found dead in a 2-ha pond at the Intermountain Power Project plant (IPP). Internal examination of over 1000 carcasses showed, as in previous downings (Jehl 1993), that death resulted from severe trauma (e.g., massive internal bleeding; broken bill, sternum, clavicles, legs; cranial hemorrhage; ruptured spleen or liver) http://www.rawstory.com/rs/2011/01/mass-bird-fish-deaths-worldwide-phenomenon/A local resident reported hearing about 20 loud booms Saturday night -- which could have been fireworks or a cannon to get rid of nuisance birds -- and saw a huge flock of frantic birds when he went outside."He could hear the blackbirds fluttering around -- he could hear their wings and he could hear them hitting into things," state veterinarian George Badley told AFP.Blackbirds have poor night vision and they were likely killed because they banged into houses, trees and each other in their fright. (Blackbirds, one should note, roost around Beebe in huge numbers, flocks of hundreds of thousands. Flocks so big that farmers actually have cannons to try to scare them away.)Bird deaths in perspective. Bird deaths simply from them flying into things are in the hundreds of millions.http://www.fws.gov/birds/mortality-fact-sheet.pdfBuilding window strikes may account for 97 to 976 million bird deaths each year. Communication towers conservatively kill 4 to 5 million birds annually (possibly closer to 40 to 50 million; a nationwide cumulative impacts study should help resolve this question). Strikes at high tension transmission and distribution power lines very conservatively kill tens of thousands of birds annually. Taking into account the millions of miles of bulk transmission and distribution lines in the U.S., and extrapolating from European studies, actual mortality could be as high as 174 million deaths annually. Electrocutions probably kill tens of thousands of birds but the problem is barely monitored. Cars may kill 60 million birds or more each year, private and commercial aircraft far fewer, while wind turbine rotors kill an estimated 33,000 birds annually. 4 days agoflag  reply+2keithponder  Vierotchka:YAWN...... Maybe this maybe that. I respect and honor your position to believe what you choose, but like you told me.....prove it.You been real quick to blame nature and defend the government, but cold weather has been here on Earth for billions of years. 3 days agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:Scientifically, your fireworks idea is completely bogus. You have a tendency to believe the first report you hear on most subjects especially if being fed to you by the government. You seem smart, though, so I suggest taking the theories you 'tow the line' on and run them through your intellect. Many, I think you will find, make no scientific nor logical sense. I'm just suggesting some independent thinking and deduction rather than constantly 'towing the line' for the government agencies all the time. 1 day agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:It is not MY idea, it is the conclusion of most experts in the field. I don't have a tendency to believe the first report I hear or read on any subject - unlike you, I research the subjects and do my homework, I toe no line (it is toe, not tow - do your homework), and I am not under the influence of any government. You, on the other hand, have made your mind up and are fixated on a zany theory and see nothing else. 1 day agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:If you are not TOEing the line, then how in the world could you believe the fireworks propaganda? 21 hours agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:OH, and the Cambridge dictionary claims that it can be used either way, sometimes making more sense to use tow. Also check before you attack, it tends to come back on you in particular. 21 hours agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  keithponder:On 13-14 March 1904, an article in the Quarterly Journal of Ornithology reported at least 750,000 migrating Lapland Longspurs were found dead in Worthington, Minnesota. Some were said to have flown against buildings, electric lights and wires, and others to have dashed themselves on frozen ground and ice. There were not even contrails in those days, so we can rule out "chemtrails". There was no HAARP in those days, so we can rule that out too. There was no advanced bio-weaponry either, so that too can be ruled out. Conclusion, that and all other bird kills are natural phenomena and unrelated to any non-existent chemtrails or other insane and paranoid theories. 11 hours agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:On 13-14 March 1904, an article in the Quarterly Journal of Ornithology reported at least 750,000 migrating Lapland Longspurs were found dead in Worthington, Minnesota. Some were said to have flown against buildings, electric lights and wires, and others to have dashed themselves on frozen ground and ice. There were not even contrails in those days, so we can rule out "chemtrails". There was no HAARP in those days, so we can rule that out too. There was no advanced bio-weaponry either, so that too can be ruled out. Conclusion, that and all other bird kills are natural phenomena and unrelated to any non-existent chemtrails or other insane and paranoid theories. 11 hours agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:On 13-14 March 1904, an article in the Quarterly Journal of Ornithology reported at least 750,000 migrating Lapland Longspurs were found dead in Worthington, Minnesota. Some were said to have flown against buildings, electric lights and wires, and others to have dashed themselves on frozen ground and ice. There were not even contrails in those days, so we can rule out "chemtrails". There was no HAARP in those days, so we can rule that out too. There was no advanced bio-weaponry either, so that too can be ruled out. Conclusion, that and all other bird kills are natural phenomena and unrelated to any non-existent chemtrails or other insane and paranoid theories. 11 hours agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:Just plain ignorant, and again you repeated a joke of an argument three times now. 6 hours agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:Four times and you are increasing the exposure of your ignorance. 6 hours agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:Five times. And now the jury has returned. What's the verdict. FAIL, FAIL, FAIL, FAIL, FAIL, FAIL, FAIL, FAIL, FAIL, FAIL, FAIL, FAILAnd all twelve jurors come back with FAIL. So, I sentence you to two years of reading. I hope you come back to society with an education and logic. Good luck to you. 6 hours agoflag  reply-3Gravity_ManHey, I know. We need a group sing-a-long song. A Titanic shouldn't sink without a band playing. We need something that shouts up into the Heavens how great we are. 4 days agoflag  reply-3Gravity_Man  Gravity_Man:A song that tells how mighty we are in war, how many helpless human babies we could slaughter on a good day. Little napalm music mr. bandleader if you would. 4 days agoflag  reply+2EthicalVegan  Gravity_Man:I just can't find a damn thing funny about the deaths of tens of thousands -- perhaps millions? -- of innocent lives.  I just can't. 4 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  EthicalVegan:Wasn't meant to be funny. You thought so I guess. 10 hours agoflag  reply+2PirateSauceI think we'd all like an explanation for this, and whether you believe it's fireworks or a virus, I think the planet is going through some growing pains that are unstoppable.I think it's time to buckle up 4 days agoflag  reply-2Sparky2U  PirateSauce:Me thinks they were Democrats. 4 days agoflag  reply+5Nephwrackerm... HELLO! BP just dumped god knows how many trillion gallons of oil in the ocean. doesn't mean Jeebus is showing up with the pork chops. 4 days agoflag  reply+1BenPerlis  Nephwrack:I completely agree. I wish i knew the complete extent and the future affects of the worst oil spill in history. 4 days agoflag  reply+3Itsbatman_Durri blame brett favre 4 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  Itsbatman_Durr:That Bastard ! 4 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  Itsbatman_Durr:LOL 4 days agoflag  reply0Nephwrack  Itsbatman_Durr:YEAH! 4 days agoflag  reply-1Gravity_ManBirds, fish and whales want to move? They don't have all the fancy electronic toys just the 80,000 chemicals flowing through their body every day. And jet noise. Jet smoke. Jet engines and windshields.Thin egg shells. Hmm. I would say they knew they're dying. Living things that recognize they are dying a slow death will choose a faster death.Maybe they were unable to face their children knowing what they left them. 4 days agoflag  reply+1Nephwrack  Gravity_Man:how is this the birds fault? 4 days agoflag  reply-2Gravity_Man  Gravity_Man:It happened on the bird's watch. 4 days agoflag  reply-1Gravity_Man  Gravity_Man:On the other end of that stick there's me after having invented umpteen pollution-negative engine systems and a harvesting lightning system to stop World pollution, so what is happening is neither my fault nor the fault of the God whose Bible prophecies were my engine pattern since 2002.This all falls outside of God's Will because He helped me show the way to escape this mess and garbage. People who claim to be smart, and claim to be your glorious leaders, they turned the sheets over your head.You've all been short-sheeted real bad. So now it's your baby => your ball => your net. I suggest you do something inspired because your leaders ran out the clock.I'm waiting, and I'm watching. I'm watching earthquakes come closer, food shortage and starvation come closer too while the Ethanol plant workers are racking up overtime pay. Dummies. Phooey.Read Amos Chapter 3 verse 7 some time. I was here all along. 4 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  Nephwrack:Gravity_Man:On the other end of that stick there's me after having invented umpteen pollution-negative engine systems and a harvesting lightning system to stop World pollution, so what is happening is neither my fault nor the fault of the God whose Bible prophecies were my engine pattern since 2002.=================================================================On the other hand there's me..... (look Ma', no hands). It's not MY fault or GOD'S fault.Dude is a real whack job. 4 days agoflag  reply+1Nephwrack  Gravity_Man:OK SO EFFING PROVE IT. let's see your miraculous engine power something like say, a light bulb. 10 effing potatoes can, so let's see your engine power a light bulb. gimme a link. i'm calling you out genius. 4 days agoflag  reply+1Nephwrack  Gravity_Man:oh so you're a prophet now. amazing. 4 days agoflag  reply-1tverdell  keithponder:He's not a whack job he is actually very intelligent. 3 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  tverdell:Yeah you're right. He's so smart that everybody is wrong. Just him and God are right.Nobody else. He's the SAVIOR that none one is listening to so we're all doomed.We're all just a bunch of Chimpanzee-Americans, according to him, and I'm a racist for disputing his assessments of "How Great Thou Are". 3 days agoflag  reply0tverdellhttp://maps.google.com/maps/ms?ie=UTF8&msa=0&msid=201817256339889828327....,5.273438&spn=141.542315,12.304687&z=2&iwloc=0004991c2e41cf55affcbBetter Death Map 4 days agoflag  reply+2tverdellDeath Map 4 days agoflag  reply0BenPerlis  tverdell:Thank you for the map 4 days agoflag  reply0im1mjrpainFish and wildlife "officials"?  What's so official about these people? 4 days agoflag  reply+1artandcreatures  im1mjrpain:@im1mjrpain... Fish and wildlife officials are there to ensure that enough animals and fish survive for hunters and fishermen to enjoy. Most of them consider that and that alone, to be their job.  They are in bed with local politicians. I realize that this is a simplistic explanation, but it sums up my empirical take on these people in the eastern US. 4 days agoflag  reply0figgdimensionYour all invited to my end times party!!! 4 days agoflag  reply-1Sparky2U  figgdimension:Don't get so excited...Oprah farted... 4 days agoflag  reply0figgdimensionweird that they are all migrating species 4 days agoflag  reply-1figgdimensionthe old ones are back obviously for good deals at Wall-mart for end times sales bargains... you didn['t know that Yog-soth liked poly-knit did you...well...it does! 4 days agoflag  reply+1CalPal  figgdimension:"Cthulhu demands a Hello-Kitty doll NOW!!" 4 days agoflag  reply0Nephwrack  figgdimension:LOL 4 days agoflag  reply+1mitekillemThe birds, the bees, and now the fish. Next...larger animals. If people start dropping like flies, with no explanation...I'm driving to Hollywood and kicking M. Night Shamalan's ass! 4 days agoflag  reply+3Johnny_Los_AngelesThere are good examples and explanations of this in movie The Core watch it on dvd. It even shows birds falling out of sky dead and fish dying due to holes in magnetic field. Other things to really worry about: just as this weakening of the magnetic field is taking place the biggest solar flare activity ever is expected later this year and into 2012. Now that is bad news and is FACT. Another unfortunate fact to keep in mind is that mars was once more earthlike when it had a magnetic field, its field collapsed and this let the solar radiation and solar winds in to strip away the atmosphere and killed the planet leaving it as it is now dead, cold and barren. 4 days agoflag  reply0figgdimension  Johnny_Los_Angeles:now thats freaky and more than likely if scientist's have been playing with the delicate balance as  we all know they have 4 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  Johnny_Los_Angeles:The biggest solar flare activity ever is expected later this year and into 2012? Nonsense - see http://current.com/science/92901927_nibiru-and-doomsday-2012-questions-and-answe... and watch the video, then click on the link to the article & read the questions and answers. 4 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  Johnny_Los_Angeles:It is not fact.14. I have heard that the Earths magnetic field will flip in 2012 just when the strongest level of solar storms in history is predicted to take place. Will this kill us or destroy our civilization?Near solar maximum (which happens every 11 years approximately), there are many more solar flares and coronal mass ejections than near solar minimum. Flares and mass ejections are no danger for humans or other life on Earth. They could endanger astronauts in deep space or on the Moon, and this is something that NASA must learn to deal with, but it is not a problem for you or me. Large outbursts can interrupt radio transmission, cause bright displays of the aurora (Northern and Southern Lights), and damage the electronics of some satellites in space. Today many satellites are designed to deal with this possibility, for example by switching off some of their more delicate circuits and going into a safe mode for a few hours. In extreme cases solar activity can also disrupt electrical transmissions on the ground, possibly leading to electrical blackouts, but this is rare.The last solar maximum occurred in 2001, so the next one was predicted for around 2012, 11 years later. However, the most recent solar minimum was unusual, with a period of a couple of years with almost no sunspots or other indications of solar activity, so scientists now guess that the next maximum will be delayed, perhaps to 2013. However, the details of the solar cycle remain basically unpredictable.You are correct that the Earths magnetic field protects us by creating a large region in space, called the Earths magnetosphere, within which most of the material ejected from the Sun is captured or deflected, but there is no reason to expect a reversal of magnetic polarity any time soon. These magnetic reversals happen only once in 400,000 years on average.15. I am confused about a report on the Fox News website that in 2012 a Powerful Solar Storm Could Shut Down U.S. for Months. They referred to a report from the National Academy of Sciences that was commissioned and paid for by NASA. If nothing is going to happen as a result of the event in 2012, why would NASA allow such nonsense to be reported?NASA is pleased with the National Research Council report on heliophysics. As you note, this report includes a worst-case analysis of what could happen today if there were a repetition of the biggest solar storm ever recorded (in 1859). The problem is the way such information can be used out of context. There is no reason to expect such a large solar storm in the near future, certainly not in 2012 specifically. Your reference to the event in 2012 illustrates this problem. There is no prediction of an event in 2012. We dont even know if the next solar maximum will take place in that year. The whole 2012 disaster scenario is a hoax, fueled by ads for the Hollywood science-fiction disaster film 2012. I can only hope that most people are able to distinguish Hollywood film plots from reality.http://astrobiology.nasa.gov/ask-an-astrobiologist/intro/nibiru-and-doomsday-201... 4 days agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:Because NASA and the US government would never lie to us.... 1 day agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:It's called predictive programming. Movies are made about subjects we are not supposed to believe in or talk about so that people like you will say things like...The whole 2012 disaster scenario is a hoax, fueled by ads for the Hollywood science-fiction disaster film 2012. I can only hope that most people are able to distinguish Hollywood film plots from reality.Quite a smart form of population control perfected by our government by the late 1950s. 1 day agoflag  reply-2Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:Oh, they do on occasion, but not constantly like you. 1 day agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:You are in serious need of deprogramming from whatever cult it is that has brainwashed you. 1 day agoflag  reply+1WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:Standard CointelPro response. Have you just read the manual or are you currently on staff? 21 hours agoflag  reply+3a619koOkay, has anyone found a logical explination for this, any evedince? I highly doubt birds died because of thunder or fireworks' unless last year, the same thing happend, and years before that. But, there has to be a logical reason for this, either a viruse...or because of the trauma maybe it could have been thunder, or supersonic weapons that are kept secret, heck' maybe it's Bp, maybe those birds where eating seafood and the fish where swimming in the poisinouse liquid. Maybe...Who knows right? 4 days agoflag  reply+1PirateSauce  a619ko:Solar/space radiation seems to be the best theory so far. Birds are very sensitive to radiation. 4 days agoflag  reply0a619ko  PirateSauce:But why are only a certain type of bird, and fish? 4 days agoflag  reply+1Johnny_Los_Angelesit has nothing to do with the bible, like everything else its science, most likely holes or localized flips in the earths magnetic field, it is weakening and destabilizing. 4 days agoflag  reply+2tommicweird shit 4 days agoflag  reply+2eden49...something "toxic" this way comes...internal bleeds in the birds!!!...would be interested to see if same situation in fish... 4 days agoflag  reply+1PirateSauce  eden49:i'm guessing the birds have internal bleeding from crashing into the ground 4 days agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  PirateSauce:John Wheeler was going to blow the whistle on a biological weapons release in Arkansas. He was taken care of but not before trying to get the word out. These deaths are due to a biological weapons accident that Wheeler tried to warn us about. A chemical, I think called Phosgene that cause the eruption of the blood vessels in the body. That is what is what made to do. This is reported in Russia Today. 1 day agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  WeAreChangeKy:You are deeply and possibly irremediably ensconced in an insane horror La-la-land. I pity you. 1 day agoflag  reply0WeAreChangeKy  Vierotchka:Cheap deflection, what's wrong, V, run out of debate skills? Only got personal attacks left in your arsenal? Do some reading and then try to prove myself or MonkeyFilms wrong. I'll be waiting for an educated response. 21 hours agoflag  replymore fromNews:Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick Latest News Wyatt Earp most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Too much fluoride in water! see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Smoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-Dadefrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  10 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  18 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  27 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 WhiteNoise commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoTHANKS FOR THE FLOWERS, NOW FOR THE POT ;)http://whitenoiserants.webnode.com/news/media-induced-reality-/  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog