Bill Clinton implores Democrats to back tax deal // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 220Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 10, 2010| 119 commentsBill Clinton implores Democrats to back tax dealsource: http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20101210/ap_on_bi_ge/us_obama_clintonAn error occurred while setting up video display.JohnA added thisWASHINGTON  Bill Clinton implored Democrats to back the tax-cut deal that President Barack Obama negotiated with Republicans as the former president made a surprise appearance at Obama's side in the White House briefing room Friday."I don't believe there is a better deal out there," Clinton told reporters who'd been summoned at a moment's notice to see the former chief executive back the current one. Clinton and Obama had just finished a private meeting in the Oval Office.Obama said it was a "terrific meeting" and then turned the podium over to Clinton.The voluble former president took it away, and Obama left part-way through his remarks, saying he had holiday parties to attend."Both sides are going to have to eat some things they don't like," Clinton told reporters. "We don't want to slip back into a recession. We've got to keep this thing going and accelerate its pace. I think this is the best available option."The pact would extend cuts in income tax rates for all earners that would otherwise expire next month, renew long-term jobless benefits and trim Social Security taxes for one year. A number of liberal Democrats say it gives away too much to Republicans, and a provision that's particularly irksome to Democrats cuts estate taxes for the wealthiest Americans.Nonetheless the measure appears headed for Senate approval after negotiators added a few relatively modest sweeteners to promote ethanol and other forms of alternative energy. It's unclear whether House Democrats, who are most opposed, will be able to demand changes that go much further.Clinton gave the package his full-throated endorsement, even while noting that he opposes the extension of upper-income tax cuts  though he himself will benefit from it."I personally believe this is a good deal and the best he could have gotten under the circumstances," Clinton said, urging fellow Democrats to support it."If I was in office now, I would have done what the president has done," he said.http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20101210/ap_on_bi_ge/us_obama_clinton groups:News, Politics, US Politics tags:Bill Clinton |119 comments// Bill Clinton implores Democrats to back tax dealhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel-1wtthfkovrObama has done what Republicans have wanted to do for years start dismantling Social security Thats his way of compromising with republicans to fuck old people 27 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  wtthfkovr:we've reformed. thats now exclusively a liberal agenda 27 days agoflag  reply0WisconsinNormI live in a state that disputes as to how far in debt it really is.  It is probably the same in yours.  How can this be?  I also live in a state that spends public money on the stupidest of projects--mostly road related...why?  Pay your taxes and shut up-that's why. 29 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  WisconsinNorm:My state, Mississippi, was only just beginning to recover from Katrina when the BP oil spill blew.  We have taken public money, but because our people were forced to live in formaldeyide tainted trailers because entire towns were blown off the map never to be seen again.  Now how many generations will have to deal with the oil spill.  I do pay my taxes and I will not shut up.  This is my country too, and we've been getting a hell of a raw deal lately, in my opinion. 29 days agoflag  reply-1galwaymanLooks like Obummer knows most Americans think he is a wimp so he brings out Bubba,the most popular president in recent memory to elevate his public image to me! I also assume most Americans bought into the show as well! Tax cuts for the rich? No way! 29 days agoflag  reply+1SaladinJust because it was the best deal we could have gotten doesn't mean it was a good one.This country is becoming fucking pathetic.We're literally addicted to these tax breaks, regardless of the consequences be it fiscal, social or economic.Nevermind that unemployment is at ten percent, our debt is reaching crisis levels and our basic social deal is mostly broken, let's give billionaires a tax break because Republicans are whining.Fuck that, filibuster the deal and let them all expire.Take the hard medicine America. Because if you don't make sacrifices now, when are you going to make them? Because it's pretty much already too late. 29 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  Saladin:To be VERY honest I am for Tax Cuts no matter who gets them. I do not like the fact that the Government steals our money under the cover of law in the first place. That being said whos to say he could not have gotten the middle class tax cuts without getting the Billionaire ones because he did not put up a Public fight.Couched in the right way the Republicans would have been HARD PRESSED to let the Middle Class Tax cuts go along with the unemployment benefits of MILLIONS of people so Bill Gates could keep a few more million a year.Obama reminds me of a Arkansas Giant Bulldog Cur I use to own. Whenever a Dog would bark at her she would just roll over and submit without so much as a growl in response. One day the Rottweiler from next door jumped the fence. My Dog starts yelping bloody murder.My Daughter calls me on the phone hysterically telling me the dog next door is killing Bella. I rush home from the store around the corner. When I get to the backyard my 9MM in hand to my surprise Bella was LITERALLY tearing the Rott a new Ahole. The point to my story was at some point Bella realized that she was ALLOWING that Rottweiler to kick Her ass without even trying to defend herself. Once she started defending herself she LEARNED she could kick ass and NEVER backed down again. Next time the Republican Rottweilers come around Obama SHOULD fight back instead of just rolling over. He will never know if he can win without trying.  Bella died 3 years ago from Caner, but she was one hell of a dog! 29 days agoflag  reply+1Saladin  Radical_Centrist:Can't say that I agree with your opinion on taxes. In my view, the government is both the guarantor of property (and, by extension, the economy and your money) and the basic protector of our social well-being.Taxes are rent for civilization. They paid for the education that allowed you to write that comment, the roads that allow you to get anywhere, a clean water system, etc. And in this respect, those things must be paid for. It doesn't make sense to take money away from the government when it's already operating on an enormous deficit. Unless we're deliberately engaging in stimulus spending, which we're not for the most part.But I definitely agree with your assessment of Obama. If Democrats grew a spine and became as spiteful and hard-fighting as Republicans are, they'd get a lot more out of things. Unfortunately, the party is littered with "blue dogs" or other center-right people who don't even really deserve to be in the party to begin with.Sorry to hear about your dog, but I'm glad you got to share your life with such a good friend. =) 29 days agoflag  reply-1JohnA  Saladin:If you want to pay higher taxes, pay.  Better yet, donate to charity, put your money where you think it will do the most good, I'm sure you can choose better than the government.  The deficit does need to be addressed, and right now.  But why do you have to take the few dollars I make working 60 hours a week away from me to solve it when government workers are making six figures for doing nothing?  Cut spending, shrink government, until you do that, raising taxes is just giving them more money to waste. 29 days agoflag  reply-2congoboy  Saladin:no, the republicans will do what most of the country elected them to power want them to do. lower taxes for all, reign in drunkin sailor type spending and get obama's agenda's under control. it is the dems that are whining not the gop. winners dont whine, we solve problems set forth by the current administration. the answer isnt more taxation but less spending. if you like high taxes move to washington oregon or california. all three in serious trouble. why? cause of too much leftylib spending. 29 days agoflag  reply-2congoboy  Saladin:the government has no concept of how to make money, just how to spend it. 29 days agoflag  reply-2congoboy  JohnA:agreed, well said john 29 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  Saladin:And just who are you to determine who deserves to be in the party.  Without those blue dogs, the Democrats would have never had a House majority to lose. 29 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  congoboy:Then please explain why the economy has systematically tanked under Republican rule, and systematically healed and improved under Democrat rule. 28 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  JohnA:What charities upkeep or builds roads, maintain schools, pay teachers, provide free education for all, build and furnish free libraries, maintain infrastructures, build and repair bridges, etc.? 28 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Vierotchka:hmmm, you really should get stateside more often 28 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  Vierotchka:I couldn't name off the top of my head.  Lots provide education, I'm sure of that, absolutely sure, I went to Univerisity on Scholarship.  And doesn't Jimmy Carter build houses?  There are thousands of private libraries.  People will do worthwhile things, they do not need the government to do them for them.  You give the human race too little credit. 28 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  JohnA:Sure, but these charities only provide a tiny fraction of what is needed. Of course people will do worthwhile things, many do, but that's just a drop in the ocean. What about the building and maintenance of vital infrastructures? No charity is involved in that, and if you really believe that were taxes abolished, everybody would give to charities, you are mightily naive. I give the human race all the credit it deserves, but I am not blind to all its destructive flaws either. A cursory glance at the daily global news reveals the latter in all its tragic and awful reality. 28 days agoflag  reply0GLOBALPOLITICALBILL CLINTON IS JUST ANOTHER PUPPET FOR THE INTERNATIONAL BANKING ELITES WHO SEEK TO DESTROY AMERICA!http://globalpoliticalawakening.blogspot.com/2010/12/5-signs-end-is-near-for-cri... 29 days agoflag  reply0JohnAIf Bill says it's a good deal, you can bank on it.  Who knows more about promoting a good economy that Bill Clinton.  Best damn President of our lifetimes.  I'm still pissed at you people for nominating Obama over Hillary.  Damn, we could have had Bill back, what were you thinking?  Dumbass! 29 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  JohnA:Yep! Bubba Bill is the man that has the plan to save our ass once again. To bad He can't be in office again 29 days agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductionsAnd now a personal observation that has nothing to do with politics.  What was up with Obama emphasizing that he had to get his ass to the first lady pronto?  Was he out partying with Bill the night before?  Inquiring minds want to know.  :D 29 days agoflag  reply-3congoboyso whats in it for him? although i like the republican measure, bill clinton does nothing unless he benefits in some way. take hiring monica for instance. 30 days agoflag  reply-1JohnA  congoboy:Lay off Bubba, congo.  Don't tell you'd rather have Obama than him back. 29 days agoflag  reply-2Radical_Centrist  congoboy:I like Bill Clinton and I can not figure out why. I mean I disagreed with 85% of his policies and 95% of his moral missteps, yet I find him to be an OK guy. Obama on the other hand I would not waste time to urinate on him if he were on fire. 29 days agoflag  reply-1congoboy  Radical_Centrist:clinton does seem to have that certain savoir-faire and to be honest we can give him credit for becoming a bit more moderate during his second term. something obama better learn fast if he wants a go at 8 years. but youre right it would be a waste of good piss 29 days agoflag  reply0coxian_armadaFinally the Republican's Democratic darling speaks...... 30 days agoflag  reply-3JohnA  coxian_armada:When did he become the Republican's darling?  When the Democrats swung so far left that even Obama is not liberal enough for them? 29 days agoflag  reply0coxian_armada  JohnA:No,at one point the Republicans hated Obama so much that they reportedly "missed" Bill Clinton a lot......that is what I meant 29 days agoflag  reply-1congoboy  coxian_armada:i even miss chelsea 29 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  coxian_armada:It's not just Republicans. 29 days agoflag  reply-1rodstradamushttp://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2010/12/10/obama_ditches_tax_cut_presser_...When you watch the video, Obama looks like such a chump.  And Clinton grips that podium real tight.  Just goes to show the utter disgrace, despair and disintegration of this administration.  You giggle and snicker when confronted with the New World Order or 9/11 Truth, when you are are the joke. 30 days agoflag  reply-2JohnA  rodstradamus:Anybody know where you can see the whole thing?  I want to hear everything Bill had to say. 29 days agoflag  reply0H3ADLINEI guess the most charitable explanation of his actions is that caving in to the Republicans is part of some plan to make them fall on their own sword. They prove themselves hypocrites on the deficit and make their subsequent attempts at cutting our social safety net because of the debt acquired for the rich (and everything else that doesn't help the rich) look so galling that the American people will not go along with their austerity plan (also known as "stealing from the poor to give to the rich"). Then when the tax cuts come up for an extension, the American public would almost riot if they tried to push for it, now knowing what their real motives are, and not feeling the need to protect the rich from reasonable taxes because the economy would have recovered faster than it otherwise would because of the small stimulative tax measures Obama got in. If this administration hadn't been so surrender crazy early on, I wouldn't doubt this was actually some brilliant strategy going on. Maybe it will work, maybe not, maybe it's real, and maybe not, but I'm not feeling very optimistic after some of this administration's political stupidity. Let's hope I'm wrong.If I am, then these guys are playing 3D chess that's fooled everyone into believing that Obama is actually being beaten or duped, when he's actually leading them into a trap because of the narrative he set them up to believe. See, being nice to them was just a way to get them to underestimate him, and he would get them to overreach because of it and get caught. At least, that's a theory about this administration I can only believe when high. 30 days agoflag  reply-1GLOBALPOLITICAL  H3ADLINE:The point is that Bill Clinton, like Obama, is just another puppet of the international banking elites!  Until, people quit debating the efficacy of the policies of the false/left paradigm and begin to accept the fact that they have sold their souls to the devil (international banking elites), nothing will change.We will wake up homeless on the continent our forefathers conquered! 29 days agoflag  reply-5tverdellObama screwed the pooch and consequences will never be the same. 30 days agoflag  reply-3hammywillEnd the Fillibuster procedure, and pass the Bill that the majority of the American people support. Then reinstate the Fillibuster into the procedural rules. Problem solved. 30 days agoflag  reply0ThatCrazyLibertarianI can't wait to see Alex Jones rant about this. 1 month agoflag  reply0unimatrix0  ThatCrazyLibertarian:Alex Jones is bad for one's intellectual health - the dude is toxic. 1 month agoflag  reply0hammywill  unimatrix0:ABSOLUTELY! 30 days agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  unimatrix0:Couldn't have said it better. ^+1 30 days agoflag  reply-1ibrake4rappers13  ThatCrazyLibertarian:I like Alex jones. Wikileaks has even confirmed some of his claims. Now I dont believe everything he says but I keep my mind open to the possibilty 30 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  ibrake4rappers13:Alex Jones is a Provacateur. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-PzvWJE_sE 30 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  hammywill:I often get the impression that he's a shill paid to give the truth a bad name by exaggerating, dramatizing, sensationalizing, "hystericalizing" facts while throwing a large bunch of lies and insane theories into the mix. 30 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  Vierotchka:Exactly my impression of the man. 30 days agoflag  reply-4congoboy  Vierotchka:so whats in it for him? although i like the republican measure, bill clinton does nothing unless he benefits in some way. take hiring monica for instance. 30 days agoflag  reply-2freecrack  ThatCrazyLibertarian:you can just check out the original version instead of waiting for his revamping of it.its called rush limbaugh 29 days agoflag  reply-2JohnA  ThatCrazyLibertarian:Who is Alex Jones? 29 days agoflag  reply-2GLOBALPOLITICAL  ThatCrazyLibertarian:http://globalpoliticalawakening.blogspot.com/2010/12/5-signs-end-is-near-for-cri...You don't have to wait any longer. 29 days agoflag  reply-3GLOBALPOLITICAL  ibrake4rappers13:Alex Jones may be too extreme about some things, but he has done more to expose the corruption in our government than anyone else! 29 days agoflag  reply+2hammywill  JohnA:This is his website. and he is a nut job. http://www.infowars.com/ 29 days agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  hammywill:LOL, but he is amusing.  He is also not always wrong, but when he does fly off into fantasy land it is very entertaining. 29 days agoflag  reply+3Radical_CentristObama has to be desperate to Call President Clinton to pull his fat out of the fire. It is very obvious that Clinton can not stand Obama. I think he just tolerates him for his Wife and the Democratic Party. I am sure he has LOTS of fun telling people I TOLD YOU SO about his comment's during the campaign about Obama not having the necessary experience to be President. 1 month agoflag  reply-3JohnA  Radical_Centrist:Yeah, I don't know about Bill, but I know I do enjoy telling people that.  Guilty pleasure I suppose. 29 days agoflag  reply+6Ricky84Looks like The President is resorting to the same tactics used by manufactures. When you have a shitty product all you have to do is attach a celebrities name to it, add a little glitter and wham you got a big ticket item. 1 month agoflag  reply-5unimatrix0Obama was smart to bring in Clinton, and smart to make the tax package compromise with the Rethuglicans.While Obama's strategy is not playing well with the far left, it is playing well with independents, and main stream Americans.  Many Americans are simply glad that something got done.The fact is Obama got a good deal. Although I know many on the far left will not let go of their immature need to fight an unwinnable fight, even if it is ultimately self-destructive and counter-productive.As the story evolves, it will become apparent that many on the GOP are unhappy with the package as well, because of the concessions Obama managed to win.Perhaps most important, economists are revising their forecasts for the next two years, in the belief that the package will improve the economy. 1 month agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  unimatrix0:Do you think the independents, and main stream Americans are going to go door knocking  and fund raising for Obama in 2012? ONLY a fool bites the hand that feeds him! 1 month agoflag  reply-3unimatrix0  Radical_Centrist:Don't kid yourself, Obama will have no problem raising plenty of money for reelection. 1 month agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  unimatrix0:Takes more than just $$$ to get elected/reelected ask Meg Whitman. Like I said ONLY a fool bites the hand that feeds him. Obama seems to ATTACK his base every chance he gets. Those ndependents, and main stream Americans you speak of will be nowhere to be found come 2012. 1 month agoflag  reply0hammywill  unimatrix0:I am an "independent" and your statement assumes I am stupid. I do not support tax cuts for the rich, and the notion that there was nothing else that could be done is a lie, or a misunderstanding of Congressional procedure. 30 days agoflag  reply+2hammywill  unimatrix0:I am sure Goldman Sachs will give him at LEAST as much money as they did in the last election. After all, they were his second largest contributor. Maybe they will go for number one next time. 30 days agoflag  reply-1coolplanet  unimatrix0:RIGHT ON!or left on?+Love your coinage of "Rethuglicans." 30 days agoflag  reply0JanforGore  unimatrix0:Oh, so you are Ok with spending billions on elections that could go to feeding the hungry and giving people jobs. It's OK if corrupt corporations can now run them as long as they give to your man? Because with the recent USSC decision that is what we have. You think the rich who got the tax breaks will simply hand them to his reelection campaign as payback? Is that what this is all about? 30 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  JanforGore:I think you hit the nail on the head! I guess the Change Obama was talking about was the jingly stuff in our pockets. 30 days agoflag  reply-2JohnA  Radical_Centrist:You just now figuring that out? 29 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  JohnA:I KNEW it from the get-go, but I decided I would give him the benefit of the doubt. 29 days agoflag  reply-1congoboy  unimatrix0:with obama backing backing the george soro's agenda it should be no problem. but will it be enough to get him elected or just another waste of millions of dollars better spent on charity 29 days agoflag  reply-1congoboy  hammywill:so much whining so little time 29 days agoflag  reply-1congoboy  JanforGore:right on jan 29 days agoflag  reply-1congoboy  Radical_Centrist:with that kind of change, my pockets are empty 29 days agoflag  replybgfnfgdb [removed]This comment has been hidden for review.0Eddie_MillerHey Bill, I got this buddy who is willing to give you a huge monetary gift if you do me a favor 1 month agoflag  reply+2CitizenHillIt is now every so clear who it is that is in charge, quite obviously it isn't Obama! 1 month agoflag  reply+5NickerBocker09I've officially lost hope in Obama. This isnt bipartisanship this is letting yourself be held hostage like you have done for the past 2 years. The Republicans use their tiny minority to block all legislation. Im sick and tired of the filibuster, get rid of it. Its purpose is long lost because of the Republican party. I salute the house democrats for defying Obama. He isnt the man we elected. 1 month agoflag  reply-1toastyguy11  NickerBocker09:their minority isn't tiny anymore, they control the house, all budgets have to originate there 1 month agoflag  reply+1Ihatethemall  NickerBocker09:Yes he is the man you elected. You were just blinded at the time with a catchy slogan. 1 month agoflag  reply-1hammywill  toastyguy11:There is no Republican Majority until January 2. So there is actually only a small minority as the House sits currently. 30 days agoflag  reply+1coolplanet  hammywill:Aren't you forgetting the many conservative democrats who vote with republicans? 30 days agoflag  reply-3hammywill  coolplanet:There is enough of a majority to do away with the Filibuster and pass the Bill the American people want. 30 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  hammywill:The American People are pliable, If Obama had some balls and a brain he could present this to them in a way that would make them rip the Republicans throats out for wanting to extend the Tax Cuts for BILLIONAIRES while they are loosing their homes and going on welfare in record numbers. Instead he would rather roll over and spread um. I detest the man, so I am happy to watch him SELF destruct. 30 days agoflag  reply-1JohnA  NickerBocker09:Of course, who really gives a fuck what the House Democrats think.  In a month they will be at home watching Oprah.  We voted them out.  They are irrelevant to the conversation.  If they don't want to do it, we do it when the Republican majority takes the House in January, only without all the concessions Obama got in this deal. 29 days agoflag  reply-1JohnA  Radical_Centrist:Like the way he presented Obamacare?  Oh yeah, he just didn't explain it well enough, that's why the Republicans took over the House in a wave last month.  You give him way too much credit for being able to do anything.  If he could present it, why is he calling on Slick Willie to do it for him? 29 days agoflag  reply+2Radical_Centrist  JohnA:I do NOT overestimate Obama's ability to do anything. Obama is an Ivy League Educated person who lacks common sense. That being said the "average" voter is so gullible that you could sprinkle powdered sugar on a lump of crap and hire a CELEBRITY to hawk it, and it would sell like Hotcakes! 29 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  Radical_Centrist:George Bush was an Ivy League educated person, too.  So much for the value of an Ivy League education.  I'll stick with my degree from Ole Miss. 29 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Radical_Centrist:yum yum 29 days agoflag  reply+1CarlosBobthe3rdAnd they will listen 1 month agoflag  reply0H3ADLINEYes, the same guy who fought to deregulate the banks, dismantle care for the poor, and ship millions of jobs overseas and increase illegal immigration with NAFTA wants you to support this deal. Forgive me if I don't trust his wisdom about what helps the country. His legacy is one of blind corporatism that Bush only carried to its logical conclusion. These clowns all serve the same master. Oh, and it's not you. 1 month agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  H3ADLINE:AMEN! say it again! :-) 30 days agoflag  reply-1JohnA  H3ADLINE:How quickly they forget.  We had it going on when Bill was in office.  I'm guessing you're to young to remember. 29 days agoflag  reply+3tverdellThis vid says it all.http://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2010/12/10/obama_ditches_tax_cut_presser_... 1 month agoflag  reply+3Stever_B  tverdell:I'm glad there's a video because that was almost unbelievable. Wow. 1 month agoflag  reply+3EdJoyProductions  Stever_B:I don't know why you were voted down.  Wow was actually the first thing that came to my mind as well. 30 days agoflag  reply-1JohnA  tverdell:HA HA!  Who's The Man!  Good Ole Cousin Bubba!  Yeah, Barack, you go do that, I can handle things from here. 29 days agoflag  reply+6JanforGoreNo surprise. The Corporatist DLC does actually still runs the Democratic party. 1 month agoflag  reply0tverdell  JanforGore:Obama is a limp **** judging by this vid. 1 month agoflag  reply+2Radical_Centrist  JanforGore:Newsflash: The CORPORATIST run both major political parties in America. I mean if you voted for Obama you got Goldman Sachs FLUNKY and if you voted for McCain you got Haliburtons FLUNKY. 30 days agoflag  reply-2JohnA  JanforGore:If the DLC ran the party, Hillary would be President, and I would still be a Democrat.  It's these Moveon, Daily Kos, types that got Obama nominated. 29 days agoflag  reply0galwaymanCrap! The rich pay no taxes as it is and it is about time they payed their fare share,and if those in office weren't bought and payed for by the elite they'd would see that! Any deal that includes tax breaks from the rich isn't good for our country! 1 month agoflag  reply0tverdellThis is an obvious act of desperation to bring out the big dog.It really show weakness too. He can't stand on his own two feet anymore.Obviously, Obama feels like he needs to get someone else who has credibility to sell this deal to those who are against it.And according to the whitehouse, this is only the santimonious purist left-wing progressives.It's obvious Obama screwed the pooch big time. It's also apparent that he knows it too. 1 month agoflag  reply0juicie  tverdell:If Clinton had credibility, he just lost it 1 month agoflag  reply+2Stever_B  juicie:Clinton is made of Teflon -- this won't touch him. Obama on the other hand may as well not even waste the money trying to get re-elected. 1 month agoflag  reply+1coolplanet  tverdell:Obama has been following Bill's play book all along.Lest we forget that Clinton was left a similar mess to clean from 12 years of Reagan/Bush.Sometimes I think that liberals are as stupid as conservatives. 30 days agoflag  reply+2tverdell  coolplanet:Obama is in over his head and it's making people nervous. Even people without a dog in this hunt are nervous. If I'm an independent voter and I don't even vote at all, I would be concerned about my President's behavior. He can't rally his base, he cant get his Congress to support him, the party head has busted his balls and he has someone else to come in and do his press conference.That is not leadership. Obama appears as a weakling getting Clinton to answer the hard questions for him.Oh I forgot, he had a holiday party to attend.How weird for a sitting president to get some other guy, who is not even in your cabinet, to address the media on a major topic?This is all over the Internet and liberal and conservative bloggers alike agree in regards as to how bad this appears.Stick a fork in him. He really, really believes that tax cuts for the rich which have been in place for 9 years will all of a sudden stimulate the economy. Nobody is buying ithttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/12/10/obama-clinton-briefing-tax-cut-plan_n_7... 30 days agoflag  reply+1coolplanet  tverdell:Geez Obama has been President for less than two years!Americans have SUCH short attention spans.He doesn't make me nervous at all. In fact i think he's accomplished quite a lot considering the massive mess he's faced with -- like staving off a major depression caused once again by republicans.Is reducing the deficit really more imporant than preventing another two million Americans from becoming homeless?Bill Clinton is the best guy to bring out to bitch-slap self-absorbed liberals. This is the man who brought us the longest economic growth in U.S. history.Obama would be stupid if he hadn't turned the press conference over to Clinton. 30 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  coolplanet:Bill Clinton had nothing to do with that economic growth. It was a Tech BUBBLE which collapsed. By the time he left office the economy was contracting. So much for that myth. Talk about a short attention span. 30 days agoflag  reply0coolplanet  hammywill:Economic bubbles do not last for 8 years.I remember back in 1993 that not one republican voted for Clinton's economic stimulus bill, all predicting it would result in a major recession or depression.As Jesus said, "A tree is known by its fruit." 30 days agoflag  reply+4Radical_Centrist  coolplanet:I do not remember Clinton DEMONIZING his base every chance he got and giving the Republicans EVERYTHING they wanted while getting a few crumbs for himself. I think Obama is reading from Jimmy Carters play book. I think the section is called "getting screwed and calling it compromise." 30 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  juicie:Bullshit, If Bubba says it's a good deal, it's a good deal.  Bank it. 29 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  hammywill:You sound like a neocon there Hammy. 29 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  JohnA:How so? 29 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  hammywill:Same thing the neocons used to say about Bill, oh it was just a bubble, blowing off Bill's great economy like he had nothing to do with it.  I thought you were Dick Cheney there for a minute. 29 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  JohnA:Explain to me how he had something to do with it. 29 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowThe Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentssouthrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  24 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  26 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  42 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog