'Israeli war crimes-Your tax dollars at work' signs being displayed on Seattle buses // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 220Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 22, 2010| 163 comments'Israeli war crimes-Your tax dollars at work' signs being displayed on Seattle busessource: http://www.king5.com/news/local/Israeli-War-Crimes-signs-to-go-on-Metro-buses-112108154.htmlAn error occurred while setting up video display.maasanova added thisGood job to this activist group! And as usual, Israel's loudest American mouthpiece, the Jewish run-Anti-Defamation League (ADL) is upset at Americans exercising their right to free speech.***A group calling itself the Seattle Mideast Awareness Campaign has paid King County $1,794 so that 12 buses will carry that message around town, starting two days after Christmas. That's December 27: the two-year anniversary of Israeli attacks on Gaza.Ed Mast, a Seattle man who is a spokesperson for the group, says its not meant to be an anti-Israel message, but a message designed to generate discussion and awareness.At the Pacific Northwest office of the Anti-Defamation League, the ad campaign is seen quite a bit differently."We're dismayed," says Community Director Hilary Bernstein, who calls the bus-born advertisement grotesquely one-sided. "Citizens young and old will be seeing this sort of propaganda, this very one-sided distortion. It's unfortunate."groups:News, News and Politics, Politics tags:News,Politics,Israel,Activism,Middle East,Free Speech,Jews,Zionism,Bus,Anti-Semitism,1st Amendment,Metro,ADL 9 more|163 comments// 'Israeli war crimes-Your tax dollars at work' signs being displayed on Seattle buseshide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0ayipishttp://latimesblogs.latimes.com/lanow/2010/12/hate-crimes-in-la-county-down-over...Hate crimes in L.A. County down overall, but anti-Jewish vandalism risesDecember 21, 2010 |  3:36 pmHate crimes were down in Los Angeles County in 2009 compared with the year before, but such crimes against Jews spiked almost 50%, according to a report released Tuesday. 17 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  ayipis:Do you have some evidence that Helen Thomas is in LA County attacking Jewish People with her Cane? 17 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  Radical_Centrist:http://www.archive.org/details/ScottSpearsWmrn-am-InterviewsHelenThomas&reCache=1If you have not heard this, listen to a real American hero, Helen Thomas ask the question "who are these people" referring to the Zionist Thought Police the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith.She tells them to back the fuck up and stop intimidating her or she will report them to the authorities. http://www.archive.org/download/ScottSpearsWmrn-am-InterviewsHelenThomas/HelenTh... 16 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:she also said the israelis, not zionists, but all israelis should move back to europe, despite them not being from there.helen says a lot of shit, most of wich has no basis in reality.like the jewish adl that is supposedly this zionist wing enforcing its agenda on all of us.the same adl who is presently representing a muslim woman who was forced to remove her face covering in a courthouse.that same supposed zionist regime, who are fighting against all defemation, not just jewish. 16 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Radical_Centrist:its with her pocket book that has a brick in it lol 16 days agoflag  reply+3rodstradamusUnfortunately, none of the Israeli war crimes were Wikileaked b/c our hero Julian Assange met with Mossad and Israeli officials, prior to the leaking and casually censored any negative cables exposing their war crimes.  Not really his fault, b/c he'd have a bullet in his head if he did. 17 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  rodstradamus:No war crimes were leaked. 17 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  rodstradamus:If Mossad says jump, you say how high. Dangerous folk they are. 17 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  rodstradamus:theory, fact, whats the difference right? 16 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  littlwarrior:i agree, but in all fairness mosaad doesnt exactly talk to people.they are one step away from being a shadow organization, not really offering public faces like the cia does.if memory serves, it wasnt too long ago that some were even claiming mosaad doesnt even exist anymore. 16 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  freecrack:this is true, but if mossad choose to have a chat with me I would walk away glad to walk away and sure that I will do just what they told me to. 16 days agoflag  reply0littlwarriorOh somebody is pissed right now, and its Seattle make them take it down and there would be a riot. Hah I love it. 17 days agoflag  reply0artemis6  littlwarrior:The do in fact have opposing signs - i just saw a sigh about Palestinian war crimes ( your tax dollars at work ) ! Sign , signs everywhere a sign ..... 17 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  artemis6:everyone wants to say something the only problem is that many people say many things not all of them being true. Just look at fox lie central there. 17 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  littlwarrior:that is the problem with this issue.it has been dominated by propaganda, and all of us only have that to go on. 16 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  freecrack:everything is dominated by propaganda, it is up to us to sift. 16 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  littlwarrior:subject to propaganda, but not dominated.you can watch c-span (god help you) and get the reality outside of the left/right echochamber, but this issue (israel/palestine) is all propaganda.sifting is required, but education isnt mandated.not that it should be, but im just saying.so people run off the rails based on propaganda, substituting it for fact thus clouding the issue to a degree that is impossible to reasonably negotiate.the bleeding hearts react to dead baby stuff before thinking "why".and zionists react to israel being attacked as a personal affront without asking "why".both end up talking out of thier ass's to no positive end.speaking before thinking.reacting on the emotions that the propaganda is designed to illicet instead of sifting for truth. 16 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  freecrack:ooo I love c-span, my friend dvr's every hour of c-span for me then I watch on fast forward with the subtitles on. I love it, but im a freak like that. I totally agree though people react before they take a moment to check the facts. When you look at the facts you find out that neither side is right, both are wrong and the whole thing is a giant mess. But neither will admit they are in the wrong on anything so there is an eternal tug of war. 16 days agoflag  reply+1maasanova  freecrack:The problem with propaganda freecrack, as you know, is that it is accepted and even encouraged for the media to portray all Arabs as evil non-humans who want to kill Americans and Jews, however, you get the Anti-Defamation League and other Jewish thought police after you and your job if you dare to point out the obvious about Israeli war crimes, 30 billion in free money and weapons and AIPAC dictating foreign policy to the US Congress. 16 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  maasanova:The problem with propaganda freecrack, as you know, is that it is accepted and even encouraged for the media to portray all Arabs as evil non-humans who want to kill Americans and Jews,um not exactly.it depends on the propaganda you are getting.if you watch leftist media, arabs are portrayed as the poor disenfranchised third world peoples the industrial revolution left behind, and are subsiquently abused by super powers.if yu watch right wing propaganda all arab muslims are jihadists waiting for christian america to let thier guard down so they can institute sharia law.no singular propaganda exists, for anyone, no less arabs.similarly the same right wing propaganda that poses islam as all destructive, plays israel as the heros against them, while left media plays israel as the third riech.and this is the propaganda of the day.it wasnt too long ago that it was all russia all the time.ever rle that arab muslims are playing since 9-11, eastern europeans were victims of previously.same format, just substitute who we are demonizing.once again you are trying to create realities, whilst taking huge theoretical leaps.the adl is the anti-defemation league.not the jadl, but the adl.they arent a jewish voice, that is your element thrown into the mix that makes for propaganda.does it interest you at all that right now the adl's biggest case is in defending a muslim woman who was made to remove her hijab in a courthouse?doesnt this run counter to ever notion you pose?you live in a fantasy world where the adl have any power what so ever, aside from taking cases that influence what issues define us as a cuture.they dont make anyone lose thier jobs.mel gibson talks the most offensive smack ever, and he is still making flicks, within that jewish run media ya love to mention.no job loss there huh? helen thomas lost her job cuz i was her boss's call, no one elses.anyone can mention what ever they like about how much money israel gets, or what ill's they see from the israelis.from representative baird adressing our government to this end, to the huffington post regularly talking about israeli funding.please join the rest of us in the real world, that doesnt substitute information gaps with emotional theoreticals. 16 days agoflag  reply+1wally60http://money.ari think we should stop giving them money.are we trying to buy our way to heaven.where does all the pity come from for the jews.hitler killed them and very few tried to fight back.if you want to go to heaven be in isreal when the nuks go off and you can ride up with the rest of them.that crap over there has gone on long enough let them kill each other off we are not going to stop it.jews and muslems and christians have been killing each other for ever peoplejust dont get it religion is a plague among humans. 18 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  wally60:it has nothing to do with pity, and anyone who is selling that to you is attempting to delegitimze israels existance.we support israel, cuz if she falls the new fronline of the east vs west culture war will be at our front door.not to mention israeli tech is the global leading standard, especially in regards to security, wich we have a keen focus on no? 16 days agoflag  reply0artemis6Seattle likely has opposing signs too . It's Seattle . They got everything , almost . 18 days agoflag  reply+2coolplanetPlease get over yourselves Semites and non-semites alike!How many more thousands of years does our earth have to suffer for the sins of Abraham's children???Jewish, Christian, Muslim.I am SO sick of your endless wars over who has the bigger god/dick/weapon.You are the entire reason our planet is facing this fifth great extinction!You think you are somehow above nature.That nature is somehow imperfect and requires conquering.Wake up and smell the stars 18 days agoflag  reply+2Nephwrack  coolplanet:exactly. 18 days agoflag  reply+2navider  coolplanet:Very well said! 18 days agoflag  reply0uShineIn response to these ads the David Horowitz freedom center and another group called stop islamization of America will be running ads entitled "palestinian war crimes your tax dollars at work." source: http://seattletimes.nwsource.com/html/localnews/2013734036_busads22m.html. I hope both ads run because it will stimulate discussion of a subject that the U.S. is closely tied to militarily and economically, but is often willfully ignored since it ties into both politics and religion. 18 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  uShine:propaganda met with propaganda.no substative debate can take place when the information is geared towards bias rather than truth. 16 days agoflag  reply+1poppytearsClearly the controversial signs on the busses are a very thought provoking theme... What a great way to get people's minds spinning! 18 days agoflag  reply-9ayipisso who wants to kill jews???skin heads, nazis, hamas..hezbollah pretty much every terrorist organization AND THE LIBERALS..(and if you are one of those liberals dont you fucking hate it when idiots like these people associate themselves as liberals..LOL)http://undhimmi.com/2010/11/19/jihad-jenny-uk-politician-in-yet-another-anti-sem... 18 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  ayipis:u do know at least half the jews in america are liberal right? 16 days agoflag  reply-8ayipisbtw make sure you guys identifiy yourselves properly...or else people might think this is nothing more than just another skin head fan club 18 days agoflag  reply0Nephwrack  ayipis:nice pic, finally something we agree on! 18 days agoflag  reply0Nephwrack  ayipis:hey! where have i seen that symbol in the tattoo before...oh yeah! Xasthurnortt! 18 days agoflag  reply+5poppytears@ayipis..Yes we all know the best defense is a good OFFENCE.And yes the palestinians really ARE poor. Thats part of the problem. Israel is richer, and has far more sophisticated firepower 18 days agoflag  reply-6ayipis  poppytears:problem..Hamas had been stealing from them..and not really providing..ever noticed that little factoid??? 18 days agoflag  reply-6ayipis  poppytears:kinda remind of bullshit called "disappropriated" response..so to make it fair you want to arm the palestinians?? the same pawns that were brainswashed by other muslim leaders to blow themselves up to kill civilians??? 18 days agoflag  reply-5ayipis  poppytears:http://www.seattlepi.com/national/399214_mideast07.htmlU.N. halts Gaza aid, accuses Hamas of theftMinister calls it misunderstandingBy JOSEF FEDERMANTHE ASSOCIATED PRESSJERUSALEM -- The U.N. agency for Palestinian refugees suspended aid to the Gaza Strip on Friday, accusing the territory's Hamas rulers of stealing a delivery of humanitarian supplies for the second time this week.The announcement by the U.N. Relief and Works Agency deepened tensions between the international body that assists the majority of Gaza's 1.4 million people and the Islamic group that controls the coastal strip. 18 days agoflag  reply0Nephwrack  ayipis:no, it's called disproportionate. 18 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  poppytears:food for thought (love the avatar by the way,perfect)israel is richer.so is saudi arabia,and turkey,and jordan,and egypt.but when arafat died (former palestinian leader) his wife was left with literaly a billion dollars cash.does israels success really have anything to do with the palestinians misery, or is it the wealth amassed by the plo that cause thier suffering? 16 days agoflag  reply-6ayipishttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Qt9Ts-tREA&feature=relatedlisten to this video..and you tell me..are you listening to a nazi or to a anti-semite terrorist loving liberal???its a rhetoric question..ONE AND THE SAME 18 days agoflag  reply-5ayipis  ayipis:its so similar that it gives me an eerie feeling that these idiots are falling for the same fucking propaganda casted by the Fuhrer LOLand they are supposed to be so smart they have perfect grammar and spelling but shit for brains when it comes to COMPREHENSION.. 18 days agoflag  reply+2trut  ayipis:you are listening to a jewish nazi 18 days agoflag  reply+1dustinfineout  ayipis:This is all you need:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin's_lawPoint set and match. 18 days agoflag  reply+2dustinfineout  ayipis:lmfao at you calling ANYONE out on comprehension. My pet rock has degrees on you. 18 days agoflag  reply+1maasanova  ayipis:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tjw8U0AcH4QI love when people dust off Hitler and try and work him in to the argument.An Israeli woman Keren Levy was a big fan of Adolph Hitler.During Operation Cast Lead, she  watched from a hillside as innocent civilians were bombed and told reporters that the IDF should take them all out; wipe them off the map, as it were. She even claimed "I'm a little bit fascist."Now who were the Nazis again? 18 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  maasanova:niether as it is a disgrace to call anyone such a thing.but if you had to chose between the palestinians and israelis, as to wich people in general were more nazi-esk, the palestinians would win that honor.from the propaganda that exists in lue of free speech, and the basis in national policy that palestinian success must come at the hands of anothers destruction, it mirrors nazism pretty closely.only thing missing really is the apperatus by wich to achieve this goal.israel on the other hand has the ability to create such an apperatus, yet doesnt.israel can wipe every palestinian of the face of the earth, and despite being prompted repeatedly for over half a century have yet to do so.israel has free speech.so much so that you get to use haaretz (israeli publication) to find anti-israel commentary.not very nazi like is it?israel is split on the palestinian issue, and are getting more and more liberal and less zionist as every generation comes, compared to the steady propagandizing of the gazans that the jews must be killed. 16 days agoflag  reply-6ayipishttp://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11402101is it me or does this "Homosexual Murdering" Anti-Semite sound like one your garden variety liberal..911 was an inside job..evil jews..evil americans,,LOL 18 days agoflag  reply+5ozoneocean  ayipis:WTF has this got to do with this story? You're saying you're like Armadinejad? Yeah, I suppose you are.You're just as full of idiotic rhetoric. 18 days agoflag  reply-5ayipis  ozoneocean:what story?? i thought it was a ANTI-SEMITE propaganda bullshit.. LOLI am sure you have a comprehension problem..YOU CAN SPELL WELL but your an idiot when it comes to comprehension.. 18 days agoflag  reply+5Andrew_Douglas  ayipis:and you're an idiot when it comes to everything else, so...go crawl back under the bridge, troll. 18 days agoflag  reply+1dustinfineout  ayipis:*you're 18 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  ozoneocean:and im the one shooting myself in the foot.lol 16 days agoflag  reply-4ayipiswhat you guys are seeing from Israel is a defensive reaction against a bunch of Muslims who are bent in pushing the jews to the red sea...the Palestinians are being used by these assholes as pawns..AND OF COURSE that is too small of an issue to discuss..if you guys really want to help these "poor innocent palestinians"..get rid of the HAMAS 18 days agoflag  reply+3ozoneocean  ayipis:I wish they'd push YOU into the Red Sea. The Israelis would probably help. 18 days agoflag  reply-3ayipis  ozoneocean:LOL...of course..another catchy retort..cant get one pass you..would you smile and like me better if i join in your seig heil chants instead?? 18 days agoflag  reply+3Nephwrack  ayipis:i don't think you get it. none of us want the israelis dead. we just think they should stop committing war crimes. but then that's the standard pro-fascist line isnt it? if you're not with us you're against us? right? how's that job at the truck stop? i'll bet you've got lotsa clients this time of year. 18 days agoflag  reply+1ozoneoceanIt really helps to get both sides of that story out. For too long we hear only about what horrible Palestinian terrorists do (all true BTW), and not about what the other side do. There are no good guys here, just an unjust situation. 18 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  ozoneocean:in all seriousness, are thier good guys in afghanastan and iraq? 16 days agoflag  reply-7ayipisyou guys think that your rantings are new????????????????shit you guys got beat...guess by who..http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xh95Ijf5BjI 18 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  ayipis:What you are ATTEMPTING to do is one of the oldest tricks in the Zionist book! 17 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Radical_Centrist:dont mix your politics with your religion 16 days agoflag  reply-4RMattnerToursWe really do not need this type of incitement. 18 days agoflag  reply+7jubal"We're dismayed," says Community Director Hilary Bernstein, who calls the bus-born advertisement grotesquely one-sided. "Citizens young and old will be seeing this sort of propaganda, this very one-sided distortion. It's unfortunate." As opposed to the one sided propaganda the main stream media hand feeds the sheep and puppets in the US?People need to hear the other side....the side that is going to be advertised on the bus. 18 days agoflag  reply-6ayipis  jubal:well let one famous man WHO SHARE THE SAME PASSION AS YOU..tells us about YOUR SIDE OF THE STORY..http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2p7H8wBybPE&feature=related 18 days agoflag  reply+1ozoneocean  ayipis:Propaganda is propaganda. Let's have less of state controlled information shall we? ;) 18 days agoflag  reply+3vicgalthe younger generation will have to assimilate massive amounts of information yet still needs to know how to differentiate the BS from reality so that they can make sound decisions for the future. 18 days agoflag  reply+10poppytearsI think it's fine to make people think. Young people are subjected constantly to destructive propaganda (Glenn Beck). It's up to the individual to make the right decision of what is right or wrong. 18 days agoflag  reply-6ayipis  poppytears:some people get their thinking from a cartoon character from comedy central.. 18 days agoflag  reply-6ayipis  poppytears:destructive propaganda???anti-semites been doing it for eons...and I would not blame them for being sick and tired of anti-semite assholes like..hummmm *looks around the room*http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDVaJXmCIjk&feature=related 18 days agoflag  reply+2ozoneocean  ayipis:I've never seen a bigger antisemite than you. 18 days agoflag  reply-13ayipiswho spreads this propaganda?? LOLhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M529qurtDY0&feature=related 18 days agoflag  reply+5maasanova  ayipis:ADL approved! 18 days agoflag  reply+9poppytears  ayipis:Clearly, you do. 18 days agoflag  reply+2Radical_Centrist  ayipis:I have heard MANY Americans say FAR worse things about W. 18 days agoflag  reply-4ayipis  Radical_Centrist:and of course those "many" americans were stupid enough to vote a certain party to impeach "W"..but got shafted up the *** and yet they think they are smart. 18 days agoflag  reply+1dustinfineout  ayipis:Lmao those translations aren't even real. 18 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  maasanova:not antisemtism right? 16 days agoflag  reply-12ayipishow come we dont hear this from your regular liberal media?? because it would go against its anti-jew ideologyhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FT6iKFQDEP4 18 days agoflag  reply+1maasanova  ayipis:ADL approved! 18 days agoflag  reply+12poppytears  ayipis:Any educated observer of the world's current events knows that many Israeli citizens are brainwashed too... In fact I would consider that any country with hyper-nationalist citizens have been brainwashed.And let's not forget that Israeli young adults (from age 18) are *required* to join the military and stay there for at least 2 years...So... yeah. 18 days agoflag  reply+7maasanova  poppytears:That is the truth! It appears to be a very fragmented society as well with many different factions fighting amongst each other for a variety of reasons.There are many sane people in Israel who know their country is fucked! 18 days agoflag  reply+4poppytears  maasanova:Yep, you're right :) 18 days agoflag  reply+4PzLuvHappeniz  ayipis:Don't be an asshole ayipis, being against the israeli imperialism is far for from anti-semetic.  disapproving of the fighting, death, and lies of this whole conflict and the shadiness of the israeli government has nothing to do with disapproving of jewish people as a whole.  I hate the conflict and yet I love my jewish girlfriend.  So fuck off, go absorb more conservative propaganda for limbaugh, beck, or the orange douche boehnor, and stop trolling. 18 days agoflag  reply+6Radical_Centrist  ayipis:It is nice to know the Israeli children are taught to do nothing but LOVE. 18 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  maasanova:and SUPPLIED no doubt. 18 days agoflag  reply-3ayipis  poppytears:and i see you are brainwashed as well.. 18 days agoflag  reply-3ayipis  maasanova:seig heil LOL 18 days agoflag  replyayipis  PzLuvHappeniz:This comment was removed as a violation of community guidelines.+1ozoneocean  ayipis:Because people like you are fucking imbeciles. Israel is more left wing than the US largely and actually DOES look at itself critically to some extent, even WITH all the crazy rightwingers and mostly racist settlers. 18 days agoflag  reply+2PzLuvHappeniz  ayipis:did you even read my comment?First of all I was not talking about hamas, I was trying to get the point of across that to disapprove of what the israeli govt does is not anti-semitism.  i love jews, I have jewish blood, and still I disapprove of the the israeli govt.  Also hamas is the extreme consequence of the conflict that was started by the israelis.  I also disapprove of hamas they are equally as terrible.  You with your goddamn red herrings, its beginning to annoy me. 18 days agoflag  reply+3Nephwrack  ayipis:nazi. 18 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  poppytears:here is the subtle, yet important difference.the israeli brainwashing is the same brainwashing that the entire world is subject to, religion.hamas brain washing is cutural, not just religious.israelis who are brainwashed, have the freedom to rectify the damage thier families have done to them, as israel is a free secular society.just like how our amish can leave thier families and join the rest of us.hamas on the other hand controls the entire media of gaza, and free speech is not allowed.to disapprove of the states political position earns you death.israelis have a chance, just like all of us, to reject hate.hamas does not afford the palestinians this option. 16 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  Radical_Centrist:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wiBwQ9fihoit is amazing how you can dismiss some propaganda, and rely on another as legit.here we go with the back and forth propaganda.the very reason this issue never gets resolved.this is what you prefer? 16 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  Radical_Centrist:wanna check the age requirments for gun ownership in israel vs in gaza or the bank? 16 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  ozoneocean:i think racism isnt the right classification for the settlers.t is an insult to racists.they are just fucking straight crazy 16 days agoflag  reply-10ayipishttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyPF-XeBG4A&feature=relatedterrorist does thier work..anti-semites cover its up.. its a relationship 18 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  ayipis:ADL approved! 18 days agoflag  reply+4Radical_Centrist  ayipis:Can you tell me why it is when the Palestinians kill INNOCENT people it is called terrorism, but when IDF kills INNOCENT people it is called self defense? 18 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  Radical_Centrist:because in this conflict israel is in a defensive position, and the palestinians are in the aggressors position.the israelis use a a defensive military force, while the palestinians attack citizens.both end up murdering, but the nature of the killings differs.i shoot you in the head, its murder, but if you were killed bythe state it is justice.still killing, but recognizes the good vs bad element.im not advocating, just answering. 16 days agoflag  reply-10ayipisterrorist using the media HAHHAHAHAHAhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JY50cktUKbA&feature=related 18 days agoflag  reply+2maasanova  ayipis:ADL approved! 18 days agoflag  reply+5Radical_Centrist  ayipis:Terrorist INDEED USE the Media! 18 days agoflag  reply+3ozoneocean  ayipis:"terrorist using the media"Isn't that what you're doing here? 18 days agoflag  reply-9ayipiscoming from the horse's mouth...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0wJXf2nt4Y&feature=related 18 days agoflag  reply+3maasanova  ayipis:ADL approved! (MEMRI is Israeli-run media) 18 days agoflag  reply+4Radical_Centrist  ayipis:From the Horses Ass, I mean mouth indeed. 18 days agoflag  reply+2trut  Radical_Centrist:he was called "crystalboy" back then 18 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  trut:LOL 18 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  trut:i hate you, but that was funny 16 days agoflag  reply-10ayipiswhere is amnesty international??? LOL...maybe being used as human shieldsLOLhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWQQFJXMrg4&feature=related 18 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  ayipis:LOL...ADL approved! 18 days agoflag  reply-11ayipisterrorist using civilians as human shields ??? no way?? LOLhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OefgMtXOc1M 18 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  ayipis:ADL approved! 18 days agoflag  reply+6poppytears  ayipis:Wow! They must have been DESPERATE. 18 days agoflag  reply-3MrMxyzptlk  ayipis:No one in the Middle East are the good guys. 18 days agoflag  reply+5Radical_Centrist  ayipis:I cant believe ANYONE would use Children as Human Shields. 18 days agoflag  reply0dustinfineout  MrMxyzptlk:Not a racist comment. Only ignorantly ethnocentric xP 18 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  dustinfineout:More like a sad fact of life.  While there are certainly innocents in the middle of that mess there are no good guys in white hats that we should be riding to the rescue of. 18 days agoflag  reply-9ayipiswho else is at fault???http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hr1ZOeQVZEI&feature=related 18 days agoflag  reply+1maasanova  ayipis:ADL approved! 18 days agoflag  reply+2Radical_Centrist  ayipis:I think these wackjobs are partially to blame. 18 days agoflag  reply+2ozoneocean  ayipis:Who else? You.People like you who are one eyed supporters of a single side in a conflict you have nothing to do with. Go over there and die please. Everyone will thank you for the sacrifice. 18 days agoflag  reply-10ayipisthese are innocent people...??http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XELcNMhkKCo 18 days agoflag  reply+1maasanova  ayipis:ADL approved! 18 days agoflag  reply+3Radical_Centrist  ayipis:What type of People TEACH their children to hate their neighbors? 18 days agoflag  reply+3Radical_Centrist  ayipis:The first time I saw this video about a year ago I cried. These poor kids are being told how brave their Mother was for myrtering herself for them and the Palestinian people, but I am SURE all they realize at this age is that they no longer have a Mother. I think if you ever took the time to look at this with an OPEN mind from BOTH sides you would see that the Israelis are not always the innocent victims they make themselves out to be. 18 days agoflag  reply+12Nephwrackthere is no excuse for the Israeli government's action against civilians. 18 days agoflag  reply+6toastyguy11  Nephwrack:True.  There is also no excuse for the US' actions against civilians. 18 days agoflag  reply+5jubal  toastyguy11:Agreed to both comments. Neither Israel nor is puppet the USA have any moral ground to stand on. 18 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Nephwrack:no there is.its called kill or be killed.basic survival.ever heard of justafiable homocide? 16 days agoflag  reply+2MrMxyzptlkWell give it a week or so and the ADL along with AIPAC will manage to brand them as Neo-Nazis.  They will find some weird video footage of one of the board members doing a Mel Brooks style Hilter impression and do some editing magic to make it into a condemnation of the whole group.  And if that doesn't work they'll just blow up the office building. 18 days agoflag  reply+4Nephwrack  MrMxyzptlk:or maybe run it over with a bulldozer. 18 days agoflag  reply+3MrMxyzptlk  Nephwrack:True, that would be a method found in thier bag of tricks... 18 days agoflag  reply+1andreiiOy Vey! Haha how bold of them... 18 days agoflag  reply+5maasanovahttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-aRliNKEqsWho is this woman? 18 days agoflag  reply+5maasanova  maasanova:ADL rejected! 18 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  maasanova:They do not give best supporting ACTRESS Oscars for news interviews do they? 18 days agoflag  reply+1maasanova  Radical_Centrist:I don't think so. She should have at least won an Emmy, or something! 18 days agoflag  reply+10maasanovahttp://nogw.com/israeliatrocities.htmlWould Israel attack an unarmed group of civilians and risk international condemnation? Hell yes, they do it all the time. When you (mistakenly) think you're God's chosen people and you also have the media and the U.S. political system in your back pocket, you can kill a lot of non-Jews and get away with it. 18 days agoflag  reply+5toastyguy11  maasanova:I don't think they're killing anyone because they're not jewish, i think they're just greedy and land hungry 18 days agoflag  reply+9Charles_Sommers  maasanova:The only reason the Jews are known as God's chosen people is because they wrote the book that says they are.  I guess we shouldn't be surprised:-) 18 days agoflag  reply+5maasanova  toastyguy11:If Hamas happened to have been firing their munitions from within a Jewish populated subdivision, would the IDF roll in with tanks, white phosphorous, helicoptor fire, fighter jets and level the neighborhood?Nope I didn't think so. 18 days agoflag  reply0toastyguy11  maasanova:Yeah but that doesn't show that their motivation against palestinians is because they're not jewish, they just treat all palestinians like crap because some of them happen to be violent and they think of them all that way.  You can make your arguments without coming off as anti-semitic 18 days agoflag  reply+1maasanova  toastyguy11:So if you're saying that the Israelis allegedly think that all of the Palestinians are violent (racist generalization), and the Palestinians are (non-Jewish semites), wouldn't that mean that the Israelis (the IDF in particular), not me, are anti-semitic? LOL, just sayin you know... 18 days agoflag  reply0toastyguy11  maasanova:I'm just saying that sometimes that's how you come off 18 days agoflag  reply+3maasanova  toastyguy11:Well call me an antisemite if you want to make this about me, but at the at the end of the day, there won't be any ads on Seattle buses complaining about maasanova killing Palestinians, or Jews, or anyone else for that matter.Sorry not meaning to come off all ugly, but the truth is ugly and what has to be said has to be said. We Americans really don't have time to mince words about this god awful situation anymore I'm afraid. 18 days agoflag  reply+4jubal  Charles_Sommers:The bible is a nice story and many of the things Jesus are quoted as saying are useful, but the book as a whole is a fantasy. 18 days agoflag  reply+2jubal  toastyguy11:So your saying that no body in the either the Israeli Army or High Command ever thinks about whether or not the areas they are bombing are populated with Jewish people? It makes no difference? 18 days agoflag  reply0toastyguy11  jubal:I'm saying that that's not the main reason they treat palestinians so badly.  To say that would distract from the main reason really is: they treat them all like they are potential terrorists just because some palestinians are violent. 18 days agoflag  reply+1Nephwrack  jubal:well, a lot of it is recycled Sumerian myth. 18 days agoflag  reply+2Radical_Centrist  toastyguy11:I agree 100! This is about Real Estate not religion or Nationality. 18 days agoflag  reply+2Radical_Centrist  maasanova:What he is saying is they want their land and could care less who or what they are. 18 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  maasanova:"Would Israel attack an unarmed group of civilians and risk international condemnation? "when it is the only means to protect thier own citizens, yes they would.just like any country would.it is a shame that those unarmed citizens are placed between the armed citizens and the irsaelis by terrorists, but that is the situation at hand. "they do it all the time"really? one operation in ten years is all the time? what is ten thousand rockets in the same time span then comparatively?"When you (mistakenly) think you're God's chosen people"what does being chosen to recieve the ten commandments and keep gods word holy have to do with anything? 16 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  toastyguy11:yet all they have done is give land away over the las 40 yrs.oh do you think its 1967?look at a newspaper, i assure you it isnt. 16 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  Charles_Sommers:and what does islam state? secondary citizenry? 16 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  maasanova:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1Pm8PYPb9wstop thinking, and start knowing.but you arent being antisemitic right? 16 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  toastyguy11:You can make your arguments without coming off as anti-semiticonly if you arent antisemitic, otheriwse it is difficult 16 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  maasanova:if the israelis thought that the palestinians all were violent, thier wouldnt be any palestians left.spin all you want, but antisemitism doesnt substitute for fact. 16 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  maasanova:um the above posts had links to the very ads you just claim dont exist. 16 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  jubal:notice the line of discussion at hand has nothing to do with anything, but is the diversion brought to us by maasonova.just saying. 16 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  Nephwrack:does ancient egypt qualify as Sumerian? 16 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  Radical_Centrist:then why did israel give gaza up if they want it? they literaly had it. 16 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentssouthrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  24 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  26 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  42 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog