Spaying Your Female DogHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPets and AnimalsAnimal Rights and WelfareAnimal Spaying and NeuteringSpaying Your Female DogSpaying Your Female Dog97rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Whitney05Female Dog HealthI love all dogs- male and female alike- but that doesn't mean that I want puppies. Now, generally when you adopt a dog from a shelter, the dog is already spayed or will be shortly after adoption. But you may still be iffy about the whole process. The best thing that you can do to ease your insecurities is to make sure that you know everything you can about the full process of having a dog spayed. It is actually one of the most important surgeries that you need to make sure that your female dog has because it will truly reduce the risk of breast cancer and it will 100% reduce the risk of an unwanted pregnancy. Spaying your female dog is a routine procedure that your vet could probably do in his/her sleep, but to the average pet parent, it can be scary having their dog put under anesthesia. Below is the basic information that should hopefully help you ease any worries about having your precious pup spayed. Prevent an unwanted pregnancy  Flickr Image by Somerslea When to Spay a Female DogThere are a lot of breeders who recommend that you wait until after the dog's first heat to get the dog spayed. This is because many people believe that a female dog is not fully done growing until she has her first heat, when she becomes an adult, so to speak, and by spaying too early, you prevent growth. Well, I'm not 100% on the accuracy of this; I believe that a dog will grow to its full potential no matter when you spay, but it's up to you whether you believe it or not. Otherwise, the main concern is spaying the dog before the first heat. Some vets will spay females as early as 6 weeks old given that the puppy weighs more than 5 pounds, but most vets wait until the puppy is at least 6 months old. By spaying before the dog's first heat, you prevent an unwanted litter and you give your pet more protection against developing breast cancer in the future. The actual stats on preventing breast cancer are as follows:A dog spayed before her first heat has a mere 0.5% risk of developing breast tumors later in life. A dog spayed between her first and second heat has an 8% risk of developing breasts tumors. A dog spayed after her second heat has a 26% chance of developing breast tumors, which is the same as a dog who is not spayed.The only time that you want to wait until after the first heat is if your female puppy has severe vaginitis, as it can be "cured," so to speak by letting her go through one heat cycle before spaying her.If you wait too long, your dog's odds of developing a uterine infection greatly increase. If you do not have the dog spayed by the time she's 5 years old, her odds of a uterine infection are pretty high. The treatment is to surgically remove the uterus, but if you don't notice the signs of the infection early enough, then there may not be anything the doctor can do.Sometimes, you can get your dog spayed during her heat, but very few vets will actually do it as it is more complicated during the heat, and saying this that means it's more expensive. I personally waited it out until my American Pit Bull Terrier was about 8 months old before I had her spayed, trying to get as close as I could to her first heat without actually having to experience it.For more information about a females in heat, check out Tips for a Female Dog in HeatUterus, Fallopian Tubes, and Ovaries  Flicker Image by DonnitaMae Spay sealed with surgical glueWhat's the process of spaying a dog?Although it is a pretty routine and basic procedure for vets, for a pet owner it can be scary, knowing that your beloved pup is going under anesthetics and having major surgery. It will calm your nerves if you understand the process. The basics involve your dog being put under a general anesthesia just like a human would be, using a breathing tube in the trachea that is connected to the anesthesia machine. Your dogs heartbeat, breathing, and sometimes blood pressure will be monitored throughout the procedure, as well.Your dog will be positioned on her back on a heated surgical table. The hair on the abdomen is shaved and the skin is cleaned with a surgical scrub.Using a scalpel, the vet will make an incision, and depending on the size of the dog the incision will vary between 1.5 and 4 inches long. The vet will locate the uterus underneath the bladder and follow each horn of the uterus up to each ovary. Then using clamps and sutures, the vet will tie off the blood vessels before he/she cuts the uterus and ovaries free and removing them. The vet will then suture the abdominal muscles back together, and then sutures or glues the skin back together.The anesthesia is turned off, and the vet techs will watch your dog as she slowly wakes up, where she will be moved to a recovery kennel. Sick and laying on the covered couch after getting spayedWhat happens after the procedure?Depending on your vet, they will either require that you leave your dog overnight or they will allow you to pick up your dog later in the evening. Some dogs will show some signs of discomfort after the surgery, but not all will. In most cases, your dog will act completely normal after the surgery, but you want to monitor what the dog eats due to the anesthesia. Sometimes dogs will react to the anesthesia just like humans do.Many vets will recommend that you half the dog's normal diet for the first meal, and offer ice chips instead of water.It took about 3 days for my APBT to fully recoup her surgery, as she got sick drinking water much less eating an ice chip.It will typically take about 10 to 14 days for the incision to heal.What are the risks of spaying your dog?For the most part the biggest risk is death from unpredictable anesthetic reaction, excessive bleeding, or an abdominal infection. It is extremely rare for a healthy young dog to die as a result of being spayed.Other complications can include fever, pain, skin irritation the sutures, or reaction to the anesthesia (typically throwing up).Female Dog Spaying MythsA few myths associated with spaying and neutering dogs include the following:She will no longer want to protect her family or home. (Protection is a natural instinct that cannot be taken away by removing hormones. The actual extent of the protection trait, will depend on genetics, environment, and training.)She will get fat and lazy.She will either stay a puppy or revert to puppyhood forever.It's expensive. (Remember spaying your dog once prevents a full litter of puppies that you have to feed, care for, and find homes for.)She'll be sad and upset with me because she can't have a littler of puppies. (She doesn't want the puppies. You do. Your female dog will not act or behave any differently if you breed her once or if you never breed her at all. It's all animal instinct, and if you remove the hormones for the most part the instinct is gone.)Should I Breed My Dog?Is My Dog PregnantTips for a Female Dog in HeatDisclaimer: Please be aware that the advice in this article should in no way replace that of a licensed veterinarian. If you have any concerns, you should consult a veterinarian.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (28)Funny (3)Awesome (3)Beautiful (2)Decide When to Put Your Dog to Sleep - Putting a Dog DownTips for a Female Dog in HeatCommentsWhitney053 weeks ago That is a risk, but waiting risks cancer. Personally, I can deal with incontinence, but I don't want to go through a dog with cancer again. That is a much more expensive, emotion, and heart breaking ordeal.Just Ask Susan3 weeks ago I had my female newfoundland dog spayed at three months old. I feel I should have waited until she was in her first heat. Due to spaying her too early she ended up having incontinence. Spay incontinence sometimes happens after a female has been spayed. Certain breeds such as Doberman's are prone to spay incontinence which can cause leaking. I used to work for a Newfoundland breeder and she told me that if I had waited till she was older this probably would not have happened.Sad7 weeks ago Agatha was a six month old puppy who had previously undergone entropion surgery and tolerated anesthetics.I brought her to the United States from Brazil two weeks ago. She had several vet exames before we came back. She was healthy and did fantastic on the 9 hour flight to Miami and then the three hour flight to Boston. Just two days ago I took her in to get spayed and another procedure to correct entropion. I was told that both procedures could be performed at the same time. Agatha was a completly healthy puppy. The vet called me later that day to tell me that they have had complications. The surgery went fine. He told me that her heart stopped during the five minutes of recovery. This hack and his assistants did something wrong. I know it. Either the loss of blood or too much anesthetics are the cause.lynxe2 months ago I adopted a female german sheperd X a couple months ago I wanted to get her spayed right away but due to her state of neglect she was too underweight so I had to wait to beef her up first. She had her first heat about two months ago that only lasted a few days. I have her booked to be spayed in a 10 days but today she started bleeding again. Is this normal? I've heard that since the first heat was so short it's possible that this is her first real one, is that true? Also should I cancel her appointment until she's finished? I've been reading some of these comments and they say how she is at a high risk of breast cancer, is this true if this is her first "real" heat? And if so what are the signs of breast cancer?mkott2 months ago Great article and every pet should be spayed or neutered.  Leave breeding up to the reputable breeders.Leanne2 months ago My dog was spayed 4 days ago and wont stop shaking, what does this mean?Whitney052 months ago A vet.Jackie2 months ago I adopted an abandoned dog she has now had 5 puppies,. When can I have her spayed?Rosey 3 months ago I have a 6 month old mix puppy that I had spayed 2 days ago.  The did the inside sutures, and glued the outside closed.  The first night she did not have an e-collar because they didnt provide me with one and the pet store was closed by time I picked her up.  I noticed in the morning that she had licked some of the glue off the skin surrounding it.  The skin is held togeather still and she is now wearing an e-collar.  But she is being very active for having it done only 2 days ago.  there is another puppy in the house that is younger and she keeps trying to play with her.  she is running around the house, and keeps sneeking out the back dog door and going up and down the stairs to the dog pen.  I am wondering if her being this active can cause the sutures to rip out?  She doesnt seem to be in any pain and is not to happy about being stopped when she is trying to play.  Is it ok for her to be playing a little bit this early?  Do you think she would stop if it caused her pain?Tm30003 months ago I have a girl German shepherd husky mix she just  turned 8 weeks yesterday any advice on when I should spay her?Whitney053 months ago Spay her as soon as you can. Spaying before first heat reduces risks of mammary cancer the greatest, after first heat a little, and after second heat, it's as though you never did it.Spay her soon, especially if you don't want puppies. Some vets will do it during the heat, but it's just safer to wait until after.Penelope3 months ago Hi I have a one year old black lab going through her first heat right now! We don't wnat puppies so we're thinking of getting her spayed. Any advice?Lauren3 months ago My beagle puppy was spayed 3 days ago, and today she has been constantly shaking, she is not eating or drinking so we decided to take her along to the vets who claimed that she was fine. When we got her home I noticed milk leaking from her tits, is all of this normal?Mia093 months ago Me again just reading through more of your comments about the e coller and our dogs not liking them my vet told me to use a pair of boxers or an old t shirt that covers the wound again they wont like it as it is new but its more comfatable, and at least that way they can lie down properly.Mia093 months ago Hi i had my female choc lab spayed 5 days ago, She is fineBut she felt all sorry for herself and in quite abit of pain the day we brought her back from the vets i was up intill 2am and then up at 6am with her, the following day she was in pain nearly every second she was awake she was crying made me feel sick as i was the one that put her through it, but as the day went on she got better.The night of the op she ate scrambled egg and rice about 8pm, the following day i put her own food down for her she wasn't too happy as she really liked the meal before but by 8am she had eaten it and had no sickness or poop problems.Mia is going back to the vets today for her 5 day check up, and only today as she really noticed that she has stitches and keeps licking them, but i have read that the soreness starts after 5-6 days as the wound starts to heal.My advice to anyone that is having thier female spayed is get it done as soon as the vets allow (normally the vets will let you do this between 1st and 2nd season) Mia is 1 yr 5mnths, and if you work take at least 1 week off so you can at least be with her through the painful part.My mother in-law had her female spayed at three years old and it was a bigger operation and the scaring was much bigger, and she pulled stitches out and broke the e-coller as she is a German Shepherd very big and boystres just like mine but not quite as big :)Alot of you are naming common side effects from the anisthetic, wetting thier selves, not eating, wanting to be in thier safe place or just finding one (corners of rooms thier crates/bedrooms)2 years ago i hd an operation but when i came out of the anisthetic after the operation i just wanted to go home and curl up and be on my own didnt want to eat these were just the effects of the anisthetic,Anyone that has been under anithestic will probaly agree its not nice afterwards the grogginess and sleepy and pain, but just think we got told what was happening our dogs dont.Alexandra 3 months ago Hello, I am getting my puppy in January and reading all of these comments is making me have second thoughts about getting a female. I really want a little girl but I am worried something will happen to her! What are the odds of her dying from the operation or some sort of infection?!Alison3 months ago Joanne -I just had my 2 year old dog spayed yesterday and the Vet said because she has gone through the heat cycle, she may go through a fake pregnancy as her body gets rid of the rest of the hormones.  He said sometimes he forgets to tell owners of dogs who have gone through a heat cycle.  He said she may have swollen teats, maybe milky substance may come out, and she will whine and want to be close.  She may also start to nest.  This may be what your dog is going through?  It will pass.Joanne3 months ago We had our dog spade on friday she is a 4 year old staffie cross. She now constantly cries and will not leave anyone alone and is craving attention but when she gets it, she will still cry. She has also become agressive to other dogs has swollen teats and is panting like she has been on a long run when she hasn't. Will she be like this forever and why is it happening?Whitney053 months ago It's normal. It's probably a stitch trying to work it's way out. Just keep an eye on it. Both of my females experienced it. If it continues or worsens, definitely have your vet check it out when you got for your 7-10 checkup.Kimmie3 months ago I had my puppy done four days ago and this morning when she woke up I noticed her wound was a bit swollen like there is a lump around the area, does anybody know if this is normal?Whitney054 months ago Antibiotics are not necessary. Some vets provide them, but not all. It's not something I would worry about.heather4 months ago hi i have a  pitt bull i took her to a low cost spaid and nueter clinic to get her fixed when i picked her up they really didnt tell me much and people have told me they are suppose to send antibotics home with her they didnt i was wondering if i needed to try to get some for her. i was also wondering if i was suppose to clean her cutt with anything or leave it alone.imjust scared it might get infected.Welshdoll4 months ago I had Cassie my border collie spayed yesterday all is goin well apart from me being worried sick (longest day of my life) as for any other that has gone throught it probably....but she is panting excessively ..is this all part of the process as i have only ever had dogs never bitches? (not a hot climate here as its mostly raining and room temp)Impossible to stop her from licking her wound so the battle of that plastic collar is going to be an experience tonight ...will let you know how it goes ....Shawn4 months ago Taking my Boxer / Collie X tomorrow. Will let you know how it goes.Julie4 months ago Hi,my name is Julie. I have a 5 month old bichon frise that got spayed today and she has been very tired,doesn't want to eat or drink and has peed everywhere..she didnt ask to go outside like she always does. I don't know if it's normal for her to be THIS tired..my friend who is a vet said that if she doesn't walk around at some point in the day that I should take her to her...she did though at around 8 p.m. to just lie back down on the floor. She has the cone over her head and she has trouble sleeping with it on. Can i take the cone off? At least at bed-time? And then when she wakes up,I put it back on? My vet friend said I shouldnt take the risk but it bothers me to see her like this..just like Karen in one of the old comments she has a small amount of blood seeping through the stitch line. I think it's because my other bichon frise licked it..is that dangerous? She only LICKED it...she didn;t bite it or claw it..isn't dog saliva supposed to cure? Thanks you a million.. -Julie H.Lynn4 months ago Our toy poodle is 3 yrs old an we had her spade 6 days ago. She still is laying around and I have to make her go outside to potty and have to force her to drink. She has ate a small amt.  She had some sort of shot but no other anesthesia.  She cried during the surgery when the ovaries were being pulled down. I was told she wasn't feeling anything it was just a nerve reaction.  I am very worried about her. Has anyone experienced this.nash4 months ago I got my doggy spayed when she was around a year old. Anyways, the operation took around just 20 minutes.  For 3 hours, we left her there. The vet wanted the dog to be kept over there for a longer period. However i didn't want my doggy to wake up and be in a unknown place and surrounded by unfamiliar faces. Plus i knew, it would be reassuring for her to be with us in these hours of pain.She's now around 6 years old and quite healthy.Whitney055 months ago If the cough is kennel cough, the vet will not spay until she's treated of that. If the cough is just a cough and nothing else, there shouldn't be any problems. Your vet will perform a pre-surgery exam, checking bloodwork and whatnot to determine whether the dog is healthy enough for surgery. If there are any doubts, he will not perform surgery until the doubts have cleared.Denise5 months ago My female puppy beagle is 4 months old.  She has had kennel cough from about the third day I had her, her brother does also although he is nowhere near as badly affected as she is.   Two lots of Anti-biotics have failed to shift it. I am concerned that within 6 weeks I will need to get both my pups spayed and neutered but with this awful cough I'm worried that will complicate the spaying procedure, given that a tube is put in the puppy's trachea during the Op and they can have a cough for a couple of days after that due to the tube making their throats sore.  Will my vet delay spaying until the cough is completely gone - the trouble being that because I have a boy and girl - timewise I need to ensure my female puppy doesn't come into her first season with her brother lurking around!Boba Fett5 months ago I have a six month old Beagle that was spayed last week, for the past few days the area where her stitches are has become very swollen, she doesn't seem to be in any pain and she is eating and drinking normally, should I be concerned at all? she is due to have her stitches out on monday.Whitney055 months ago More than likely the neighbor males will jump the fence. I've known females to go into heat and be in a pen within the yard, and a male dog jump the yard fence and climbed the pen fence to get to the female, who did get pregnant after locking with the male for mere seconds, as the owner of the female was home and happened to see what happened. Before she could get outside and to the pen, the male was already in there. You would need to keep her inside if opted not to spay, walking her on leash to potty.Many dogs do get aggressive after having a litter, especially males. Some females do as well though, and it's hard to predict. Having a litter and being spayed is completely different. In most cases, there will be more hormones running through the body during pregnancy and right after.Becoming lazy won't happen as long as you keep up regular exercise and walks. You may see a slight change, but there's no reason why it would completely change her temperament.Jeannie5 months ago I have a 8 month old pure bred American Pit Bull Terrier female that we are contemplating on whether or not we should get her spayed. Her parents are both champion show dogs and we are looking to start showing ours once she is a little older. Shes a beautiful dog with such a good personality just extremely hyper and gets overexcited easily. Here are a few factors that we arent sure if we should get her spayed or not 1) we are afraid she will get lazy and over weight and we wont be able to show her at the shows. 2) it will change her temperment for the worse *her mother became extremely agressive after her first litter* 3)our neighbors have 3 male pits that we are afraid will jump the fence if she becomes in heat. Any Suggestions???Whitney055 months ago It is safer to wait, but you can consult your vet. It is odd that she came into season so soon.Charmaine5 months ago I have a 7 month old English Staffy pup who has just started bleeding etc. I was told to put her through her first season as she had urinary tract infections as a little puppy. I'm concerned now that I have done the wrong thing and increased her chances of getting tumours in later life! should I try and get her done whilst she's still on heat?Whitney056 months ago Elisha, she is more than likely just experiencing her first heat. It's odd that she came to season so young. Typically, larger dogs do not come to season until they are at least a year or older, but each dog is different.Stacey, After a week most of the healing should have taken place. She may still have her stitches, if the vet does external stitches, but she should be fine. I would just keep a close eye on her and her activity level. If you see she's getting to rough, I would try to seclude her till she calms a bit. Also, keep an eye on the wound so that you can prevent her from opening it. Because dogs heal fairly quickly, I would say you will be fine as long as you keep an eye on her activity and the wound.Stacey6 months ago I have a golden Retriever pup who is 6 months old. She is set to be spayed next wednesday but the following wednesday we are going to a cottage for 5 days with 3 other dogs, 3 kids and 6 adults. She is a pretty calm dog to begin with and she listens well so I should be able to keep her pretty calm with the other dogs but what about swimming in he lake? Will she be healed enough for this trip? If I put off the sugery, what are the chances of her going into heat before we get back? (She will be just under 7 months at that point).Elisha Moyles6 months ago I have a German Shepherd lab mix puppy she is 8 months old now i havw had a friend baby sit her when i went away for a weekend. When i came back she was bleeding a little bit and i noticed her nipples were kind of bigger this wouldnt mean she is pregnant would it. i dont mind if she is but how can i tell.adorababy6 months ago This my first time to hear about spaying and I had 9 dogs but mostly male though.  Thanks for the info and I will read about this more.Whitney056 months ago You may be able to get her spayed before your trip. It is more dangerous and costly to spay a dog while in heat, so keep that in mind. Just talk to your vet to see what he thinks.Smiley6 months ago Hey i have a 7month old yorkie-poodle, and she has just began to bleed. we have plans to go out of town in about three weeks, in which there will be a male unneutered dog accompanying us. do i have enough time to get her spayed before the trip? or what do you recommend??nicole mac lellan6 months ago a vast amount of excellent information.  thank you for all the various comments.  I knew any operation is risky and I have now decided what is best.Thanks. Nicolekristy7 months ago I have two yellow labs one is 7 and the other is 2 years old i got them spayed when they were 1 and the other was 6 months old. They go threw menstral cycles the vet told me but other things happen to a spayed animal like infections and cancer. Be aware if you see your dog with blood coming out her or his rectum that is a sign of stomach problems i learned the hard way. With 3,700 dollars in vet bills in the last year and a half i was told that the youngest has stomach cancer. I have her on vet recomended medication that cost me about 50.00 threw pet meds and i get her heart medication threw a pet store recomended by the vet that cost 50.00 a month  as well. If there is signs of weakness call the vet if there is signs of vomiting after the surgery call the vet after those stiches come out and the surgery is healed there is no way for anyone to know it is a virus or a something else. I believe in good pet owner ship and i believe pet nutering and spaying is key. But it like anything else is cause and effect.I hope everyone that spayes and nuters their pets take the time and talk to their vets i wish i had i had to come up with money i didn"t have i cried to family and sold items to make sure i was being a good dog owner. The humanes socitey in your area have pathlets on  the risks and the complacations of spaying and the good factors of spaying as well. The information that you read could save your pets life.Just like any virus it has a cause for concern. From kennel cough to torn bowls dogs can not speak they want us to be their providers and care for them. The humanes socitey is a good place to reserch and the aspca is another area to look into about animal health and phathlets.I wish you all the best of luckWhitney057 months ago You shouldn't have a problem spaying after the heat. I've never heard to wait 3 months. I know many people who get their dogs spayed immediately after the heat is completed.With any surgery, there is risk of complications with the anesthesia. A healthy dog is at less risk of complications; your vet will do a physical before surgery. Even still, there are till risks, but in generally, as far as I know, there's nothing that YOU can do to prevent anything from happening.Call your vet to make the appointment. There's really nothing you can do to prepare the dog for surgery. Not that I've ever heard anyway.Haley7 months ago I have a 1 1/2 year old dauschund she weighs about 14 lbs. She just started her second heat. I want to get her spayed after this heat. I have read that you should wait 3 months after a heat to have them fixed, is this safe? She also has an imbilical hernia since birth however my Vet said they can fix it when they spay her. I am very frightened that something could happen to her. What is the best way to go about getting her spayed? And is there anything I can do to lessen her chances of complications from the surgery? She is like a child to me and the thought of anything happenning to her scares me.Whitney058 months ago It is hard to answer that question, as the dog may behave better for the vet than for you. Sometimes dogs behave better and aren't as aggressive (whatever the cause) when around strangers and when familiar people aren't around. In a way, this is something that you are just going to have to make the decision about.You don't know if it will help until you try. If you want her spayed, I personally would do it. It won't cause any more damage, or at least shouldn't. It's hard to give a definite answer because each dog and case is going to be different.Lady's Momma8 months ago Hey there, I have a 3.5 yr old German Shepherd, she did have one litter about 4 months ago, and I would like to get her fixed. My only question, is that she has fear aggression, and I'm afraid that leaving her with the vet could potentially worsen it. We are seeing a behavioralist as well as a trainer in that field. But the answers im getting are that it "shouldn't" do anything. Should I take the risk and get her spayed.Whitney058 months ago At 5 years old, she should not have had 4 litters of pups. That is a lot of wear and tear on her body. Most people only breed females every other year starting at 2 years old, in order to keep the dog healthy.You should spay her, although it won't do much good in reducing risks of breast cancer. It's still ideal to go ahead and do it.Danielle8 months ago I have a boxer that is 5 years old.  She has had 4 litters of pups.  I'm torn weather or not i should get her spayed.  What's your opinion?Whitney059 months ago Teresa, I would take the dog to the vet to have the lump looked at. It may be a cycst, but it may be something else. Where is the lump exactly.Susy, After just a few days, I wouldn't assume there is permanent damage. Many dogs have urination problems after being altered. I would recommend kenneling the dog when she can't be watched. If it continues, as your vet to check her out.Susy9 months ago I had my yorkie who is 3 years old spayed on Monday and on Thursday she began peeing every hour and would squat several times going only small amounts if at all.  She has to wear a diaper as she is having accidents every day.  Not like her, I am very concerned she has been permantely damaged.See 155 more commentsSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites99Whitney05From Georgia3156 Followers959 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by Whitney05Follow Whitney05Subscribe to Whitney05's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Whitney05 a question based on this Hub.Questions Asked on this Hubwould it be safe to spay a 7 year old yorkshire terrier who has retired from breeding?asked by Sally002 9 days ago1 answerAnswer this questionThis article is fantastic and has really eased my fears about having my 7 month old puppy spayed.asked by lttleblujay 3 weeks ago1 answerAnswer this questionWhen a female dog is spayed does she stop her period?asked by bobo1010 3 weeks ago2 answersAnswer this questionWe just had our 2yr old boxer spayed 6 days ago and she is unusally whiney & needy!asked by kristawilliams77 7 weeks ago1 answerAnswer this questionmy female american pit is 1.5 spayed and up to date on all her shots including rabies she is...asked by toni booth 8 weeks ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsNeutering Your Male Dogby Whitney05What You Need To Know About Spaying and Neuteringby rdelpTips for a Female Dog in Heatby Whitney05Tips if you suspect abuse or neglect in dogsby alexadry My Mother rescued an Abused Pomeranian Dog named Skippy by Peggy WWhy Do We Keep Pets? Is Keeping Pets Wrong?by Shil1978 Animal Rights and Welfare ForumTopicReplieswould you make your child kill their pet as punishmentposted by bonny201078animal abuseposted by megan5427Should dogs have shock collars?posted by FactAndFiction42Post a new topic12 more topics Tagsdog spay spay and neuter female dog dog in heat dog spayed Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.192 sec)  working