San Diegans 4 Great Schools: Secret Groups Hypocrisy ExposedOB RagGrassroots and Progressive views on local, national and world newsHomeAboutComment PolicyHistoryContactLettersOld RagsVol. 1, No. 17, July 1971Vol. 2, No. 5, January 1972Vol. 2, No. 8, March 1972Vol. 7, No. 2, Oct. 2002Vol. 7, No. 3, May 2003ArchivesLinksColumnsAnna's Video PickAsk an OB ConvertEd DeckerRiyadh CallingThe Chronicles of EdumacationThe Widder CurryOcean BeachHitchikers' Guide to OBOB Flashes!OB HeroesOB Time MachinePopularSan DiegoOB ClassifiedsSan Diegans 4 Great Schools: Secret Groups Hypocrisy Exposedby Doug Porter on July 22, 2010 in: Civil Rights, Columns, Economy, Education, Labor, San Diego, The Chronicles of EdumacationSan Diego Unified district map.A group calling itself San Diegans 4 Great Schools has finally surfaced after months of shadowy meetings to issue a critical report on the San Diego Unified School District.  At a press conference held at the University of San Diego on Tuesday, group leaders emerged publicly for the first time, calling the local public schools a failing school district.The report ignored the most recent test scores (which revealed modest gains in student achievement) and failed to mention an earlier effort by many of its participants that hailed the progress made at SDUSD under Superintendent Terry Grier. (2006-2008)The local news media jumped on statements made by participants at the media event as if were big news, despite the fact that the actual details in the report are matter of fact in nature and outdated.  Consider these ledes published on Tuesday:A group of civic leaders is calling the San Diego Unified School District a failing school district. The leaders blame a series of leadership changes within the top ranks, and they want to change how the district is run. KPBSA coalition of philanthropists, parents, academics and business leaders aired an updated study of San Diego Unified schools at a press conference today, touting it as a call to action to change the way a failing school system is governed. Voice Of San DiegoBacked by a critical study of city schools performance, a coalition of civic leaders is calling for a change in how the San Diego Unified School District is governed. SD Union-TribuneMembers of this group were associated with a group calling it self Open Letter San Diego that sponsored advertising and a website following the decision of former SDUSD Superintendent Terry Grier to accept a position in Houston, Texas. Grier reportedly left San Diego after disagreements over policy and direction with the current Board of Education, which took office in 2008.Among the claims made by this group in defending SDUSD at that time were:{we have noticed a difference and we encourage you to consider some of the dramatic accomplishments in the mere 18 months of his leadership: }*Largest test score increases in three years, particularly in science.*Real data to support teachers in a responsive learning environment.*System-wide and effective efforts to decrease the dropout rate.*Innovative early college programs that keep students engaged.*Breakfast in the classroom for disadvantaged students.*Credit recovery classes that allow students to rebound.*Dramatic increases in advanced placement courses for all students.*Academic rigor for ethnically and linguistically diverse students*University of California a-g requirements for all students in all schools.*Equitable evaluation systems to bring the best employees forward.*Commitment to service and parent involvement.*Streamlined and more effective business operations.*Passage of Prop. S with 68% support and $2.1 billion to upgrade schools.*Upgraded computer systems on multiple levels to support education.*Transparency and better communication about our schools.*Broader community outreach.The current school board has not changed any of these policies.  Somehow all these advances under the former Superintendent have now disappeared, according to the report.Businessman Rod Dammeyer (see below for more info)Businessman Rod Dammeyer, who funded the report, tried to paint the picture of a floundering school district, telling reporters, There has not been, nor is there currently, a consistent long term plan to improve student achievement.Perhaps, if the reports authors and backers had bothered to consult with the School District, Dammeyer might have put it differently.  Despite claims that input was sought from both the district and the teachers union, both groups can not recall being asked to contribute. Certainly they could have sought input from School Board member Nakamura, who Dammeyer and others supported in her recent failed re-election effort.Or perhaps the backers of San Diegans 4 Great Schools failed to visit the Districts website, (Or perhaps they missed the articles here and here in the Voice of San Diego.) which offers up this verbatim copy of President Richard Barerras State of the Schools Speech last March, which summarizes a long term direction for local schools based on community involvement:In taking on the reform challenge, we find ourselves in the middle of a debate that has been raging for at least a decade across our state, our nation, and in many nations around the world.The debate is grounded in the reality that despite the inspiring work of individual school communities within our district and nation, no large urban district  not ours, not anyones  can claim anything close to the success in preparing every student for a bright future. If we were to randomly identify 10 high school freshmen at school today in San Diego or across the country, the data tells us that in 10 years, only one of them will be in a successful career with a promising future. Anywhere from 1 to 4 of these students  our kids  will drop out of high school without graduating. Nearly all of the kids who do graduate will struggle in college or get stuck in a dead end job with no hope of supporting a family.We did not create a public education system to produce these types of results. Our public education system is supposed to be the great equalizer, the institution in our society which ensures that every child, no matter their circumstances when they begin public school, will leave public school with a real opportunity to raise a family and contribute to our community. And I seriously doubt that anyone here tonight  students, teachers, parents, principals, support staff, administrators, board members, community leaders  if asked to design a school system from scratch, would recreate what we have today. So those of us who care passionately about public schools debate with great urgency how to do better.From my perspective, the debate tends to come from two competing visions of how we can do better. One vision fundamentally sees change as needing to come from the top  what I would characterize  maybe unfairly  as a corporate model. The corporate model, which weve seen nationally in the form of the Bush Administrations No Child Left Behind program, and locally in the form of Alan Bersins Blueprint for Success, seeks to develop across the board, easy to measure standards to which local schools and classroom teachers are held accountable.Putting faith in good management as the key to improving student outcomes, the corporate model seeks to reward schools and teachers whose students score well on standardized tests, and to punish schools and teachers whose students do not. The corporate model gravitates towards large, sweeping reforms that are designed to produce quick improvements for large numbers of students  what education historian and No Child Left Behind architect Diane Ravitch calls the big idea.The competing vision for reform comes from what I would characterize as the community model. This vision sees change as fundamentally coming from those closest to kids  teachers, parents, principals, support staff at the school such as paraeducators, counselors, librarians and office staff, community volunteers and even students themselves. The community model puts its faith in strong relationships built between people within a school community, striving for what University of Chicago professors Anthony Bryk and Barbara Schneider term Trust in Schools.Im pretty sure that the members of San Diegans 4 Great Schools have read that speech. And Im pretty sure they disagree with the premise.  Thats why theyve started up a scare campaign, using carefully manicured reports along with public comments from wealthy citizens (Who would dare challenge Qualcomm co-founder Irwin Jacobs or Mayor Jerry Sanders statements at press conference, even if they were based on manipulated data?).In short, the Report is seriously lacking in its effort to represent a true picture of the state of education in San Diego. It was designed to be that way. The real premise behind this group is an effort by a rather small group of wealthy citizens and supporters of former school superintendents to overhaul the governance process for local schools, since they have failed to elect their candidates. Their idea (which they downplayed yesterday in the hope that outrage over their report would make it seem less drastic) is to add four members to the school board through an appointment process that would be run by a special elite committee.Its a time-honored, well-tested formula: fool the citizenry into giving up their rights by scaring them with carefully manufactured facts.The fact is that the public does need to look at how our local schools are run. Heres another quote from Barerras March speech:despite the inspiring work of individual school communities within our district and nation, no large urban district  not ours, not anyones  can claim anything close to the success in preparing every student for a bright future. If we were to randomly identify 10 high school freshmen at school today in San Diego or across the country, the data tells us that in 10 years, only one of them will be in a successful career with a promising future. Anywhere from 1 to 4 of these students  our kids  will drop out of high school without graduating. Nearly all of the kids who do graduate will struggle in college or get stuck in a dead end job with no hope of supporting a family.We did not create a public education system to produce these types of results. Our public education system is supposed to be the great equalizer, the institution in our society which ensures that every child, no matter their circumstances when they begin public school, will leave public school with a real opportunity to raise a family and contribute to our community. And I seriously doubt that anyone here tonight  students, teachers, parents, principals, support staff, administrators, board members, community leaders  if asked to design a school system from scratch, would recreate what we have today. So those of us who care passionately about public schools debate with great urgency how to do better.Having school board members elected by the people of the Districts they serve, rather than on a City-wide basis, is an idea that should be supported.  But thats not what the elite group wants. They want controlof the budget, the policies and the content of public education in San Diego. Dont be fooled. Top down approaches to education have largely failed. Its time to try a better way.Editor: Rod Dammeyer is a trustee for The Scripps Research Institute which claims the following about him:Dammeyer is president of CAC, LLC, a private company offering capital investment and management advisory services.His previous positions include: managing partner of Equity Group Corporate Investments (1995-2000), CEO of Itel Corporation (1985-1995), senior vice president and chief financial officer of Household International, Inc. (1983-85), executive vice president and chief financial officer of Northwest Industries (1979-83), and member, then partner, of Arthur Andersen & Co. (1962-79).A graduate of Kent State University, Dammeyer is a member of the boards of directors of GATX Corporation, Stericycle, Inc., TeleTech Holdings, Inc., and TheraSense, Inc., in addition to several private companies. He is also a trustee of Van Kampen Funds (investment funds of Morgan Stanley), and the University of Chicago Hospitals & Health System.Share|Did you find this article interesting? Try these:Governor-elect Browns Budgetary Shock Doctrine Blows Up School Board PlanningA Trojan Horse Measure Posing as School Reform{ 8 comments read them below or add one }RBJuly 22, 2010 at 12:58 pmAaahhh yes,  another adult food fight about who has the worst model for public education. Should we support the adults in administration, those on the school board, those at the unions, or the adult business leaders?  The answer is none of these adult groups deserve the support of parents, citizens or taxpayers.  This year Our School Board took $20 million of Prop S money and gave to the downtown library project that legal cant have a public school at this location.  This year the Districts administration and Board created nine new area superintendents positions at $3 million, while they cut programs to train new teachers.  This year the teachers union secured a promise of 7% pay raise in return for cutting the school year for the students by five days.  How much improvement do you expect out of schools that spend 25% of their budget on employee benefits?  90% of the school budget is about the adults getting their money while  the students get the scraps in the last 10%. Until the schools are run for student education instead of run as an adult jobs program, there will be no big improvements in the schools.Replydoug porterJuly 22, 2010 at 4:12 pmagain RB, you seem to have no interest other than trashing the public schools, based on this and other posts that youve made. but in the interests of somebody who might be reading this who doesnt know better, let me respond:1) the schoolbrary deal sucks. thats the price the school board paid (to Sanders, et.al.) for getting their support for prop S. its doubtful that any other school board would have done differently.2) the new district supes positions involved no new funding. they simply replaced one set of managers with another set.3) the deal with the teachersagain it was political. i suppose youd rather have them go out on strike and be replaced by scabs.4) if the stock market was at 30,000as many free market types openly predicted back in the late-clinton/early bush era, there would be no issue with either pensions (theyd be funded) or benefits. In fact, the teachers did accept a reduction in health care this year.5) the way Sacramento funds education, most of the monies are supposed to go for humans. building $$$ monies and special programs come out of other budgets.  San Diegos budget ratios are pretty much within the normal range for all school districts state wide.ReplybodysurferbobJuly 22, 2010 at 6:52 pmdoug, i for one thank you. i have been following this story and i know the earlier commenter has said the same thing in an earlier article at this blog. this group needs to be exposed for what they are: an elite band of wealthy members of the establishment, anti-union, anti-environment, pro-profit for themselves and their families and friends, attempting to push back decades of progress. democracy is messy, no one ever said its easy or efficient. every obcean with a kid in local schools needs to go to this town council meeting and listen and ask this guy questions.ReplyMollyJuly 22, 2010 at 7:03 pmBob, for once I agree with you: everybody to the Town Council get together next week to listen to this jerk. He will pushing the ruling elites plan for public education, which is to take the public out of it.ReplyRBJuly 23, 2010 at 9:54 amWell, the stock market is not going to 30,000 as many union members on the pension boards projected.  So it is time to reduce these benefit going forward and use the money for student education.  The other readers, who dont know any better , also need to know that they paying for teacher salaries that among the highest in the nation while the student results in this state are among the worst in the nation. The fact of the matter is the teachers through their union want no accountability for school performance and reject reform from the President, Dept. of Education, parents, taxpayers and the business community.  Rejecting reform from the business community may be legitimate position, but rejecting all reform is not acceptable.As for not having any interest in the public schools, you are wrong once again.I have two high performing students going to this Districts low performing schools and I am a frequent volunteer for student programs cut by this school board.Replydoug porterJuly 23, 2010 at 10:26 amthe comment about the stock market going to new heights reflects the mantra that was being spread by the free market types. yes, pension boards bought into that all over the country, as did millions of Americans whove seen their 401ks wiped out. where did this projection come from? it certainly didnt start with any union board, leader or member. it came from these same smart business types whod have us believe that theyre now more qualified to run our schools.the best solution to our problems with education can only come from ALL the parties sitting down at the table and working together.   all this finger pointing will do nothing. blame the unions, blame management, blame the state and all you get is hostility. no kid comes out ahead in that process.citizens in San Francisco, a notoriously pro-union town, forced unheard of concessions from the teachers union that management never dreamed of achieving. why? because the parents took the lead and brought everybody to the table. that will never happen in an environment (like San Diego currently) where the solution is the elimination or neutering of any one of the players that are part of the process.the cost of living in San Diego and California is very high and that would tend to lead to higher pay in order to hire people. so, yes, teachers salaries are high. teacher salaries at San Diego Unified are the lowest of all school districts in the county, by the way.im glad to hear that youre not some cheeto munching basement troll, and i apologize for suggesting that you have no real interest in the matter. hopefully ill see you at one of the school board meetings in the future.  getting to deal with your kids school system in an upfront and personal manner is key towards improving the system.teachers, principals and administrators are real people, many of whom are passionate about education. categorizing them otherwise serves no purpose other than perpetuating the status quo.Replymr freshJuly 22, 2010 at 4:20 pmWOW.OB Town Council guest speaker from controversial San Diegans 4 Great Schools  July 28thThe OB Town Council will hold their regular monthly general meeting on Wednesday, July 28th, and its open to the public. The meeting begins at 7pm and is held at the Masonic Temple.During this meeting, the Town Council has a guest speaker by the name of Scott Himelstein, who is a representative of a controversial group, San Diegans 4 Great Schools  which we just reported on here.  The group is controversial because it has been meeting in secret for a year and has just emerged with a business-backed plan to change the make-up of the democratically elected San Diego School Board.  And undoubtedly, Himelstein will be discussing his groups proposals to circumvent the publics role in selecting the school board.ReplyAdrienneAugust 9, 2010 at 12:30 pmA guy just knocked on my door to talk about education before I kicked him out (I dont do door to door).  After he left I was thinking that maybe this oddball group has started door to door marketing?  Anyone else experience this?ReplyCancel reply Leave a CommentName *E-mail *WebsiteWant to be notified of follow-up comments by email? Click the box!Previous post: Theres jobs for only 1 out of 3 California teensNext post: Community Meeting on Recent Small Dog Deaths Tonight  July 22nd- at the OB Rec CenterFollow Us! Search the OB Rag Help Bring Back Terriers!Click the image to go to Clicker and vote for Terriers as Best TV Show Drama, maybe enough votes will convince FX to renew the show! You can also vote for Terriers in the Best Canceled Show  and Most Underrated  categories.WEEKLY OB RAG POLLWhat is the first step the Federal government should take to balance the budget and deal with the deficit?Raise taxes on the most wealthy Americans.Cut defense spending.Cut the Medicare government health insurance program for the elderly.Cut the Social Security retirement program.None of the above, or I don't know.View ResultsThe latest chatterErnie McCray on Leeches, Todays Date and the Photo of Charles Main  the Liberry Lady Answers Your QuestionsGreat article. I've always been amazed at the information librarians or Ms. Information have at their disposal as I've asked ...annagrace on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanWhat is even more pathetic Frank is that the U-T was pulling their reports from AP.  I don't know ...RB on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanI am already doing something.  I reject both the far right and the far left and extremest language and ...dave rice on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanI got into this same argument earlier today - sent you the pics that were used against me.  Two ...Andy Cohen on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanAnd that's just the point:  Without the right wing rhetoric, it's likely that this guy would have found another ...Andy Cohen on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanMSNBC was reporting the same thing, citing wire services, until they had an official from the hospital on the air ...dave rice on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanI'm kind of on board with Sarah's vague support of Goat's marginal support of Ian - my knee-jerk was to ...Jon on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a Congresswomanasshat. Recent Popular PostsExtreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a Congresswoman 37BREAKING NEWS: Arizona Congresswoman Who Supported Health Care Reform Shot 11Newly Formed PAC for Poor People Lobbies San Diego Politicians 16The Long Branch Torrey Pine Lives! 13Save a healthy Torrey Pine  Come to tonights Planning Board meeting. 12A Librarian With a Sunny Smile I Once Knew and Loved 12The fuss about Waiting for Superman 25A firecracker is not a fireworks show. 29Reflections on the OB Mystique 9Mayor Sanders says San Diego should subsidize stadium by selling sun 21Welcome to the OB Rag  Ocean Beach & Beyond This Blog has been initiated to ply the Ocean Beach community and the San Diego scene with news and commentary from a distinctively progressive and grassroots perspective, and to provide a forum for those views. Others with similar views are invited to contribute and participate. More about us...Support the OB Rag Blog! Purchase old copies - 20% off  Help the OB Rag blog stay online by donating to buy 30-35 year old issues of the original OB Rag, Ocean Beach's infamous and iconic counterculture, underground newspaper; limited numbers are available for purchase!SPECIAL!! Save $5 on an OB Rag T-Shirt and help our website pay for itself The "OB Rag" design logo is in four colors, and on quality shirts printed up by James Gang Graphics. $15 for shirt (originally $20) plus $3 for shipping. Either send check or money order to OB Rag, PO Box 7012, San Diego, CA 92167 - or order through PayPal. Make sure to select your size before clicking "BUY NOW"  - Sorry, we are out of EXTRA-LargeSizesSmall $15.00Medium $15.00Large $15.00People Are Not Bums Buy a 'Compassion' Sticker and Help the Homeless in Ocean BeachTo order a sticker, please go to the Regional Task Force on the Homeless web site. Stickers cost only $3.50 each (including shipping and handling). You can also pick them up at the Task Force office for $2.50. All sticker proceeds will go to homeless services in Ocean Beach.Background Stuff ArchivesLinksSpecial FriendsAbout the OB Rag blogComment Policy1st OB Rag HistoryOB Under SiegeOB RespondsSummer 1970The First CircleCollier ParkNew BloodThe Rag Once AgainIn Full SwingThe Rag MaturesThe Early PoliticsPie ShopNumber 10, Summer 1984Number 11, November 1984ContactLettersOld Rags ScannedIssues of the Original OB Rag Available For A Donation to the Blog- 20% OFFVol. 1 No. 13  late April 1971Vol. 1, No. 7, Dec. 1970Vol. 1 No. 14, May-June 1971Vol. 1, No. 17, July 1971Vol. 7, No. 2, Oct. 2002Vol. 1, No. 16  late June  early July 1971Vol. 7, No. 3, May 2003Vol. 2, No. 5, January 1972Vol. 2, No. 8, March 1972Our SponsorsThe Staff Box Andy CohenAnna DanielsAnnie LaneBrenda McFarlaneDan MoralesDave RiceDoug PorterEdwin DeckerErnie McCrayFrank and PattyFrank GormlieGary GilmoreJon CarrJudi CurryLane TobiasMichael SteinbergOB CindiPatty JonesShane FinneranSunshineWireless MikeSupport the OB Rag with PayPal! For the price of a Mocha Chip Frappaccino latte, you can keep us alive for another day!Archives  Select Month  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009  November 2009  October 2009  September 2009  August 2009  July 2009  June 2009  May 2009  April 2009  March 2009  February 2009  January 2009  December 2008  November 2008  October 2008  September 2008  August 2008  July 2008  June 2008  May 2008  April 2008  March 2008  February 2008  January 2008  December 2007  November 2007  October 2007 Those Button Thingies Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes.WordPress Admin