User talk:slakr - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaUser talk:slakrFrom Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaJump to: navigation,searchslakr's life is currently frolicking with chaos, so his activity and response times to queries will be highly variable.Leave a message and he will respond whenever he gets a chance that is, assuming he gets a chance. Cheers =)zOMG!!! I need urgent assistance!!!1!!  banana?  kiwi? Ideally, please use this link to post new messages at the bottom. If you can't find something you recently posted, I might have moved it down there or it could have been archived if you posted it over 7 days ago. Cheers:)Welcome to my talk page. Please sign your entries by inserting ~~~~ at the end.Click here to start a new talk topicFrequently Asked Questions (FAQ)Regarding slakr:Why did my page get deleted?Please see Wikipedia:Why was my page deleted? first.I have no idea what you're talking about. What's vandalism?If you received a warning from me and you're not logged in, you might have gotten an old warning I sent to someone who shares your IP address. On the other hand, if you've made recent edits and received a recent warning message from me and you genuinely believe that it's not vandalism, don't fret-- simply drop me a message below, because I could have simply made a silly mistake.:)Regarding SineBot:Why does SineBot keep signing stuff I've already signed?All comments should have a signature that includes both a link to your user page (slakr) and a datestamp (05:12, 20 August 2007 (UTC)) (per signatures - internal links). This is most easily generated by placing four tildes (~~~~) at the end of your contributions, which makes something like "slakr 05:12, 20 August 2007 (UTC)". If you're still having problems after trying that, post a message below. Be sure to include diffs to make sure I can reference the problem.I don't want my comments signed by SineBot. How do I get it to ignore me or my talk page?Please use one of the opt-out methods listed on its user page.SineBot forgot to sign something it should have signed.Usually this happens because the bot isn't sure if it really should sign something, so it defaults to not signing it (e.g., in cases of complex edits). It does this to avoid being annoying. Other times, a comment might be made when the bot is down for maintenance, so the bot simply never sees it.SineBot signed something that it genuinely should not have signed.Please let me know-- especially if you think it's not a one-time thing. Be sure to include diffs to make sure I can reference the problem.Is SineBot's source code available?Not currently.I'm signing with four tildes (~~~~) but it's still saying I didn't!You likely enabled raw signatures. Open your preferences, click the "User profile" tab, make sure that "Treat the above as wiki markup" is NOT checked, and click Save; it should be fixed.ArchivesArchive 1Archive 2Archive 3Archive 4Archive 5Archive 6Archive 7Archive 8Archive 9Archive 10Archive 11Archive 12Archive 13Archive 14Archive 15Contents1 DYK rules change2 Top Priority: Error/Bug3 KLAS Enterprises, LLC4 Dispute with User:Charles regarding Battle of Corunna page5 im a newb6 ProcseeBot stopped in december7 Why?8 Thank you for SineBot9 Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Jared Lee Loughner10 Deletion review for Jared Lee LoughnerHey sorry but i don't know what a tilde is, in spanish a tilde is an accent, since my keyboard is in spanish i don't know where to find that symbol, and you guys delete my posts for something as ridiculous as that? so my opinion isn't valid because i don't have a freaking tilde? Preceding unsigned comment added by 196.40.61.7 (talk) 04:31, 6 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] DYK rules changeHi Slakr. I noticed you changed the DYK rules change template. I'm not sure if you've been following the discussion at WT:DYK over the past couple of months, but reviewing another nomination is now one of the requirements along with the existing requirements regarding article length, creation date, etc., so the change you made was not quite accurate. Perhaps we can work out a phrasing that's less "demanding" while still being clear that the requirement exists? 28bytes (talk) 04:46, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Somebody was complaining about the wording being too harsh in #wikipedia-en-help, and I agreed with their complaint. Consider: we avoid using that kind of language on any guideline/policy page, because they're exactly thatguidelines and policies that, technically speaking, can be ignored if the situation permits. Granted, I'm not involved in DYK at all, but again, it's a sort of lax-rules-throughout-the-community sort of thing. On top of that, psychologically it's usually ideal that people think they have a choice when following a rule if you want them to follow it in order to avoid psychological reactanceespecially amongst people who would otherwise happily follow the rule (i.e., DYK regulars). That said, if you truly believe that the wording should be harsher, I won't interfere should you/others decide to change it back. --slakr\talk/ 04:53, 3 January 2011 (UTC)It's not intended to be harsh (although it may have come across that way), just intended to give folks a heads-up to a new nomination requirement. I'll play around with the wording a bit and see if I can get the heads-up across in a more friendly way. Thanks, 28bytes (talk) 04:58, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Yeah, I mean, it's really just a suggestion. Now that I'm thinking about it, though, we don't have anything else similar to a participation requirement anywhere else in the community (that I know of), so DYK would be the first place such a requirement would be enacted. --slakr\talk/ 05:02, 3 January 2011 (UTC)I rewrote it to (I hope) be more friendly. Let me know what you think. The requirement itself is one of the few DYK proposals (out of something like 20) in the past year on WT:DYK that actually got near-unanimous consensus to implement. With WikiCup kicking off January 1, it will be interesting to see if this helps us keep ahead of the nominations and be able to get them reviewed quickly. Nothing's more irritating to a nominator than having their nomination languish unreviewed for weeks, and then someone finds a serious problem with it. Hopefully we'll be able to cut down on that with the new requirement. 28bytes (talk) 05:19, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Yeah, I mean, for competitions and stuff, make whatever rules you want; people don't have to participate in the competition to create content anyway.:P I'm just saying that when it comes to the wording of any "rule," people who want to follow the rules will more likely follow them when they're given the much-less-favored and much-less-popular option of not following them, as well. This particularly applies to those targeted by the rulethat is, DYK veterans. When presented the choice of either helping to review or not posting DYKs (i.e., an absolute rule), there is a significant danger that they'll actually choose the latter and not post a DYK if they simply don't like to review or don't feel like reviewing DYKs on a given day. Furthermore, for those who are more "content creators" than "content reviewers," a creator will be more likely to give a sub-standard review just to meet the minimum requirements of the rule. If, on the other hand, you encourage them to choose to help by reviewing (i.e., not force them to) by using strongly suggestive language that it's a community norm, then they'll be more likely to take it upon themselves as content creators to help in the review process, but they won't ever have to truly make the choice between creating and reviewing. Furthermore, in instances where they have a small about of time, either to review or create, they're still able to create without worrying that their creation will be discarded on the technicality of having not submitted a review.You can apply the same logic to other areas of Wikipedia. We don't force article creators to review afds before creating new articles, nor do we force people to participate in featured/good article reviews before creating/nominating featured/good articles. We encourage people to be bold in creating things, and then engage in the review process if there's disagreement. In particular, this is our way of trying to avoid the 1% rule and keep content flowing. The trend also extends to real life: we don't force people to be film critics before creating films, for example. As a general rule of thumb, you can always find plenty of critics, while finding good creators tends to be much more in demand, so bright-line rules (and wording suggesting them) that aim to increase review at the cost of decreasing creation should be very carefully considered and reviewed in order to ensure that neither creation nor review suffers too significantly as a consequence.That said, this is just my $0.02.:P--slakr\talk/ 10:45, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Very well put, and I can't say I disagree with any of that. Interestingly, "decreasing creation", or more accurately finding some way of decreasing the inflow of nominations, was one of the things proposed to deal with the review backlogs, although (fortunately, IMO) that one didn't gain consensus. Though as you say, fewer nominations may be a side effect of the quid-pro-quo requirement; I hope it won't be a big one. 28bytes (talk) 17:14, 3 January 2011 (UTC)I was the complaining editor on IRC:) and I think the wording as it is now is much better, less "you must must must", more friendly to the "volunteer" idea. I don't know exactly how this will be enforced (if I wrote 5 DYKs in 2007 and left for three years, do I need to review one? How would anyone know how many DYKs I have? Is a single hook with five articles one credit or five? etc.) but I think a little leniency if someone is unable to review another nom and assuming good faith that most users will help review hooks is good. Thanks both, /ETCHCOMMS/ 21:25, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Thanks. Yeah, I think you and slakr are both right that the original text was a little... dictatorial. As for the nuts and bolts of implementation... there have been some lengthy discussions that touched on those questions, and the consensus was to allow hook-for-hook reviewing, i.e. even if you self-nominate six articles wrapped up in one hook, you'd still qualify by reviewing a single-article hook. I think there were about four tied straw polls before that finally got settled. I think most of the DYK'ers are going to be pretty lenient about it anyway, because even if only half of the nominators actually provide a useful review, that will still be a great ease on the reviewing burden, and those of us who review more than we nominate can easily pick up the slack. 28bytes (talk) 22:03, 3 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] Top Priority: Error/BugIF YOU ARE NOT THE OWNER OF SINEBOT, THEN PLEASE ERASE THIS MESSAGE NOW. IF YOU ARE THE OWNER OF SINEBOT, THEN SINEBOT SAID, "YOU MUST SIGN YOUR COMMENTS/EDITS WITH FOUR TILDES BY TYPING A SIGNATURE IN THE EDIT BOX." I DO NOT KNOW WHICH 'EDIT BOX', THEREFORE I WILL NOT AND SHALL NOT SIGN. IF I ABSOLUTELY POSITIVELY NEED TO SIGN (LIKE THE WORLD IS, WILL, AND SHALL, END), THEN PLEASE OPEN AN ARTICLE TITLED 'How to sign username' IMMEDIATELY IF YOU ARE AN ADMINISTRATOR, OR REDIRECT ME TO A LINK OR SITE THAT HAS A SIMILAR OR SUCH NAME OR SITE IF YOU ARE NOT AN ADMINISTRATOR. PLEASE HELP IMMEDIATELY. Preceding unsigned comment added by 71.146.14.81 (talk) 06:56, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Okay, let me make a few things perfectly clear:I don't get paid for this; I'm a volunteer. This is a non-profit organization. Therefore I decide what's top priority when it comes to the things I create in my spare time. Millions of other people, including me, give you the same respect, tooyou just don't realize it. After all, we don't come to your happy place and tell you how to spend your time, so please extend the same courtesy when it comes to me.When visiting the happy places of others, you have two choices: abide by their rules and their guidelines or don't. If you choose not to follow their rules, you'll likely be asked to leave. Granted, in certain situations, it is absolutely necessary to ignore those rules and guidelines, but for the rest of the time, including this particular situation, they should be followed, mainly because the people that live in the house say they should be followed. For example, if you go to a friend's house and one of their house rules requires that you "leave your shoes on the table," then you have two choices: leave your shoes on the table or don't enter the house. If you can't figure out what the "table" is or what "shoes" are, then either you will choose to learn new vocabulary words or you will find yourself outside of the house by chain of events.On the internet, typing in ALL CAPS is the same thing as shouting in real life. What you just did is akin to entering a complete stranger's apartment and shoutingin their face and at the top of your lungsthat you have an ultimatum: either they tell you what "tables" and "shoes" are by creating a plaque on the wall detailing the definition or you'll force your way into their house anywayrules be damned.Everything you want to know about signing is already in the signatures guideline (the "plaque" you demanded), as you were informed by the bot's message.Judging by your general approach, to avoid being asked to leave in the future, please familiarize yourself with Wikipedia's policies and guidelines, particularly the civility guideline. Also, when posting messages on talk pages, you should get in the habit of posting them at the bottom of the pageregardless of how important you think it isand you should avoid editing the comments of others. It's a "house guideline" of ours.Hope that helps.--slakr\talk/ 09:44, 3 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] KLAS Enterprises, LLCExcuse me, Slakr, but you are wrong. I created a stub for this company that is referred to elsewhere in the Wikipedia (did you bother to check the links?) with the intent to get back to it later and flesh it out, and you speedy-deleted it. Your remark that it was "blatant advertising" is way off. This is an important company doing extremely valuable research. I have no affiliation or personal stake in this company, just happen to know about their work. I have been a contributor to the Wikipedia for some six and a half years, have made thousands of contributions and have created many articles. I urge you to undelete the article and give me a chance to get back to it and add more information. Pasquale (talk) 15:14, 5 January 2011 (UTC)If I may quote from Wikipedia:Criteria for speedy deletion: "Administrators should take care not to speedy delete pages or media except in the most obvious cases. If a page has survived a prior deletion discussion, it should not be speedy deleted except for newly discovered copyright violations. Contributors sometimes create pages over several edits, so administrators should avoid deleting a page that appears incomplete too soon after its creation." Pasquale (talk) 18:52, 5 January 2011 (UTC)I don't mean to cause any offense by criticismthat's the last thing I'd ever want to do to someonebut frankly put, it was unquestionably written like an ad, and it unquestionably fell under G11 due to the lack of any viable edit history to which to recover it. Numerous people agreed, and there was even a concern of copyright infringement from this page, placing it under G12 as well. If I undelete it, it would still be subject to being speedily deleted per G11 or G12, because it was so irrecoverably written like an ad and was a complete, blatant copyright violation derived from marketing materials, which is probably the reason it was so irrecoverably written like an ad. Feel free to request deletion review if you still feel my and Nakon(talk contribs)'s actions were incorrect. --slakr\talk/ 20:26, 6 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] Dispute with User:Charles regarding Battle of Corunna pageDear sklar,last week, you were approached by User:Kansas_Bear regarding his belief that I was engaging him in edit warring regarding my revisions to the Battle of Corunna page. In reply, you pointed out to him that I had not been warned earlier of what edit-warring was (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_talk:Schpinbo). As a newer editor to Wikipedia acting in good faith, I was not conversant with this rule; I hope you will agree that since that warning, I have refrained from edit-warring. If I have not, please let me know how I may still be continuing to err, and I will happily alter my behavior further.The grounds upon which User:Kansas_Bear, in collaboration with User:Charles, have sought to undo my edits have been varied. For User:Kansas_Bear, the issue was the reliability of courses. He demonstrated that references used on Wikipedia should be published by reliable print sources, rather than web-based. I acceded to his points and have now provided that additional citation (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Battle_of_Corunna#British_Victory). User:Charles seems to believe that, because he disagrees with my POV regarding the history of the battle in question, he has the right to undo my edits. I have sought to address their complaints on both fronts. They have sought to undo my revisions, accusing me of disruptive editing, when it is I who have worked to address their concerns.User:Charles has today seen fit to yet again revise one of my edits (http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Battle_of_Corunna&action=history). When I removed a "reliability tag" that had been installed by User:Kansas_Bear, because his question about the reliability of sources had been addressed, User:Charles undid this revision, claiming "like hell it has." Sklar, may I ask you for your opinion on this matter? First, I find it puzzling that User:Charles, whose concern was not with reliability but with a POV issue, is now acting to support User:Kansas_Bear's concerns. User:Charles has yet to address the substance of my latest rejoinder to him regarding whether the battle in question can be regarded as a strategic victory for the French. Providing for the fact that History is a matter of interpretation and that interpretations differ among historians, I believe I have introduced compelling evidence that shows scholarly judgment backing my POV. I can find no reason for his posture on this score other than he will not allow for a POV other than his own. His latest edit of the Battle of Corunna page shows, I beleive, that he has no interest in seeking consensus or cooperation in the editing process (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:CONSENSUS). User:Charles continues to act, in my view, like a "vested contributor", supposing it is his prerogative to simply reverse my edits without engaging in discussion with me (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:No_vested_contributors). His latest "warning" on my talk page is, in my view, an attempt to silence me because he does not like my POV.May I ask you to weigh in on this issue?yours truly, Schpinbo (talk) 14:51, 6 January 2011 (UTC)a quick update. User:Charles is now accusing me of "bullying" him (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_talk:Charlesdrakew#Not_again.2C_Charles_..._really.3F). I find it dismaying and disheartening that rather than engage me regarding the intellectual merits of the issue and seek to resolve it, he resorts to accusations. Yours, Schpinbo (talk) 14:58, 6 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] im a newbi have 2 images i must upload but cantshow me step by step how? Please? If you can't I understand. Deathsculler (talk) Preceding undated comment added 21:59, 6 January 2011 (UTC).[edit] ProcseeBot stopped in decemberHi, ProcseeBot hasn't blocked anything since mid-december ([1]), is it broken or shutdown? --Harriv (talk) 16:34, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Oh wow, I'm retarded. Apparently when I was moving things over to a new box I forgot to re-enable the scanner. I'll be back to normal now.:P Cheers =) --slakr\talk/ 05:49, 9 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] Why?Why have you Unprotected my talk page? It was protected indef for very good reasons.DocOfSoc (talk) 12:05, 9 January 2011 (UTC)I've re-protected it, as I'm familiar with the reasons for which it was protected in the first place. --SarekOfVulcan (talk) 20:35, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Ermm... sorry, I guess I'll leave it protected? Did I miss where someone's still attacking you? Did they return after the page was unprotected? Thing is, we almost never indefinitely protect user talk pages, which is why I unprotected itI thought it'd be obviously uncontroversial. Furthermore, since you've been involving yourself in edit wars (which brought me to your talk page in the first place to investigate), it made sense that allowing other users to contact you regarding your edits would help foster dispute resolution. --slakr\talk/ 00:06, 10 January 2011 (UTC)Dear Slakr, I have been the recipient of a very, very long ongoing attack by former editor SkagitRiverQueen and her innumerable sockpuppets (last count, I believe, was 60ish). Every time my account is unprotected, she continues her attacks. I get emails from her to remind me she is watching me. The woman has Aspergers, (she outed herself at ANI), and is obsessed with me, hence the indef. Additionally, I do not intentionally engage in edit wars. Yes, I goofed the other nite when I should have been in bed (duh) and received the warning I deserved. That is not my normal behavior and I would appreciate it if you not infer that it is. BTW, the person that reported me to ANI was not even involved in the exchange, and is now engaged in WikiBullying, I must have a target painted on my you Know what:-D I have read your page and you have a great sense of humor, my kind of person! (I have children older than you, and their friends say I am very cool! LOL) I hope we can go forward amicably with "Wikilove" .;-) I would rather have you with me than "agin" me! With all sincerity, DocOfSoc (talk) 01:07, 10 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] Thank you for SineBotSeveral weeks ago (approximately), my User name turned red. I don't know what I did but obviously it was something wrong. Today I received a very respectful two-tilde message from SineBot reminding me to sign messages with four tildes. I have been doing that but they were not being recognized. I continued reading at your User Page and you mentioned a box that should be left unchecked. I looked at My preferences and it was checked. I unchecked it and now my User name is blue. Thank you and thank SineBot. Respectfully Tiyang (talk) 23:49, 9 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Jared Lee LoughnerPlease re-list this AfD. As the AfD was only open for less than half a day and there were several "keep" votes citing WP:BLP1E as their reason, this was not a candidate for Speedy redirect per WP:BLP1E. --Oakshade (talk) 02:33, 10 January 2011 (UTC)I believe that there were enough decenters to deletion to keep the AFD open for more than just a few hours. I thought AFD was a week?--Jojhutton (talk) 02:36, 10 January 2011 (UTC)The biographies of living persons policy is there to protect otherwise private individuals from being harmed by Wikipedia. "Suspects" are generally not notable, and it's a direct danger to the suspect's reputation to attach a crime to the suspect until he is found guilty of the crime, which is part of the basis for one-event notability in the first place. --slakr\talk/ 02:41, 10 January 2011 (UTC)That is your opinion and if you feel that way, then you should say so on the page, rather than close an AFD after less than three hours. There were plenty of keep comments on that page and there were several in the last half hour alone. Given its full time, there would most likely have been even more, but I guess we'll never know now will we.--Jojhutton (talk) 02:48, 10 January 2011 (UTC)It was kept and redirected. I closed the AFD because it will be redirected. You're free to reverse it or re-open it if you truly believe it should be run its full course and that it wasn't obvious that consensus was that it would be redirectedthat's the reason it was speedily closed, and it's not binding. --slakr\talk/ 02:57, 10 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] Deletion review for Jared Lee LoughnerAn editor has asked for a deletion review of Jared Lee Loughner. Because you closed the deletion discussion for this page, speedily deleted it, or otherwise were interested in the page, you might want to participate in the deletion review.You don't need to DRV it; if it's not obvious that it should have been speedily closed and that consensus was not obvious that it'd be redirected, reverse it. --slakr\talk/ 02:58, 10 January 2011 (UTC)Retrieved from "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_talk:Slakr"Categories: Wikipedia administrators Personal toolsLog in / create accountNamespacesUser pageDiscussionVariantsViewsReadEditNew sectionView historyActionsSearchNavigationMain pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaInteractionHelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact WikipediaToolboxWhat links hereRelated changesUser contributionsLogsUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPrint/exportCreate a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version  This page was last modified on 10 January 2011 at 02:58.Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;additional terms may apply.See Terms of Use for details.Wikipedia is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.Contact usPrivacy policyAbout WikipediaDisclaimers