A Humane Method of Killing Animals for MeatHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPets and AnimalsAnimal Rights and WelfareHumane Treatment of AnimalsA Humane Method of Killing Animals for MeatA Humane Method of Killing Animals for Meat84rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy habeecruelty to animalsIm not a vegetarian. I eat meat. In fact, I used to be married to a cattle and hog producer. I think God put animals here for our use, but not for our abuse. I hate the way most meat animals are treated. Many are kept in tiny cages or small pens, and they never have any quality of life. Our animals werent treated this way. I guess ours were what would now be referred to as free range. Our livestock, however, was free range before the term became popular. Most meat animals in the South raised on family farms are still free range. We dont have many of the huge feed lots like the Midwest does. This, however, has already been discussed in other hubs. Today I want to focus on the actual killing of the abused animals. I also want to suggest a way to save the animals from a cruel death.Cruelty to animalsIf youve never visited the business end of a slaughterhouse, youd most likely be shocked by what you saw. Ive been in several and have seen videos of numerous others. Most slaughterhouses do not even attempt to kill the animals in a humane manner. Theyre often beaten, kicked, and shocked with electric prods as theyre forced into the chutes. This is a clear example of cruelty to animals.More cruelty to animalsHow are the animals killed? Some of it depends on the individual slaughterhouse, but cows and pigs are usually stunned with a powerful electrical shock. The abused animals are then hung upside down by either one or both hind legs, and their throats are cut. This allows the animals to bleed out. Supposedly, the animal is dead before its sent to the meat butcher, but this isnt always the case. Animals are sometimes skinned, gutted, or dismembered while theyre still alive. Hogs are sometimes boiled alive. The slaughtering process is done so quickly that line workers and the meat butcher dont always wait for the animals to be dead before they start hacking them up.Another method of slaughter is the captive-bolt pistol. With this method, a heavy metal rod is shot into the animals forehead to render it unconscious. This was pretty quick and effective, but after the mad cow disease scare, the penetrating captive-bolt gun was largely discontinued. Since the rod actually penetrated the brain, brain tissue infected with bovine spongiform encephalopathy (mad cow disease) could infect other tissues once it was hit with the steel rod. Now, unfortunately, a less effective type of captive-bolt gun is used  the non-penetrating gun. This type of stunner uses a mushroom-shaped rod to deliver a powerful blow to the animals forehead, but it doesnt penetrate. As a result, animals are not always rendered unconscious. And even those that are sometimes dont remain unconscious for very long. Animals with thick hair and thick skulls are especially immune to unconsciousness from a non-penetrating captive-bolt pistol. These poor abused animals have to suffer the tortures of the slaughter process while fully aware of whats going on.Kosher meat and halal meatEven worse are the slaughter practices in some religions. According to kashrut (Jewish) and halal (Muslim) religious laws, the animals cannot be stunned at all. They have to be conscious at the point of death, when their carotid artery is cut. I totally do not understand the reasoning behind this! It doesnt seem like kosher meat should be obtained this way. We usually think of kosher being a positive term. This isnt the case with kosher meat, however.Save the animals from tortureThere just has to be a better, more humane way! Cant we save the animals we eat from an agonizing death? Why cant animals meant for human consumption be euthanized? Im not a scientist, a doctor, or a biologist, so I have no idea whether or not lethal doses of drugs would affect the muscle tissue of the animal and be harmful to humans. But what about carbon monoxide? Would animals killed by carbon monoxide inhalation be safe for humans to consume?Okay, lets just say for now that meat from a cow or pig killed by carbon monoxide or drugs is perfectly safe for the dinner table. The process would be much slower for the meat butcher, which means that the meat would be more expensive for packers to obtain and more expensive for consumers in the grocery stores. So what? Id be willing to pay a little more for meat if it meant that the animals didnt have to suffer the cruel practices of the typical slaughter house. And I know that Im not alone here.According to Gandhi, The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated. If thats the case, my fellow Americans, were a country of barbarians! The end result of abused animals.More about cruelty to animals and animal welfare:Animal Rescue: How I Got Thrown Out of a 7-11I want you to understand that I'm a sane, reasonable person. I'm not some blathering, hot-headed idiot. In fact, I could even be called polite. Patient, even. I taught high school seniors for years, and...The Ugly Truth About Unwanted HorsesUnwanted horses are becoming an epidemic in the U.S. Even people who honestly love their horses are sometimes not able to keep them. Equines are expensive to feed, house, and care for. And since theyre...Hunting and Animal Cruelty: The Good and the BadA happy, well-fed whitetail deer. This article is really meant for meat eaters only. If you're a vegan, I respect your views, but I already know your feelings on the issue. This article was chiefly written...The Truth About Pit Bulls and Dog FightingDog fighting Dog fighting is a major problem all across the United States. Many people think the problem is confined to urban black youth of large cities, but the fact is that dog fighting is also popular...The Truth About Foie Gras My first experience with foie gras was on a cruise to the Bahamas. My husband, Johnny, ordered beef Wellington for dinner the first night on the ship. I knew what was in the dish, but he didnt. I...The Truth About VealDo you enjoy eating veal? What do you really know about it? I dont eat veal because Ive seen firsthand how these calves are treated. Its a deplorable practice, and when you see it in person, it has...vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (12)Funny (2)Awesome (4)Beautiful (1)CommentsRicky G5 months ago The best way that I've found is a bullet to the right place in the brain, but they don't want bullet fragments in any of the animal.  Not an easy solution.Sally's Trove5 months ago We are a country of barbarians in this regard, with that I agree. Fortunately some are standing up and making a difference in feedyard and slaughterhouse processes, Temple Grandin for one. I'm sure you know of her, Holle. I mention her here because hers is an important voice in how animals destined for slaughter can be raised and killed humanely.Rated up and useful. Not enough can be said on this topic.Pamela995 months ago Habee, I agree that the cruelty is unnecessary and all those hormones kick in when thy know they are headed into the slaughter house which you get when you eat the meat also.  It is disgusting the way animals are handled.  As Sally stated this whole thing can be done humanely.Kaie Arwen5 months ago Habee- I recently watched the documentary Food Inc. What an eye opener that was...... inhumane isn't the word for what I saw in that film. I am not a vegetarian, but I'm not a big meat eater either. What I can say is that I will be looking more and more about how that meat is cared for. I was for lack of words "sickened." This was an interesting and important issue. Thank you for tackling it! Kaiehabee5 months ago Ricky, as a cattle producer, I'm glad you weighed in on this. A bullet would act in much the same way as the penetrating captive-bolt gun - quick and practically painless.How ya been?habee5 months ago Sherri, I'm familiar with Temple's work. We need more people taking a stand!habee5 months ago Right, Pam. I hadn't thought about the hormones. Ugh.habee5 months ago Kaie, I haven't watched Food, Inc, but I did watch Earthlings. It made me cry, and it still haunts me. The animal cruelty portrayed is unbelievable.RunAbstract5 months ago This is a wonderful, compassionate article.  I am so very picky about the meat I buy, bloodiness, packaging, freshness, and so forth.  But I hadn't realized this terrible mistreatment was going on!Thank you so much for educating me about this abuse toward meat animals.  Now I will be even picker!  Probably finding a local butcher, rather than buying from "big business" chain stores.Great work!ralwus4 months ago Holle, it isn't really any worse than some hunting practices. I do not condone abuse in any form, unless it is the burning of spiders.Hello, hello,4 months ago On my grandfather's farm they also shot them.  I thought they still do it.  Thank you for your hub.  A real eye opener.Springboard4 months ago Excellent hub, and an even more excellent point. It's something I have always struggled with, being one who doesn't even have the heart to hunt an animal. You raise some very interesting questions about what the alternatives might beand I too wonder about the effect of drugs or carbon monoxide, what that might do to the meat.The words "humane" and "kill" are very difficult to put together in a way that makes sense. Still, I think SOMEONE needs to come up with a better idea. Sort of like the "organic" movement, or "free range chickens." We come up with all kind of new ways to communicate and live our lives...Why can't we also come up with a better way to bring our meat to the table?2besure4 months ago This troubles me to no end.  To the point I have often considered becoming vegetarian.  Why don't they get it?  Animals have feelings and emotions. How we treat animals tell alot about us as people.  Harris Teeter Supermarket only uses meat from humane farms.ethel smith4 months ago I'm with you Habee. If there is any sort of God out there perhaps those that are cruel will be reborn as a pig etc. That would be justice.Would you write a hub about animals that are killed cruelly so that their skins are intact? I am thinking about animals that have been killed for their fur. So that the fur is not damaged they suffer all sorts of deaths including a red hot poker up their back sides. Dreadful.KFlippin4 months ago I really thought that 'kosher' and 'halal' was somehow meat from animals treated more humanely than others, thanks for the enlightenment. A cow can smell the blood of their own kind injured or dying, so a kosher and halal facility must be pretty stressful.It is hard to actually stop and visualize how an animal dies, it does make you think twice about eating meat. I saw it once, the zapping gun, on a college campus, the animal didn't go completely out, they had to do it again, and I had to leave, just get the heck away from the 'demonstration'.At the same time, I remember one of my grandmothers catching a chicken in the yard and ringing it's neck and chopping its head off on the block, etc... and remember how much we all loved her fried chicken.I think it all gets back to honoring the animal, particularly the cow.  They were so honored in days gone by, cared well for prior to killing, like you describe goes on still in the south on many farms.Portable slaughterhouses may be part of the answer, so animals don't have to endure any time in a feedlot or mass slaughter facility. There ought to be a more humane method in this modern day and time.  They are injected with so much prior to slaughter, you'd think there was something we could inject that would stop their heart without pain, some kind of simple vitamin OD or something, that wouldn't as well hurt humans who consume.akirchner4 months ago I won't even joke about them dying of natural causes.  I do think the way that we raise our meat, etc. is disgusting.  We passed mile after mile of penned cows through Idaho on our way to Wyoming and it made me sick.I have to say at least here in Prinetucky, everything is free range - in fact they turn several hundred head of cattle out in the wetlands just behind our house to chomp down the grass, etc. and we get the 'benefit' of their company for months on end.  My dogs are still trying to figure out what kind of dog they are!Good article and voted up - cruelty on any level is just that - mean and unnecessary.50 Caliber4 months ago Holle, a great hub, and I'll be reading more off your list. I raise my chickens, and hunt all of my other meat, Elk, Deer, Antelope, Javalina, Russian bore, rabbits, squirrels, fish and more. I do buy fresh sea food as there is not much way to get it otherwise here in the desert. Many disapprove of hunting, but in real time as man continues to take habitat, herds must be managed. A Doe has a fawn her first year and subsequent years often twins and sometimes triplets, I have seen literally 100s of deer in a power line or gas line clearing trying to dig food from the snow. Allowing over population and starvation is worse than a fast kill. If the shot is questionable as to effectiveness, I pass on the shot. I pass on the first animal every trip, I feel if you don't see the second, there is probably not enough to worry about and I change areas the second morning. I'm not supporting instant grown chicken farms or any other mass produced animal. As the population grows and the demand increases I doubt we see any improvement in the way things are done. I surely don't want a piece of pork that was rendered from a hog that was terrified at death, simply due to the hormones and adrenalin pumping through it's veins, 50Wife Who Saves4 months ago This hub needs to be front page so everyone can put pressure on Congress to pass slaughterhouse regulations. I stopped eating veal several years ago when I read that the animals are in pain from being tightly chained so they can never stand or move starting a few hours after birth.Deborah Demander4 months ago I have read that treating animals humanely while they are alive, and killing them with a humane method makes the meat taste better. I know it would make me feel better about the whole process.Unfortunately, money governs the process, rather than humanity. Most people want to pay the least amount, regardless of the condition of the animal.Namaste.Scribenet4 months ago Habee, a good hub, but hard to read because of the subject matter.I agree that a more humane method should be found. Mass meat production isn't pretty. On a grassroots level, we can curtail the amount of meat we eat and perhaps buy local to encourage more responsible animal husbandry by people who care about the animals they raise for meat! Just a thought.Pollyannalana4 months ago I think all this is turning me vegetarian, really even growing up I could not eat meat if I saw it raw. lolPollyTraqqer4 months ago I'm not a vegetarian either and agree that livestock should be killed as humanely as possible. Thanks for sharing.bojanglesk84 months ago I found this Hub entertaining.sandieganliz4 months ago Hi, I participate in the consumption of industrialized meat, unfortunately, because I live on a tight budget. I have been aware of these types of inhumane killings, including tightly-closed quarters for chickens and the force used to test on all kinds of animals...for the past 15 years. I went vegetarian and vegan to protest, but sacrificied my health due to limited fast-food options mixed with a fast teenage life.... When I read *The Ominvore's Dillema* for a college-English class, I wrote a paper stating the FDA should regulate the industry better to ensure we are not overly-consuming hormones, our food is healthy, and animals are treated and slaughtered in a more humane way. Unfortunately, my professor gave me a poor grade on the paper, so I dropped the subject. Darn!Other than that, the U.S. has always been a bit barbaric, in my opinion!!MartieCoetser4 months ago Oh this is shocking! Every time I pass a truck with animals on their way to the slaughterhouse I feel terribly sad and guilty. What if they know they are going to get killed? Whatever is dead is another ones bread  to live one has to kill - this is horrible facts of life. I was 9 when I saw how a sheep was killed. Throat cut and the sheep bleed until he died.  For many months I was not able to eat meat, but eventually my father convinced me to be thankful instead of fussy. Great hub, habee!habee4 months ago Charlie, when done by a responsible hunter, hunting is the most humane way of harvesting animals for human consumption. A free life and a quick death are far superior to a life of misery and a torturous demise.I hate torture, too - I wouldn't even burn a spider!habee4 months ago Yes, run, it's true. Sad, though.habee4 months ago HH, a quick bullet is far better than the slaughterhouse!habee4 months ago Hi, Jim. I guess "humane" is a relative term when used with "killing." some methods are far more humane than others.habee4 months ago 2b, thanks for that info about Harris Teeter. Unfortunately, we don't have any around here.Sufidreamer4 months ago Great Hub, HabeeMy Granddad was a farmer and believed that if you raise an animal for slaughter, you have the duty to give it a good life and slaughter it quickly and as painlessly as possible.One nice trend that I have noticed recently is that the whole vegetarian/meat-eater debate is becoming much less of an us vs them situation.This type of hub shows that we have a lot of common ground where we can work together :)Excellent work!habee4 months ago Eth, I saw a video about the fur trade, and it made me sick - literally. I would never wear real fur!habee4 months ago K, I've never considered portable units. That might be a good alternative!habee4 months ago Buckie, most of the farm animals down here are free range, too - except for the poor chickens.habee4 months ago 50, I agree. Hunting is both necessary and more humane than slaughterhouses!habee4 months ago Thanks, Wife. I have a hub about veal!habee4 months ago True, Deborah. why does it always have to be about profit??habee4 months ago Scribe, those are great ideas that might just curtail some animal cruelty!habee4 months ago Polly - I was the same way as a kid!habee4 months ago Traqqer, thanks for reading!habee4 months ago Thanks, Bo!habee4 months ago True, Sandie, but most countries are evn worse with their cruelty to animals. I want them ALL to do better!fucsia4 months ago Obviously I agree ... the cruelty is non expressed only by the methods of killing, but in many other ways. The animals are now only products of commerce. You say that animals were created to be used by us, I think that they are here to cohabit with us. But certainly not to be abused!habee4 months ago Thanks, Martie. I feel the same way when I see those animals on hot, crowded trucks.habee4 months ago Sufi, I'm honored that you read my hub! I feel the same way about farm animals as you grandfather did. We at least owe the critters a decent life and a quick death.habee4 months ago Fucsia, we can disagree on some points and still agree on humane treatment for animals. I'm moving more and more to fish because I don't think they suffer as much as mammals and birds.kingkhan784 months ago great information thanks for sharingDeBorrah K. Ogans4 months ago Habee, Excellent informative Hub! You have certainly given us some things to consider?  I am not quite ready to become a vegetarian but my eyes have definitely been opened! This was a real shocker what insensitivity... Thank you for sharing, Peace & Blessings!finatics4 months ago I nearly just threw up my breakfast. It's disgusting how badly animals are treated- especially when it's not even necessary. There are humane ways to do it, but the slaughter houses must use the most cruel, vile methods of torture. In my opinion, the saddest part in all of this is how the animals aren't unconscious or dead while they are tortured. When the cows are hung upside down and their throats are cut, like you mentioned, sometimes the stinger doesn't even knock them out! So the cows are hanging upside down, kicking, screaming while their bleeding to death.Thank you for this informative article, hopefully somebody unaware of the cruelty of factory farming has read this and puked on their computer screen. In this modern day, it's ridiculous that we haven't stopped this already!finatics4 months ago habee- You'd be surprised at how much fish suffer. Scientists have done research that shows fish have the same reactions after receiving painful stimuli as mammals. The methods used to capture the fish are often just as cruel as in factory farms.Commercial fishing boats' nets and hooks usually catch animals they weren't looking for, so they're thrown overboard. In the water, they are either eaten by birds or bleed to death. In fact, around a thousand 'bycatch' die every day after they have been caught. And did you know the shrimp trawlers discard around 85% of their catch? It's unbelievable!I hope one day that people will realize the abuse these animals have been through and finally put a stop to it.Loves To Read4 months ago This is truly a sickening industry. Killing meat for the big four major food outlets.As a farmer for 38 years we have always cared for our stock as they are our lively hood. But more than that they are living breathing feeling animals.A few weeks back i read one of Mickey Dee's hubs. He had a video clip about this subject. As i watched it the tears streamed down my face. I felt physically sick and asked God what kind of being could do this to another. It left me in total disbelief.Yesterday at our Church Ladies group we watched a movie on this same kind of cruelty. This is happening in California and the amount of animals processed daily is just mind blowing. I don't know how these people sleep at night.Thank you Habee for calling this to attention.P Rabin4 months ago It's truelyBharat4 months ago Hi,Sorry,I failed to get the message. It seems a bit confusing to me. How can killing a creature be humane? It is like saying it is alright to kill a person but just use a bullet not a blunt knife.Killing an animal not as a necessity but due our conditioning, sense gratification and satisfaction of our palate cannot be supported.However, I do appreciate that you understand that animals do go through pain when tortured which means they are just like us. The difference is they are in a different body with a different level of consciousness.Violence should be kept to the minimum as much as possible. There will no chance of peace in this world till we keep slaughtering animals and gratifying our senses.habee4 months ago King, glad you stopped by!habee4 months ago Deb, I eat meat, too, but I still think animals deserve some quality of life, along with a quick death.habee4 months ago Finatics, I have no doubt that fish feel pain. We enjoy catching our own fish. If we're going to eat a fish, we kill it immediately. If not, we carefully release it. I assure you that wild fish have a much better life - and death - than cows and pigs that live their entire lives crammed into some feed-out lot. When we catch crabs, we kill them before boiling them. I couldn't boil something alive. As for shrimp and oysters, I don't believe they suffer nearly as much as mammals in slaughterhouses, either.I appreciate your thoughful comments!habee4 months ago Loves to Read, it is truly sickening. Humans have an amazing capacity for cruelty to animals.habee4 months ago Bharat, the message is that if we're going to eat aniamls, we owe them a good life while they're alive, along with a quick death that does not involve torture.RunAbstract4 months ago I just couldn't get this article out of my mind since the day I read it.  I was inspired to look for somewhere to buy meat that treated the animals at slaughter in a humane way.  And I am now happy to report I have found someone!A local producer who raises and slaughters sheep, rabbits, and chickens.  All the work is done in a humane way.I just wanted to get back with you, and thank you again for the eye opening article.I'm sure not only will my conscience be more at ease, but probably our diet will be healthier too!Thanks again!habee4 months ago Kudos to you, Run. That is awesome!nancy_303 months ago I eat meat but I never really thought about what the animals went through before and during their death.  Thank you for this very informative hub.  It really was an eye opener.habee3 months ago I eat meat, too, Nancy, but I hate for animals to suffer needlessly.stars4393 months ago Animals deserve to be treated right. Great hub. God Bless.habee3 months ago God bless you, too, Stars!Victor11 days ago humans should not eat dead animalsVictor11 days ago humans should not eat dead animalshabee7 days ago Victor, my heart agrees with you.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites98habeeFrom Georgia1943 Followers719 HubsJoined 19 months agoRead more hubs by habeeContact habeeFollow habeeSubscribe to habee's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk habee a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat is it with all of these dead fish and birds in the US.? What is killing these animals and why?asked by Dave Mathews 47 hours ago2 answersAnswer this questionDo you think the use of animals in sports and entertainment should be banned?asked by pankaj3625 16 months ago9 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsInk, Not Minkby relache My Mother rescued an Abused Pomeranian Dog named Skippy by Peggy WTraining And Conditioning The Fighting Rooster in the Mirrorby Jerilee WeiPet Euthanasia-How to Come to an Impossible Decisionby lorlie6The Five Freedomsby Peter DickinsonAnimal Fighting: Dogfights, Cockfights, and Other Animal...by finatics Animal Rights and Welfare ForumTopicReplieswould you make your child kill their pet as punishmentposted by bonny201078animal abuseposted by megan5427Should dogs have shock collars?posted by FactAndFiction42Post a new topic12 more topics Tagsmeat carbon monoxide slaughter free range cruelty to animals mad cow disease Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.128 sec)  working