Dallas Greens granddaughter killed in Tucson shooting | HardballTalkSkip to contentNBC Sports HomeNFLNBANCAA FBMLBNHLNCAA BKGOLFTENNISAUTOSSOCCERMORE SPORTSmsnbc.comNBCSports.comProFootballTalkHardballTalkProBasketballTalkCollegeFootballTalkProHockeyTalkProGolfTalkOff the BenchInside the IrishDallas Greens granddaughter killed in TucsonshootingDrew SilvaJan 9, 2011, 10:03 AM ESTTweet 49 CommentsThe tragic shooting spree Saturday at a political rally in Tucson, Arizona has an unfortunate baseball tie.Christina Taylor Greene, the 9-year-old child who was killed, is the granddaughter of ex-MLB manager Dallas Green and the daughter of current Dodgers scout John Green. This from Adam Rubin of ESPN New York.The elder Green managed the Phillies from 1979-1981, winning a World Series title in 1980. He went on to skipper the Yankees for parts of the 1989 season and then took over for the Mets from 1993-1996.Christina Taylor was one of six people left dead when 22-year-old Jared Lee Loughner opened fire at a political meet-and-greet outside of a grocery store. 13 others were wounded, including Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, who is in critical condition at a local Tucson hospital.Christina Taylor was born on September 11, 2001 and developed a strong interest in politics at a young age. She was attending the rally with her neighbor to get a closer look at political life and to meet Congresswoman Giffords.Thoughts and prayers go out to the Green family and all of those affected.Skip to Comments (49)Tweet Newer Olney: Mets might release Luis Castillo and OliverPerezOlder  Radhames Liz signs contract with Koreanteam More HardballTalkVideo: This wiffle ball king can slingitTwins invite top pitching prospect Kyle Gibson to springtrainingRuben Amaro doesnt sound like hes in a hurry to deal JoeBlantonBack to Homepage49 Comments (Feed for Comments)wonkypenguin - Jan 9, 2011 at 10:11 AM She was also the only girl on her little league baseball team.Log in to Reply rick1922 - Jan 9, 2011 at 11:06 AM GOD BLESS ARE PRAYERS ARE WITH YOU AND YOUR FAMILY.Log in to Reply shutyourfingmouth - Jan 9, 2011 at 11:10 AM An amazing but sad story.  What a measure of, even in these modern times, just how small a world it really is.  How incredible that the little girl should be born on the day of a massive national tragedy and become interested in politics at such a young age, only to die at the hands of a misguided and demented individual.  My prayers and condolences go out to the Green family, and all the other families involved in such a senseless act of selfishness and ignorance.  May Christina-Taylor Green serve as an inspiration to all who aspire to truly serve the people of this country, and may her killer feel the wrath of swift and merciless justice as he did to all whose lives he took in the same manner.  RIP, child.Log in to Reply fribnit - Jan 9, 2011 at 11:49 AM Thoughts and deepest condolences go to the families of all the victims of this senseless act of violence.Log in to Reply Utley's Hair - Jan 9, 2011 at 2:14 PM Condolences to the Green and Dodger families, as well as the Giffords, Rolls, Zimmermans, Morrises and other victims of this tragedy.  Hopefully this will be a wakeup call to dial back the rhetoric on both sides of the aisle and bring back civility.  I am a proud liberal who disagrees with muchthough not allof what the conservative right has to say or do.  But I also live and work peacefully with conservatives who feel the same way, just in the opposite direction, and to varying degrees.  It truly is a sad state of affairs when people like this guy decide to take the lives of innocent people who are just trying to make the country a better place.Hopefully, Representaive Giffords wounds arent as serious as they sound, and she makes as full a recovery as possible.  Also, hopefully this Loughner will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law, and they find the other person of interest and handle him the same way.Log in to Reply Old Gator - Jan 9, 2011 at 2:24 PM The rhetoric that needs to be dialed back is primarily on the right side of the aisle. I dont recall any Democratic or left-wing political ads that exhorted followers by posting maps covered with rifle crosshairs and spoke in terms of target shooting about who to vote against like Sarah Palins PAC ads. And speaking of that worthless, blowhard, dimwitted, grandstanding windbag, shes praying for the victims that her brand of rhetoric did so much to victimize in the first place  while, of course, dissociating herself from any responsibility for their fate because the shooter was deranged.Well, folks, have a read of the deranged shooters online commentaries, and lets see you exhaust more than ten minutes matching every statement he he made with some comment by Palin or some Faux News pundit. Sorry, but the conventional wisdom that sees both sides at fault doesnt hold up very well here.Log in to Reply schlom - Jan 9, 2011 at 4:21 PM I blame Luke Scott (as long as we are blaming people who had nothing to do with the shooting).Seriously, you come across as an educated man but then you come up with statements that are so stupid they are easily refuted with a 10 second Google search (http://pajamasmedia.com/instapundit/112843/).  I understand that as a partisan liberal you want (or need) to make the Republicans and conservatives look evil but your intellectual dishonesty in this instance is mind blowing.Isnt the fact that you are spouting some much vitriol towards Palin kind of refute your point about dialing back the rhetoric?  Or since its targeted at Republicans it doesnt matter?Rosenthals Speling Instrukter - Jan 9, 2011 at 4:52 PM To blame one side when the left tries to create this anger and hatred towards anybody who has money is beyond ridiculous. Actually to blame any of this on an opinion is stupid.  The person was out of his mind.  How people put this on a talk show host is beyond me.Bleeping stupid no matter what side you are on.Rosenthals Speling Instrukter - Jan 9, 2011 at 4:56 PM Although if you want to blame it on rhetoric:Posted: January 08, 20115:22 pm EasternBy Aaron Klein 2011 WorldNetDailyThe Communist Manifesto and Hitlers Mein Kampf were among the favorite reading materials of Jared Lee Loughner, the suspected gunman in todays fatal shooting that reportedly left six dead and gravely injured a U.S. congresswoman.Lougher, 22, listed those tomes among his favorites on his YouTube channel, in which he wrote that conscience dreams were a great study at his college, Pima Community College.Understand whats happening to Americas culture and what you can do to fight it with How Evil Works, autographed, from the WND Superstore.One user on Twitter, Caitie Parker, wrote she went to high school, college and was in a band with the gunman. She said she hadnt seen him since 2007.Parker wrote of Lougher, As I knew him he was left wing, quite liberal and oddly obsessed with the 2012 prophecy.She also described him as more left.Lougher also left a trail of bold political statements.schlom - Jan 9, 2011 at 5:22 PM Heres a better link: http://pajamasmedia.com/instapundit/112823/The sad thing is that the current state of political rhetoric against your enemies is nothing like the stuff that went on during the first years of the nation.  Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton hated each other so much they funded newspapers that did nothing but print articles attacking the other  and not rather mild stuff like we are talking about today but vicious personal attacks.  I guess you could say its part of our political system.indaburg - Jan 9, 2011 at 6:53 PM My deepest condolences to all of the families and friends of the victims of yesterdays horrific attack.  When I learned a child had been among the injured, all I wanted to know was: Is she ok?  My heart broke when I learned she was among the dead.@schlom:  Well, if you found it on Google, it must be true.  If you present some sources that dont have an obvious conservative agenda, I might be more inclined to listen to your point of view.  We dont yet know what agenda the obviously mentally unstable Loughner had.  From viewing Loughners You Tube videos, his rambling nonsense didnt really lean left or right.  It leaned crazy.  Certifiable DSM-IV crazy, not Glenn Beck-Sarah Palin crazy.  Yesterdays attack may have had nothing with Giffords political views.  At the same, this is not the first time Giffords has been the victim of a violent attack.  It is not a stretch to believe some of the elevated vitriol could influence some mentally unstable people to actas they have in the past.  Palin can make her point without resorting to such violent symbolism. Did she really need to depict Gabrielle Giffords on her Facebook page in the cross hairs of a rifle scope: Dont retreat! Instead  RELOAD!  Was that necessary?  Are her constituents that dense that they wouldnt get it otherwise?  Like Gifford herself reasonable warned a few months ago, When people do that, they have to realize that there are consequences to that action.drunkenhooliganism - Jan 9, 2011 at 7:00 PM As millions of the idiots in America were rooting for the killer of this congresswoman to be liberal or conservative or a Mexican who was in the country illegally, I thought a seemingly enlightened man like yourself, Old Gator, would be above that.This is not an act from a far right nutjob or a far left nutjob.  Hes simply a nutjob.   blaming broad political ideology for this is ignorant and lazy.Utley's Hair - Jan 10, 2011 at 1:00 AM Gator, I agree that the right is more at fault with their gun toting rallies, Nazi comparisons, 2nd Amendment remedies, bullets not ballots, Dems districts in the crosshairs, reload dont retreat, as well as those angry town-hall disturbances and obstructions.  (And Giffords 2010 opponent also invited constituents to a rally at a shooting range to take out Giffords.)However, the left is not free of fault in this either, with Floridas Grayson and his Taliban Dan ad, as well as West Virginias Manchin and his cap-and-trade target practice ad.  Ill admit that I was one of those pushing for the left to stand up against the constant attacks from the right.  But to respond to the angry right with more anger just is not the answer.  Respond to the lies and accusations with the truth.As for those who are saying that the guy was deranged: yes, it does appear that he was mentally unbalanced, though that has yet to be proven in a court of law.  And even if he was, the kind of hateful and incendiary rhetoric can push marginal people over the edge.  Now, the crap about the 1700s and duels and newspapers to villify political enemies is just out of place here.  First, you forgot that Alexander Hamilton and Aaron Burr hated each other so much that one of them ended up dead at the hands of the other, who ended up a fugitive due to his killing.  Second, just because the Founding Fathers did it or said it does not make it right for then or now.  You do know that those guys werent angels, right?  Quite a few had slaves, remember?  I seem to remember that quite a few were alcoholics, too.  But go ahead and idolize them and keep using the rose colored glasses.And Rosenthal: what the hell are you talking about with this spew on rich people?jkcalhoun - Jan 10, 2011 at 9:07 AM Krugman is worth reading on this today. Makes a useful distinction between caustic remarks and what he calls eliminationist rhetoric.Utley's Hair - Jan 10, 2011 at 12:19 PM jkcalhoun:  Holy crapI didnt know I was suddenly a columnist for the NYT.liberalsarehypocrites - Jan 11, 2011 at 2:35 AM Ifn ya dont recall, then jus try a googlin it there partner.  Pull yer head out of the sand and open yer eyes and listen ta sumthin other than Keith Olberman & Joy Behar. Heres a start fer ya http://www.dronetek.net/dronetek/why-media-ignoring-democrat-ads-use-cross-hairsjkcalhoun - Jan 11, 2011 at 8:32 AM liberalsarehypocrites  excellent talking points as always. Thanks.Utley's Hair - Jan 11, 2011 at 10:56 AM Sounds like a true open-minded individual with that handle.  And it also sounds like a gun-slinger from the Old West.And the source of that graphic is still missing.  Im not going to do your research for you.  If you have a point, make it and prove it.  Otherwise, it could be you just making it up.Jonny 5 - Jan 10, 2011 at 8:52 AM IMO, anyone trying to pin this on any political party in any way is either A) wishing to create more ridiculous rhetoric while claiming we need less. Or B) really arent all that smart. This was one crazy kid, not only was he in posession of Mein Kampf, and the communist manifesto, but also alice in wonderland and other childrens books. He was known as a Left leaning liberal, who shot one of the most conservative politicians in the democratic party. If anything she angered him with her conservative agenda. This is no more the fault of politics than it is the fault of myself. Which political party was Dahmer leaning towards??  I guess whichever party he leaned toward was to blame for his appetite too???  Seriously very sad and unfortunate. I wish the best for all of those involved.Log in to Reply Utley's Hair - Jan 10, 2011 at 10:58 AM Im not blaming any party.  I do say that the right wing has taken it to a whole new level, but the left has its fault, also.  I also say due to the fact that this guy was a.) in Arizona a hotbed of anger and hate due to the immigration crap and Brewers whole redefinition of health care, and , b.) he may have been unbalanced to begin with, the angry hate being spewed just pushed him over the edge and caused him to become unhinged.  I still hold back on the mental capacity part of this whole thing, what with his going to numerous different WalMarts to get ammo, and being rejected from a couple of them.  Its easy to call someone a whackjob or a nut or crazy, but there are legal and medical definitions of them.  He might not be.  Premeditation on his part like the ammo thing might nip that whole thing in the bud.Utley's Hair - Jan 10, 2011 at 11:06 AM I also have begun to think that maybe this anger and hate is somewhat being perpetuatedand in some cases NOT INITIALLY causedby political leaders and talking heads, since poeple have WAY more access to them now with blogs, Twitter, Facebook, etc.  These guys used to be somewhat insulated from the actual hate and anger.  Maybe sometimes, so much access isnt such a good thing.Jonny 5 - Jan 10, 2011 at 11:36 AM No, I wasnt pointing towards you with that Ut. I was mentioning this because Ive seen a whole bunch of people try to do so. And it is just the worst kind of BS Rhetoric that exists. People died at the hands of a kid who had serious mental issues, and people want to so badly blame politics. Even if he fed off the political atmosphere and he said himself I did it to kill a democrat or  I killed that conservative witch who claims to be democrat. Nobody can blame anyone but the kid himself.  I know its sickening what our process has become, but its not to the point where we have political warfare over it. Well not yet anyway  I do say that the right wing has taken it to a whole new levelBoth have. Did you see the last round that went through our area?? I know Runyan was still elected but they tore him to pieces in smear campaigns many lies, while Jons ads were pretty much about the issues we face in NJ. Utley, youll notice it more from whichever side you oppose, its a fact. And while the left is in office its stronger from the right, and vice versa. it is how is, and always will be. And its sad.Utley's Hair - Jan 10, 2011 at 12:10 PM I dont recall any anti-Runyan ads, Jonny, or any pro-Runyan ones for that matterwhich is weird, since we seem to see all of the Jersey ads (not to mention ads for places unknown).  Which ones are you referring to?I am talking about the ones that outright call for violence, or the ones that simply allude to it with a veil just thick enough to give the candidate plausible deniability, like the ones I listed above (2nd Amendment remedies; rallies at shooting ranges; dont retreat, reload; crosshairs on congressional districts; referring to an opponent as Taliban Dan; target practice with a bill; etc.).  And just reading some of the comments on here (and other sites, both sports and news), the dustup over on PBT about the Suns wearing the Los Suns jerseys last spring in opposition to the immigration police state crap, the anti-Obama rants on OTB, the crap on PFT last week about Obama talking to Lurie about Vick, and Tucker String Him Up, Cause I Need Publicity Carlsonthe rants of some of these people are absolutely ridiculous and way over the top.  People have claimed that the left did the same thing to Dubya.  The worstdepending on how you look at itI remember being said about him was that he should be impeached and tried as a war criminal.  That pales in comparison to the vitriol being spewed toward the Dems and Obama now.Jonny 5 - Jan 10, 2011 at 12:23 PM Bush got it as bad or worse than Obama UT. He really did.   http://img26.imageshack.us/img26/8217/dlctargetingmap.gifAnd Palins map is being blamed, but the democrats do the same thing.Utley's Hair - Jan 10, 2011 at 12:33 PM Jonny, you cant really use that graphic like that.  Where is it fromwho made itetc?  And how does that graphic support your claim that Dubya got it as bad or worse?  I just dont see it.Utley's Hair - Jan 10, 2011 at 12:35 PM Jonny, I also suggest you take a look at Krugmans column that jkcalhoun added here.http://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/10/opinion/10krugman.html?_r=1&hpJonny 5 - Jan 10, 2011 at 12:42 PM Im not researching it since this is no mission of mine. And im not going to argue it either. Its up to you to believe what you want, because thats what people do. Bush was torn to Pcs and I know it. Just as badly if not worse than Obama. You just dont see it because youre a left winger who wants to see how bad the right is. Just like all the right wingers who cried the blues when Bush Jr. was in office and he was the focus of the Left. Its bad from both sides.Jonny 5 - Jan 10, 2011 at 12:50 PM Yes I read read that Crap article. And there are tens of thousands of them online half from one side, half from the other. I agree on one point. Talking heads need to stop using irresponsible phrases on national TV. It could lead to another nutjob focusing his sights on another politician. As if thats what it takes. But its still not cool.Utley's Hair - Jan 10, 2011 at 1:09 PM Im not a left winger.  Im more of a middle-of-the-roader.  I see good and bad on each side.  Just more bad in the more important issues on the right and more good on those issues on the left.  Based on the dialogue here, I think we agree on a number of things.  However, I dont see that the left has been nearly as bad in the vitriolic, angry hatemongering department.  Not that they are fee from blame, just not as much.Utley's Hair - Jan 10, 2011 at 1:17 PM To clarify before I get all kinds of crap thrown my way, though I do consider myself a proud liberal, there are conservative tenets that I do agree with.Jonny 5 - Jan 10, 2011 at 1:21 PM And thats fine. While I would like everyone on earth to agree with me about everything. It doesnt bother me a bit when that doesnt pan out. I only injected myself into the topic because  felt i was a little more objective about it than the majority of left leaning citizens, and figured i could relay some of my own thoughts. Maybe youre right? Ive been avoiding politics for awhile now since Malox stopped helping my stomach when I get into that topic.warchief01 - Jan 9, 2011 at 6:05 PM I dont know what that punks problem with the government is as i have my own with them but what he did to that child can never be justified. A child is a wonder of God and a blessing.Log in to Reply Old Gator - Jan 9, 2011 at 6:29 PM Schlom, if you had a discriminating mind in your brain youd be dangerous.In the first place, Im no partisan liberal; Ive had more than plenty to say about the stupidity, cowardice and disorganization of the Democrats, as anyone whos been reading these blogs for any length of time knows. I suppose that liberal is a handy label to resort to when youve got nothing else in your head by way of an idea. In the second place, Ive never called for dialing back the rhetoric. Ive been consistently frustrated  by the refusal of center and left politicians to stop passively letting the right define them for themselves, and made no bones about their need to dial up their own anger at the distortions, lies and bigotry that have been the bread and butter trade of the American right for two decades now. Finally, that the right would try to deny having any responsibility for this lunatic was as predictable as gravity. Yes, he was clearly quite deranged. His ravings are nicely nourished by Faux News sound bites and the entire ethos of mistrust of government and the impending need for violent resistance to it  hence the famous Palin crosshairs ads and the general pathology of American gun culture  have been the all but trademarked mantras of the right. This ethos suits the paranoid or dissociative personality like thermal underwear in a Minnesota January.  That he represented himself as liberal or leftist is irrelevant; he might well have done so out of fear that the government was watching him, and certainly he didnt pick his targets because they were right wingers, did he? The framing of his bizarre take on the world in violent terms is hardly the sensibility projected by or promoted by the moderate or left-moderate political factions in this country.Log in to Reply schlom - Jan 9, 2011 at 8:14 PM Sorry, I didnt realize that non-partisan liberals used the term Faux News.  Or maybe thats just a typo, right?Log in to Reply Old Gator - Jan 9, 2011 at 10:38 PM No, you read that right for a change. Even though you still cant seem to think outside the box. Or any box. You dont need to be any particular kind of ideologue to look at a farrago of lies and exaggerations and call it what it is. I have the same low opinion of much of what goes on in The Nation. Or do partisan liberals say such things?drunkenhooliganism: As I said above, yes, he was a nutjob. Im not blaming extreme ideology for making him psychotic (although if it had, it wouldnt have been the first time in history that it had such an effect). Clearly, this sick bastard oscillated between left, right, up down and sideways within the ambit of a single mental syllogism. What I am blaming right-wing hatespeak and the rights insistent use of threatening, violent, gun-happy (as in the Palin PAC ads) vitriolic discourse for is framing an environment within which a nutjob would feel comfortable, if not heroic, crossing the line from being an audience for the riot inside his own skull to acting out his madness in public.Jonny 5 - Jan 10, 2011 at 9:01 AM He was Liberal. He killed one of the more conservative Democrats of the party. If anything it was her conservative leaning stance which drove him to kill her. Gator, I love you and all but youre off base here. He was just a nut job. Plain and simple.sportsdrenched - Jan 9, 2011 at 8:24 PM OK, so if he had a bizarre take on the world, why would you blame and indict an entire political spectrum for his behavior?  Your grinding acts is clearly not with the shooter even though thats where it belongs.Also, playing the moral reletivity card with the 1700s is displaced too.  Shooting your political opponents might have been acceptable at one time in this country, but so was slavery.  Weve advanced passed that, were better than that.Anyway.  OT:  This is a sad tragic incident touching the lives of many.  And its unfortunate that it happened.Log in to Reply youngsooner - Jan 10, 2011 at 2:17 AM Look how far you all have strayed from the most important point. Im just a young cat so I may be wrong but the only thing that matters is that a poor innocent girl was killed in a horrible tragedy. You should be ashamed of yourselves for turning this tragedy into a political finger pointing match, and trying to use it to push your own personal point of views, while putting blame on your opponent We are all Americans. There is no aisle and rather than putting blame on someone who doesnt think just like you; we should be coming together to make sure things like this never happen again. Then again, Im just a kid and dont know anything.Log in to Reply yankeesfanlen - Jan 10, 2011 at 9:31 AM I will have to interject on Mayor Bloombergs behalf here and state that at least part of the problem with any mass murder, whether it be this dastardly event, or Columbine, or fast-food random shootings and drive bys, is the result of extremely lax gun control and a culture of violence in media that permeates the nations society.Who knows if an X-box game sent this nutjob over the top- and somehow a pistol, used for nothing other than personal injury, was readily and legally available to him.Divisive rhetoric comes from misplaced priorities and expediencies to ram opinions down everyones throat with reason be damned.Log in to Reply Old Gator - Jan 10, 2011 at 11:36 AM Len, youre right on target.ErI meanLog in to Reply Old Gator - Jan 10, 2011 at 11:33 AM Johnny 5: and I love you too man (sniff). But to call this kid a liberal when his mistrust of a sitting supposedly liberal government drove his paranoia seems a little far fetched too. Ill repeat: nowhere in any of my posts have I identified this lunatic as being meaningfully inclined in any particular ideological direction. My point was, and remains, that the atmosphere of political violence within which he, and the rest of us, are forced to live is largely of right-wing construction, especially when it comes to the particulars of partisan rhetoric. Liberals dont go around insinuating that theyll take up arms if the vote doesnt go their way. Right wing candidates and talk show hosts routinely do. Liberals dont view firearms as an answer to social problems. Right wingers do. Liberals dont run PAC ads using sharpshooting or gunsights as metaphors for electoral decisions. Right wingers do. I stop here only because I am paranoid about the right-wing auto-refresh feature of WordPress. Or something like that.Incidentally, from what Ive been reading the kids father especially sounds like the daddy of all pinwheels  shouting at neighbors who were putting out their trash that their garbage smelled bad, things like that. Sounds a lot like the family of Eric Harris, one of the Columbine shooters; his parents were another couple of certifiables. I recall that the elder Harris sued the school district after the massacre on some crackpot pretext or other. Cant be long before daddy sues the city of Tucson for staging a meeting that provoked his psychotic son. I also recall that in The Boys from Brazil Josef Mengele sought out families who fit the same sort of profile  cranky, obnoxious, irascible parents just like Hitlers, with whom he could plant his little cloned Hitlers in the hope that theyd grow up just like their donor. I mention this not so much for aesthetic effect as to re-emphasize that, whether Loughner was psychotic or not, that psychosis has an environmental component. Except in the most severe cases, or in cases of brain trauma, most psychoses of varying degrees involve a lot of environment interaction.  Whatever its genetic predetermination, life in a household like Loughners, as well as in a cyberspace swimming with ideological posturing and hostility, probably nurtured his madness as much as any neurotransmitter imbalance or structural neurological deformity might have. And, I repeat: most of that hostility and paranoia is of right-wing manufacture.Log in to Reply Jonny 5 - Jan 10, 2011 at 11:51 AM  Liberals dont run PAC ads using sharpshooting or gunsights as metaphors for electoral decisions.Dont bet on it Gator, just google democrat ads with crosshairsLiberals dont go around insinuating that theyll take up arms if the vote doesnt go their way.Oh no? The Panthers actually threatened people at voting stations as I recall. Look Gator, Youre doing exactly what bigots do right now. Except youre lumping people together by political affiliation instead of by skin. And youll always remember when the right wing enemy does it, not when your pinkies do it. I despise what you speak of as much as you do, and I also see it from both sides. Maybe its because they both make me equally sick?? dunno.No one is to blame besides this kid. Political ads dont kill.Log in to Reply Old Gator - Jan 10, 2011 at 12:24 PM Coda: checked the Mitchell ad. Yes, stupid. But lets get real here: the crosshairs were a metaphorical reference to the justice department probe of his adversary, not an appeal to take him out in even symbolic terms  a pretty far stretch from the violence-sublimated imagery of the Palin ad, especially when you know what a kick she gets out of killing things and how clearly she understands that shes appealing to the same gun-happy constituency. Lets line out apples up across from our apples, shall we?Log in to Reply Old Gator - Jan 10, 2011 at 12:10 PM Yes they do, unless you think were all completely immune to all cultural input and influence. Were not. Hitler didnt draw crowds that were all psychos, nor does Ahmadinejad, nor did Khomeini, Mussolini or the parade organizers of the Red Guard. They were drawn by rhetoric and they didnt have to be crazy to be drawn.  And calling the Panthers Democrats is, dont you think, a bit of a stretch? I mean, really, thats pretty ridiculous. Its also a long way from Glenn Beck sending out gangs of thugs across the entire country to try to disrupt Town Hall meetings on health care. Incidentally, did you happen to check the authenticity of any of those so-called Democratic ads? I dont see any attributions on that link. Unsupported comments like such ads are pretty common are sucker lines, especially when were talking on one hand about fringe groups like the Panthers versus well-established mainstream stuff like Palins ad, signed by her own hand to boot.Log in to Reply Jonny 5 - Jan 10, 2011 at 12:34 PM Heres the Dems version of a target map Gator.    http://img26.imageshack.us/img26/8217/dlctargetingmap.gifThats the only link I gave you. I just suggested you google something. Im not digging things up to support any one side, Im trying to knock people in the head a little when they try to blame this kind of action on poor political direction from one side. This kid may have targeted this woman because it was easy and she was what he saw as government or at least the easiest to access. Both parties are responsible for irresponsible behavior and i really dont think either side is more innocent than the other. And this killing spree tells me it wasnt politics related anyway. Or he would have only shot Gifford. And he would have made sure he did it right, instead of firing into a crowd of innocent people as he did, leaving Gifford to live another day. Wow, what a tough woman.Log in to Reply Jonny 5 - Jan 10, 2011 at 12:45 PM And calling the Panthers Democrats is, dont you think, a bit of a stretch? I mean, really, thats pretty ridiculous.Absolutely it is very ridiculous. But no more than blaming the right for this guys actions is. See what i mean?Log in to Reply Utley's Hair - Jan 10, 2011 at 1:13 PM By the way, Craig, why are several places calling this a spree?  Arent spree kinngs defined as moving to several locations?Log in to Reply Utley's Hair - Jan 10, 2011 at 1:34 PM Yikesspelling fail:  make kinngs read killings.Log in to Reply youngsooner - Jan 10, 2011 at 11:55 PM If the Panthers arent democrats then what would you call them? I mean, intimidating rebuplican voters kinda makes it seem like theyre dems, cause we know indepedents arent that dedicated; or we could throw it back on race but nobody wants to touch that ugly subject.Lets face facts. You cant put a blame on either party in this matter. The fault falls on the idiot who cant watch a television broadcast without getting pissed, going to numerous walmarts, then shooting into a crowd of his own country men because he cant form any better arguement. If there is any fault its with our poor school systems.We have become a nation of people who can only find their identity by determining what they are not. Once we do that we can never find common ground with those who are not exactly like ourselves.Log in to Reply Leave CommentYou must be logged in to leave a comment. Not a member? Register now! Newer Olney: Mets might release Luis Castillo and OliverPerezOlder  Radhames Liz signs contract with Koreanteam More HardballTalkVideo: This wiffle ball king can slingitTwins invite top pitching prospect Kyle Gibson to springtrainingRuben Amaro doesnt sound like hes in a hurry to deal JoeBlantonBack to HomepageAbout this BlogSend Tip/FeedbackSubscribe to RSSLogin/RegisterAdd to FacebookFollow on Twitter  Top Posts All-times saves leader Trevor Hoffman announcesretirement 9Memorial fund set up for Christina Taylor Green; Dodgers set up email address forremembrances 33Why we cant talk intelligently about steroids inbaseball 32Who are the top free agents stillavailable? 5How do the best-shape-of-their-life guys end upperforming? 16 Most CommentedShould Bud Selig reverse the call and award Galarraga the perfectgame? (581)That kid in Philly should not have beentased (445)More players are speaking out against the Arizona immigrationlaw (279)Report: Ken Griffey Jr. to retire or be released sometime thismonth (191)Luke Scott: Obama does not represent America  he was not bornhere (170)Baseball TicketsMLB All Star Game TicketsWorld Series TicketsNBC Sports HeadlinesFeedTrash Talk: Carroll's cheerleader act is workingAll-time saves leader Trevor Hoffman retires at 43Michigan picks Hoke as new football coachBordow: Auburn proves defense still wins championshipsChizik: Time for Auburn to get back to workCanzano: Ducks not yet big enough for big stageIt's SEC and everybody else in college footballNBC Sports Videos PlayVideo: PFT Live Segment 1: Chief Rumors PlayVideo: PFT Live Segment 2: Whitlock on Manning, Chiefs PlayVideo: PFT Live Segment 3: In Harbaugh 49ers trust PlayVideo: Puck split in half PlayVideo: Whiffle Ball All-Star PlayVideo: PFT Live: Baalke ready to work with HarbaughNBC Sports PhotosSlideshow: Gone, not forgottenSlideshow: Athlete Hall of ShameSlideshow: Memorable controversial callsSlideshow: BUSTED!Slideshow: Controversial quotesSlideshow: Ugliest uniforms in sportsNBC Sports - Pro Football TalkWe need more mailbag questionsReport: Browns could have new coach by ThursdayScott Fujita attacks Jerry Jones lockout remarksThe underclassmen declarations trackerRunning list of early entrants for the draftBucs promote Dwayne Stukes to special teams coordinator NBC Sports - College Football TalkBCs Herlzich wins Rudy AwardHolla playa: Ole Miss signs JUCO returner Philander MooreSan Diego State expected to hire Rocky Long as next coachBC coordinator Tranquill retiresMiami catches a new receivers coachAll-Big Ten corner returning to Hawkeyes Off the BenchTuesday Blogdome: Hasselback on Marshawn Lynch, and the day the Earth movedYeah, the Philadelphia Unions new jerseys will look just swellIntroducing Quickish, quick-hit sports news for a caffeinated nationMMA fighter regrets calling Obama idiotIn the Eagles parking lot, no one can hear you screamTed Williams detained by police; will be grilled by Dr. Phil tonight Hardball TalkTwins invite top pitching prospect Kyle Gibson to spring trainingRuben Amaro doesnt sound like hes in a hurry to deal JoeAll-times saves leader Trevor Hoffman announces retirementMore ugliness for Lenny DykstraAlberto Callaspo, Angels avoid arbitration with one-year dealThe Giants are going to have some problems in 2011 ProHockeyTalkJamie Benn edges Alex Ovechkin for January 3-9 goal of the weekPotential owner Terry Pegula visits Buffalo Sabres offices todayTodays Starting Goalies  January 11th (late edition)Todays Starting Goalies  January 11th (early edition)Canucks forward Alex Burrows and referee Stephane Auger renew acquaintances tonight onHold everything for Tom Poti; Severe allergies havent hurt his career Inside the IrishFloyd decision coming tomorrowReports: Nick Martin joins Irish recruiting classFloyds decision yet to be madeWeekend leftovers: All-Stars, Awards, recruiting vigilArmy All-American bowl heavy on Irish intrigueLynch u-turns again, Irish visit on tap NBC Sports - Pro Basketball TalkByron Scott has no regrets about taking Cleveland jobCarmelo Anthony trade delay holding up other dealsSacramento Kings to play in Power Balance ArenaReport: George Karl to return to Nuggets regardless of tradeStephen A. Smith says Rasheed Wallace will return to CelticsAvery Johnson says dont expect trades during Nets road trip ProGolfTalkNew sponsor drives change in Els global scheduleMickelsons looper served as caddie at BCS title gameLimbaugh to USA Today: Liberals would have a tough time with thisLincicome shoots 74 in Hooters Tour debutHolywood heartbreak: McIlroy splits with longtime girlfriend67-year-old teeing it up in Sony Open field More HardballTalkLatest PostsVideo: This wiffle ball king can slingitTwins invite top pitching prospect Kyle Gibson to springtrainingRuben Amaro doesnt sound like hes in a hurry to deal JoeBlantonAll-times saves leader Trevor Hoffman announcesretirementMore ugliness for LennyDykstraAlberto Callaspo, Angels avoid arbitration with one-yeardealTop PostsAll-times saves leader Trevor Hoffman announcesretirementMemorial fund set up for Christina Taylor Green; Dodgers set up email address forremembrancesWhy we cant talk intelligently about steroids inbaseballWho are the top free agents stillavailable?How do the best-shape-of-their-life guys end upperforming?Are the Cardinals in deep trouble if they dont lock Pujols up before springtraining?SubscribeFollow HardballTalk on TwitterAdd HardballTalk on FacebookLatest Posts (RSS)Top Posts (RSS)Log inCopyright  2010-2011 NBC Sports. Images provided by Getty Images. Powered by WordPress.com VIP.