Top Content Sharing Websites for Free Backlinks, Traffic & Online MarketingHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHubPages Tutorials and CommunityGetting Traffic for Your HubsSearch Engine Traffic for HubPagesTop Content Sharing Websites for Free Backlinks, Traffic & Online MarketingTop Content Sharing Websites for Free Backlinks, Traffic & Online Marketing88rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Susana SContent Sharing Websites for SEO MarketingContent sharing websites are a Godsend for effective and free SEO marketing. They provide free traffic, backlinks and many also offer adsense revenue sharing.There are two main reasons for wanting to promote your articles, blogs & websites on content sharing sites. These are to increase traffic and to obtain oneway backlinks. Both of these strategies will improve click through rate (CTR) - so more pennies for you! Making some time to work on increasing traffic and getting back links will: Bring more visitors to your pages Improve your position on google search (serps) Increase your pagerank Earn extra adsense income through revenue sharing programsFor the complete beginner you'll see explanationsofeach of these terms on the right had side of the page. For more seasoned internet publishersread the left hand side of the pageto see the top 12 content sharing websites I've identified with a review of their pagerank and usability.  Links Increase PageRank and SERPsOne Way Back LinksA one way back link is basically a "vote" for your page. Google uses these "votes" to help determine how good your page is and therefore, how high in the search results your page will be placed. Think of it like this: if you write a fantastically, brilliant article on "How to Increase Page Rank for Google Search" then hopefully in a natural way, over weeks and months, other websites and articles will post a link to your page from their page. These links are "votes" for your content. They say, "Hey, this page is really worth reading!" The difficulty is this - who will know when you have published a fantasically, brilliant article to even be able to link to it in the first place? That's one reason why web publishers make efforts to create for themselves, one way links to their content. Google still sees the links as votes even when you have created them yourself! The more incoming links to your page the higher in the search results your page will be placed and the higher the page rank for your page. Both help increase traffic to your page and therefore click through rate. Click Through Rate (CTR)An average click through rate is just 1-2 % per thousand. What this means is that if you have a 1000 visitors in a given period, 10 - 20 of those people will click on an advert. Not a lot really! These figures are just averages though. If your page content is targeted to people that are looking to buy a product or service you could well have a much higher click through rate. SERPS (Search Engine Results Positions)When web publishers talk about serps what they are referring to, is what position their pages are at on search engines (mainly Google) for particular keywords or key phrases. Getting on page one of the results page is the broad aim, and getting to be first on the first page is the ultimate aim. Why? Because 70% of people will click on one of the first two results. So for instance, my HubPage, "How to Describe Yourself" is at number 1 on Google's first page for that very same keyphrase. This brings in a lot of visitors, many more than if it was on page two or three of the results pages. **If you're interested in page optimization to increase pagerank and serps check out my step by step how to guide.** PageRankPagerank is specific to Google. It's a special formula that google uses to determine how much of an "authority" a page or a website is. The highest possible pagerank is 10, the lowest is 0. The impact of pagerank is that generally speaking, pages with rank 10 will outdo those of lesser ranks in the search results. Pagerank 4's will outdo pagerank 3's and so on. It takes a few months minimum for google to asign your article a pagerank, so don't worry if you haven't got one yet. Just for your info an average pagerank is 2 or 3. HubPages rank is 6 (which is very good) which is why our hubpages can get a good position on the search results quickly. If you want to check your pagerank or serps, here are the best, free SEO tools I've come across for doing that as well as other important tools.Okay, so now that we've finished the lesson on why we should promote our articles, let's look at where we can promote them.A List of Content Sharing WebsitesWhere the best places on the internet are to promote your articles is a HUGE topic, so I'm not going to be able to cover everything here, nor would I want to! So I'm going to focus on Content Sharing Websites and provide links to the best articles on the other methods of article promotion. Many of these content sharing websites also offer revenue sharing which is a real bonus. So not only do you get backlinks and traffic, if you add you adsense ID you also earn from them!12 Content Sharing WebsitesRedGageAt RedGage you can post the link, title and description of your articles, blogs and websites. The website has a nice look. You can earn through adsense. It's simple to add your content. A negative is that I find the site quite slow. (I'm not 100% sure that the backlinks are DoFollow.)shetoldmeAgain you can post the link, title and descriptions of your articles. It's easy to use. Add your adsense ID for 100% of the ad revenue on your pages. All links are DoFollow. You can choose to get involved in the community but it's not essential.The down side for me is that the site has an unfinished look and the layout isn't great. I get a decent amount of traffic from this site so it's well worth signing up for. BukisaBukisa is great! With a pagerank of 5, at Bukisa you can write a minimum of 250 words and provide one external link in your sources box at the end. All links are DoFollow and they also use a revenue share model. The revenue share is based on page views and the Bukisa index that your article is given - it sounds a little complicated but it's not really, it's just different to what you might be used to. A nice site, with a good layout and easy to publish on. Well worth signing up for! DoFollowDiggAll links are DoFollow (hence the name!). A fairly new website with a PageRank of 4. Quick and easy to use.Spicy PageI have used this content sharing website a little and their links are definitely DoFollow. They want you to post links to your content. Content is then rated by site users. No revenue sharing on this one though. PageRank 4. TipDrop I have written a whole article about this one called "Free Google Backlinks". It's another revenue sharing site offering 75% revenue share (they're just giving it away aren't they!) and you write a short 255 word summary of your article to answer the question, "What do you know about that?" You also get 25% revenue share on any tippers that you refer. Page Rank 4.yousaytooThis is a website where you can share any of your blogs. You get a 50% share of adsense revenue and can also sell through amazon. A favourite for hubbers. SnipslyAnother site like shetoldme and redgage, but newer. Post a short description of your article with a link to the full article and away you go! Another backlink! Also offers 80% revenue share on adsense. XombaSame as above! Post a short desciption of your article with a link to the real deal and increase your traffic levels. 50% revenue share. Regarding backlinks - they seem to start off as DoFollow and then revert to NoFollow pretty quickly afterwards. Bukisa is a much better option in my opinion. ZimbioAdd your blog feed here for some backlinks and extra traffic. PageRank 6. You can also write wikizines (short articles) and full length articles. No revenue share.QondioQondio is the newer version of Qassia and actually encourages you to promote your websites, articles and blogs.They offer 100% adsense revenue! The more content links you add the better. There is a $5 charge to sign up.EsnipseSnips is a social content-sharing site with a PageRank of 6, where you can publish and share any media type. You get up to 5GB of web space. I haven't used this one so tell me what it's like!Free Backlinks, Increased Traffic and Revenue Share from TipDrop This site is well worth checking out as it now has a PageRank of 4 (a pretty impressive result in only 4 months!) You get 75% revenue share as well as some good backlinks to your articles, blogs and websites.Other Methods of Improving Traffic and Getting Oneway BacklinksSocial BookmarkingMost of these websites can be accessed through the "share this" button at the bottom of your hubs. When you click a share this button you can post the link to sites that you are a member of which could include:Facebook, Facebook Group, Stumble Upon, Delicious, Digg, TwitterFor a massive list of bookmarking sites have a look at this hub by Hal Licino.Article SitesArticle marketing is very popular for a good reason - it works! But it is time consuming. It basically involves writing articles to promote your articles! Here are just a few of the places you could write for:HubPages, Ehow, ArticlesBase, Ezine, Info Barrel, Experts Coloumn, Squidoo, Xomba, Senserely, ScribdHere's a hub which explains which writing sites offer what from Marian Swift. And another from Darkside called HubPages Traffic Bonus.(Click here if you want to SIGN UP to HUBPAGES.)OtherRSS FeedsHere is a wonderful hub on the benefits of creating and distributing RSS feeds for beginners by Kmackey32YouTubeMany people create videos to upload to YouTube to market their websites or affiliate interests. Here's a hub on how to do it from Karthickjck.Yahoo AnswersLast but not least, I would reccommend answering questions on Yahoo Answers. You can browse through questions and find ones that your hub or website answers; post a response and then add your link in the "sources" box. I've found this method good for traffic.Well that's about it for now - I hope you've found this article a useful resource. Content sharing websites really are an excellent way to promote your articles and increase traffic to them. It may be a little time consuming at first, but once you've added all of your articles, blogs and websites to each of the content sharing websites, it's a quick and easy process to add your new articles. Good luck!If you've enjoyed this hub read more from Susana ....A Beginners Website | Sitebuilder Website Software ReviewBeginners website creation. Ready to create your own website cheaply? Read my user review of Intuit's Sitebuilder. A low cost, website builder and hosting service for beginners...Increase Page Rank, SERPS for Google Search | Improv...Free, simple step by step process to increase page rank (SERPS) for google search. Serps and pagerank checker. Improve your blog, article or website ranking by optimizing your pages.SEO - Free Google Backlinks and Increased TrafficGetting free google backlinks and increased website traffic is the goal of every webmaster. Read here for an easy way to get quality free backlinks plus make some extra adsense revenue.....High Paying Adsense Keywords - Make Money with Expensive KeywordsIf you want to make money with Adsense have a look at this very high paying keyword list. Top paying profitable keywords that will earn you up to $10 per click.Essential Info - Check Your Amazon Associate Affiliate SettingsWhether your a hubber or a website developer there's something you need to know about how the Amazon Affiliate Program works. It's has taken me over 6 months to find this out, so you could call me stupid, thick or just plain dumb...Cashing In On Article Writing: Internet Marketing To Go!Amazon Price: $17.00Article Marketing Authorities Say: Learn to Write Articles And Do Article Marketing From The Leading Experts!!!Amazon Price: $23.00How to Write & Sell Simple Information for Fun and Profit: Your Guide to Writing and Publishing Books, E-Books, Articles, Special Reports, Audio Programs, DVDs, and Other How-To ContentAmazon Price: $9.43List Price: $15.95Article Marketing CourseAmazon Price: $0.99And finally.....Thanks for reading and good luck with your article, blog or website promotion! If you have any questions please:leave a comment and I'll get back to you as soon as I can. Also, remember to: bookmark this page in case you need to come back to it in the futurerate it up if you've enjoyed itshare it with your networksvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (17)Funny Awesome (7)Beautiful HubPages Affiliate Program - Create a Join Hubpages Link Including Referral TrackerOrganic SEO Services UK Consultancyanujagarwal15 months ago Very Informative Hub, I was not aware of few content sharing sites. Thanks for sharing.BkCreative15 months ago You have answered all my questions!I will bookmark this hub so I can refer back to it and I will try your great list of suggestions!So much good information!Thanks a lot$$$$!Susana S15 months ago Thanks anuja and BK for having a read :) Really pleased to have answered your questions BK!Pete Maida15 months ago This is definitely a reference hub that I will come back to.mroricle197315 months ago Thanks Susana.  More info to help me be successful in blog writing.  Thanks for all of your help... and by the way, I printed out your hub "Increase Page Rank" and I follow all 7 steps every time I write a commercial blog.messerc12315 months ago Thanks so much for this informative hub. I am super new to all this and this really helps me out. Thanks a bunch.Susana S15 months ago Glad you think it will be of use to you Pete :)Mroricle - I'll be really interested to find out how you get on. Keep me updated!Hi messerc - don't think we've met before so hello! Glad to be of service :)EllenGraeger15 months ago Thank you, Susana. I'll try some of them out.Catherine R15 months ago Fantastic, helpful, well written, easy to follow - even for an idiot, great hub!  Bookmarked by me!travelespresso15 months ago Wonderful.  As a hubpages "newbie" I am learning lots everyday and your words have helped a lot.  I will have a look at some of them.  Good luck!ftgfmom15 months ago I had questions and you had answers. Thank you for writing this hub. Very helpful! I will be bookmarking too!articleposter15 months ago Thanks for the good post. I was looking for content sharing sites, very useful links. ThanksJuana Ortiz15 months ago Great suggestions!Thank youT. A. Northburg15 months ago Awesome I am going to use some of those bookmarking sites.  Thank you very much!Susana S15 months ago Hi Everyone :) Really pleased that you enjoyed the article and have found it useful. Here's to more one way links - cheers!lewgard15 months ago Bookmarked this article; I plan on checking out some of your suggestions today.  Thanks for the share!Hello, hello,15 months ago It was a real eye opener for me, having just started. Thank you very much for all these information.Gameboy7015 months ago That list of content sharing sites was fantastic. Most of them were entirely new to me. This article is betting bookmarked and reread. Thanks for the great info!steffsings15 months ago Thank you for this information. I'm just moving on now to tip number 3. Excellent, you are appreciated.Csjun8915 months ago This is a great referenceI'm bookmarking it to try the different steps out slowlyRNMSN15 months ago wonderfully informative and I hope to increase my pennies :) with your help! Thanks susana!Leop15 months ago I just wanted to take this opportunity to sincerely thank you for this very important information. I spend sometime reading about it. I have tried some ideas and its working. This by far is my best. I bookmark it.creativeone5915 months ago Thank you for all of your invaluable information, it is priceless. creativeone59Susana S15 months ago What lovely comments to come back to :) I'm thrilled that you're finding this info useful.  Here's to more pennies for everyone - Salute!Madison2215 months ago WOW,thank you so much!! I'm pretty new at this so your tips definetly come in handy.kephrira15 months ago Loads of interesting info, thanks. Theres a couple of content sharing sites you've highlighted that I've never heard of before so I'll be bookmarking this page and taking a look at them.Isabellas15 months ago Very good hub! I do a ton of bookmarking and article submissions per day. I can tell you that it can get very overwhelming quickly. I do have to agree Redgage is very nice to use, but it is very slow!!!KwameG15 months ago Really great info, explains a lot of things and lays out some great resources. thanksNWWPHD15 months ago WOW! This has been by far the most informative post I've read regarding increasing traffic to websites. Clear, forward looking, and full of excellent information. Thank you.Helen Cater15 months ago Thanks will bookmark this as I have not got into the social bookmarking sites yet.Nan Mynatt15 months ago Thanks for the tips.  I am new at writing for HubPages and the advise I know will be useful.GeneralHowitzer15 months ago Dropping by to say that I just featured your hub... Hope it is okay with you else I'll delete it... Erase this if its irrelevant to you I don't like to spam hehehe... :)Susana S15 months ago Helen - content sharing sites are different to social bookmarking sites. With social bookmarking they don't really want you to post your own content - content sharing sites do. My view is that social bookmarking does little to improve CTR. You may get a little flurry of traffic, but that's about it.General - Great that you've featured my hub! Where is it? Want to post a link here? I checked your profile but did not see any links to outside sites.Cheeky Girl15 months ago Wow, Susana S - you are a Mine of Information! My eyes are truly open! Can you write a darn book on all this? I will buy it! Seriously good Hub!quicksand15 months ago Hey! You've summed up everything in just a couple of hubs. I have a habit of checking out every article on SEO, traffic generation, etc, since every point of view matters to me. I guess you've come out on top!You deserve a candy bar as big as the Tower of Eiffel!Cheers! Thanks!Anamika S15 months ago Many of those sites are new to me. Thanks for sharing!Michelle E Alford14 months ago I enjoyed this hub very informative and something that I can use.  Thanks for taking the time to create such a wonderful hub to share with others.wannabwestern14 months ago Wow Susana, this is why I need to keep reading hubs every day. I learn so much from my fellow hubbers. This is an excellent and informative article chock full of information. High praise: bookmarked, fanned, and Digged.Dense14 months ago Very informative! And thanks for answering my question. :)scheng114 months ago great hub.  I'm good at writing but completely rotten at promotion.  I have to work harder at thisHope Wilbanks14 months ago Quite an informative hub, with a ton of good info!uliveulearn14 months ago Wow, your hub is good stuff and very helpful to this newbie. I have bookmarked it to refer again and will check your other hubs.  Much to learn.  Thanks for making it a bit easier.Duchess OBlunt14 months ago Promotion is the hardest part for me.  I'll be bookmarking this for laterJ  Rosewater14 months ago Yes, you really know what you are doing. Well done, I learned a lot from you.Bbudoyono13 months ago I have signed up to RedGage and She told me. Thanks for sharing it.TINA V13 months ago I am new in online writing. I am not a computer techie.  I learned a lot from this hub. I just hope I can apply it all. :-)More power to you!Tracy Dukes12 months ago Very, very informative hub. I am waiting for my Adsense ID then will sign up! Really nice of you to share all your knowledge with us.lifeboost12 months ago Another great hub, Susana, thanks v much again! xSusana S12 months ago oh dear - I have seriously neglected to folllow up comments on this article - many apologies to all those who took the time to leave a message - I do appreciate each one of them! I'll try and do better :)You're welcome lifeboost :)Tracey - my philospsohy is share what you know and make things easier for everyone. I like sharing :)Edweirdo11 months ago Thanks for the informative Hub - I'm going to try a few these to promote my Hubs!Susana S11 months ago Good luck with it Edweirdo (cool nickname!)alvinlim8411 months ago Hi Susana,May I know the click through rate (CTR) will increase the position on SERP or increase "vote" even the link has "nofollow" attribute?Thanks for sharing a great hub :)Susana S11 months ago Hi Alvin - Click through rate refers to the % of adverts clicked compared to visits on your pages so if you have 100 visitors and 10 of them click on an ad, your CTR is 10%. So really has nothing to do with serps.If you mean do high visitor numbers increase your serp, even if the link is no follow? My guess is I guess so to some degree but it will depend on so many factors. Like how much competition your keyphrase has - if it has little or none then it will go high in serps almost straight away. Getting sustained traffic will be helpful, but I'm not so sure about little flurries such as you would get from twitter, facebook etc.One of the biggest benefits of traffic through content sharing sites, is that if people find your article useful to them they will quite likely share it or link to it.myownworld10 months ago Another superb hub....I can't seem to get enough of them! I wish I'd found you earlier...still better late, than never! Finally someone gives information that is both useful and easy to understand..:)Susana S10 months ago Thanks myownworld - making things simple is my mission! :)nearbuystore.com10 months ago Nice article first page on google though gets around 42% of clicks not 70%Susana S10 months ago Hi nearbuystore - it's number 1 on the 1st page of Google that gets 70% of clicks. Maybe I wasn't very clear in my explanation. Thanks :)rawliving10 months ago Hi, you've packed a lot of great tips into this Hub!  Great advice.I'm new to the HP community - have been concentrating more on building Squidoo lenses but I have got a lot more valuable tips since joining here. thank younearbuystore.com10 months ago number 1 on googles first page gets roughly around 42% depending on your ctr gets higher.70% maybe you will get if all the other pages are irrelevant to the search very difficult though maybe impossible.Sorry to be so annoying about a small little detail.link wheels10 months ago You can also use social networking sites and microblogging site to gain more traffic. For more info on how to gain more traffic and backlinks, check out my hub.http://hubpages.com/hub/LINK-WHEELS-HOW-TO-MAKE-THSusana S10 months ago Hi rawliving - thanks for stopping by :)H nearbuystore - not annoying, lol. In fact it's spurred me on to look for the correct info on click distribution in the serps. You're right the 1st result averages about 56% of clicks - it's numbers 1 and 2 that make the 70% that I've got. I will have to edit my article! I found this, which while fairly old (2006), seems to be the most up to date study on clicks and serps: http://www.seoresearcher.com/distribution-of-clickSusana S10 months ago Link Wheels - I appreciate your comments, but can you stop putting your hub links in them please! It's not good form on Hubpages and if you are viewed as a spammer, hubbers will not look at your work. Thanks :)xdarata10 months ago Thanks a lot. Your artikel is very nice for me. I am really still try to get more traffics.Cassidella10 months ago Great Hub. It's a keeper! Thanks for sharing the info.Missi Darnell10 months ago Whew! Bookmarked it! Fabulous for new hubbers like myself. Thank you.Susana S10 months ago Hi Missi Darnell - glad it was useful to you:) Using content sharing websites is a good way to get some free backlinks and a bit of traffic. Good luck with your hubbing!Research Analyst10 months ago Great thanks so much! Put you in my bookmark.kea9 months ago Thanks for the great information.  I'm checking out Bukisa now!  Cheers.Annie May9 months ago Brilliant! thanks so much -  now I can have a go at the nextstep and try to get some trafficJArbor9 months ago This one's a keeper. Thanks for taking the time to write it up.sonitt9 months ago Hi susanna isn't it against google adsense tos if you take a small summary of your website content and place it in content sharing sites like the ones mentioned above, as it is a repeatation of the same content at various sites.Plz do replySusana S9 months ago Hi sonitt, no it's not against adsense TOS. It is better to write a new summary, but if you don't google doesn't care. Here's some info from the horses mouth: http://googlewebmastercentral.blogspot.com/2008/09pakpub9 months ago Thanks for sharing this valuable information. When you write a hub how many of the content sharing websites do you usually link from?Susana S9 months ago Your welcome pakpub :) I use shetoldme, yousaytoo, redgage, dofollowdigg and Zimbio regularly. I sometimes also write short articles for Ezine for backlinks and I keep meaning to start at Bukisa but haven't got round to it yet.I'm using forums a lot more for backlinks nowadays and I also get a monthly packet of backlinking venues for $5. If you're interested have a look here: http://hubpages.com/hub/Backlink-Tool-On-Budget-Oryolkstar9 months ago One of the best articles I read being new to this area. Very helpful for me. Thank for sharing!LucySusana S9 months ago Thanks Yolkstar :) Content sharing sites are a good option for increasing your traffic and backlinks.englightenedsoul9 months ago Excellent Hub Susana but I have a doubt.  I am registered on dofollowdigg but it does not share any revenue.  Has it stopped doing it now recently. They don't even ask for the publisher ID.  Please do check, I will check again.Marisa Wright9 months ago Qondio has been around a long time - it used to be called Qassia.  Lissie enlisted a lot of Hubbers to the site when it started - maybe two years ago?  It was free at the time.  I have some articles on there but have never got any traffic from it, nor have I earned a cent from them - and others have reported the same thing.Susana S9 months ago Thanks enlightenedsoul - I will have to check that out. It's been a while since I used it, so maybe they have changed things.Marisa - Yes, I found that out about Qondio after I wrote this. It's just one option from the many from people to choose from. The traffic may be lousy, but their links are dofollow as far as I know.englightenedsoul9 months ago Okk Susana I will surely check again.  Though I did find many blogs and sites mentioning dofollowdigg as revenue sharing sites but could not find anything relating to it on the dofollowdigg site.Susana S8 months ago Hi enlightenedsoul - Have just been over to DoFollowDigg and it says they are still revenue sharing here: http://www.dofollowdigg.com/page/adsense-sharing/But....I also can't find where someone would add their adsense ID. I know I did when I signed up, but I can't find it now in my profile area. I will drop them an email if I have a chance.englightenedsoul8 months ago Thanks for the link Susana.  I read the page and the snapshot they have put up says we need to enter our adsense id right below the avatar but the field is totally absent now.  Also I could not find any help section there so that I could email them.  Do let me know if you contact them.  This is getting so confusing.  And I am extremely sorry if I am troubling you.  But I am very curious mind, can't resist asking questions.Susana S8 months ago I couldn't find a contact link either. I would assume that they aren't renevue sharing any longer and don't want to answer any questions about it either!englightenedsoul8 months ago Thanks Susana for taking the pains and answering my query.  I think it has become non revenue sharing now but still a dofollow site so worth it.  Thanks again.pmccray8 months ago Thanks Susana S for more great shared info. I've joined 2 Xomba and shetoldme awhile back and have seen marked improvements in my stats.  The others are new to me, and I'm checking them out TODAY.  Again thank you so much!!!  Bookmarked, shared and rated.thisisoli8 months ago Nice hub :)You should bang your referral ID on to some of those links though, and put tracker codes in to the other Hubpages links!Susana S8 months ago Hi Oli - Thanks :) I hope you're settling in ok in the US? I bet you're having a fantastic time you lucky sod!I've got my referral ID's on about 3 of the links, which is a bit cheeky since you're only supposed to have 2, lol. I didn't think I'd get away with any more - if I could, I would! U reckon I could??You're absolutely right about my referral tracker being absent. I'm in the process of going through all my hubs and making sure I've got the tracker in, but I obviously haven't got to this one yet. Thanks for the reminder :)Super Chef8 months ago Excellent info will rate up and bookmark for future use!!!nadp8 months ago This hub is really helpful.  I have to make some time to do these things!Susana S8 months ago Many thanks Super Chef and nadp :) My advice is to start off with one or two content sharing sites and go from there, otherwise it can feel a bit overwhelming. Redgage and shetoldme are good to begin with.Lowongan Kerja Terbaru8 months ago I have already started reading some of your articles. i found great articles here. And I will get back here. I just added your blog to my bookmark sites. thanks.efficientwebsite8 months ago One of the best articles I read being new to this area. Very helpful for me. Thank for sharing!Mark Jenner7 months ago Thanks - some useful links of yours can only help readers with their backlinks!joshuawa7 months ago I just couldn't leave your website before saying that I really enjoyed the quality information you offer to your visitors... seo marketingSusana S7 months ago Many thanks joshua and special thanks for inserting one of my keywords!Paulo Santos7 months ago Hi SusI've been using some other bookmarking sites that suposedly are do follow like diigo, bibsononmy, linkagogo,buddymarks,etc. But I just found out that most of the sites I got are thematic and so not giving any traffic. Do these websites you mentioned in your article leaning into a specific topic or are just content sharing websites?Thank you for this great hub ;)Susana S7 months ago Hi Paulo, no these content sharing sites have a variety of categories. You just need to make sure you use the option to create tags so that your articles are categorised correctly. You'll also have to create custom descriptions of your hubs to get the most from them. Good luck!wayne0017 months ago Thank you, Susana. Good job.Amit Hingenkar7 months ago Thanks for all the information.its straight and simple.... gr8 jobAnamika S7 months ago Susana, I use some of these sites! However, there are some sites i have not used which is mentioned in your list. It is a good idea to use those to promote content. Thanks for the share!Research Analyst7 months ago Thanks for the list of content sharing sites, some I am familiar with while others were new to me. great work.Susana S7 months ago Hi Anamika :) I use about half of these content sharing sites regularly. Zimbio and YouSayToo are great if you have your own blogs. Thanks for visiting!Thanks Research Analyst - hope you found it helpful :)Shona Venter7 months ago Thanks for the useful information and sites. Will definitely be making the most of using them for my blog as well.Keep up the quality hubs. They are very much appreciated.Susana S7 months ago Hi Shona - Thank you for visiting :) Yep these content sharing sites are helpful for blogs, articles and websites that need an extra boost.Anam6 months ago Just finished reading your article Susana and it ROCKS! Content sharing is a new strategy that I've been wanting to implement, so thanks for the expert advice.How to - Answers6 months ago Thanks for your excellent review of each backlink site.  I will be joining the ones that are new to me.  The information you provide on this hub will save me hours of research so I appreciate it. Will be bookmarking for future reference tooyalenova6 months ago Thanks for the useful information and sites.5institutes6 months ago In a word: awesomeness.In another: **Gasp!**Yet another, sorta: Supercalifragilisticixpialidotious!DO NOT ask me how to spell that...GREAT hub!mulberry15 months ago Good information. I guess I need to go back and check out Bukisa, I thought all of their links were NoFollow.Susana S5 months ago I'll double check Bukisa. Thanks for letting me know.shabarigirish5 months ago Very informative hub Susan, I bookmarked it. ThanksSumera5 months ago Very useful and informative blog post concerning Top Content Sharing Websites for Free SEO Marketing, Traffic and Backlinks. I have bookmarked your blog for future posts and I will also refer your blog to my friends.TnFlash5 months ago Great Hub! I feel back linking is my weakest skill and this has been a big help. Voted up, awesome and bookmarkedkhasle5 months ago Brilliant Hub - I have been trying for days now to try and get my head around what you have just explained to me in a 20 minute read - thank you!blackhatworld5 months ago I voted your hub up and gave it an Awesome.  You are one of first persons on Hubpages that actually knows what they are talking about when it comes to SEO.Thanks for the read.crisswhite4 months ago Bukisa is nofollow (I checked). Dinosauric.com is dofollow. Xomba kept rejecting articles due to linking out to other sites so I gave up on them. Got some good leads from this article though - thanks!creativesudhir4 months ago I have voted up and useful because it is really useful. I like this hub.My heartily thanks to you for this hub.kmackey324 months ago thank you so much for mentioning my hub... U rock... :)opensourcevarsity4 months ago Great content along with a brief but focused paragraph on what the recommended site does.  Excellent hub content. Thanks heaps.  I am looking to begin promoting my hubs and this really helped.Susana S4 months ago Cheers kmackey - your hub on RSS really helped me when I was trying to work out what the hell it meant!Thanks opensource and you're welcome :)Tom_Radford4 months ago Hi susanaThis is an awesome hub full of great info. I'll definately be checking out these links! ThanksViktoriaGrace3 months ago Thanks for the info on bukisa.com!  I found your hub by looking up information on sites like hubpages.  Found what I was looking for here.  I appreciate it!  :)JasonPrairieWeb3 months ago Thanks for sharing, I learned a couple new content sharing sits!Wooded2 months ago Thank you for the awesome hub. The information was invaluable. Please keep up the good work.Jalus2 months ago Content sharing is the way of future business. I have bookmark this hub and will be sure to pass it on. Incredibly useful information, I look forward to future hubs of this caliber.William K Wallace2 months ago I'm going to get right onto this, I wasn't even aware of the importance and benefits of content sharing...now I do!joehickox8 weeks ago great site. i was not aware of all this great stuffJustin Bieber Doll7 weeks ago Fantastic info. I will make full use of it. Thanks againmetabolictypingdiet4 weeks ago I have come back to say thanks for all the info. I have registered with 5 of the sites and have already got backlinks. Thanks alot!info guy12 days ago Great Hub Susana!I am constantly looking for new back link sourcesFreakin AwesomeThank youJamesTilenHrovatic6 days ago Great hub!My question: Is it OK to import my article from HubPages to YouSayToo?MoneyCreator245 days ago Fantastic! Very useful informations. Have bookmarked it to read it again. And printed it out. voted upSusana S3 days ago Thanks everyone :)@Tilen - I can't remember the ins and outs of YouSayToo, they have changed quite a few things since I wrote this. One word of warning though, you don't really want to be putting up duplicates of your hubs on other websites - a unique summary with a link is ok, but copy and paste jobs aren't worth it.cmaree22 hours ago Thanks, this is really good information.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesSEO and SEM LinksSearch Engine Optimization, Google Optimization - SEO ChatSearch Engine Optimization, Google Optimization - SEO ChatTop 25 SEO BlogsI love rankings, what can I say. After I published the Top 25 Blogs About Blogging list I thought that someone would replicate it for the SEO sphere. But no one did, so here we go again.Perform Better With AdSense: The Ultimate Round-Up - Smashing MagazineGoogle AdSense is the easiest and quickest way to make your website, of any size, profitable. Sign-up, generate your ads and copy & paste the code into your web page, andwell, thats it really. You are earning money.SEO Keywords | Search Engine OptimizationSearch Engine Optimization (SEO) aims to maximize profitable traffic from search engines to websites. Wordtracker has commissioned and interviewed a cast of renowned professionals to give you insight into their work.Search Engine Optimization Articles - Website Promotion - SEO News - Complete Webmaster\'s ReferenceA comprehensive and categorized collection of articles, news and software reviews on search engine optimization, SE marketing, and web promotionContent Marketing TodayHow to turn prospects into buyers with content marketingSearch Engine Journal | Latest Search Engine NewsLatest Search Engine News from the Search Engine JournalBlog Tips to Help You Make Money Blogging - ProBloggerMake Money Online. Useful tips and advice for article writers, content writers and bloggers.98Susana S1600 Followers117 HubsJoined 20 months agoRead more hubs by Susana SContact Susana SFollow Susana SSubscribe to Susana S's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Susana S a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsDo you leave comments on blogs and websites with your hub links to promote?asked by PMS9 3 weeks ago7 answersAnswer this questionDoes anyone have any good tips on search engine optimisation (SEO). I'd like to get some more...asked by 17thStory 2 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsGoogle and Google AdSense:  The Power of Backlinksby Rebecca E.How To Increase Traffic To Your Hubpages!by SunSevenHubpages Traffic - Use of Tags to Drive Google Trafficby johnr54An Awesome Idea To Get More Traffic to Your Sites and Blogsby SunSevenGetting Traffic With Pingingby David 470Traffic Factor:  Four Things That Help Me Increase Trafficby Rebecca E. Search Engine Traffic for HubPages ForumTopicRepliesASK.com  indexed my hub for the number 1 spot ?!?!?!?! SHOCKER! :oposted by Abbasangel6Unavoidable Repetitive Contentposted by bogerk4Firefox SEO Plugin Resultsposted by edelhaus4Post a new topic29 more topics Tagsinternet marketing google hubpages seo traffic Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.848 sec)  working