Male AnorexiaHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHealthMental HealthEating Disorders and Mental HealthAnorexiaMale AnorexiaMale Anorexia95rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy PrincessaEating disorders such as anorexia are not just a "girl's problem".  Eating disorders affect both sexes.  The causes, effects and treatment are similar.  The main difference is that it is more difficult to identify the disorder and to get adequate treatment for men     Studies on Male anorexia There are few large studies of men with anorexia and bulimia.  One of them is the one carried out by the department of Psychiatry at the University of Toronto.  The study suggests that eating disorders may be higher among men than the current National Association of Anorexia Nervosa and Associated Disorders estimates. They believe that men make up about 1 million of the 8 million Americans with eating disorders. Another study in 2007 by the Harvard University Medical School suggested that up to 25%  of adults with eating disorders were male. The study was based on information obtained from a mental health survey of nearly 9,000 adults across the U.S. Dr Arnold E Andersen, MD a professor of psychiatry at the University of Iowa says that men with eating disorders have been "ignored, neglected and dismissed because of statistical infrequency".  My Life As a Male AnorexicAmazon Price: $9.00List Price: $22.50Skinny Boy: A Young Man's Battle and Triumph Over AnorexiaAmazon Price: $11.11List Price: $17.95Skeletal Marriage: My AnorexiaAmazon Price: $12.98List Price: $14.00Boys Get Anorexia Too: Coping with Male Eating Disorders in the FamilyAmazon Price: $36.95Misconceptions about male eating disordersMisconceptions about male eating disorders, keep men from getting adequate treatment and often they are excluded from treatment based only on gender.  Anorexia is thought of as a girl's disease and men and their families think that it cannot happen to them.  Even after they suspect it, they do not want to admit that they have "a girl's disease" and neither do they want to go to specialized care mainly aimed at women. To make matters worse, men are more reluctant to ask for help because since childhood they are taught to "be in control", to "keep themselves together" without seeking out help. To be unable to control something in life is mistaken as a sign of weakness for men.  Often, men are not allowed to express their feelings and may turn to eating disordered behaviour to cope with uncomfortable feelings.   Even if men ask for professional help, they are frequently refused treatment.  Most medical establishments are not prepared and many don't even know how to respond, as treatment is different in men and women because they have different worries and expectancies about their body image.  Men relate in terms of "strong" or "weak".  For some fat is associated with being weak, unmanly and disgusting. So, for many men, structured forms of exercise are carried to obsessive levels.  Physically, anorexia in men may be less noticeable than in women because men can still have muscle mass even though they are thin.  But this fact makes anorexia more dangerous in men as they lose more muscle and tissue, as opposed to women losing mainly fat in the early stages.  Diagnosis Diagnosing an eating disorder in a man is often more complicated than diagnosing that of a woman.  Often men do not just starve' themselves like the girls, but they over-exercise. So for a longer time, they tend to look healthier and muscular, whereas girls look washed out.  Also, a classic sign of anorexia, amenorrhea, cannot be applied in men.  In men, Doctors are more likely to look for physical causes of weight change before considering an eating disorder.  For men with eating disorders, levels of testosterone decrease along with sexual libido, which often go unreported or unnoticed. The eating disorder Bulimia may go partly unrecognized, as overeating by men is less likely to evoke concern. The diagnosis of an eating disorder in men takes about twice as long as in women, leaving the problems associated with the eating disorder to worsen.Symptoms Despite the gender differences, anorexia and bulimia are characterized, in both men and women, by essentially the same traits: self-induced starvation, an excessive fear of becoming fat even when thin, and a tendency toward compulsive living patterns. Doctors often don't spot the signs in men.  Symptoms can involve: -Noticeable weight loss or fluctuating in size. Obsessive preoccupation with body, weight and shape.Compulsive over-exercisin. Abuse of products that help "bulk up". Decreased sexual desire.Depression, fatigue. Performing food rituals or restricting the amounts or types of foods eaten (eating no fat or eating only vegetables, for example). Also Inability to eat with others.Vomiting or using laxatives or diuretics. Use of diet pills. Perfectionist behaviour. Isolating oneself.Thinning hair. Assessment QuizAssessment QuizIf you are worried that you or someone you know might be suffering from an eating disorder, you can do the assessment quiz offered by the eating disorders organization.  There are only a few questions to answer and you get an immediate assessment.Counselling for Eating Disorders in Men (Living Therapy)Amazon Price: $38.00Recovery  An important part of recovery is accepting that you have an eating disorder and talking about it.What To Do?  See a physician to identify any physical problems contributing to, or resulting from, the eating disorder. Speak with a psychotherapist or mental-health professional who specializes in the treatment of these disorders. Experts also recommend contacting a nutritionist or registered dietician to help develop healthful eating habits and menu planning. Male Eating Disorder SurvivorMale anorexia in the newsUSA Today Male AnorexiaThomas Holbrook knows from experience that eating disorders don't discriminate between the sexes. A Wisconsin psychiatrist who specializes in the treatment of eating disorders, Holbrook became victim of anorexia after suffering a knee injury. Risk factors in men: Some factors that might put a man at risk of being affected by an eating disorder are: Negative family patterns. Parents who stress fitness or athleticism to an unhealthy degree, or have unrealistic expectations for their children.Media influence. Magazines and TV commercials increasingly sport photos of lean, muscular, athletic-looking men.Traumatic events. Sexual, physical or emotional abuse.During adolescence, teasing and taunting by their peers, as well as difficulty fitting into the masculine values of competitiveness, aggressiveness, strength, athleticism and independence.Overweight in childhood which leads to dieting during puberty. Confusion and anxiety about becoming a man and growing up.  Some males attempt to deal with their sexual impulses by developing an eating disorder as a way to attempt to regain control over their bodies. The practice of certain sports where body shape and size are important.  For example: runners, jockeys, gymnasts, ice skaters and dancers are at increased risk. Also wrestlers who try to shed pounds quickly before a match so they can compete in a lower weight category seem to be at special risk. A job or profession that demands thinness, like modelling and acting. Men who experienced intense emotional pain and do not know how to cope with it in a healthy way, try to control eating habits, weight or bodily functions as means to provide a sense of control Forum on anorexiaEating Disorder Bulletin Board | Anorexia Forums | Bulimia | ED Forums | Compulsive Overeating | TheForum on anorexia.  A place to share your story and find support.  Their bulletin board is closely monitored to ensure everyone's best interests -- and those wishing to post will have to register first.Forum for people with eating disordersThis forum is for everyone with any type of Eating Disorder who wants to interact with others and talk about emotions and issues surrounding the battle and recovery from an Eating Disorder. John Lennon and Yoko Ono, 1980.  Photo taken by Annie Leibovitz only a few hours before John Lennon was shot dead. Male Celebrities with Eating DisordersElton John, gone public about his struggles with bulimia.Actor Billy Bob Thornton went public about his weight issues and struggles with anorexia. Actor Dennis Quaid spoke out about his battle with anorexia in the mid-1990s which he developed because he had to lose some weight for a role in a movie. Actor Matthew Perry (Friends) was battling an eating disorder in the past. Elvis Presley suffered an eating disorder and chronic depression. Alfred Hitchcock struggled with compulsive eating.Musician Richey James struggled with anorexia. John Lennon struggled with anorexia before his death.Franz Kafka, suffered from anorexia. Businessman David Beckermert, a successful CEO and President of a billion-dollar Calgary oil and gas company, openly talked about his struggle with bulimia,  Men-Anorexia and social influence Societal pressures to obtain the "ideal" body image are no longer gender specific.  Men's magazines focussing on looks, fitness, and nutrition are as numerous as female magazines.  Also television and movies saturate us with images of beautifully buildt men. The male body has become a sex object as much as the female body has been for decades.  Nowadays, men comprise over a quarter of all cosmetic surgery patients. Men as much as women are keen to have restrictive diets, cosmetic surgery, beauty treatments and whatever might be necessary to look the way they want. More about ED:Eating DisordersIn a society which places excessivevalues on being slim, many women have a tortured relationship with food andtheir bodies. Sadly, eating disorders are rife, particularly among teenagegirls, however, women... - 5 months agoBulimia: help yourselfAre you Bulimic and want to change that? Do you want to regain control of your life and finish with the circle of Bulimic behaviour? The most important thing to stopping bulimic behaviour is wanting to stop it. You are the only person who can decide whether to stop it or not. - 2 years agoBulimiaEating and vomiting are not new behaviours in our society.  They existed together since the antiquity.  It is recorded that during the time of the great Roman Emperors vomiting was an accepted behaviour during their parties and orgies.  It was such a common behaviour that there was an area called the vomitorium. - 2 years agovote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny Awesome Beautiful Men's SwimwearBeautiful men 2008CommentsIsabella Snow2 years ago Wow, you never think about men having this problem. Good hub, Princessa!Princessa2 years ago Thanks Isabella, I hope it helps bring awareness.Rapidwriter2 years ago Fantastically well-researched hub, Princessa. My stepson had anorexia as a youngster -apparently it started when he was a babe in arms. Luckily it didn't affect his physical health but he was uncommunicative, moody and lacking in social skills. Still dosn't admit it to it, though luckily, when he was 17, his mother got him into abehaviourist programme, which got participants involved in cooking their own meals and through it, discussion on eating habits. He's still quirky and a strict vegetarian- and almost unconsciously uses refusal of foodto convey displeasure or pain. But he's mostly normal, a highly sucessfull architec and Dad of two gorgeous toddlers. But it was as you point out, arefusal todiagnose this in a mae that took so long I first suggested it might be the case when I noticed his ritualised eating habits andlabile bhaiours around food - but the professionals insisted, anorexia is a woman.Princessa2 years ago Rapidwriter: Thanks for your comment.  I think that the more awareness on the disease the better will react to it.  The more we know about it, the easier it would be to help our dearest ones who might be in danger.It is important that health professionals stop with their misconceptions on anorexia and that patients and their families insist in adequate treatment.   Jason Stanley2 years ago Princessa, Great to get this conversation started. While you focused on anorexia you also mentioned compulsive eating which is significant problem with men.One of the problems with male compulsive eating is men are considered "hardy" or "stout" or "powerful" when they really are overweight even medically obese.  In our culture men are not seen as overweight until it is very noticeable such as a man who is 5'9" at 225 pounds.  Even then he is not considered obese even though medically he would be.  Women are often considered plump or overweight with just 10 to 15 pounds extra.Many men I have talked to who are 80 or more pounds overweight want to get down to a weight that would have them medically still at least 40 pounds overweight.  They say that any less and they would feel too thin.I am 5'9", and at 155 pounds am right in the middle of the suggested healthy weight range.  Yet most Americans tell me that I look too thin.If a guy is overweight, chances are extremely good that he has a compulsive eating disorder (I call it the Food Monster).  Unfortunately, he probably won't admit it and the culture supports it.JasonPrincessa2 years ago Jason:I think Americans are used to see 'bigger' people.  I remember everybody remarking on how thin I was when I was living in NY.  Yet, I was within my healthy weight!  it was very frustrating.It is true that men are "allowed" to have extra weigth without being thought as compulsive eaters.  We tend to be more critical of women who over eat than of men. That is why it is important to rise awareness that eating disorders affect both sexes.   KatieB2 years ago Quite interesting list of celebrities! Thanks.Decrescendo2 years ago Nice find. Thanks for the heads upPrincessa2 years ago I want to exercise my boobs: Hi, I visited your page, http://www.man-boobs.org very interesting.  I hope that it can help others with the same problem.Also I want to thank you for bringing awareness of this problem to my hub.   wellness52 years ago It is true that big people will hang out with big people- similarly, skinny people will seek out appropriately sized friends . Great hub and thanks for talking about a subject that is not often mentioned.Princessa2 years ago wellness5: you are welcome.   I hope more people becomes aware of this problem to help those who suffer from it.Learn And Know2 years ago The key for healthy life is balance don't do too much from anythingYou can find  more more about dieat at http://besthubpages.com/search.php?what=diet Jeedad2 years ago Really good hub and great informations!Princessa2 years ago Learn and Know: thanks for the link to some very interesting resources about dieting.Jeedad: I hope it was useful, shared it with others as the key to help male anorexics is information.   shyamchat2 years ago My father at his 89+ makes an interesting study.He is thin....has been so almost throughout his life. He has remained fit by controlling his food intake and long hours of walk.He is having a little problems with aches and pains and have lost most of vision because glaumoma.But, his all other organs are fine.At this age, he is obsessed with food intake quantity, has become  underwight as a result of anorexia and is on the verge of physical weakness.He can easily eat heartily , continue having long walks and add 4 kgs to his 5'10" frame which weighs around 52 kgs !!His problem arises from the fact that he believes eating less and less and less and less is the way to live long w/out 'life-style' diseases.Anorexia has given him a long life, but, kept him at the border-line of weakness for last 8 years or so.I also feel he ability to enjoy and have a 'let-go' attitude he should sport with his financial,family and health situations is missing.ManifestDestiny2 years ago I know this isnt really the place but i'm 17 year old male from Scotland. I have been struggling with my weight since i was 14. As a child/teen i was overweight now i am medically underweight. I dont eat for days on end and when i do i purge. I cant help it, i feel like such a failure when i eat like i'm not even a human being. It gets me so down sometimes that i'm "fat" i feel like ending my life, like its perfection or nothing at all. My parents are going through a divorce atm and in the past 3 years 2 of my best friends have died. I only eat in secret and even then the maximum is 500 calories a day anymore and i have to exercise more than i all ready do. I have had 2 gym memberships revoked. My parents always try to get me to eat saying i'm too thin and they threaten me with hospital sometimes. The only thing i can say i'm happy with is my school work i have been accepted into the best uni in Scotland and i'm a straight A student. I passed all exams with flying colours yet i still feel i could do better. I abuse painkillers such as vicodin and oxycodone. The only reason why i'm typing this atm is because i'm high and feeling a little brave, i dont even know why i type this because i know i wont change my ways or get help. But yes there is a problem with male eating disorders they do exist and all i am in the abyss is another statistic.Sorry for the wall of text i really just need to vent.Princessa2 years ago shyamchat and ManifestDestiny: Thank you for sharing your experiences with us.  Feel free to come back  any time you need to.  All the best!Nicola2 years ago ManifestDestiny  i wan't to reply but i kinda can't and i dought you will read this, but i think thats sad! like you friends and your parents! TT-TT . I'm doing a grade 8 school speech on anorexia and i've looked up a bunch of stuff on it and yeah but not eating is terrible! like i eat alot but i don't get bigger so everyone says im anorexic but im not >0< but you should be eating bbecause the things anorexia can do are scary..missesMask22 months ago This is a very interesting hub. As a long-time sufferer of fluctuating bulimia nervosa and anorexia, I have always wondered how many men and boys suffered from the disorders as well. Though women are 8 times as likely to fall victim to these disorders, I'm sure there are more men out there who aren't being treated because they haven't told anyone, possibly due to shame that the social stigma provides them. This isn't a "girl's disease" it is a human emotional and psychological disorder that men and women actoss the globe suffer from for one reason or another, and it is something one cannot just "walk away" from at the drop of a hat. I really feel sorry for men and boys who suffer from this, possibly feeling less than a man because of the social stigma, and they probably don't get the help they so desperately need. Society needs to change the way it thinks about anorexia and bulimia.Loved the post!missesMask :)Princessa22 months ago missesMask: thanks for sharing your experience.  Awareness is one of the keys to help ED sufferers. Grant Lawrence22 months ago Hi Princessa,Nicely done....a subject not discussed schools.  It seems to me that the beauty industry first dissected the female body and marketed solutions for each part of the body (eyes, lips, hair...) and perpetuated a myth on the ideal body shape.  This has expanded slowly over the past 2-3 decades to marketing to men. Now living in a smaller town (having moved from a 1 m+ populated city) I heard for the first time on the radio an add directed to men about laser hair removal!Perhaps we need to look closer at the social and demographic changes that have taken place over the past 40-50 years and arm families and boys/young men with knowledge and develop their intellect to make better decisions.Cheers,GrantJane21 months ago Heya, do you have a reference for the harvard study??Princessa21 months ago Hi Grant, it is amazing how such an important issue is ignored at schools.Hi Jane,you can find more direct information here: http://www.mclean.harvard.edu/news/press/current.pprofitindex19 months ago I am so darn fat I wish I had this problem.Princessa19 months ago profitindex:  Anorexia is a very real problem.  People with anorexia can suffer a number of potentially  fatal medical conditions, including heart disease, kidney and liver disease, and  potassium and magnesium imbalances that can lead to heart failure.In addition,  they often suffer from osteoporosis, low blood  pressure, ulcers, dizziness, irregular heart rhythm, headaches, and many other physical problems.  Anorexic statistics indicate  that they also experience anxiety, depression, and other psychological problems  as well.You should be thankful NOT to have this problem. Ana Boy18 months ago this is not really how it is in real life, belive me. It's not nearly this "nice".You can't sleep cuz ur hungry, u cant focus cuz u've got no energy. After a while you can't eaven keep on exercising cuz you faint every time cuz ur bodu just cant take it any more.D0N17 months ago I know it's a matter of time before I die of not eating. No one sees what I'm going through. I always lie and tell them I ate. I want to die because my life has no meaning. I'm a nobody. My weight is the only thing that is important to me. That's the only thing I have control of because I have no control of anything else in my life. I'm just going through the motions of living when in fact I have no life worth living. I'll miss things but I know I went out doing something I was in control of that had a meaning to my life. This is not a crying out for help, and I don't care if anyone feels sorry for me. No one knows me or understands me at all. No one sees me, I'm not even a person to anyone. The best thing I can do for myself is to die doing something I believed in. That's all that matters to me. I don't want to eat or care to eat. It's my slow suicide to ending my life. They say life is beautiful but I never got a chance to see it. It's all been suffering and ugly to me. The more weight I lose the happier I am knowing that one day my suffering will come to an end.Megan14 months ago great site. it's true. most people see anorexics as being woman only. it really is a sad thing.infinitenesmith12 months ago Thanks for the detailed an informative hub!  As a woman who has struggled with eating problems in the past, I've really only read up on ED in relation to women.  It's good to know that there are people out there spreading the word about these diseases and their effects on BOTH genders.Sound of Me10 months ago Great hub! I also just wanted to point out that the somethingfishy forum link you posted isn't just for anorexia, but bulimia, compulsive overeating, binge eating, and EDNOS (eating disorders not otherwise specified), as well. I do believe, however, that there is a section on that board dedicated to males struggling with eating disorders. Eating disorders in general have such an innumerable amount of misconceptions surrounding them, and this is a biggie. Very informative!Mamelody9 months ago men have anorexia?? that is total news to me.. probably because where I come from men eat like pigs and they all have beer guts! very well written hub and another thing I've learnt today. Thanks princessvivek dubey8 months ago great hubPrincessa8 months ago Megan: it is sad and dangerous, because these misconceptions stop men from getting help on time.infinitenesmith: Eating disorders affect both men and women, it is just that most of the media has concentrated in ED in women and have ignored ED in men.Sound of Me: thank you for your support.Mamelody: you are welcome.  I think this is a very important issue.Vivek: Just trying to bring awareness to the topic.lovelypaper8 months ago It's good that you have brought this important subject to light.Miss. Nat. Rose7 months ago I myself have never suffered with an eating disorder. but i do feel very sorry for the people that do suffer with it must be very hard for all of you to deal with, don't suffer aloneNatalie xPrincessa7 months ago Lovelypaper and Miss Nat: Thanks for your support.Ce'Ce7 months ago i am researching this for my project in High School and i was curious if you could help with the info??I am researching this for my service learning:BTW.Paula5 months ago It was years ago that i had gone thru this myself. Mine was due to stress be on my control and the only thing i could control was my intake of food. I am now 41 and healthy. I married 15 years ago to a not heavy man but healthy man, just in the past few years i have noticed how wanting to be like guys on magizines he has change. It is easy for someone who has been thru itto see it. Thou i have told him he is too thin as weel as others he laughs. To me it is changing our lives. He worksout 4 hours a day and eats only small meals.All the signs are there, how do i make him realize how he is hurting his family? When i went thru it i was younger and did not have children. How do you handle a 43 year old competing with guys in there 20's?Thanks for the info!PaulaPrincessa5 months ago Ce'Ce: just let me know what you need.Paula: thanks for sharing your story.  I really wish I could help, you know better than anyone else what is it to cope with an ED, maybe you are the best qualified person to help your husband or at least to take him to a especialist, someone properly trained who can help him before is too late.I wish you all the best for you and your family.  If you can please DO keep as updated on how you are coping.findoutmore5 months ago The Channel Four Programme Supersize Vs. Superskinny are currently looking for people to take part in Series 4. Across the series we are hoping to follow a group of people who suffer from an eating disorder as they take part in an eight week treatment programme.If you want help tackling your eating disorder then please get in touch. We are looking for people who are affected by anorexia, bulimia, laxative abuse, orthorexia, binge eating and obsessive compulsive disorder related to their eating habits. Participants will be supported by a fully qualified psychotherapist and nutritionist, both specialising in eating disorders, before, during and after their individually devised programmes.If you would like to find out more please get in touch by email: findoutmore@endemoluk.comMarcel5 months ago It is true. Often I thought it is a disease that concerns primairly women.Due to this article I learned that I was as wrong as I could be.Thanks to this article I have a renewed mind.fucsia5 weeks ago Perhaps, I think, in men because of their competitive nature, it is more likely that the eating disorder is caused by the practice of a sport, than women..I do not know, is my thought.However, it is very sad. In any case.Nice work, very informative Hub(I did not know that John Lennon was suffering from anorexia)Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesAddictions & Answers: Behind the insideous 'art' of anorexiaNew York Daily News2 days agoIn the midst of all the post-Christmas diet rituals --Jenny Craig "personal counselors," the new Weight Watchers "Points Plus" programs, how does a parent or lover intervene to end this addiction?.Isabelle Caro dies after anorexia struggleGuardian Unlimited6 days agoFrench actress and model Isabelle Caro, whose emaciated image appeared in Italian anti-anorexia ad, dies at 28 Isabelle Caro, a French actress and model whose emaciated image appeared in an Italian ad campaign and whose anorexia was followed by other sufferers of eating disorders, has died aged 28. Her acting instructor, Daniele Dubreuil-Prevot, said Caro died on 17 November after returning to ...French model in anti-anorexia campaign diesBennington Banner38 hours agoThursday December 30, 2010 PARIS (AP) -- Isabelle Caro, a French actress and model whose emaciated image in a shock Italian ad campaign helped rivet global attention on the problem of anorexia in the fashion world and beyond, has died at the age of 28. Caro had said she began suffering from anorexia when she was 13, and she weighed about 59 pounds when the photos that made her famous were96PrincessaHubPages EliteFrom France2467 Followers224 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by PrincessaContact PrincessaFollow PrincessaSubscribe to Princessa's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Princessa a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat are the differences between OCD and OCPD?asked by dingdong 11 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionObsessive Compulsive Disorder Vs Obsessive Compulsive Personality Disorderasked by weblog 3 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsBooks About Eating Disordersby Maddie RuudSurviving Anorexia Nervosaby blondepoetTop Ten Worst Things to Say to Someone With an Eating...by Maddie RuudCommon Myths About Eating Disorders Debunkedby Maddie RuudSport Anorexia Treatment for eating disorder  warning signsby incastreasuresPro Ana  New Anorexic Cult (Explicit!)by Lady_E Eating Disorders and Mental Health ForumTopicRepliesfinally starting to see the effects... posted by JessH181I am desperate in knowing what to do...posted by desperate_009ive suffered from bulimia for 8 years, looking to connect with othersposted by hal220Post a new topicTagshealth diet men eating disorders anorexia eating habits Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.403 sec)  working