From Snowstorms to Heat Waves, How Global Warming Causes Extreme Weather and Climate Instability // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 83Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 30, 2010| 54 commentsFrom Snowstorms to Heat Waves, How Global Warming Causes Extreme Weather and Climate Instabilitysource: http://www.democracynow.org/2010/12/28/from_snowstorms_to_heat_waves_howAn error occurred while setting up video display.JanforGore added thisThe East Coast is struggling to recover from the massive blizzard that slammed into hundreds cities and towns from the Carolinas to Maine. The storm was a grimly fitting end to 2010, which was characterized by extreme weather from start to finish with heat waves, floods, volcanoes, blizzards, landslides and droughts. While TV networks closely follow extreme weather events around the world, they rarely make the connection between extreme weather and global warming. We speak with Dr. Paul Epstein of Harvard Universitys Center for Health and the Global Environment. [includes rush transcript]AMY GOODMAN: Much of the East Coast is still struggling to recover from the massive blizzard that slammed into hundreds of cities and towns from the Carolinas to Maine the day after Christmas. Six statesMassachusetts, Maine, Maryland, New Jersey, North Carolina and Virginiadeclared states of emergency. The storm buried cities in more than two feet of snow and unleashed winds of up to 80 miles per hour. Thousands of passengers have been stranded during the busy holiday season with thousands of flights as well as train and bus routes canceled.It was a grimly fitting end to 2010, which was characterized by extreme weather from start to finish, with earthquakes, heat waves, floods, volcanoes, super typhoons, blizzards, landslides and droughts. In Pakistan, massive flooding submerged one-fifth of the country under water. In Russia, a record heat wave sparked wildfires that left 15,000 people dead. In Niger, first a severe drought threatened widespread famine, then floods left more than 100,000 homeless. In Europe, heavy snow and blizzards threw air traffic into turmoil. Deadly floods and mudslides killed thousands in China, India, Venezuela, Indonesia and many other countries. Meanwhile, preliminary data show that 18 countries broke their records for the hottest day ever. In fact, 2010 may go down as the hottest on record worldwide, this according to the World Meteorological Organization.While TV networks blare the two words "extreme weather," what about another two: global warming? Dr. Paul Epstein is associate director of the Center for Health and the Global Environment at Harvard Medical School. Hes co-author of the forthcoming book Changing Planet, Changing Health: How the Climate Crisis Threatens Our Health and What We Can Do about It. Hes joining us via Democracy Now! video stream from his home in Brookline, Massachusetts.Dr. Epstein, welcome to Democracy Now! Lets get an assessment from you. One article said, "Bundle up. Its global warming." Relate the twothe freezing weather to global warming.DR. PAUL EPSTEIN: Good morning, Amy. Good to be with you.Yes, we are certainly in a spate of extreme weather events, and it seems that this year has been a real uptick in all sorts of events, from heavy rains to droughts to heat waves and now cold weather. And I think if we think back at last winter, we also had a very intense winter with three large snowstorms together. And now were seeing this heavy snowfall in the United States, but also the last several months in Europe, as you recall here.The underlying issue between global warming and climate change, meaning warming and changes in weather patterns, is that in the last 50 years, the oceans have absorbed 22 times as much heat as has the atmosphere. Let me repeat that, because its not often considered as part of the global warming story, but the heat of the last half century has built up in the oceans, and its the accelerated evaporation off of warm oceans that drives the heavy rains. A warmer atmosphere also holds more water vapor. For each one degree centigrade it heats up, it holds seven moreseven percent more water vapor. So theres a push and a pull on the whole water cycle. And the key here is that global warming in the hemisphere, through the ocean engine, is now changing the weather patterns, and its the hydrological cycle, the earths water cycle, thats been dramatically changed, with more droughts in some areas and more intense rains in others, and now intense snows.AMY GOODMAN: We are getting tremendous wall-to-wall, 24-hour-a-day coverage of weather. In fact, we got an email from a friend. The subject said, "News?" with a question mark. And then it said, questioning why we were covering weather, saying, "Whats next? Traffic and sports?" But the weather is news, if the newscasters on television took it on by talking about the issue of global warmingyou know, what people can do about this. I want to go to the issue of how its covered in the media. Dr. Paul Epstein, start off by talking about this issue.cont.groups:News, Green, Earth and Science, Sustainable Agriculture, Water Is Life, Earth Care, The Future, Endangered Earth, Co-Evolution 5 moretags:Environment,Climate Change,Global Warming,Earth,Arctic,extreme weather,climate trends,Ocean Currents,hydrologic cycle,erratic weather 6 more|54 comments// From Snowstorms to Heat Waves, How Global Warming Causes Extreme Weather and Climate Instabilityhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+3PrijedorMother earth is not a bitch you want to fuck with, she will win 8 days agoflag  reply+1tommic  Prijedor:Man should be humble before nature, but he is not, so he will eventually pay the price 8 days agoflag  reply+1tommic.By yesterday afternoon, the year was on track to have a yearly temperature average of about 51 degrees, enabling 2010 to break the previous record of 50.9 degrees, set in 1999. .Its pretty incredible, said Sean Fankhauser, a Blue Hill weather observer.For much of this year, weather watchers at the observatory were expecting a record-breaking year. Every month except December recorded overall average temperatures above normal, while it hit at least 90 degrees on 20 days, according to readings taken atop Great Blue Hill, near the Canton-Milton line.The first 90-degree day arrived on April 7, 10 days earlier than the previous record in 2002, and the summer proved to be the warmest on record.Yesterdays highs reached the upper 40s, a welcome respite for people battling cabin fever after last weekends noreaster.Temperatures tomorrow are expected to be in the lower 50sAside from being warm, 2010 was also wet. The 62.74 inches of rain were the sixth most plentiful ever recorded. But it was not nearly as wet as 1998, when a record 71 inches fell.Nope all is just as normal as three humps on the camelThe recent storm dumped 18.2 inches of snow on Boston, helping make last month one of the heaviest Decembers on record for snowfall. Snow for the month totaled 22 inches.The observatory has been recording temperature and precipitation levels since 1885.The National Weather Service was not quite ready to declare 2010 the warmest on record yesterday, saying it was still compiling statistics. Those data should be released today. 9 days agoflag  reply0Prijedor  tommic:No, its different 8 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlkAre you talking about this guy?Paul R. Epstein, M.D., M.P.H. is Associate Director of the Center for Health and the Global Environment at Harvard Medical School (http://chge.med.harvard.edu) and is a medical doctor trained in tropical public health. Paul has worked in medical, teaching and research capacities in Africa, Asia and Latin America and in 1993, coordinated an eight-part series on Health and Climate Change for the British medical journal, Lancet. He has worked with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to assess the health impacts of climate change and develop health applications of climate forecasting and remote sensing. He's not a climateologist.  I thought we were only supposed to listen to climateologists.  Are you running out of climateologists who are on the payroll already?  All you've got left is to dig up this quack? 9 days agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durri feel that there is much we can do to make things better, but i also feel things are simply cyclical to a large degree and there is too much of a cottage industry made of 'climate change'. i also like to point out as george carlin did that most of us don't really care about the environment, just that it remains hospitable for us. long after we are gone, a vague memory on the skin of the earth, nature will move on, transforming and evolving as it does, perhaps incorporating plastic into its paradigm. 9 days agoflag  reply0adamvelvetu  Itsbatman_Durr:Indeed...its often very self serving but presented under the guise of concern for the Earth. The Earth doesn't need our concern because it was fine before and it will be fine after. Its not that it was just waiting around for billions of years so it could be graced with our presence. I'm all for keeping it a place that will maintain human life but lets be upfront in our interest. 9 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Itsbatman_Durr:lol why on earth am i getting voted down for this? are some of you so insecure in your blind obedience to the 'party line' whatever party it may be? 9 days agoflag  reply+2Gravity_Man  Itsbatman_Durr:Where does this philosophy come from a homogenization machine? Do they run people through it in college or somethin'? I read this from so many posters: there must be a common source spray painting you guys with it. You seem to be straining so hard to consider billions of years... you seem unable to focus on the Here & Now for the Lost & Found.Do they shoot you in the brain with a scatter gun for initiation? Is it something they sprinkle on your cereal? What in God's great name does it matter => nature moves on, transforming and evolving as it does blech blech blech, nature growing a brain and incorporating plastic into its paradigm.What th' h^ll is all that horse manure on my windshield? Do you actually believe all that junk you just typed? Nature does what Nature always does => without having any brains or Borg collective about it for gosh sakes.I'm not the one who voted you down. It's your opinions. I'm just trying to figure out how one reconciles hisself to an ignominious death in utter failure by invoking Nature over billions of years will succeed because we crapped out. Is that some kind of super new burn cream?How do you march to victory with such a brain-heavy Backup Plan to carry? Plus George Carlin, and he's DEAD! Heck fire man if it's loads you like carrying try 7 oceans => http://current.com/technology/92858210_ocean-energy-fishing-8-tons-per-square-in... 9 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Gravity_Man:no i am all for making it better for us, i am just honest about it.. i am not doing things like solar power for example to save nature, but because its cheaper, cleaner and makes a better environment for me and mine 9 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Gravity_Man:i dont think that nature has a cognizant ability or anything i am just saying that the planet and the environment is here has been here and will be here long after we are unless we blow it the fuck up is aall 9 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  Itsbatman_Durr:OK. Well, when I start swimming up river & hitting upon so many people they all seem to be plugged into the same hair dryer after a while it starts getting a little creepy.Matrix kinda creepy.For solar, if you could put some cells around a bicycle rim and spin the wheel under a big magnifier you can multiply the output upwards of 6000%I have others but I like that one a lot. I'm in an apartment so I can't build anything and set it up. 9 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  Itsbatman_Durr:I understand the psychology but when you have a Backup Plan all figured out it removes desperation from the equation. You don't want to do that. It's the forehead sweat that really cranks out good ideas. 9 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Gravity_Man:indeed. and forehead sweat is good eatin too lol 9 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  Itsbatman_Durr:I try to avoid being that desperate. Here, all ya want. 9 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Gravity_Man:bedankt lol 9 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  Itsbatman_Durr:Milla Jovovich? I liked the big fat guys more waddle waddle. 9 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_ManMost people make a wishful assumption that Time and Weather are going forward at a somewhat acceptable pace that we can deal with at our own good time.All of those conclusions are False. For instance, when a day comes where a 50,000 miles per hour asteroid flight path intersects the Earth's flight path we might have a day or two to sweat real heavy and then splatto. Earth has had 4 meteors whiz by inside the Moon's orbit [that I know of] in the last 14 months. They were moving very fast.Raining water we can deal with. Raining meteors not so much.Do we have a plan? Burrow like a rat? 9 days agoflag  reply-2ayipishttp://www.seekingtruth.co.uk/weather.htm"Most people agree that something strange is happening to our weather. It doesn't seem to be the same as it was a generation ago. It depends where you are, but there seems in general to be less snow, more (or less) rain, and more severe weather. Some will dismiss this as a natural cycle, and point out the Biblical promise:    'While the earth remains, seedtime and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, day and night shall not cease' (Gen 8.22).In other words, the basic cycle of things will continue. But we overlook the fact that God already has used the weather as a way of arresting man's attention, and Bible prophecy says that He will do it again!"***********************opppppssss. the Christians got you beat jan 9 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis*nice to see your slowwwwwwwly shifting a bit to "climate change" now ..* wink wink 9 days agoflag  reply-2ayipisJan..your "global" warming has not quite reached Los Angeles yet..we are freezing our asses...and so is the rest of the nation..and europe..and let me guess its the warmth that is causing the cold..(kids..stop smoking dope!)*btw..its not global warming anymore its climate change ..oh wait..no its climate disruption...you cannot scam people without a proper name...humm i think you would had gone further if al gore would had sold this as 'global cooling' to begin with..HUMM or 'artic warming"..humm i like that..can i get my noble prize for awareness?? 9 days agoflag  reply0Prijedor  ayipis:Its because you are taking the sentence "global warming" literately... it does not mean that it will be warmer in the winter you dumb ass.... summer warmer winters colder... 8 days agoflag  reply-1riverratt50  ayipis:finally someone not afraid to call a spade a spade. I would have said calling the kettle black but I'm sure someone (jan) would make something racial out of it. 7 days agoflag  reply+3ThatCrazyLibertarianI like it...no causes....no politics....just effects.  And the science is pretty damned believable too....more energy....more activity. 9 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlkThe most extreme year of weather?  By whose standard?  This year was pretty even handed for us in flyover country. 9 days agoflag  reply+1tverdell  MrMxyzptlk:You are not being serious. 9 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  tverdell:South Dakota has gotten between three and five big damn winter storms a year for as long as I have been alive.  It's almost January and we are just now having our first one of this winter season.  Last year (2009) the second big damn storm was in December, dropped three feet of snow in one night.  Statewide.  Our first year back to South Dakota (2008) we had three feet of snow in May.  In MAY.  Very normal for us.  This year (2010 for those of you who will read this tommorow) we got our last big snow of the last winter season in March or so.  No big April/May snowstorm like most of the years before.  So like I say, 2010 has been pretty mild so far.  For South Dakota.  I understand the coasts are getting socked with snow but truth be told out here we'd call that a dusting.  It's just that them city folks can't handle a good blow.  Bunch of damn wimps.  When we get a heads up that a big blow is coming we buy lots of milk and beer and enjoy the time off.  City folks get all worried and freak out.  You need to get some perspective and stop lookng for the sky to fall.  This is just weather hitting a slow news cycle.  Nothing new. 9 days agoflag  reply+3tommicA new social upheavel is coming, financial collapse, climate change in new and violent storms around the world, peak oil and the rise of gas prices. If you read this and you don't believe this your head is buried so deep you may never awaken. I am not Nostradomos but I can see that much easily. If your a parent and your children are young, you had better care or be uber rich, because the baby you love and adore is in for a world of dispair and pain as mankind destroys his planet, overpopulates it while doing nothing about climate change which all add up to disaster. So open your eyes and meybe you'll see, there's more to life than just your children and thee, we all sink or swim together soon, and if we fail to swim it will be our sorry swoon.Wake up America 9 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  tommic:The internet is a marvelous thing.  Twenty years ago you'd have to stand on a street corner with a sandwich board to push your "The End Is Near" fearmongering.  Now you can do it from the comfort of your own home.  Aint technology wonderful? 9 days agoflag  reply+1tommic  MrMxyzptlk:everything is just peachy can't you see there's no problems in the world for you and me Yea right Mr Blind 9 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  tommic:Now you should go into the whole "nonbeleivers will be cast into the pit of flame" bit.  That's where the classic doom cultist goes when faced with a person who isn't falling for the shuck and jive. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  MrMxyzptlk:Rats. I'm not Classic. Darn it, darn it all to hmm. 8 days agoflag  reply-2oppressed110 years ago they told us it was only going to get hotter. Now because that template doesn't work they tell us that global warming is making the world colder.hmm do you think control, and taxation could be behind this? 9 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  oppressed1:That's what is usualy behind everything Liberals are trying to sell. 9 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  oppressed1:Perhaps having gobs of heat pouring off a planet's brow results in supercooling the skin.I wonder how long the supercooling will last? I failed heatsinks. 8 days agoflag  reply0noxidereusThis piece is about understanding the science behind the extreme weather caused by global warming. Comments below claiming that the earth is mad at us / is a sentient being are in direct contrast to the goals of truly understanding. Believing in magic will only hinder us from truly understanding what is going on and being able to make things better. 10 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  noxidereus:They have replaced the superstitions of their parents (christianity) with new superstitions.  Most people have a hard time giving up religion entirely, they need to cling to the whole "someone is in charge" mindset so they can sleep at night.  They just convert the planet into a goddess and then they feel all warm and fuzzy. 9 days agoflag  reply+1coolplanetPeople need to understand Lovelock's Gaia Theory better.Earth has been regulating climate, seemingly for the benefit of all life, for the past 3.5 billion years.It is all life on our planet that contributes to a comfortable climate. When things like asteroids slam into Earth climate adapts and extinctions happen. But life goes on, with or without us.Ice ages seem horrible to we pampered urbanites, but Cro Magnon man thrived during the last ice age. So did all life in the oceans.Seven billion humans is way too much for Earth to maintain a comfortable climate. We have become like cancer cells.And we fail to grasp that homosexuality is Nature's evolutionary answer to overpopulation.So infertile couples pay doctors countless thousand$ to produce offspring in order to feel somehow godlike. Did they even consider that Nature is trying to slow down human procreation for a very good reason?Hopefully a billion people will survive this "sixth great extinction" and finally realize that enough is enough! 10 days agoflag  reply+1JanforGore  coolplanet:Yes , I  too believe the Earth is a living organism and we are connected to her, but he is just a bit too negative about the future for my taste. I think if you know the reality and also know the capabilitiies of humanity, you should strive to advance its better nature for change as much as possible, not give up. I get the impression he has given up. Am I wrong? 10 days agoflag  reply+1JanforGore  coolplanet:Just to add, I think people need to look at what we have done to the systems that regulate climate much like the way we disrupt how our body's systems function by our own behavior. To corrolate the two gives a fairly clear example of how we are infecting its processes much like an infection can disrupt the body. When your child has a high fever you don't say, ' I'll just wait and do nothing and see if it goes away."  (And actually, how often have we had a fever and chills at the same time? Good example again of what the Earth is now going through as a result of its fever.) You need to then take your child to a doctor to make sure there is nothing worse happening and do what is necessary to bring the fever down and or heal any infection. The same goes for the Earth's systems that are now being disrupted by the fever we have given her. We need to do what is necessary to prolong her ability to sustain herself and us... that is, if we truly care about that collectively.  I suppose then dealing with the main sources of the infection such as ignorance, prejudice, apathy, politics and greed, is in order. And it appears Mother Nature has begun that process. 10 days agoflag  reply0noxidereus  coolplanet:"And we fail to grasp that homosexuality is Nature's evolutionary answer to overpopulation"That is ignorant. That's not how evolution works at all. According to this simplistic view of evolution, I'm assuming homosexuals do not produce offspring. Well, then how might I ask does this trait get passed on to the next generation?Please, let's stop trying to make everything into a magical being. "Mother Earth / Gaia" is not a sentient creature/being. If we are ever going overcome the problems associated with overpopulation it is going to have to come from a solid understanding of science. Making up magical explanations for this is not going to help us at all.People do not need to understand this mythical attempt at understanding nature. People need to understand science better. 10 days agoflag  reply+2noxidereus  coolplanet:"So infertile couples pay doctors countless thousand$ to produce offspring in order to feel somehow godlike"That's kind of a silly statement. I think people who go to infertility doctors want to have children and that's pretty much the only thing we can assume about them. There is no reason to believe that they wish to be gods. They wish to be parents. 10 days agoflag  reply0JanforGore  noxidereus:I agree, we as a whole are woefully inept in understanding Earth's processes and the science behind them. However, I do think as well that there is a connection to Earth on another level, and the Indigenous peoples of the world seemed to have tapped into that and share a respect for the Earth that  has preserved her. For me that has only enhanced my desire to understand the science. Unfortunately for others that isn't the case so perhaps as a middle ground in order to induce action, we must focus on both the scientific and spiritual aspects of this. From my experience, in order for many to work for change and to understand the science they must first acquire a respect and appreciation for the environment that science may not connect to and vice versa. 10 days agoflag  reply+1maasanova  coolplanet:"Seven billion humans is way too much for Earth to maintain a comfortable climate."says who? global warming population theorists?you mean too many rich bankers hoarding all the land on the earth and doing horrible things with it, like forcing farmers to use terminator seeds, while paying other farmers NOT to grow crops 10 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  JanforGore:I wonder Jan. Is this not a job for the United Nations; or has the U.N. become a useless, do-nothing relic? Honestly Jan, I can't recall when the UN actually did anything. No, wait. They let Ahmadinejad foul-mouth Americans yeah, I remember that.So when do they earn their paycheck? 9 days agoflag  reply0adamvelvetu  coolplanet:I believe it was the hopi who had the belief that there had been 3 previous worlds and that as the Earth's inhabitants went astray a new world was created. Not necessarily a unique belief but it brought to mind what you were discussing. 9 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  adamvelvetu:Whew. That sounds like us alright, screwing up a world then moving to the next world. Sometimes people make up these wild stories to justify their own ways too. When it comes to those Hopi now you want to watch your back. They aren't afraid of nuthin'.I'm part-Hopi. hahahaha Well, lemmee see. Hmm.Ya know, if the Moon wasn't locked in with the Earth in a binary system (gravitation-locked) and someone connected with NASA was to make some super-powerful engines (oops, which they did as of 2+ years ago), then all ya need to do to make the Moon into a spaceship would be if you had some water!Of course everybody KNOWS there's no water on the Moon, so perish the thought. Besides, how could ya break the gravitational lock?Blow up the Earth and Move On?What an ignorant old tale to tell. If somebody was gonna pull a Noah's Ark rug out from under our feet they would have to take a lot of animals, plants and oops contents of a couple of seed repositories. We've been set up!We've been set up! We've been set up! We've been set up! We've been set up! We've been set up! We've been set up! We've been set up! We've been set up! We've been set up! We've been set up! We've been set up!Fright Night at Current.com 9 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  JanforGore:Yeah, primative hut dwelling morons living a hand to mouth existance with drasticly high infant mortality rates are exactly the kind of people I look to when I want to understand a complex ecology better...  I thought liberals were all about mocking the superstitious.  Or do you only mock christian superstitions? 9 days agoflag  reply0CaptSutterIt isn't as if this wasn't predicted and predictable. 10 days agoflag  reply+1pjacobs51Yeah, this needs to be explained to a-lot of people.Well, you probably know the ones. ;) 10 days agoflag  reply0JanforGore  pjacobs51:uh huh. ;-) 10 days agoflag  reply+3JanforGoreWe have actually managed to disrupt the hydrologic cycle, and that does have a great bearing on agriculture and water access. 10 days agoflag  reply0coolplanet  JanforGore:O we now 7 billion breeders have managed to fuck up every cycle in Nature big time.Because of our "god-like" self-absorbtion we are bringing about an extinction event unseen in 65,000,000 years."Modern" humans defy nature. That is only possible for a short time.The trolls will jump all over this like vultures on road-kill.What they can't understand is that if we don't take action against turning Earth into just another Venus hothouse our future is toast.The biggest problem we face is doing nothing as all the anti-science, patriotic pro-religion masses seem to want.They "think" it's their moral duty to destroy the Earth so that Jesus will come back and build a new planet (and even solar system). How incredibly arrogant and ignorant!It is equally stupid to think that Quetzalcoatl will return in 2012 and save the day.Sorry for rambling but I can't help but see that this is what it comes down to.I choose an ice age, where Gaia can heal, over the hell hole most humans obviously want.But I have complete faith in "Nature and Nature's God" as America's "founders" called It.Bring it on..... 10 days agoflag  reply+1JanforGore  coolplanet:Christ wouldn't defile the planet that gives us life. That is the little detail they always seem to forget in their fervor to find any excuse to in their minds not have to sacrifice their own comfortable existence. If they only knew how accesible solutions are and that it would require minimal sacrifice that would reap more in rewards (well, that is if you don't really worship mammon) they would understand the urgency of those calling for those solutions. 10 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Smoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  15 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  42 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  44 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog