Wikipedia talk:Protection policy - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaWikipedia talk:Protection policyFrom Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaJump to: navigation,searchThis is the talk page for discussing improvements to the Protection policy page.Put new text under old text. Click here to start a new topic.Please sign and date your posts by typing four tildes (~~~~).New to Wikipedia? Welcome! Ask questions, get answers.Be politeAssume good faithAvoid personal attacksBe welcomingShortcuts:WT:PROTECTWT:PPOLThe project page associated with this talk page is an official policy on Wikipedia. Policies have wide acceptance among editors and are considered a standard for all users to follow. Before editing this page, please make sure that your revision reflects consensus. When in doubt, discuss on the talk page. Always remember to keep cool when editing. Changes to this page do not immediately change policy anyway, so don't panic.This page is not for proposing or discussing edits to protected pages.To request or propose a change to a page that you are not able to edit, place a message on its talk page. If the page is fully protected, you may attract the attention of an admin to make the change by placing the {{edit protected}} template above your request. Requests placed here will probably be removed or ignored.To request that a page be protected or unprotected, see Wikipedia:Requests for page protection.To suggest that a move-protected page be renamed, see Wikipedia:Requested moves.To request that a deleted page protected against re-creation be re-created or restored, see Wikipedia:Deletion review.For information about protecting the main page featured article or other featured content, see Wikipedia:Main Page featured article protection.ArchivesArchive 1 December 2003 - February 2005Archive 2 April 2005 - February 2007Archive 3 February 2007 - May 2007Archive 4 April 2007 - May 2007Archive 5 June 2007 - August 2007Archive 6 August 2007 - December 2007Archive 7 January 2008 - April 2008Archive 8 April 2008 - October 2008Archive 9 October 2008 - June 2009Archive 10 May 2009 - October 2009Archive 11 November 2009 - March 2010Archive 12 March 2010 - June 2010Archive 13 June 2010 - October 2010Archive 14 October 2010 -Threads older than 60days may be archived by MiszaBot II.[edit] SPAs and NPOVRegarding this addition, that clause was not lost in editing, but rather was made into a more general and fair statement, namely "If clearly inappropriate content is the subject of an edit war, it is best to block or ban those who are violating the content policies and not those who are enforcing them." There is no need to single out (no pun intended) SPAs, since multi-purpose accounts can edit-war for a POV as well, though in those cases a ban might be a better solution than a block. PSWG1920 (talk) 03:01, 6 December 2010 (UTC)I had previously removed this too [1], only because it's not specifically related to protection. Suggestions about dealing with content disputes generally would be more relevant in WP:EW. January (talk) 07:44, 6 December 2010 (UTC)Additionally, of those content policies, only BLP actually carries a specific exemption to WP:3RR. January (talk) 12:22, 6 December 2010 (UTC)I agree, PSWG1920. The SPA-essay is far too frequently abused, as a label applied to newer users (registered or unregistered), who it's self evident will have edited less pages. Otherwise, it risks weighting content disputes in favor of established users' enforcing their own preferred version/pov.Whitehorse1 15:06, 6 December 2010 (UTC)In cases where a highly POV SPA is repeatedly adding bias information to an article is only makes sense to block the SPA and not the editor who is maintaining the integrity of the article. Right? Basket of Puppies 20:31, 7 December 2010 (UTC)If the situation is that clear-cut, then yes, but why should it make a difference whether a SPA is involved or not? PSWG1920 (talk) 05:23, 8 December 2010 (UTC)This discussion, and the addition which prompted it, is not about protection. The addition should be removed and the issue discussed at WT:EW. January (talk) 17:41, 8 December 2010 (UTC)I've removed it. This is also not in line with current practice (earlier tonight a user was blocked for a 3RR violation after repeatedly removing unsourced information added by an IP). Only vandalism and BLP violations are specified exemptions and this policy shouldn't give the impression that the other content policies would give a similar exemption. January (talk) 03:20, 9 December 2010 (UTC)That is very sad that an editor was blocked because he was maintaining the integrity of an article. It's even sadder to know that this enjoys community support. Basket of Puppies 04:29, 13 December 2010 (UTC)A statement about blocking users is irrelevant to page protection. The only thing that need be said is that a page should not be protected if instead users can be blocked. Let WP:Edit warring be the sole guideline to speak to the above point. Articulating it in two guidelines can only lead to inconsistency. --Bsherr (talk) 04:53, 13 December 2010 (UTC)For the same reason, I would also consider the reference to bans irrelevant. Banning is a longer-term measure, not an immediate alternative to protecting a page. (I initially removed this as well but was reverted.) January (talk) 16:48, 13 December 2010 (UTC)[edit] Protecting a redirectWikipedia:Sign your posts on talk pages, a redirect to Wikipedia:Signatures, has been the the target of spam or vandalism regularly for years, apparently from the same person creating single-use accounts. Anyway, I've protected it. I know that some templates interfere with redirects, or don't show up, so I haven't templated it. I can't find any mention in the archive about templating protected redirects, nor is there anything in the policy about it. Any thoughts?  Will Beback talk 07:09, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Template transclusions don't manifest visibly on redirected pages, so there's not much point to a protection template for redirects, which is why (to my knowledge) one doesn't exist. Protected redirects are categorized manually, by adding Category:Protected redirects. Indeed, there's no documentation for protection categorization and templates. Actually, there's barely an organized scheme. But it'll take an RfC to resolve that mess. --Bsherr (talk) 07:19, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Thanks. I've added the category. Would you be interested in adding a sentence or two to the policy page in case this comes up again?  Will Beback talk 07:29, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Ugh. I know it really needs to be documented, and I'm very tempted to do it, but I'm reluctant to patch this into the policy. Really, the entire scheme needs to be documented, and, frankly, some decisions have to be made first (when to use the "small" parameter, when to have the move protection icon visible). Also, it really doesn't belong in the policy, because actually the template scheme should be a guideline (not policy), and that requires separating it. Maybe it's time to take on the mess. --Bsherr (talk) 07:37, 27 December 2010 (UTC)On second thought, I guess there's no harm adding it to the available templates section at the end. We'll just have to deal with it eventually. --Bsherr (talk) 07:42, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Great - that'll be a help to others, I'm sure.  Will Beback talk 09:32, 27 December 2010 (UTC)[edit] Admins editing through full protection: proposed additionI refer to today's kerfuffle at Gabrielle Giffords in which a number of admins, including myself, made substantive edits to a fully protected page. It appears there is a widely held view that such edits are inappropriate. It also appears that this did not occur to a number of admins (myself included). I see the merit in that view: admins are not super-editors. Accordingly, I propose amending this page to insert the bolded sentence below.Any modification to a fully protected page should be proposed on its talk page (or in another appropriate forum). After consensus has been established for the change, or if the change is uncontroversial, any administrator may make the necessary edits to the protected page. To draw administrators' attention to a request for an edit to a protected page, place the Editprotected template on the talk page. Administrators should only make substantive edits to a fully protected article if there is consensus to do so.Thoughts? --Mkativerata (talk) 21:30, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Good idea. -- Eraserhead1 <talk> 21:31, 8 January 2011 (UTC)So long as it's clear that uncontroversial or maintenance edits are OK, such as adjusting a protection template or messing around with punctuation (assuming it's not the punctuation in dispute) then looks good. --Shirik (Questions or Comments?) 21:33, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Yep, that's what I'm trying to summarise with the word "substantive". --Mkativerata (talk) 21:34, 8 January 2011 (UTC)(edit conflict) I certainly wouldn't count that as substantive. They sound like minor edits to me. -- Eraserhead1 <talk> 21:35, 8 January 2011 (UTC)I agree, although I think saying that they will be crushed by elephant if they fail to follow the policy would be more persuasive. I assume that implied action for violating the policy will have to suffice though since crushing by elephant would be considered a personal attack. Cat-five - talk 21:36, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Support It already says that noncontroversial edits can be made without consensus. And correcting grammar and templates are clearly noncontroversial. --Kleopatra (talk) 21:41, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Agree with this change, although I'd always thought it was obvious. Trebor (talk) 21:42, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Support sounds good. Admins are editors like any one else The Resident Anthropologist (talk) 21:44, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Support however, it needs to be made explicitly clear. Dusti*poke* 21:48, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Support, but I don't believe for a minute it will work as a preventive measure. So long as this is understood as something to hold administrators' noses in and say "Bad!", after the fact, it's fine. A better approach would be to encourage reducing the protection level when it isn't actually preventing what it sets out to prevent.  Gavia immer (talk) 21:50, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Playing devil's advocate, what about when an administrator makes arguably non-substantive edits that are not addressing anything urgent? I think (?) some of the edits during this mess included some spelling corrections that were not related to protecting the page or correcting BLP issues or other substantive matters of content. It seems to me that admins should also refrain from making gnomish edits during full protection, if we really believe that they should not make edits that other editors could have made. --Tryptofish (talk) 21:54, 8 January 2011 (UTC)*This has been included in Template:Centralized discussion for wider input The Resident Anthropologist (talk) 21:56, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Support should be obvious. --Rschen7754 22:02, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Comment: The policy already says "Pages that are protected because of content disputes should not be edited except to make changes which are uncontroversial or for which there is clear consensus.". This applies to administrators too, and I don't think duplicating the text will help. This is more about making sure that administrators understand - and follow - the protection policy, which in this case it appears they haven't been doing. Chase me ladies, I'm the Cavalry (talk) 22:06, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Support. (edit conflict) I suppose it is restating the obvious, but could potentially be useful. Let "substantive" be at editor own discretion and exclude maintenance and uncontroversial edits. HELLKNOWZTALK 22:09, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Oppose. It doesn't say anything that the second sentence doesn't already say. Now, if you want to add something that emphasizes that cleanup edits, as non-controversial, are normally acceptable, I'd support that. --SarekOfVulcan (talk) 22:24, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Comment I'd like to see a stronger reminder of what is and isn't allowed to come up when you seek edit the fully protected page. At the moment, there's only a note saying "WARNING: This page has been protected in accordance with the protection policy so that only users with administrative rights can make edits." Something like "Administrators are reminded that they should only make uncontroversial edits or those with clear talkpage consensus", should be added, preferably flashing on and off in some fluorescent colour. (Okay, the last bit is a joke) --Slp1 (talk) 22:31, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Would support but for the word "uncontroversial". It might be obvious to some but, looking at the OP, is doesn't seem to be obvious to everyone. I would add that I don't think "uncontroversial" edits by admins should be allowed either. If the article is locked from editing then it shouldn't be edited except where necessary to remove obvious vandalism etc. Admins do not have special editing privileges (okay maybe technically they do, but you get my drift) and should not be working on locked articles. --FormerIP (talk) 22:35, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Support, but have no confidence that it will make any difference. If we could trust admins to behave decently it wouldn't be needed, as this blatant abuse of admin tools to edit through protection would not have happened. DuncanHill (talk) 22:40, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Support, but it doesn't actually change the policy, only how it's expressed: the policy is already that admins should only make uncontroversial edits or those with consensus. If it's necessary to make it this explicit then go ahead and add this sentence, but any admin should be aware of this policy and that edits to a fully-protected page is not at an admin's discretion, since admin discretion on content matters is no greater than that of any other editor. GiftigerWunsch [TALK] 22:45, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Comment. I'd rather see the clause "or if the change is uncontroversial" removed. The place to decide whether or not an edit is controversial is the talk page. If it is uncontroversial, then consensus will be achieved very quickly. If consensus isn't achieved, then by definition the change is controversial.MoreThings (talk) 22:53, 8 January 2011 (UTC)The point in allowing uncontroversial changes is that it applies to removing BLP violations, anything which is blatant vandalism, correcting typos, and anything else which would be considered "minor" anyway. There's no point in wasting time by asking for consensus on whether or not "trhough" should be changed to "through" simply because the article is fully protected, for example; nor should we wait on consensus to remove a blatant BLP violation, copyright violation, or anything urge which requires urgent removal per policy. GiftigerWunsch [TALK] 22:57, 8 January 2011 (UTC)And of course, any user giving any good-faith reason why such an edit was not uncontroversial, makes it controversial and the edit should be undone (preferrably by the user who made the change) pending consensus. GiftigerWunsch [TALK] 22:58, 8 January 2011 (UTC)I'm ambivalent about that. I admit that it's hard to oppose changing "trhough" to the correct spelling, but there's also something disturbing about administrators making edits of that sortunrelated to page protection, or to correcting things that must urgently be corrected, such as BLP violationsbeing able to do so while other editors are unhappy about not being able to edit at all. Unlike semi-protection, full protection should be done in the spirit of preserving the proverbial Wrong Version until a situation has been resolved. Seeing this discussion, I wonder if the proposal would actually make the problem worse. --Tryptofish (talk) 23:06, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Well the only sort of edit appropriate for an admin to make, can also be made at request by any editor using {{editprotected}} just as good-faith IP addresses can use {{editsemiprotected}} to request a good edit to an article semi-protected due to vandalism. Regardless of the result here, forbidding admins from editing protected articles except with consensus cannot override other policies in important cases such as removal of potentially libellous information per WP:BLP or removal of blatant copyright violations; page protection is meant to prevent problematic editing related to a dispute (or in some unusual cases to persistent vandalism, such as in the case of highly-visible templates for example), and making a blatantly uncontroversial change is both constructive and doesn't violate the principle of page protection; but I hasten to add that it really should be clearly uncontroversial: typos, blatant BLP or copyvios, that sort of thing. GiftigerWunsch [TALK] 23:22, 8 January 2011 (UTC)I wouldn't object to a clause that specifically allowed admins to fix BLP infringements. Anything else should be sorted out on the talk page. Just make a quick post:"I intend to fix these typos..."; wait a few mins and make the change. Same thing with blatant vandalism, though I don't quite see how a page containing that would be protected in the first place. "Uncontroversial" is too woolly. MoreThings (talk) 23:38, 8 January 2011 (UTC)But why waste the time of other users just to get approval to change a blatant typo? Uncontroversial isn't woolly: just like anywhere else, uncontroversial means an edit which no one else is likely to object to in good faith, and if someone else does object, then it should be accepted that that means it is controversial. By the time a user is familiar enough with policy that they become an admin, they should be well aware of what should be considered "uncontroversial". GiftigerWunsch [TALK] 19:32, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Comment - Just an observation. Today was a highly unusual situation in which there was something of an emergency situation going on. The reliable media widely and incorrectly reported that she had been killed, but there were other reports that she had been rushed to the hospital, etc. As far as I can tell, everything was really handled quite well here. There was thoughtful discussion, there was some sensible editing, there was protection of the article which surely cut down on the amount of accidental error. We can be proud of the overall situation. If there was a bit of WP:IAR going on, I say good, that's what IAR is all about: getting the job done well in unusual circumstances.:-) So we might or might not want to adjust protection policy to reflect this kind of case, I have no opinion really.--Jimbo Wales (talk) 23:12, 8 January 2011 (UTC)The reliable media widely and incorrectly reported that she had been killed. How sure are you that this is the case, though? There's talk of retractions on the talkpage, but I was on the BBC news website at the time and I'm pretty sure she was never declared dead there in the first place. I think she was declared "shot in the head at point-blank range", then people jumped to conclusions, then she was declared alive.Whatever the facts are, I don't think its possible to judge from the talkpage, and the talkpage is bound to reflect a confusing situation in any high profile case of death by Wikipedia. --FormerIP (talk) 23:44, 8 January 2011 (UTC)It was the case. NYT, CBS, WSJ, AFP, AP, NPR all reported she had been shot and killed. NPR then changed it to "conflicting reports" and CBS et al. began reporting her staff and a hospital official said she was in surgery and then said she survived. I wrote the corresponding Wikinews story and have been following this since it broke. She was certainly reported by most "reliable" news sources as having died. /ETCHCOMMS/ 01:19, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Okay, well if that was the case it explains a little bit of confusion. But it doesn't explain, IMO, extended reversion wars and admins continuing to just generally work on a locked article, which is what seems to have happened. Surely admins ought to abide by the general spirit of a lock? --FormerIP (talk) 02:05, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Unfortunately, that wasn't the case, hence this discussion. /ETCHCOMMS/ 04:09, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Support idea, would like better wording. Obviously anything controversial should not be done by an admin without consensus. It should be clear, though, that minor edits (fixing templates, copyediting, etc.) are fine if they are not the subject of an ongoing dispute and that BLP concerns (such as removing claims of death and possibly defamatory information that a source has retracted) may be removed first (unless there is clear, strong consensus to keep it in) and consensus for readdition established later. /ETCHCOMMS/ 01:23, 9 January 2011 (UTC)One possibility is to have Wikipedia purposely be 24 hours behind. Wikipedia is not Wikinews. Would this be a good thing that one must wait 24 hours? Hakkapeliitta (talk) 02:01, 9 January 2011 (UTC)When even Jimmy Wales comes to Wikipedia instead of Wikinews to get the latest information, I think that ship has sailed. Powers T 03:03, 9 January 2011 (UTC)No, forcing us to be 24h behind is just a needless limit which will complicate things tenfold. /ETCHCOMMS/ 04:09, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Comment Personally, I think administrators editing through protection should presumptively lose the bit - and if for some reason this basic rule hasn't occurred to them, we may start thinking about making passing an (open note) test mandatory before getting a sysop bit --Tznkai (talk) 03:09, 9 January 2011 (UTC)The gauntlet known as WP:RFA is not enough? MuZemike 03:39, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Apparently not. Perhaps they're placing the wrong emphasis.--Tznkai (talk) 04:47, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Comment Why all the wailing and gnashing of teeth over this? On a quickly changing in-the-news BLP article, the most important thing was to "get the article right". That was done as well as could reasonably be expected, and the page protection helped with that. So what if some of the more trusted editors, aka administrators, got to edit the article while us poor plebes were unable to edit? The important thing was that a highly visible BLP article was correctly handled. Congratulations, First Light (talk) 03:40, 9 January 2011 (UTC)There were issues with the article that weren't being handled in a timely manner because the editors who noticed them couldn't edit the article and the administrators who could edit the article weren't reading through the fast-moving talk page. For instance, the "Electoral history" section of the article had broken formatting prior to today's events, and even after there were many eyes on the article it didn't get fixed for hours. That sort of thing is the whole reason we like to let everybody edit our articles, because one of them will really want to fix the trivial stuff. I'm the first person to say that we must get reported deaths absolutely right, and today shows why, but that doesn't mean that every reported death is a reason to freeze the article in place. Even if it were, much of the dead/not-dead churn cam while the article was fully protected.  Gavia immer (talk) 03:49, 9 January 2011 (UTC)I don't think this was a common case of "every reported death". It was arguably the biggest news story of the last few months in the U.S. Admins should have done a better job reading the talk page, I agree. But I can't imagine that these issues would have been handled better if the page was left unprotected. All things considered, I still think congratulations are in order. First Light (talk) 04:03, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Support and I'd love to see something go even farther and say only edits to revert vandalism or correct basic factual BLP information be made; such as dead/alive, POI/suspect, alleged crimes until proven innocent, etc. If admins can't be reasonable to that low a logical level there needs to be a "super-duper protect" mode of some sort. Wikipedia is not a news source, we have no time limit, and I can't ever see the need to make substantive edits on a "breaking news" matter. At the Fort Hood Shooting edit warring incident I asked for (and got for 72hr) full protection for a yet-to-exist page for the alleged shooter (was a redirect) just to avoid a BLP disaster before facts were known. If it were up to me, we'd always be that cautious on BLP, but I can appreciate that this is a minority viewpoint.  Tstorm(talk) 04:06, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Support Also a comment: Wikipedia is not a newspaper or an online news source, and not every article needs to be "up to the minute". Some time spent waiting for events to settle down would have avoided some of today's problems -- and that time can come during the discussions to determine consensus. Beyond My Ken (talk) 04:29, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Yeah go ahead and add the sentence, I don't see anyone objecting or likely to object. Herostratus (talk) 04:57, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Oppose - has anyone read the second sentence, which says virtually the same thing? If people feel like the pre-existing policy is not working, we should discuss modifying the sentence and not add it a second time. Ed[talk] [majestic titan] 05:57, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Ridiculous Is already in the second sentence. Debresser (talk) 06:08, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Support - make the prohibition emphatic - we had far too many admins acting as super-editors on this article today. Exxolon (talk) 07:36, 9 January 2011 (UTC)That is already policy, as noted by Chase me. Restating it does not hurt, but does not help much either. The problem is that the policy is not enforced. Edits that violate it are abuses of administrator tools and should be sanctioned accordingly by the Arbitration Committee. Sandstein 10:11, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Oppose. As discussed above, this sentence ends up being redundant with the existing second sentence. And thinking about the discussion here, I've come to the conclusion that the proposed new sentence at the end would actually have an effect opposite to what is intended: instead of discouraging edits, it gives a pass to someone saying "yeah, but I didn't think it was substantive". I'm OK with leaving the paragraph as it is. Alternatively, one could better achieve the intended effect by adding, at the end of the second sentence: "; otherwise, no edits should be made." --Tryptofish (talk) 19:23, 9 January 2011 (UTC)I'm supporting the proposal, but I'd actually prefer tryptofish's suggestion since it has the same effect and is simpler. GiftigerWunsch [TALK] 19:27, 9 January 2011 (UTC)I'm also supporting the proposal, but I like this wording more as well. -- Eraserhead1 <talk> 19:31, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Support - I'd change the boldface to say a clear consensus to do so. Or change the original to bold. Bold is good. Looks official. Xavexgoem (talk) 23:05, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Well then you bold, I'll revert then we can discuss. (I won't revert, though. It's a good idea. --FormerIP (talk) 23:11, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Retrieved from "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia_talk:Protection_policy"Personal toolsLog in / create accountNamespacesProject pageDiscussionVariantsViewsReadEditNew sectionView historyActionsSearchNavigationMain pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaInteractionHelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact WikipediaToolboxWhat links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPrint/exportCreate a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version  This page was last modified on 10 January 2011 at 01:55.Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;additional terms may apply.See Terms of Use for details.Wikipedia is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.Contact usPrivacy policyAbout WikipediaDisclaimers