Floods in Northeast Australia strand 200,000 // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 83Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 31, 2010| 193 commentsFloods in Northeast Australia strand 200,000An error occurred while setting up video display.JanforGore added thisPounding rain has now resulted in a flood catastrophe in Northeast Australia larger than the size of Germany and France combined.groups:News, News and Politics, Green, Earth and Science, Water Is Life, Earth Care 2 moretags:Environment,Water,Australia,Floods,Don't feed the trolls,extreme climate events 2 morerecommended by:Vierotchka |193 comments// Floods in Northeast Australia strand 200,000hide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0Gravity_ManThe next post on this page will have either #1 a very large picture or big video block and/or #2 a long section of text to shove other posts further down the page.The battle of wits has begun. Put the good money on the crazy man. 7 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_ManEvil government. There, an even 16 times =>15 not mine. 7 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  Gravity_Man:More? OK. Here's a Legend for navigation:True => cancer cells are easily defeated.False => engine systems are not magic.True => Gov't did not build lightning towers system submitted to the D.O.E. in 1989, keeping everybody licking the crude oil spoon another 21 years.True => faxes of air-powered steam engine sent to Bush White House in November 2003 went ignored, keeping everybody licking the crude oil spoon another 21 -oops, 8- years.True => evil is in the eye of the beholder.True => 21 will get here soon enough. 7 days agoflag  reply-2IceKatYou would think Australians would be a climate fearing bunch but not so. This article comes from an Australian realist's blog. I post it here to show some extremists just how meaningless timescales in the tens of years are. To talk of a worst flood in fifty years is yet another desperate grasp at fearmongering._____________________________________________________This is a short post about time. Like distances in the universe, be they large (like the distance to the nearest star - 4 light years, or 40 trillion kilometers), or small (like the width of an average atom - a few hundred picometres, or less than a billionth of a metre), most people cannot comprehend the sheer enormousness of time. Climate alarmists and the media play on this understandable ignorance (especially at this time of year) by continually using terms like "in history" or "on record", which are calculated to make people believe that a particular climate record has some great historical significance, and that therefore it carries weight in the argument about whether current climate conditions are unusual or "unprecedented". Such weight is then used to justify drastic action to "tackle climate change" and tax our Western economies out of existence.Climate records generally extend back 150 years or so, with the longest being the Central England Temperature record, which dates back to the mid-1600s. So I thought it would be interesting to put this in some kind of geological context. The earth is considered to have been formed about 4.5 billion years ago, so let's make that period of time equal to a standard 30cm ruler - let's call it the Age-of-Earth Ruler. How much is 150 years on that scale?    * 1cm = 150 million years    * 1mm = 15 million years    * 1 micron (0.001mm) = 15,000 years    * 10 nanometres (0.00001mm) = 150 yearshttp://www.australianclimatemadness.com/2011/01/what-does-in-history-mean/?utm_s... 8 days agoflag  reply+3JanforGoreThis is now being stated as the worst flooding in fifty years. Crops are now ruined and it  has resulted in billions in losses with more storms coming. This is the moniker of climate change. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  JanforGore:So many people were predicting ocean levels would rise, when instead the ocean dropped on them from above. No wonder climatologists made mistakes in the past => they're making them RIGHT NOW! 8 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  JanforGore:"This is the moniker of climate change."Only in your opinion. Everyone else knows this is an event caused by La Nina. And worst in fifty years? Considering the life of the planet fifty years isn't even the blink of an eye.Still, you keep pushing the climate change/global warming political rant, the rest of the world has moved on. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  IceKat:Apples & Oranges. Only if we lived the age of the planet would planet-length numbers have relevance. Twice in 50 years is twice inside a person's lifetime to get completely wiped out financially. Another fail for you. You are doing a great sin using two scales btw. 8 days agoflag  reply-1ayipisjanforgore will tell us what she hears on tv... 8 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  ayipis:More like what the guys who cut her paycheck tell her to post. 8 days agoflag  reply0coolplanetCalifornia has been experiencing this same phenomenon - decades of severe drought followed by torrential rain.THIS is exactly the scenerio climetologists have been predicting for the past several decades due to global warming.Hawaii has long lost its trade winds, suffering horrible VOG, and south Pacific islands are vanishing before our very eyes.Everywhere you look extreme whether is happening.WHAT will it take to make people realize that THIS is an emergency???& that we have the power to slow it down and possibly stop! 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  coolplanet:Thanks for the info! Don't be forgetting the increasing earthquakes this past week in the northern Pacific. It's becoming a stew pot of activity over there.Contrasted to the Arctic blast hitting the Europe area. 8 days agoflag  reply-1ayipis  coolplanet:decades ago..your "climatetologists" predicted global cooling NOT global warming..this climate change had been following a pattern since the start of earth's creation..EARTH WAS NEVER IDLE...seeeshand scam artists had been making MONEY out of this shit..controlling industries and 3rd world countries..and what power are you talking about??? ( i want to hear this..i mean you guys been saving the planet since the 1970's)question..do you guys ever finished anything that you tried to save?what happened to the holes in our ozone layer??? 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  ayipis:Holes in the ozone layer? They were moving around last I heard. Changing to a less-damaging freon refrigerant fluid is supposedly helping, although China and other Asian countries could still be using the old stuff.The thermosphere has thinned & scientists don't know why, so even if the ozone layer has recovered some there are extra solar rays penetrating to earth's surface overall [from the thermosphere not being as thick].I've had several cancers so my skin is extra sensitive to these stronger rays. I've had to stay indoors during the summers for several years now so I think the issue is worsening.Global Warming's heated gases and airborne increases of volatile methane could have something to do with the thermospere disappearing... but that remains to be figured out. Perhaps we should postpone any action til after we have concluded 10 years of additional study. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  ayipis:Are you an expert on Creation? You say earth was never idle. How do you know that? I disagree with your assumptions. This planet supposedly began from a speck of space dust. For a long time it remained very small and quite frankly rather flat i.e. not any mountain ranges. Using a broad brush is a poor tactic. 8 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  coolplanet:Funny, that's not what I remember them predicting ten years ago...  But hey, when you're telling the big lie what's a few small lies between freinds. 8 days agoflag  reply0VierotchkaI have a dear friend living in the Brisbane area in Queensland. No news from her for days, she hasn't posted anything on her facebook page since Christmas. I do hope she and her children and grand-child are okay... 8 days agoflag  reply0coolplanet  Vierotchka:I likewise have friends in northern California that I have not been able to reach for a week.I was there for the "100-year flood" back in 1986. Then we had to rescue a dozen sheep from the top of a tree. That is when I first became aware of global warming.& it's only become worse ever since. 8 days agoflag  reply0JanforGorehttp://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2009/11/12/2740805.htmAdelaide had its first recorded heatwave in November in 2009. We will have to be vigilant to see how the South fares this summer , especially in light of the wildfires that occurred.Excerpt;"Adelaide's extreme hot weather is now officially in the record books as the city's first heatwave  for November.There have been five days in a row above 35 degrees Celsius. Simon Timcke from the weather bureau says history was made before lunchtime."Shortly before 11 this morning we clicked over 35 degrees which makes it the first official heatwave in November in Adelaide," he said. The previous hottest run was four consecutive days above 35 degrees in 1894."___http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/IOTD/view.php?id=41438Excerpt:"A spring heat wave scorched southeastern Australia in mid-November 2009, pushing the fire danger to the catastrophic category in parts of South Australia and New South Wales and to extreme in other surrounding areas. Many cities, including Melbourne and Adelaide experienced record-breaking temperatures that continued for many days.This pair of images illustrates the impact of the heatwave on the land surface temperatureswhich are different from the air temperatures reported in the daily weather reportacross the continent. Based on observations from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASAs Terra satellite, the maps show where temperatures from November 916 (left) and November 1724 (right) were warmer or cooler than the average for those same eight-day periods between 20002008.Around Adelaide in South Australia and Melbourne in Victoria, the land surface temperatures were up to 12 degrees Celsius (22 degrees Fahrenheit) above average in mid-November. For Adelaide, the event was the first  springtime  heatwave since records began in 1887, according to the Australian Bureau of Meteorology."___To put into perspective that this appears to be climate change as a result of global warming, which is not linear. A springtime heatwave of this magnitude is unusal for this area of Austraila. Heatwaves are expected in their summer months, but November is not their summer but their spring. 8 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  JanforGore:"Adelaide had its first recorded heatwave in November in 2009."Oh really?This from the Bureau of Meteorology:Tuesday, 23 January 2001 Adelaide is experiencing its second heatwave this month, following six consecutive days at or above 35 degrees Celsius earlier in January. The only other occasion when two heatwaves have occurred in one month was almost a century ago, in January 1908. 8 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  JanforGore:This just gets better... seems Adelaide's first heatwave in 2009 wasn't really the first.Adelaide smashes heatwave recordPosted March 13, 2008 12:20:00The national capital city record for the longest number of days reaching 35 degrees Celsius has been broken in Adelaide. (ABC News)Adelaide set an unenviable national record today when it recorded the longest-lasting heatwave - 11 days - of any Australian capital city. 8 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  JanforGore:06/12/2006Adelaide sweltered under a late November heat wave, with daily temperatures up to the Fahrenheit ton, while rural South Australia baked and was fried and roasted by bushfires in the Mid North...So, another November heatwave for Adelaide. 8 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  JanforGore:http://sofiesnews.blogspot.com/Thursday, November 15, 2007Adelaide Super Workshop Q 4 We decided on Tuesday BS to do 45 mins only, it was worse than a sauna and people were just stopping halfway through tracks. Doesn't help we're in a November heatwave in Adelaide! Ah well. The things we do.An unofficial heatwave, perhaps, but a heatwave none the less. 8 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  JanforGore:"To put into perspective that this appears to be climate change as a result of global warming, which is not linear."And yet there was a heatwave in 1894."The previous hottest run was four consecutive days above 35 degrees in 1894." So was it global warming then too?How is global warming involved in this since global temperatures are at a pretty low level at the moment? Temperatures have been warmer, so how do you link that to a heatwave in 2009 and a natural flood caused by La Nina in 2010/11?In fact is there any correlation between a heatwave in the south of Australia and a natural flood in the north east of Australia?How does your oceanic salinity theory tie in with La Nina and a natural flood? This really is painful to see. If you cannot come up with some real scientific evidence you should really take up another hobby. Your theories, strange as they are, are easily debunked with no more than a few minutes research. So what's next...? 8 days agoflag  reply-1CrouchingWeasel  IceKat:I find it hilarious that even when the man-made global warming lemmings are presented with clear facts in multiple comments that debunk their false religion they'll vote it all down for no other reason than they can't stand to be confronted with the truth. 8 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  CrouchingWeasel:It really is laughable. The thing with this forum is that science has no place in it. Some of the people here take more notice of articles in papers written by lazy journalists or activists. Most of the information proffered by JanforGore is cherry-picked to include only sensationalistic scaremongering. Nothing sensational is questioned. Everything scientific is abandoned without question if it goes against their beliefs. Notice how JanforGore has posted an article below.    She begins by stating as fact, "Increased evaporation due to warmer atmosphere and ocean temperatures is changing how many systems work." Nowhere in the article is evaporation mentioned. That is her opinion. Many will believe her, too lazy to do their own thinking or research.The article is from the World Meteorological Organization. "The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) is a specialized agency of the United Nations." The UN? Now where have we come across that one before? IPCC anyone?Judging by the text we see they use average temperatures from 19611990 as a benchmark. This shows that the temperatures they use are not from satellites, these are ground-based temperatures which have been the subject of much questioning with respect to their placement, and methods used by their operators.The tone of the article speaks volumes in itself. Lines like, "large parts of southern Asia and central Africa are likely to have the warmest year on record" stated even before the year is out. Some people will read that line and miss out the word likely by choice. The story then becomes "Asia and Africa - hottest year ever."People like her will continue to spurt trash, and many here will follow her and latch onto every word. But that's how weak people operate, they need a leader, and the leader needs followers. It's an ego thing - attention seeking. i don't mind being voted down. It's their way of exerting power, the only real power they'll ever have. 8 days agoflag  reply+1Gravity_Man  IceKat:The temperature of the air in direct contact with water is what affects the rate of evaporation from that water. Jan was correct. Quoting a reference is not necessary for such a simple fact of weather.You're grasping. 8 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  Gravity_Man:What on earth are you on about? Her implication was that increasing global temperatures mean more evaporation and therefore more rain, or something along those lines, I think - it's often difficult to know exactly what she means.Yes, increased temperatures do mean more evaporation, but the world is not continuously warming. Global temperatures are lower now than they have been for a long while. Even people on the alarmists' side admit there has been no warming for fifteen years. Once people understand that the thirty year warm period was cyclical in nature and nothing to do with man's activities, the sooner we can all get back to real science. 8 days agoflag  reply+3Gravity_Man  IceKat:Your incessant personal attacks on this thread detract from your weather information. I've had enough of your puking toward me for one night.Calling me a JanforGore follower sucks rotten eggs mister. You have shown yourself to be a very trashy-minded person.Gutter trash. 8 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  Gravity_Man:And suddenly it all comes pouring out! But I love this, "Calling me a JanforGore follower sucks rotten eggs mister." :)Thanks for the personal attack - I knew you'd get there in the end. 8 days agoflag  reply+1Gravity_Man  IceKat:hahaha You're desperate, attack dog, if you think you can turn my rebuttal into an unwarranted attack on you.You're a joke. 8 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  Gravity_Man:Please, this is turning into playground stuff. I really haven't time for such childishness. 8 days agoflag  reply+2Gravity_Man  IceKat:Then I suggest you muzzle yourself. 8 days agoflag  reply+2Vierotchka  IceKat:You've obviously been holding your thermometer upside down... "Global temperatures are lower now than they have been for a long time", what a load of crock! 8 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  Vierotchka:As of November, the most recent date we have data for, global temperature anomalies stood at +0.31C, not even a third of one degree Celsius. We are now -0.55C lower than the peak anomaly in April 1998. 8 days agoflag  reply+2Vierotchka  IceKat:Says who? Meaningless and microscopic dip in the general upward trend, at most. 8 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  Vierotchka:RSS Satellite data. Microscopic dip? Had it been a +0.55C anomaly you would have been jumping for joy! 8 days agoflag  reply-3MrMxyzptlk  Gravity_Man:I don't think we should take what oyu say too seriously, after all, you're the guy who thinks he invented a magic energy device and the evil government has stopped you from saving the world with it. 8 days agoflag  reply+1Gravity_Man  IceKat:I take it "global" temperature anomalies is a fancy dance for average. How was the global rainfall average? We need to get these numbers faxed to Australia immediately so they know everything's OK.No worries mate. Apples & oranges all the way.And since earthquakes and volcanoes only occupy a miniscule amount of global surface area include that too! 8 days agoflag  reply+3JanforGore  CrouchingWeasel:Oh look, another "new" identity on Current. How convenient. 8 days agoflag  reply-3IceKat  JanforGore:It's inconceivable isn't it, that there could be someone else who disagrees with you? 8 days agoflag  reply-2CrouchingWeasel  JanforGore:Jesus Christ, paranoid much? Of course when it appears that another free thinking person signs up to post here & disagree with your rhetoric it just has to be a forum regular out to stir up trouble against The Cause. Time to lay off the weed & get yourself some help. 8 days agoflag  reply+2JanforGore  CrouchingWeasel:What a crock. You are "new" yet you start out with the same insults about "weed" and "getting help" as every other usual troller here. Your diversionary insulting BS has been duly noted, and you are now relegated to the dustbin with the others. 8 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  IceKat:Oh please... you really are a piece of work. 7 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  Vierotchka:I know, terrible isn't it? You just hate facts don't you? 7 days agoflag  reply+2Vierotchka  IceKat:Clones never differ. 7 days agoflag  reply+2Vierotchka  IceKat:Then go back into your playpen and play with your dollies, and leave the adults alone. 7 days agoflag  reply+2Vierotchka  IceKat:You wouldn't know a fact if it sliced and diced and fried and force-fed you your gonads (assuming you have any). 7 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  Vierotchka:"You wouldn't know a fact if it sliced and diced and blah blah..." Here's a fact:We are now -0.55C lower than the peak anomaly in April 1998 (spot the global warming). RSS MSU data. If you can prove otherwise I'd love to see your evidence. In the meantime please feel free to keep posting insults - it's all you've got. 7 days agoflag  reply+2Vierotchka  IceKat:Prove it. 7 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  Vierotchka:You disprove it. Look at RSS MSU data and see what you come up with.That would probably be too difficult for you so here's a start:1998  4    0.858    1.171    0.900    0.455    0.469    0.127   -0.287    0.983    0.7272010 11    0.312   -0.087    0.695    0.358    1.242    0.107   -0.039    0.414    0.205The figures you're interested in are 0.858 and 0.312 for the dates April 1998 and November 2010. If you care to sit down with a calculator you'll find that global temperatures have fallen by 0.546 degrees Celsius. 7 days agoflag  reply+2Vierotchka  IceKat:That's not proof - how do I know you didn't pull all those figures out of your ass (like every allegations you make)? 7 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  Vierotchka:Get off your lazy ass and do some reading. Find data for yourself and stop being so bloody stupid. RSS MSU and most other data is available if you look for it. Now you prove I'm making it up!__________________________________________________________I have just received data from RSS MSU for December 2010, it reads:2010 12    0.251   -0.228    0.497    0.537    1.456    0.292   -0.908    0.242    0.261That's a drop of 0.607 degrees Celsius from the peak anomaly in 1998. What might interest some of our American friends is the third from last figures. In December 2010 this figure reads -0.908. That means temperatures in continental USA are now -0.908C below average. So as of December 2010 we're now 0.25 degrees Celsius above average. One quarter of one degree - hardly the image of a burning planet, is it?Im sure you'll be able to find out what all the other data contained here is about... or maybe you'll just hurl insults my way instead!2010  7    0.608    2010  8    0.583    2010  9    0.525    2010 10    0.293   2010 11    0.312   2010 12    0.251Spot a trend? 7 days agoflag  reply+2Vierotchka  IceKat:Blah blah blah blahitty blah. You made the assertions, the burden of proof is on you. 7 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Vierotchka:Three people voted you up for writing that. Well done.Obviously posting real scientific data is not acceptable unless it can be twisted into some form of bad news. Some people here relish in impending disaster, the hope of catastrophe, and blaming others for it. No doubt you'll soon be hearing how something is warmer, colder, wetter, dryer... and it's all our fault. You will believe that, even without checking the information or sources. But that is your religion - to blindly believe anything bad so you can apportion blame, point fingers and continue your 'holier than thou' rants. 7 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  IceKat:I don't blindly believe anything, in fact I have no beliefs - there is what I know and there is what I don't know - that is because, unlike you, I am intellectually honest. As for being holier than you, that is dead easy, it is no achievement. 6 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Vierotchka:Oh no... James Hansen... really? Are you serious? 6 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  IceKat:I trust him a million time more than I trust you, for excellent reasons. 6 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Vierotchka:Of course you do, he's one of your leaders and one of the people who instigated the whole - "we're boiling the earth" theory. Fortunately he's been proved wrong time and time again. 6 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  IceKat:I have no leaders, dearie. I trust him because he is eminently qualified, and you are not. 6 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Vierotchka:His own employers (NASA) called him an embarrassment! Dearie? 6 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  IceKat:It was only his former supervisor Dr. John S. Theon, and not NASA, that did so. Dr. John S. Theon also asserted that climate models are useless."Hansen has stated that NASA administrators have tried to influence his public statements about the causes of climate change.[76][77] Hansen said that NASA public relations staff were ordered to review his public statements and interviews after a December 2005 lecture at the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco. NASA responded that its policies are similar to those of any other federal agency in requiring employees to coordinate all statements with the public affairs office without exception.[78] Two years after Hansen and other agency employees described a pattern of distortion and suppression of climate science by political appointees, the agencys inspector general found that the NASA Office of Public Affairs had mischaracterized the science of climate change intended for the public.[79]"Hansen has also appeared on 60 Minutes stating that the George W. Bush White House edited climate-related press releases reported by federal agencies to make global warming seem less threatening.[80] He also stated that he was unable to speak freely without the backlash of other government officials, and that he has not experienced that level of restrictions on communicating with the public during his career.[80]"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_HansenIt is pretty clear and obvious that the oil-driven Bush administration was behind efforts to discredit Dr. James Hansen - it was glaringly obvious at the time, it still is today. 6 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  IceKat:deary, dearie [dr]n1. pl dearies Informal a term of affection: now often sarcastic or facetious 6 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  Vierotchka:Wikipedia? Oh great...William Connolley's work again:"Instead, the band members turned to their friends in the media and to the blogosphere, creating a website called RealClimate.org. The idea is that we working climate scientists should have a place where we can mount a rapid response to supposedly bombshell papers that are doing the rounds in aid of combating dis-information, one email explained, referring to criticisms of the hockey stick and anything else suggesting that temperatures today were not the hottest in recorded time. One person in the nine-member Realclimate.org team  U.K. scientist and Green Party activist William Connolley  would take on particularly crucial duties. ""Connolley took control of all things climate in the most used information source the world has ever known  Wikipedia. Starting in February 2003, just when opposition to the claims of the band members were beginning to gel, Connolley set to work on the Wikipedia site. He rewrote Wikipedias articles on global warming, on the greenhouse effect, on the instrumental temperature record, on the urban heat island, on climate models, on global cooling. On Feb. 14, he began to erase the Little Ice Age; on Aug.11, the Medieval Warm Period. In October, he turned his attention to the hockey stick graph. He rewrote articles on the politics of global warming and on the scientists who were skeptical of the band. Richard Lindzen and Fred Singer, two of the worlds most distinguished climate scientists, were among his early targets, followed by others that the band especially hated, such as Willie Soon and Sallie Baliunas of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, authorities on the Medieval Warm Period." December 2009 Lawrence Solomon 6 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Vierotchka:I did know what it meant, dearie, it is in common use in England :)I was merely questioning your use of the term. If you cannot be civil don't bother replying to me. 6 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  IceKat:My use of the term was sarcastic, as per the definition above. There is not a shred of anything coming close to being endearing in you, quite the opposite. 6 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Vierotchka:I was well aware of the way you were using the word. All you seem to be good at is posting insulting comments, it's all I've come to expect. 6 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  IceKat:If you were well aware of the way I used the word, why did you ask, why did you question my use of the term? I only counter-insult - if you don't like being insulted, you know what not to do. 6 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  Vierotchka:Ok, thanks. I hope you enjoy the rest of your evening :) 6 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  IceKat:That's better. 6 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  IceKat:Since you're so fond of posting graphs, here is one for your edification. Don't you see a trend? 6 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  IceKat:And another one. Spot a trend? 6 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  Vierotchka:Yes. I see a clear upward trend. Obviously an indication of man-made global warming. Thank you very much for presenting these charts. I'm now off to buy a Prius and to plant some trees, hey, maybe I'll even join Greenpeace... 6 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  Vierotchka:Both World Wars lowered the temperature? Vietnam stayed the same?!INCONCEIVABLE!And when Ford screwed up the Mustang design was when it took off! Imagine that. 6 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  Vierotchka:And a couple years later after Ford fixed the Mustang... 6 days agoflag  reply+1Gravity_ManI always kind of thought the oceans were supposed to stay in the oceans. 8 days agoflag  reply+2JanforGore  Gravity_Man:Increased evaporation due to warmer atmosphere and ocean temperatures is changing how many systems work.http://www.wmo.int/pages/mediacentre/press_releases/pr_869_en.htmlExcerpt:"The year 2009 is likely to rank in the top 10 warmest on record since the beginning of instrumental climate records in 1850, according to data sources compiled by the World Meteorological Organization (WMO). The global combined sea surface and land surface air temperature for 2009 (JanuaryOctober) is currently estimated at 0.44C  0.11C (0.79F  0.20F) above the 19611990 annual average of 14.00C/57.2F. The current nominal ranking of 2009, which does not account for uncertainties in the annual averages, places it as the fifth-warmest year. The decade of the 2000s (20002009) was warmer than the decade spanning the 1990s (19901999), which in turn was warmer than the 1980s (19801989). More complete data for the remainder of the year 2009 will be analysed at the beginning of 2010 to update the current assessment. This year above-normal temperatures were recorded in most parts of the continents. Only North America (United States and Canada) experienced conditions that were cooler than average. Given the current figures, large parts of southern Asia and central Africa are likely to have the warmest year on record.Climate extremes, including devastating floods, severe droughts, snowstorms, heatwaves and cold waves, were recorded in many parts of the world. This year the extreme warm events were more frequent and intense in southern South America, Australia and southern Asia, in particular. La Nia conditions shifted into a warm-phase El Nio-Southern Oscillation (ENSO) in June. The Arctic sea ice extent during the melt season ranked the third lowest, after the lowest and second-lowest records set in 2007 and 2008, respectively. This preliminary information for 2009 is based on climate data from networks of land-based weather and climate stations, ships and buoys, as well as satellites. The data are continuously collected and disseminated by the National Meteorological and Hydrological Services (NMHSs) of the 189 Members of WMO and several collaborating research institutions. The data continuously feed three main depository global climate data and analysis centres, which develop and maintain homogeneous global climate datasets based on peer-reviewed methodologies. The WMO global temperature analysis is thus based on three complementary datasets. One is the combined dataset maintained by both the Hadley Centre of the UK Met Office and the Climatic Research Unit, University of East Anglia, United Kingdom. Another dataset is maintained by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) under the United States Department of Commerce, and the third one is from the Goddard Institute of Space Studies (GISS) operated by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The content of the WMO statement is verified and peer-reviewed by leading experts from other international, regional and national climate institutions and centres before its publication. Final updates and figures for 2009 will be published in March 2010 in the annual WMO Statement on the Status of the Global Climate.Regional temperature anomaliesThe year 2009 (JanuaryOctober) was again warmer than the 19611990 average all over Europe and the Middle East. China had the third-warmest year since 1951; for some regions 2009 was the warmest year. The year started with a mild January in northern Europe and large parts of Asia, while western and central Europe were colder than normal. Russia and the Great Lakes region in Canada experienced colder-than- average temperatures in February and January, respectively. Spring was very warm in Europe and Asia; April in particular was extremely warm in central Europe. Germany, the Czech Republic and Austria reported temperature anomalies of more than +5C, breaking the previous records for the month in several locations. The European summer was also warmer than the long-term average, particularly over the southern regions. Spain had the third-warmest summer, with hotter summers reported only in 2003 and 2005. Italy recorded a strong heatwave in July, with maximum temperatures above 40C, and some local temperatures reaching 45C. A heatwave at the beginning of July affected the United Kingdom, France, Belgium and Germany, and some stations in Norway experienced new maximum temperature records. India had an extreme heatwave event during May, which caused 150 deaths. A heatwave hit northern China during June, with daily maximum temperatures above 40C; historical maximum temperature records were broken for the summer in some locations. In late July many cities across Canada recorded their warmest daily temperatures. Vancouver and Victoria set new records, reaching 34.4C and 35.0C, respectively. Alaska also had the second-warmest July on record. Conversely, October was a very cold month across large parts of the United States. For the nation as a whole, it was the third-coolest October on record, with an average temperature anomaly of -2.2C (-4.0F). Similarly, a very cold October was reported in Scandinavia, with mean temperature anomalies ranging from -2C to -4C.The austral autumn (March to May) was extremely warm in Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay and southern Brazil. With daily temperatures ranging from 30C to 40C, several records were broken during this season. By the end of October, an extreme weather situation affected north and central Argentina, producing unusually high temperatures (above 40C). Conversely, November was abnormally cold in the southern part of the region, with some rare and late snowfalls.So far, Australia has had the third-warmest year on record. The year 2009 was marked by three exceptional heatwaves, which affected south-eastern Australia in January/February and November, and subtropical eastern Australia in August. The January/February heatwave was associated with disastrous bushfires that caused more than 173 fatalities. Victoria recorded its highest temperature with 48.8C. The northern region experienced a cold summer, however, with anomalies reaching -3C to -4C in some places. Winter was exceptionally mild over much of Australia. Maximum temperatures were well above normal across the entire continent, reaching 6C to 7C above normal in some parts. The national maximum temperature anomaly of +3.2C was the largest ever recorded for any month.:cont. 8 days agoflag  reply+1Gravity_Man  JanforGore:A localized tipping point then.... we may see many more => Hit n' Run Weather phenomena that probably slide under tucked in yearly averages. 8 days agoflag  reply+1Gravity_Man  JanforGore:If Adelaide has as much extreme heat as IceKat says it does and IF the heatwave occurs when the wind isn't blowing much THEN the evaporation off the ocean surface could be conceivably staying over Adelaide... to cause a smashing rainfall.That's downright scary just to type. 8 days agoflag  reply+2JanforGore  Gravity_Man:Yes, and it only proves our point. But again, it is the length as well that constitutes an "official" heatwave, but don't you love the desperation here of certain individuals even when ignored who hang on here to dispute everything posted and actually wind up making your point about the unusal weather Australia has been having? Even if it is an unsourced quote from a "cricket match" site. Again, no science, only obsession with proving the target wrong. I think that addiction to fossil fuel is much stronger than we thought.http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6040IE20100105Australia Scorches Under Its Hottest Decade On Recordhttp://current.com/news/92873669_the-wild-weather-of-2010-a-year-of-climate-weat...2010-a year of climate weather extremes 8 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  JanforGore:So, I "actually wind up making your point"? How on earth do you come to that conclusion?You have no defence when you asserted that the recent floods were caused by some sort of man-made climate change, the scientific facts are staring you in the face, the proof is in the numerous articles I presented here. Then you posted a link trying to blame something on oceanic salinity? Why? And now, in sheer desperation, you decide to produce old links to articles about heatwaves in Adelaide. Are you so desperate that you need to find some link to man in order to satisfy your need for negativity?Then look at the line you posted, "The previous hottest run was four consecutive days above 35 degrees in 1894." So what caused a heatwave in 1894?There is just so much evidence that contradicts your theory linking man's activities to the recent weather events in Australia. Australia has had severe weather for centuries - get over it. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  JanforGore:We need to flash a fax to the Australians informing them they need to get over it and move on, it's commonplace => Death, taxes and rain. 8 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Gravity_Man:In Australia that is actually a fact. Australia is famous for its severe weather, droughts and floods are all part of its natural climate - it has been well known for centuries. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  JanforGore:Jan, I'm curious as to Total Rainfall. Seems like this is an abnormal amount of waterfall coming to both California and Australia within such a close timeframe.By the way Jan it looks like all the water not falling on the Sahara and other drought-stricken areas has went to these two spots.More proof Jan, more proof. A blind man could see this junk. It looks like Planet Dirt has declared WAR on the human race!!! 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  IceKat:Thanks! I seek to factor in all relevant facts regardless of outcome. If it falls to your side then that's what happens. At the moment it doesn't appear to be doing so.The reason I say that is there's too much crap all coming down at th same time. It started about 6 months ago give or take when Arizona was slammed with 4 tornadoes in the same day. Ever since that, Jan's case has only been getting stronger.Your cries for what went down thousands, millions & billions of years ago doesn't really be all that germain. The reason I say that is because for the past 100+ years the human (and food animals) population of Planet Earth has gone ballistic, which is a situation this planet has never had to deal with.Your argument is apples versus oranges. 8 days agoflag  reply+1JanforGore  Gravity_Man:http://www.bom.gov.au/jsp/awap/rain/index.jsp?colour=colour&time=latest&...This is the link where you can check rainfall for an area and time span. This is Queensland ( where it is now flooding) over the past twelve months. Pretty intense. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  IceKat:It's true that the Mass of this planet vastly overwhelms humanity's presence. However, the world wide airline industry has been launching thousands of jets per day for decades, and each passenger jet dumps enough pollutant crap seeded out into the clouds to equal many power plants.Plus power plants on the ground. And coal. And the Chinese bringing a hundred more coal power plants online. Humanity has a footprint a lot larger than their feet.Our footprint is stomping the environment like a herd of stampeding elephants pooping our oceans full of excrement.IceKat, the bill has come due. You and congoboy can do all ya want to silence Jan but she's holding the winning cards. 8 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Gravity_Man:"IceKat, the bill has come due. You and congoboy can do all ya want to silence Jan but she's holding the winning cards"Really? She has consistently proved that she can post irrelevant links to stories that have nothing to do with the original post, but that's about all she's done.She started by trying to make us "connect the dots" implying that the current floods in Australia are all part of one cause - man-made global warming. When I presented a number of comments each showing that these floods are in fact common and a natural part of Australia's severe weather she changed the story. Then she went off on a tangent trying to blame oceanic salinity. A poor attempt, and one she soon left behind in her continued attempt to paint Australia as the land of the doomed.Now she wants us to believe that Australia is burning up. She presents information from the Australian Bureau of Meteorology, the same source as many of my comments, yet she labels my comments as unscientific! Strange.No, what we have here is not a supply of scientific information from JanforGore, it is merely a selection of articles from over-zealous and lazy journalists seeking sensationalism. Some people revel in that and fail to see the reality behind the sensation, but I understand they get off on that sort of thing. No doubt JanforGore will continue to post comments in the hope that someone will buy her "Australia is on the brink of climactic disaster" theory. But the reality is that Australia has been a land of severe extremes for centuries - this is nothing new.What else is not new is the blame game. Notice how if there's a drought, it's global warming. A flood, it's global warming. Any extreme is put down to global warming. When will someone tell me a time when Australia was a land of continuous mild and placid weather? It never was and never will be, and some people are using that as fuel for their scaremongering, and that's just cheap. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  IceKat:Perhaps you and her have become very polarized. What I have noticed you and congoboy doing is you isolate places from the whole. It helps make your case when you do that. I prefer to look at the overall, the big picture, which you seem to have avoided.You look for the weak link in the chain and attack that, which tells me you aren't so lily white yourself as to motive for being here. You're not after the truth. Undoubtedly you're a hired hand, a paid attack dog => a point JanforGore has made several times & appears to be true. 8 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  Gravity_Man:Accusing someone of being a paid dog is an easy way out. Hey, follow what JanforGore has to say. Listen to her, take it all in, then in a few years time you'll see how wrong she has been. People like her have been crying "the end is near" for decades, they were wrong then just as JanforGore is wrong now, but I won't convince you - time will. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  IceKat:I'm one of those people who believes the End is Near but it doesn't come from weather patterns it comes from Scripture and Scriptural timetables most people know little about. Being familiar with Last Days beliefs I have not seen Jan lean in that direction, therefore it's just yet another one of your personal attacks.What I am curious about is to know why Arctic cold blast has decided to hammer the northern Europe area. It has happened before and now it's showing us it's planning to continue happening.Personal attacks is a waste of time to read, and quite frankly it borders on a sexual gender thing. It's getting to be very distasteful. Adding a religious attack to your repertoire is poor form. You belong in a kennel.If I saw your voluminous research being used to reach answers I could muster some respect for you but you're using your gift as a Roman phalanx attack. You're very obvious. 8 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Gravity_Man:You're very obvious too. Have a nice day! 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  IceKat:Yes I am that. I did it without attacking a woman too. 8 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Gravity_Man:Yes, you're whiter than white - keep it up :) 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  IceKat:Personal attacks some more eh? hahahahaha You have deep -and untreated- personal issues. 8 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Gravity_Man:"You have deep -and untreated- personal issues."I take it that was merely a statement and not a personal attack? 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  IceKat:Actually it was from the doctor in me. I was offering free medical advice to help my opponent. Perhaps since you turn everything into a personal attack you have even deeper issues than I thought.Still think I'm "weak"? I solved cancer my friend. I'm not weak. Your hatred began back after I mentioned Bible Scripture. You're very upset because you know you're ignorant where the Bible is concerned so you immediately showed your deep seated need to make me look bad.Even if you somehow succeed you're still ignorant. 8 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Gravity_Man:Stop trying to paint me as hating you or anyone else here. Again, this is going nowhere. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  IceKat:You're going nowhere. Perhaps you should wake up your attack buddy congoboy. You're in Round 12 and throwing in the white towel.I especially liked your comment => "nothing to do with man".Smoking some weed tonight eh? 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  IceKat:Please kind sir, would you refer to me one more time as "whiter than white"?Other posters need to know what you're really about. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  IceKat:IceKat, I don't back down to dogs or potheads. You go find someone else to attack. There is no victory here for you against me. Wait til I'm gone and then resume your vicious verbal attacks against JanforGore => you seem to enjoy doing that according to the many derogatory comments you have made in this thread. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  IceKat:I know exactly what you're doing. You pepper your comments with personal junk => a psychological ploy to throw people off their game. It's more than vicious what you're doing. It's slimey and it smells.I've watched you use these mind-partitioning techniques for many weeks. If your case against JanforGore is such a good one you'd not need to stoop so low. Since you ARE doing it your belly is dragging the ground. Ex-military are ya? Do a little service in Abu Ghraib did you? Want to waterboard me right now eh?Won't work. Been there done that. 8 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  Gravity_Man:I don't think we should take what you say too seriously, after all, you're the guy who thinks he invented a magic energy device and the evil government has stopped you from saving the world with it. 8 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  Gravity_Man:I don't think we should take what you say too seriously, after all, you're the guy who thinks he invented a magic energy device and the evil government has stopped you from saving the world with it. 8 days agoflag  reply+2JanforGore  Gravity_Man:I wouldn't exactly say they are "winning" cards or even cards at all. I'm not here to have a contest with fools or to recruit anyone to "my side" because there is no "side" in this to me, only the truth. I'm not here to put on a show, I'm here because I am truly concerned about where we are headed. It is the neocons, teabaggers, some Democrats who play the game as well, the MEDIA, oil barons and their minions, and those in the service of keeping the status quo who have made this into a political/ ideological football in their attempt to keep people asleep for their benefit regarding this, and it stinks to high heaven. This is the main reason why I will no longer engage the same disruptors on these threads as they fall into that group. They use every tactic from the Internet troll playbook to demean, disrupt a thread, change the topic and cast doubt on the very reality that is posted, all for an obvious agenda (and attention it seems for some as the most prolific responder in this thread can only be found for the most part in threads I post) that goes beyond just "disagreeing" about something. And I honestly have no time for these antics nor the pedantic attempts to divide and conquer. The reality as it is playing out in this world is what we should be concentrating on, not the personal grudges of those on an Internet message board who play political games and don't really know Sh** about what they're talking about. I BTW, do not think the end is near, I think WE have brought ourselves to a point of moral introspection collectively through our actions when we will be forced to look into the abyss, and are at that point now. What we do after looking into it is what posting truth to bring awareness and action is all about. And that for me is not political or ideological in scope. It however has everything to do with the moral compass of a species that appears on the whole to be going way off into the stratosphere. And I will not be deterred in posting what is happening in the hope that the truly positive place we could make this world if we truly had the will to do so can still come to fruition. That will however, only seems to come when we have pushed ourselves to the point of no return. We must not allow that to happen in this case because it is all on the line now. 8 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  Gravity_Man:I don't think we should take what you say too seriously, after all, you're the guy who thinks he invented a magic energy device and the evil government has stopped you from saving the world with it.  Now you say you have solved cancer.  Dude, your crazy is showing. 8 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  Gravity_Man:Yes, it's so low to post articles that contradict what her majesty says...  That ought to be a crime... 8 days agoflag  reply+1Gravity_Man  MrMxyzptlk:Good! Personal attacks to start the day! 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  MrMxyzptlk:Yes! So great of you to notice and you should see the American Cancer Society running around trying to invent something real quick! They scrambled a jet with one of their executives onboard all the way down here to my city to make the announcement.hahahahahahaha OK, continue your stupid insults now. 8 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  JanforGore:"I think WE have brought ourselves to a point of moral introspection when we will be forced to look into the abyss, and are at that point now. "Oh, you think! Well if that's what you think then by all means go and look into your own abyss. You see a problem, others don't. Stop trying to force your opinions and guilt onto others. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  JanforGore:Jan you are on the winning side. Look how many stooge jesters they have to send out every day against one girl. Look at the asinine and hate-filled comments they make because their facts are not sufficient. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  Gravity_Man:The day after I posted instructions how-to stop a malignant cancer the American Cancer Society scrambled their corporate jet to Roanoke Virginia to announce they have a "promising new treatment for cancer". The answers are easy and they are on my website => www.newpath4.com for anyone willing to read a little, the solutions are there.Plus information about my miracle engine systems too! Gravity is a fluid and I have mastered that. Fluid dynamics are in my car engine too. Imagine that. I seem to have a gift given me by a Divine Gift Giver to solve engines the mighty American scientists somehow oops missed. Detroit automakers missed em also.That's why 500,000 U.S. automobiles & pickups are being recalled. 8 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  MrMxyzptlk:The big difference between Gravity Man and you is that there is method and logic in his madness, but not a trace of them in yours. 7 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  Vierotchka:This is logic?"The day after I posted instructions how-to stop a malignant cancer the American Cancer Society scrambled their corporate jet to Roanoke Virginia to announce they have a "promising new treatment for cancer".""Gravity is a fluid and I have mastered that.""I seem to have a gift given me by a Divine Gift Giver to solve engines the mighty American scientists somehow oops missed."Vier, that is what we call crazy.  If you think that is logic then a whole lot of your posts suddenly make sense... 7 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  MrMxyzptlk:How do you know it is not true? Yes, there is logic and method in his madness, but none in yours. 7 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  Vierotchka:If you want to beleive the crazt cross cultist who thinks he cured cancer and built the magical energy machine then you go ahead.  After all, you believe in AGW so I guess you will fall for just about anything. 7 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  Vierotchka:Thanks Vierotchka. The American Cancer Society did scramble their executive down here to Roanoke following my placing online instructions for defeating malignant cancers. They are not secrets. Many cancer clinics are using the same methods.The American Cancer Society sees their wheelbarrow lode of donated monies getting less donations. You will notice in the News they're pushing harder than ever to guilt people into donating. The reason they sent him down here was damage control.I shot their ignorant public hen that lays big golden eggs.All over the world people are defeating malignant cancers with nutrition. They are also taking very hot baths to overheat cancer cells. Hot baths destroy cancer cells everywhere in the human body.See also http://www.prleap.com/pr/91843 7 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  MrMxyzptlk:I neither believe nor disbelieve. With regard to AGW, it is not a matter of belief, it is a question of knowledge (something you sorely lack). 7 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  Vierotchka:If that were true you'd have changed your mind based on the volume of information that has shown AGW to be bullshit.  Since you maintian your beleif in the face of evidence to the contrary then you are clearly taking this AGW stuff on faith.  You're just like the Inteligent Design people with your pseudo science wrapping an ideology. 7 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  MrMxyzptlk:Compared to the amount of real science demonstrating that AGW is a fact, the "volume of information that has shown AGW to be bullshit" is outnumbered 10,000 to 1 and based on phony science and hysteria. 7 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  Vierotchka:Sorry but it's your religion that is based on phony science and hysteria.  IceKat has posted tons of articles and studies showing that this AGW stuff is bogus.  The numbers of scientists that support AGW are dropping every day as the data fudging and outright lies are brought to light.  But all you ecomentalists can do is name call and mud sling. 7 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  MrMxyzptlk:I don't have any religion, and IceKat posts only disinformation, as do you. 7 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  Vierotchka:Satellite data is disinformation now?  I've shown you up to date information about global temperatures and you reject it. What does that say about you?And you call us deniers!!! 7 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  Vierotchka:Opinion presented as fact... as usual! Prove it!!!You made the assertion, the burden of proof is on you. 7 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Vierotchka:"it is a question of knowledge"I agree. Knowledge based upon sound data and observable facts. Facts gleaned from reputable sources, not from newspaper articles written by juniors who have a psychotic need to find a way of injecting the words climate change into every article.There just isn't the room here to list all of the failures in the climate models, the failed predictions, and the fact that the planet just does not do what the doom-mongers think it will do. Not only the scientific facts, but also real-world evidence has shown that man is not causing global warming. Global warming is a thing of the past, a misused and outdated term. 7 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  Vierotchka:Sure you don't.  If thats the case then why is it you act just like a born again christian who is trying to convince an Athiest that they need to go to church to be saved?  You insist that we ignore all sources of information other than your handpicked sources.  You claim that anyone who disagrees with you is trying to lead people away from the true path.  When faced with those who refuse to follow your blind faith you resort to insults.  You have a religion and it is your faith in AGW. 6 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  IceKat:Here is fact (also, you are the one who should prove your assertions are fact, you are the one on whom lies the burden of proof).http://www.columbia.edu/~jeh1/mailings/2010/20101211_TemperatureAndEurope.pdf 6 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  IceKat:Here you go: http://www.columbia.edu/~jeh1/2010/201010_BluePlanet.pdf 6 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  Vierotchka:Great!!! Now you want me to look at GISS data and agree with it? Ok, so tell me where are their stations north of 80N? 6 days agoflag  reply+2JanforGorehttp://www.theage.com.au/national/queensland-floods-a-disaster-of-biblical-propo...An update.Excerpt:"Queensland floods a 'disaster of biblical proportions' Erik Jensen and Ruth Williams January 2, 2011 . Rachel Hillier, right, and friend, Bek Bond rescue the dogs from Rachel's home, a kilometre from Rockhampton CBD. Photo: Janie BarrettQUEENSLAND was suffering a flood ''disaster of biblical proportions'' that could cost the state's economy more than $1 billion, its government said yesterday as the army set up a joint task force to co-ordinate relief efforts.Authorities said 200,000 people in 22 cities and towns had been affected by the worst floods in Queensland's history. The state's Emergency Services Minister, Neil Roberts, said it was a miracle that no one had died or suffered a serious injury as the floods peaked over the past week, following five flood-related deaths last month.More than 1000 people were in 17 evacuation centres across the state, a figure expected to reach 4000 in the next few days. Police and emergency services were last night using two helicopters to search for a man whose tin boat was swamped by choppy flood waters near the mouth of Boyne River in the small coastal town of Tannum Sands, south of Gladstone.In Rockhampton, central Queensland, residents last night were preparing for water levels to reach a height that crippled the regional centre in 1991. The Fitzroy River was expected to reach nine metres this afternoon, flooding up to 40 per cent of the city, which has a population of 75,000.Police last night announced that the Bruce and Capricorn highways at Yeppen, south of Rockhampton, had been closed by floodwaters. The city may be isolated for up to 10 days; the airport closed to commercial flights yesterday afternoon.The worst of the floods are not expected in Rockhampton until Tuesday, when the river is expected to peak at 9.4 metres. Scuffles broke out in one supermarket as people panicked for supplies, but police said there had been no reports of looting and additional officers had been sent to the city.Queensland Treasurer Andrew Fraser warned of serious economic consequences from the crisis, saying he would delay his mid-year economic review to factor in the cost of the floods. ''In many ways, it is a disaster of biblical proportions,'' he said from flood-hit Bundaberg." cont. 8 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  JanforGore:Luckily there is help available for those people affected."The Category B assistance, under natural disaster relief and recovery arrangements, follows the approval of Category A emergency relief and assistance for restoration of public assets in 41 local government areas."Natural disasters are never pleasant, even ones of "biblical" proportions! 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  JanforGore:Thanks Jan! Australia has been taking the brunt of all this Climate Change catastrophes. Just 1 & 2 years ago they were being burned to a crisp by raging fires and as I recall California got hit by fires following Australia.It looks like Australia && California are being singled out together. 8 days agoflag  reply+1JanforGore  Gravity_Man:Watch the coastlines...The oceans are "talking" to us. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  JanforGore:Several years ago perhaps 3 now the Atlantic Ocean spoke to me real loud. I was sitting at the computer when all a sudden I started swaying. At first I thought maybe it was me and passed it off. But the next morning I found out there was an earthquake out around St. Louis Missouri.What happened? It must've been an ocean floor quake sent the Atlantic water slamming against Virginia's eastern shore and caused a ground ripple that passed through here. So thanks much for the timely advice but it's old news here. I hope to never feel such a thing again. It must have moved the entire North American continent.It was much better than a cup of coffee! 8 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  JanforGore:Now large bodies of water have a kind of awareness and can talk to us?  Jan, talk to your doctor.  You clearly need some meds. 8 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  Gravity_Man:I don't think we should take what you say too seriously, after all, you're the guy who thinks he invented a magic energy device and the evil government has stopped you from saving the world with it and now the ocean talks to you...Nuff Said. 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  MrMxyzptlk:Actually she happens to be right. Scientists have discovered water everywhere in the universe has a sense of each other, as of several years ago. But don't let scientific knowledge interfere with personal attack time. 8 days agoflag  reply-2IceKatDorothea Mackellar (18851968) wrote a poem "My Country" published in 1908. The poem speaks of Australia. Even then the country was well known for its extreme weather conditions. The relevant part reads:I love a sunburnt country,A land of sweeping plains,Of ragged mountain ranges,Of droughts and flooding rains.I love her far horizons,I love her jewel-sea,Her beauty and her terror The wide brown land for me! 8 days agoflag  reply+1ozoneocean  IceKat:And yet it's getting even drier. Despite the flooding ;) 8 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  ozoneocean:No doubt parts of Australia are getting drier, but then who ever said things always stay the same? 8 days agoflag  reply+1JanforGorehttp://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2010/04/100416094050.htm Ocean Salinities Show An Intensified Water Cycle"The study finds a clear link between salinity changes at the surface driven by ocean warming and changes in the ocean subsurface which follow the trajectories along which surface water travels into the ocean interior.The ocean's average surface temperature has risen around 0.4C since 1950. As the near surface atmosphere warms it can evaporate more water from the surface ocean and move it to new regions to release it as rain and snow. Salinity patterns reflect the contrasts between ocean regions where the oceans lose water to the atmosphere and the others where it is re-deposited on the surface as salt-free rainwater."Observations of rainfall and evaporation over the oceans in the 20th century are very scarce. These new estimates of ocean salinity changes provide a rigorous benchmark to better validate global climate models and start to narrow the wide uncertainties associated with water cycle changes and oceanic processes both in the past and the future -- we can use ocean salinity changes as a rain-gauge," Mr Durack said.Based on historical records and data provided by the Argo Program's world-wide network of ocean profilers -- robotic submersible buoys which record and report ocean salinity levels and temperatures to depths of two kilometres -- the research was conducted by CSIRO's Wealth from Oceans Flagship and partially funded by the Australian Climate Change Science Program. Australia's Integrated Marine Observing System is a significant contributor to the global Argo Program."________This may also well be a contributing factor to the erratic and severe climate events taking place globally, along with Co2 oversaturation of our oceans. 9 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  JanforGore:This just gets better and better. Now Australia's natural flooding is caused by oceanic salinity?Apart from anything else, the Argo program only began in the early 2000s and wasn't up to spec until 2007. Hardly a long term reliable record to base any assumptions upon... unless you're desperate! 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  JanforGore:Increased salinity probably burned the whales eyes too. Or maybe they got too much plastic from the seafood diet.Perhaps swimming in closer to land and freshwater river outlets helps sharks balance the salinity. 8 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  Gravity_Man:Now that's just plain crazy... 8 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  MrMxyzptlk:Show your psychiatrist license please or otherwise your personal attacks are worthless. 8 days agoflag  reply-2IceKatThe press is alive with stories about the natural disaster in Australia caused by La Nina.Sydney Morning Herald:"The wetter, cooler conditions in NSW have been caused by a strong La Nina effect, whereby changing water temperatures in the Pacific Ocean increase cloud cover and rainfall over eastern Australia. The strength of the current La Nina has led to new rainfall records at a dozen weather stations, particularly west of the Great Dividing Range."http://www.smh.com.au/environment/weather/few-siestas-for-the-little-spanish-gir...HeraldScotland:"The worst flooding in about 50 years has been caused by a La Nina weather pattern, which cools waters in the eastern Pacific and has produced torrential rain over the past two weeks across northeast Australia."http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/world-news/australian-military-to-help-200-00...I think it's fair to say that there aren't many people trying to tie this in with any other natural event, but the extremists will keep trying to pin this one onto man, just as they did with the natural weather events that occurred in Russia and Pakistan last year. 9 days agoflag  reply+1ozoneocean  IceKat:I don't think you quite understand this whole weather thing. :)You see, climate change is a global phenomena, GLOBAL. As such, things like La Nina and El Nino are a part of it.It's like when a Libertarian nutjob rails at the government when a policeman gives him a speeding ticket. Unlike you, he at least understands that the one is an agent for the other. 8 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  ozoneocean:I think I understand meteorology/climate a lot better than you.I'm well aware that climate change is global, I'm also aware that it is natural and has been occurring for millions of years.But thanks for the ad-hominem attack. A sure sign you have nothing else to offer. 8 days agoflag  reply+1JanforGorehttp://www.climatechange2010.org/abstract/68.aspConsidering The Impact Of Climate Change On Flood Risk/Australia: Abstracts and Case Study."Potential climate change impacts upon sea levels and flood producing rainfall events can be expected to result in significant changes to the exposure of communities to flood risk.These changes in exposure are partially driven by changes in flood behaviour which can alter significantly dependent upon the susceptibility of a location to changes in both sea level and flood producing rainfall intensities and the vulnerability of the local community and its infrastructure to this risk.This paper outlines how changes to these impacts can affect flooding and includes the findings of some preliminary assessments of the impacts on potential climate change affects on exposure to flood risk in NSW. The paper uses case studies to examine the impacts of sea level rise on flood risk and broader work to assess impacts of potential changes in flood producing rainfall events on communities. The paper discusses options to adapting for climate change impacts upon flooding and discusses the need of practitioners for additional advice on the impact of climate change on factors influencing flood producing rainfall events to enable their effective consideration in decision making."...http://www.statesman.com/news/world/australia-battles-immense-flood-1156646.html...And just to add, the immensity of this particular flooding and the fact that this many people are now cut off from food, water, etc. is also worth paying attention to. It is not the fact that floods occur in summer in this area, that is already known, so don't fall for that false meme that this is common so you don't have to be concerned about the fact that it even happened. That is simply bordering on apathetic. Flooding may well be a common thing in this area, however, it is being stated this is unprecedented in scope  and I would say so as well when people need military helicopters to drop food to them. I didn't know that was a common occurence here. It is the scope and immensity of this that should garner our attention especially in line with other severe current events of this nature taking place around the globe as they are affecting agriculture, economy and real peoples' lives. 9 days agoflag  reply-3IceKat  JanforGore:An interesting article on climate change, which we all know is constantly occurring. The paper rightly discusses the impacts of natural climate variations and how man should be preparing for its effects. This is nothing new. Since people started living on floodplains they have had to expect and accept the consequences during natural events such as the latest Australian flood. 9 days agoflag  reply-3IceKatInteresting snippet from Natural Hazard Media Monitoring:"Heavy rain have caused flash flooding in south-east Queensland and crews in Victoria and New South Wales are dealing with rising flood waters.The unseasonal wet weather is the regions wettest spring on record and is the result of La Nina weather conditions that are dominating the tropical Pacific."La Nina to blame. 9 days agoflag  reply+1JanforGorehttp://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/erratic-weather-threatens-food-securi...Erratic Weather Threatens Food Security.Excerpt:"The drought in Russia and floods in Pakistan are part of a global trend of unpredictable weather patterns and rainfall that threaten food security, experts gathered in Stockholm said."We are getting to a point where we are getting more water, more rainy days, but it's more variable, so it leads to droughts and it leads to floods," Sunita Narain, the head of the Centre for Science and Environment in India, told AFP on the sidelines of the World Water Week conference."That is leading to huge amounts of stress on agriculture and livelihoods," she said, adding that "climate change is making rainfall even more variable."Advertisement: Story continues below Narain was one of around 2,500 experts from 130 countries gathered in Stockholm for the 20th edition of the World Water Week, which opened on Sunday and is set to run until Saturday.Her comments came as eight million people in Pakistan remain dependent on handouts for their survival after monsoons caused devastating floods throughout the country.Russia is also still struggling with the aftermath of its hottest summer on record, during which drought and fires destroyed a quarter of the country's crops and prompted the government to slap a highly controversial ban on grain exports to protect domestic supplies.This contributed to soaring global wheat and overall food prices and sparked worries of a crisis in global food supplies.But it is not only in such extreme cases that changing weather patterns and unpredictable rainfall is causing problems."Millions of farmers in communities dependent on rain-fed agriculture are at risk from decreasing and erratic availability of water," head of the Sri Lanka-based International Water Management Institute (IWMI) Colin Chartres said in a statement.IWMI published a report on Monday stressing that the unpredictable weather required large investments in a diverse array of water storage options to counter the uncertainty.Some 66 per cent of total crops in Asia are not irrigated, while in Africa a full 94 per cent is rain-fed, according to the institute, which estimates that around 500 million people in Africa and India would benefit from improved agricultural water management."_____________As we saw in Russia, Pakistan as well as Australia after a (edit) seven year drought, and in Africa, South America, ( the Amazon which has experienced drought recently as well) and in the Southwest in the US after a three year drought, erratic weather patterns are threatening food security for millions of people which in turn threatens biodiversity, the global economy, and national security. The pattern being established is one in which places on Earth that are the main growers of food are seeing either drought or flood. This does not bode well for the future of food security. That combined with TRIPs laws that give power to agribusiness companies with patents on nature (biopiracy) in collusion with governments to control seeds and market speculation is a recipe for disaster. Changes need to be made in agriculture that will sequester soil carbon and nutrients and give back the power of preserving our food security and sovereignty to those people who know the land rather than governments and agribusiness which is in turn run by big oil thus exacerbating this crisis. Fossil fuel agriculture combined with other fossil fuel use and deforestation is leading us towards a climate tipping point. Don't let those with an agenda push you over the cliff because you were too distracted by their rhetoric and smoke and mirrors shows to see the truth. Climate change is a force that we will now have to reckon with and adapt to. Listen to those living it, not those denying it for their own selfish reasons.On edit:http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2007/11/071108-australia-drought.htmlFarmer suicides in Australia during the drought:http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6065220.stm 9 days agoflag  reply-3IceKat  JanforGore:It's not even worth reading past the first line when we're hit with this:"As we saw in Russia, Pakistan as well as Australia after a ten year drought"The events in Russia and Pakistan this year were caused by a well known meteorological event. Only the most stupid of extremists blamed those events on man's activities. And as has been shown conclusively here, the latest Australian floods are entirely natural. 9 days agoflag  reply-3IceKatWhile acknowledging the fact that land use changes do have impacts for those living in those areas when a flood occurs, this information from BOM doesn't have a lot to say about Arctic ice effecting the frequency or intensity of the floods, which are a natural part of Australia's climate."FREQUENCY OF FLOODINGFloods are a natural phenomenon that occur frequently. The frequency of flooding in an area is commonly described by the average interval (in years) between occurrences of such flooding. For example, a flood that occurs around 5 times in 25 years is said to have an average recurrence interval of 5 years (5 year flood). Need to remember that it will not necessarily occur regularly every 5 years. There is a one in five chance that such a flood will occur during any one year.Although a much bigger flood such as a 100 year flood is expected to happen rarely, there is still a one in a hundred chance that a flood of that size will happen in any one year.HUMAN INTERVENTION & FLOODSWhile floods are natural phenomena, they get affected by human intervention.Changing land use from farmland to housing developments, for example, can cause the runoff to increase and lead to an increase in the magnitude and frequency of flooding, and the speed of onset.Building dams that store water can reduce the magnitude and frequency of floods peaks below the dam. With the ongoing changes to catchments and floodplains, it is important to keep track of changes in flood behaviour."http://www.bom.gov.au/australia/flood/EMA_Floods_warning_preparedness_safety.pdfAs the images in the original video show, the damage is done because of housing situated on floodplains. 9 days agoflag  reply-2IceKatRadio Netherlands Worldwide:"The authorities in Australia have officially declared the recent flooding in New South Wales a natural disaster."http://www.rnw.nl/africa/article/australia-declares-floods-natural-disasterNotice the word natural. 9 days agoflag  reply+1JanforGorehttp://current.com/news/92890521_arctic-sees-second-lowest-ice-extent-in-novembe... For reference. 9 days agoflag  reply-3IceKat  JanforGore:So if November's ice extent was the second lowest, when was the lowest? Temperatures did rise to around 255K (-20C) in November but are you telling me that ice melts at -20C? I don't think so, so there must be something else going on here.For a start US Navy PIPS data shows multi-year ice thicker than 2.5 metres has increased in two years - it isn't all about extent. Arctic sea ice blows around and piles up, it isn't like an ice cube sitting on a table.Temperatures have since fallen and are now around -32C so don't expect the ice to melt away anytime soon.And really, trying to blame a low ice extent in the Arctic in November to a flood in the southern hemisphere a month later is sheer and absolute desperation. 9 days agoflag  reply+1JanforGorehttp://current.com/news/92893782_from-snowstorms-to-heat-waves-how-global-warmin... For reference. 9 days agoflag  reply-3IceKatFrom an article about Australia's natural disasters:"Floods occur when water covers land which is normally dry. Floods in Australia range from localised flash flooding as a result of thunderstorms, to more widespread flooding following heavy rain over the catchment areas of river systems. Flooding is also a regular seasonal phenomenon in Northern Australia. Australian towns were built on floodplains despite warnings from local Aborigines. Nyngan (meaning flood in its local Aboriginal language) was severely flooded on 23 April 1990."Looking at the video you can clearly see large areas of habitation built on floodplains, and they wonder why there's so much damage when there is a severe storm."Recently, town councils and shires have started mapping the 100-year flood areas so that the extent of the flood plain can be mapped for town planning, building regulations and zoning for land use to avoid building on flood-prone areas. Regional flood mitigation programs have been initiated by the Australian Government to work with state and territory governments. "Looking at the flood of comments from one extremist you see the line, "Don't tell me you can't connect the dots on this." The implication being this is global warming/climate change at its worst, and no doubt you're meant to believe it's getting worse.In order to really join the dots you need to do a little research, it doesn't take long. From the Bureau of Meteorology, "The official 24 hour rainfall record of 907mm was set on 3 February 1893 at Crohamhurst, northwest of Brisbane, causing devastating floods in Brisbane. " So let's join the dots. If we're meant to believe the latest flood is due to climate change brought about by man's actions, what caused the 1893 flood? Or the flood in 1852 that killed 89 people in Gundagai? Probably not climate change due to CO2 so it must be something else.Getting back to information from the Bureau of Meteorology, they go on to explain the flooding so often seen in their country;"Flooding, unlike drought, is often quite localized, and therefore not as closely tied to broad-scale controls like the El Nio-Southern Oscillation phenomenon. However the La Nia years of 1916, 1917, 1950, 1954 through 1956, and 1973 through 1975, were accompanied by some of the worst and most widespread flooding this century. It can safely be said that, over much of Australia, flooding is more likely than usual during La Nia years, and less likely in El Nio years, though heavy rain and flooding often accompany the breakdown of El Nio in late summer or autumn."Imagine that, tying flooding in with natural cyclic events such as La Nia!Let's look at that line again, "flooding is more likely than usual during La Nia years" now look at the accompanying chart. Now don't tell me you can't connect the dots on this. 9 days agoflag  reply+1ozoneocean  IceKat:Extremes aren't as important, it's general trends that matter.These events HAVE been linked to the  La Nina and El Nino currents, but it's also widely agreed that events tied to those weather influencing currents have been getting steadily worse, especially the extent of the drought periods during El Nino.You are right to point at the problem with overemphasis on extremes distorting the picture, but disingenuous to try and use the knowledge you have to discredit the notion of climate change. 9 days agoflag  reply-3IceKat  ozoneocean:I'm not trying to discredit the notion of climate change. I am fully aware of climate change. The implication is always that whatever event occurs in the weather it is somehow man's fault. In the case of Australian floods, and other severe weather, this is not the case. Now you say extremes aren't as important as trends. Others would disagree with you, but that doesn't seem to matter so long as you can somehow pin this to man's actions.There is a long documented history of flooding in Australia, it is actually a common event and not one that is getting worse or more frequent.There is nothing disingenuous in my comment. It is a true, unbiased comment using widely available information. 9 days agoflag  reply+2JanforGore  ozoneocean:And I didn't even type the words climate change or global warming here and the usual assigned posters jumped on it. It speaks volumes as to their true motives for being here... Which is why I am ignoring every single one of them. It's a new year and I have no time for their pathetic unsourced graphs and assinine pictures, their desperate denials, their political bs, and their outright ignorance. These are indeed events that point to trends that we need to understand and look at throughout the world in total much more attentively in piecing them together in light of what is happening in the Arctic and with ocean currents as well as glaciers worldwide and the effect on the hydrologic cycle. It is then a waste of time to try to reason with the same batch of boring paid operatives and those who clearly have a political agenda. I've got more work to do presenting reality, I don't have time to engage in their fantasyland. 9 days agoflag  reply-3IceKat  JanforGore:"...I didn't even type the words climate change or global warming here..."No, but you did type the words, "Don't tell me you can't connect the dots on this." or did you mean something other than blaming global warming/climate change for the floods?Once again you assert that people who do not hold the same view as you are paid. Prove it! Then prove that you are not paid by green groups or political activists!"I've got more work to do presenting reality" You bet! You have a lot more work to do before any of your lame comments can be related to anything remotely real. So come on, prove that this latest flood in Australia was caused by man - prove it!!! 9 days agoflag  reply-3ayipiseco nut liberal saving the world...I want to make janforgore...my own personal jesus.. 9 days agoflag  reply+4coxian_armada  ayipis:Satan is looking for someone....is that you? 9 days agoflag  reply-4ayipisfor most eco-nuts..the world never changes......its always sunny where they live and its always cold where penguins live..that is what the MOVIES tell them... 9 days agoflag  reply-3ayipisa quick and easy way to understand global warming...watch the movie...right after al gore'$ 9 days agoflag  reply-2ayipisits global warming... 9 days agoflag  reply-2ayipisits global warming 9 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  ayipis:All of God's Prophets have been given a mastery over fluids. 8 days agoflag  reply-2ayipisits from global warming 9 days agoflag  reply+1artemis6The climate whether process is destabilizing . 9 days agoflag  reply-6MrMxyzptlkOh dear, weather is happening!  Run for the hills!  Be afraid!  Be very afraid! 9 days agoflag  reply+1ras_menelikWhere are all the empire is very well dressed gummbas now! 9 days agoflag  reply+5JanforGorehttp://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/indicators/rains-drown-indias-c...Excerpt:"From onions, sugar and coconuts, to tea, pulses, rice and spices, all kitchen ingredients will remain expensive in the New Year as unseasonal rains beyond the monsoon wipe out Indias major crops. Worse, rains are hampering the sowing of winter wheat, coarse grains and oilseeds, putting further pressure on food inflation that touched a two-and-a-half month high at 14.44% on Thursday. Across the country, farmers are helplessly watching their fields turn into muddy pools and crops to mulch. A good monsoon and prospects of a bountiful kharif harvest had led the government to confidently claim that food would turn cheaper after the harvest is in by October. India grows major commercial crops such as rice, pulses, soyabean, groundnuts, corn, rubber, coffee, tea, cotton and sugarcane, onions, spices and tomatoes in summer. For Meera Devi of village Dharampur in Solan district of Himachal Pradesh, 2010 has been a destructive year. In 2009, we didnt have rains and this year there was so much of it that fields were flooded, weeds were overgrown and I felt helpless. Even after working in rains, I was just able to get marginal returns from tomato, french beans, pumpkin, capsicum and peas, she says. In a normal year, vegetables fetch her Rs 1.5 lakh per acre. By end-October, the north had received 359% extra rain, central India 100%, Tamil Nadu 20% and the country as a whole 40%. Maharashtra has officially pegged rain-related damage at 1.2 million hectares. Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala, Gujarat, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh are totting up losses. Crop damage and the ensuing price spiral affects every Indian household and business one way or another. Export of spices and cotton are down." _________________Don't tell me you can't connect the dots on this. 9 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  JanforGore:..let me guess..."global warming...... 9 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  JanforGore:are you playing jesus again..jan 9 days agoflag  reply+7JanforGorehttp://www.nytimes.com/2010/08/23/world/asia/23flood.htmlTorrential rains and severe flooding in China. 9 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  JanforGore:..let me guess.."global warming".... 9 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  JanforGore:Thanks for all your diligent work finding all the above reports. Russia losing 1/4 of its crops and closing down exports is a real barn burner. 7 days agoflag  reply-2IceKat  JanforGore:"Kuang blamed the heavy rains this year on the lower sea temperatures of a La Nia phenomenon, and predicted they would continue at least until the end of August."http://articles.latimes.com/2010/jul/21/world/la-fg-china-floods-20100722La Nia again. Nice to see people are slowly realising they cannot blame man for every weather event. 7 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  IceKat:I tried, I really tried, to tell Jan why, it seems like just yesterday I said to Jan, Jan, lower sea temperatures causes more evaporation and more rain. But you know Jan. She just won't listen when you talk Science.......................... 7 days agoflag  reply+4JanforGorehttp://topics.nytimes.com/top/reference/timestopics/subjects/f/floods/2010_pakis... Record rain and floods in Pakistan. 9 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  JanforGore:..let me guess ..'global warming... 9 days agoflag  reply+4JanforGorehttp://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/40736789/ns/weather/Record rains in California.Excerpt:"A powerful storm system with drenching rain, heavy snow and high winds lashed California on Monday, but forecasters warned the worst was yet to come. Even stronger storms were bearing down on the state and threatened to dump another 5 to 10 inches of rain during the next two days.Virtually the entire state was affected by the bad weather.Some locations in Southern California had received more than 12 inches of rain, said meteorologist Jamie Meier of the National Weather Service. It was the most rainfall from one storm event since 2005, he said."That will make for a pretty good wallop, especially considering how dry things have been for the last two years," Meier said.Downtown Los Angeles got 5 1/4 inches of rain since Friday morning, more than a third of the average annual precipitation.The National Weather Service said a record .98 inches of rain fell at Los Angeles International Airport Monday, the most for the date since 1952." 9 days agoflag  reply-3ayipis  JanforGore:..let me guess..'global warming'........ 9 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  JanforGore:Your Los Angeles stats carry the more weight => "a record .98 inches of rain fell at Los Angeles International Airport Monday, the most for the date since 1952."That's 59 years ago. Not an insignificant number easily dismissed. 8 and 10 years later the East was blanketed with very deep snows as I recall. Not of itself proof of Global Warming but important to know if California wetness is a pre-existing indicator of East coast weather. 8 days agoflag  reply+4JanforGorehttp://www.circleofblue.org/waternews/2010/world/deadly-la-nina-goes-global%e2%8...Record rains in Latin America.Excerpt;"Hundreds have died in Colombian floods, as cooler sea temperatures affect regions around the Pacific; climate change seen as a possible cause.The weather phenomenon known as La Nia is having wide-ranging impacts around the Pacific basin, as Colombia copes with record rains and New Zealand swelters through a heat wave.The El Nio Southern Oscillation (ENSO) climate pattern is a coupled ocean-atmosphere phenomenon consisting of El Nio and La Nia cycles. This year is being classified as a moderate-to-strong La Nia, following 2009s especially intense El Nio year. La Nia is characterized by colder than usual water currents along the Pacific coast of the Western Hemisphere, which lead to a severe rainy season from May through November in Mexico, Central America, and the northern part of South America.According to the United Nations Environmental Programme, although ENSO is naturally occurring, a warming climate may contribute to an increase in the frequency and intensity of El Nio cycles. La Nia cycles double the likelihood of intense weather, such as hurricanes and tropical storms, for much of the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico.In November, rainfall in the Caribbean was five times the average of 2 inches and in the central highlands of Colombia, rainfall was more than double the average of 3.5 inches.Colombia Floods Damage Homes, Roads, and FoodsIn Colombia, this years rainy seasonthe worst in 42 yearshas been exceedingly severe, with close to 300 deaths and more than 2 million people affected over the last two months, according to the BBC.More than 20,000 homes have been damaged and nearly 2,000 completely destroyed, according to AccuWeather. Nearly a quarter of the nations paved roads have been damaged or destroyed and more than 41,000 cattle have been lost, reported the Associated Press."___________http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2p6caq3h2nE&feature=related 9 days agoflag  reply-3ayipis  JanforGore:..let me guess..'global warming'........ 9 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  JanforGore:BUT WE HAVE KATRINA! 8 days agoflag  reply+3JanforGorehttp://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2010/12/30/3103613.htm'Flood on flood' flows into Lake EyreBy Chrissy ArthurWater from the Cooper Creek system is flowing into Lake Eyre and there is more on the way from floods in the Thomson and Barcoo systemsFloodwaters from Queensland's west are expected to again make it to Lake Eyre in South Australia's far north. Professor Richard Kingsford from the University of New South Wales says water from the Cooper Creek system is flowing into the lake and there is more on the way from floods in the Thomson and Barcoo systems. He says it has been 20 years since there have been back-to-back flood events of this size."This is really amazing because this is, if you like, another flood on another flood," he said. "This is a very rare event - last time was in 1989."That went almost right through the system and that was followed by a 1990 flood that went over the top of it. "But I think at this stage, it looks as if this might even be greater than that one." 9 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  JanforGore:..let me guess..'global warming'........ 9 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  JanforGore:BUT WE HAVE KATRINA! WE LOST SCHOOL BUSES! 8 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Watch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  13 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  40 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  42 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  58 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog