Arizona Representative to Introduce Citizen Militia // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 83Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 04, 2011| 99 commentsArizona Representative to Introduce Citizen MilitiaAn error occurred while setting up video display.congoboy added thisNew Az. State Rep wants to form the Arizona Militia to guard the border. Something all of us should consider, a State militia and Civil Defense accountable to the Governor. No sense in not being ready. More on the Global Chessboard Series - Yes, another Border Patrol agent on the Arizona border was shot and killed by Mexican drug smugglers last month. There were eight attackers this time with four in custody Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry was part of a border tactical unit (BORTAC) tracking armed drug smugglers 15 miles northwest of Nogales, Ariz., when the team was attacked with automatic weapons. The area is well-known as a major drug-smuggling corridor, and the smugglers are known to be armed with AK-47s and tactical battle weapons. The captured smugglers had AK-47s and backpacks filled with ammunition, food and radios. There are rumors that three of the captured four are members of the Mexican military, but that is unconfirmed. Yet, it would not be the first time Mexican police and military have been apprehended smuggling drugs into the United States.http://patriotsforamerica.ning.com/forum/topics/arizona-militia groups:News, News and Politics, Culture, Opinion, Debate 1 moretags:Arizona,Illegal Immigration,Law Enforcement,Drug Trafficking,Mexico-US Border,militia,militias,State militias 4 more|99 comments// Arizona Representative to Introduce Citizen Militiahide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+2TyrI have an interesting question to pose, which has the greater influence on the obvious problems that exist along the border with Mexico, the apparently insatiable demand for drugs and the evidently limitless amount of money to purchase them, or the people who supply that demand?  We don't seem to have a problem with Mexicans smuggling in Mexican jumping beans because there just isn't any demand for them...now here is something to consider, if we truly want to end the violence, the killings that are the result of the drug trafficking perhaps, just perhaps we should take a closer look and what is attracting the drug dealers. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Tyr:exactly! american consumers. voted up 4 days agoflag  reply0curtisreed  Tyr:isn't it interesting that when liberals talk about American's being energy hogs, they condemn them for their irresponsibile behavior, driving SUVs etc, and want them banned.But when it comes to DRUGS, liberals think it's the LAWS taht should be changed so people can do all the drugs they want.  Meanwhile, those liberals participate as consumers in the drug trade and therefore contribute tothe profits of these murderous gangs.isn't there a word for that?starts with ..."hypocrisy"? 2 days agoflag  reply0ParatusI was wondering when this would happen.  I am surprised that the landowners along the border have not pooled their resources to provide some sort of mutually beneficial armed protection against this invasion from Mexico.  The central government is not living up to its mandate in this area and police are unable to deal with it.  It's up to the people.  I'm all for it. 5 days agoflag  reply0keithponderA childhood friend in Arizona over the holidays, told me that you can now carry a gun without a weapons permit any place in Arizona except for the airport and the banks.Arizona is about ready to get in one and become the "wild, wild west" again. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  keithponder:lets pray they use their power wisely 4 days agoflag  reply0postlapsariaThis is a terrible idea. The original militia was a united peoples fighting to save their land from an army.  This will be a bunch of angry racists killing innocent people because they believe it's "us against them."  not the same thing, and won't get the same result.and all of you who have commented that you are for this, YOU'RE IDIOTS.I'd be curious to hear your actual reasoning, with empirical information as to why you feel that way.  I've never heard anything that's rational, nothing that isn't just ignorance and racism.yes there are some criminals, yes it's not 100% safe, but what in America is?  there's assholes, criminals, drug dealers here too, some illegal criminals from europe or russia.  why do the brown ones who walk here deserved to be killed or taken from their kids once they get here? 5 days agoflag  reply0Paratus  postlapsaria:The people are uniting to save their land from an invasion.  Just because the invaders don't wear military does not make it any less of an invasion.  Race has nothing to do with it.  IT isn't a racial thing.  The federal government does nothing and is actively trying to prevent Arizona to do anything either.  It's up to the people.  I just don't understand your willingness to roll over and do nothing. 4 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  postlapsaria:again a leftylib makin shit up to make an illegitimate point.  arizona has a latino population of 30%.  if these folks were inherently racist theyd be killing their neighbors. sure every group has their share of racists including hispanics but this is more of a rule of law issue and a self preservation and protection issue. unless you live in arizona you really dont know shit about whats going on. pull yourself away from cnn for once. crime is spilling over from mexico and innocent americans are being killed. really the best answer is to crack down on americans who use illegal drugs because they are the real reason people are being murdered on both sides of the border. 4 days agoflag  reply0Robotic091what i don't understand is why would you create a civilain militia that WILL go toe-to-toe with some of the most battle harded gangsters in northern america. and on top of that 90% of the gangs guns are from america every type you can imagine. they have been fighting for decades, Why temped fate? just send in more trained border patrol or upgrade their trainning. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Robotic091:so youve got a point. but lets say a guy with a gun jumps over the fence in your back yard and your local cops are undermanned and too busy on the other side of town. i say shoot the fuck. 5 days agoflag  reply0Robotic091  congoboy:I agree in protecting your home (castle law), but why go looking for trouble? 4 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Robotic091:i believe the cartels are already. this is more of a response than a preemptive strike. 4 days agoflag  reply+1teto007yep all Immigrants come to the U.S. to sell drugs and that's why we should play red rover with them..... 5 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  teto007:Sounds like fun can we set out landmines to? 5 days agoflag  reply0teto007  bailey78:No.... but we can spend millions of dollars per square mile building high tech fences and then ask ourselves why people think we have monetary issues. 5 days agoflag  reply-1bailey78  teto007:I think we should put out bear traps and landmines that will slow them down. Maybe even a few tiger pits just to add some fun to it. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  teto007:not all of them silly. but enough of them that we need to be vigilant. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  teto007:good idea. it'll cut down on crime 5 days agoflag  reply0Robotic091kinda sad that drug cartels buy weapons from the US to arm themselves and in turn use it on americans. What a cycle drugs/armed dangerous people go north and the money/best weapons in the world go south. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Robotic091:the least they could do is provide u.s. consumers with affordable narcotics 5 days agoflag  reply-1bailey78about time they start trying to slow down the flow of illegals 5 days agoflag  reply+4Mark701  bailey78:Put pressure on American citizens and companies to stop hiring them and it will be stopped altogether. Stopping them at the borders is treating a symptom, not the disease (illegal hiring). 5 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  Mark701:Well this is true but you don't expect folks to work real jobs that require them to get hot an sweat do you?  Besides they want to get paid more than eight bucks an hour. Thats all the local lawn care folks pay. Most of the jobs the illegals have are the ones the require you to do manul labor. folks today don't want to work. hell most of them don't even want to leave the comfort of mom&dads house or to relocate to get a job. They want a job to come to them. Every time I say hey folks are hireing down here they say it cost to much to move or they have a family that can't move with them. I know for a fact that a local company is hireing welders they are haveing to train the locals because there are not enought welders to fill the job quota. i see lots of out of state plate in the local motel parking lots because of the jobs we have here. My father used to leave us for six months at a time to go out of state to work. But was a real man that did what He had to do to make a good living for his family. Not some little pussy that couldn't take care of His family and cried that the mexican took his job. The jobs are out there for those that want to work.  but those that don't want to work will never find a job. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  bailey78:especially the bad ones 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Mark701:mark, sometimes you express true wisdom. voted up! 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  bailey78:putting our own able bodied social system leeches into the manual labor positions would teach them an appreciation for hard earned money. 5 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  congoboy:Yes it will but our goverment will never make them earn wath they get. 4 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  congoboy:No such thing as a bad job 4 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  bailey78:apparently you havent dated much then 4 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  bailey78:an unfortunate predicament. 4 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  bailey78:especially the criminals and the bad ones 4 days agoflag  reply+2Nephwrackand i'll personally volunteer the name of said militia to homeland security. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Nephwrack:no need, theyre no secret. besides they'll be most likely be working together 5 days agoflag  reply-4Sparky2UEnough is enough from south of the border. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Sparky2U:i'd like that kind of arsenal. but is that cartel weaponry or militia weaponry? preferably the latter. 5 days agoflag  reply0hotjunoTo curtisreed, "...armed and trained by the states--was a revolutionary idea...way back in 1776" yea and so was the 4th estate, the press. Right, but no mention of this. 'Sophistry' is a word I can use here for what I am reading. Why wont the Arizona representative introduce a bill to regulate big banks--I mean, that's why the Mexicans are here-- because of the damages inflicted on Mexico for years. So the same people who want militias also want the banks to stay 'deregulated', true? This is funny, criminalize the outcome of what banks have been doing while turning a blind eye toward the banks themselves, priceless. If you don't want Mexicans here crossing our boarder(s) illegally then why not stop the banks, why not? You stop Mexicans...bank even stronger now. LOLMilitias will not protect our boarders they will protect the banks. Why do you want this?Ultimately this is why the planet is melting today...our criminalizing the 'outcome' of what banks do w/out touching the banks in the least. Turn blind eye, bank even stronger now. Oh, and Obama not having birthcertificate...LOL He is your great white hope, is he not? Your national day of prayer LOL You all are attempting to destroy the planet by 'devine decree', no? Corporation/N.A.T.O and the like are hard at work executing resource extraction using religion as a prerec. And I know your religious...about that...the only evidence you have of god the christ is the blood of those who don't accept your lie. This is you god--my blood, blood in street, right...bank even stronger now. LOL Havent you heard the words, "Barbarism and Religion" together? Although I would say instead Barbarism and Western Religion LOLPlunder Is Groundless 5 days agoflag  reply-1Sparky2U  hotjuno:The Map says it all. 5 days agoflag  reply+2Nephwrack  Sparky2U:illegal immigration sucks, but your comments seem pretty racist. 5 days agoflag  reply+2Mark701  Sparky2U:You know what bothers me about this map? The "Not Yours" area can also be accurately flagged as "Not Yours or Ours".  We took "our" country from Native Americans, with the exception of Texas that was taken from the Mexicans. Given that we seized Native American lands by virtue of immigration, it seems a hypocritical for you to post this really stupid map. 5 days agoflag  reply0Daena_Smith  Mark701:Show me one place/country in the history of the world that has never been invaded.  Even the Native American's came from somewhere else.  Spain invaded Mexico.. 5 days agoflag  reply0a619ko  Sparky2U:Ok, and Im sure they'll want the land the US ceded. California, Nevada, Utah, Arizona and New Mexico....naw scratch that...They are really only coming here for one reason- and thats NAFTA, so, if your goin to blame someone. Blame clinton and gore. 5 days agoflag  reply0Robotic091  Daena_Smith:you forgot france too 5 days agoflag  reply0Robotic091  a619ko:i agree 5 days agoflag  reply0postlapsaria  Daena_Smith:by your stupid ass reasoning of history's precedent then the WHOLE world belongs to Africans.idiot.the argument is that americans kind of have no right to claim such a hard ownership of the country.  we didn't fill the entire country till 150 years ago.  we've only been here for 400 years, that's a minute in recorded history's clock.  Indians, thousands of years.  same with the native mexicans, which are the brown people that are apparently ruining our country, they were here for thousands of years before the spaniards. so if they put up a fence and claimed manifest destiny then it'd be ok for them to shoot us and blame us (based on unfounded rumors and complete lies) for their problems?be opposed to illegal immigration all you want but don't be stupid just for the sake of vilifying immigrants, learn something before you talk. 5 days agoflag  reply0Daena_Smith  postlapsaria:What the heck are you talking about??  All I asked was a question about the history of the world and who conquered whom..  Might want to read what a person questions or comments BEFORE responding idiotically to what someone has said. 5 days agoflag  reply-1postlapsaria  Daena_Smith:I'll explain.  I agree with the previous to yours comment, about how we stole the land.  you seemed to be shooting down that comment, so i assumed i disagreed with you and I thought your comment about how everyone gets invaded and the thing about the spaniards was a useless and generic comment on your part.  so i commented, then I realize i went on a tangent and a rant that really didn't respond to your comment, so I apologize for everything after "idiot." 5 days agoflag  reply0postlapsaria  a619ko:it's not nafta.it's dollars.  it doesn't need need much analysis, and it certainly didn't start in the 90's they've been coming over for decades. 5 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  Sparky2U:it's hard not to laugh at some of your comments sparky, even if they are off the wall.Call it "SATIRE". 5 days agoflag  reply+1Mark701  Daena_Smith:For the most part, that's probably true. But there is a difference between being invaded and driven off your lands and killed in such vast numbers that reclaiming them is impossible. This is how the "superior" European empires treated those who were not as technologically advanced as they were. If native American Indians had a modern standing army when the pilgrims landed at Plymouth Rock, we'd probably still be living in England. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  hotjuno:big banks arent as big of a concern as crime and murder spilling over their borders. maybe after they get their border issues cleaned up they can look at lesser problems like the banks. but hey, we have barney frank all over that one already right? apples and oranges my friend. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Nephwrack:defined borders is a racist issue? 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Daena_Smith:invasion has been going on since the beginning of mankind. sometimes barbaric sometimes not. the french, the british, the spanish, heck even the muslims. the list goes on and on. do we forever pay reparations? 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  postlapsaria:hey we're all now a big melting pot. the past is past, heal and get over it! 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  postlapsaria:uhh we didnt steal it. europeans did. no one currently alive either conquered or was conquered. get over it. most reasonable folks try and get along but the pc crowd keeps driving a wedge between integration, compassion, and brotherhood. cant we all just get along? 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Mark701:in the case of the spaniards invading mexico,  i would say the conquered were more advanced in that sad state of affairs. 5 days agoflag  reply0Daena_Smith  congoboy:My point exactly and who knows how it will be 100 years from now.  The US economy may collapse and instead of invaded the "old fashion" way, we could be bought out and called "New China" or something.  Even the Native American's invaded each others tribe and assimilated them into their own.  It's just one nasty habit the human has...lol 5 days agoflag  reply0Daena_Smith  Mark701:Could be, but we will never know since it didn't happen that way.  Who knows what modern weaponry will be available to what country in the future?  Just because we are in modern times now, as were the conquerors of their day, doesn't mean history can't repeat itself in the future. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Daena_Smith:yup, unfortunately its in our inherent nature. that doesnt make it right but eventually one has to move on. 4 days agoflag  reply+2robin49As long as there is a demand people will find a way to get drugs, guns, and people across the border.  If you want to fix illegal immigration, you need to fix the problems in Mexico that drive people to come to America.  If you want drug trafficking to stop, you need to get rid of the demand for those drugs in the U.S.. Of course that will never happen, but a girl can dream. 5 days agoflag  reply+5onemalefla"the area is well-known as a major drug-smuggling corridor, and the smugglers are known to be armed with AK-47s and tactical battle weapons. .."and guess where the ak 47's came from?as well as the rest of the weapons...this problem can be solved.but it would cost America money so it will not be solved . get the fuck over your hypocritical selves. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  onemalefla:well even a bigger problem than greedy u.s arms sellers is american drug users and addicts. they are the ones truly fueling this war. so essentially its the druggies of this country that are committing the murder on both sides of the border. 5 days agoflag  reply0musicjohnnyI completely agree with what they're doing as long as they are accountable to the state government. Obviously if they start trying to operate outside of those confines then it turns in to vigilantism and that's not appropriate. But seriously, why would anyone have a problem with citizens coming together in a controlled and orderly and regulated way to deal with a massive and deadly problem in their state? It's apparent that we can't rely on the federal government to get the job done (otherwise drug and arms traffic wouldn't be increasing like it is now) so if their are citizens willing to step forward and defend their state, I'm all for it. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  musicjohnny:someone jumps over my fence to commit a crime i'm shooting first asking questions later. is that vigilantism? 5 days agoflag  reply0MizPizThats not to say I don't like the idea of a militia (I actually believe it should be how you become a citizen, whether you were born here or not), but I'm completely oppose what they plan to do with it. 5 days agoflag  reply+1musicjohnny  MizPiz:You're opposed to them stopping armed drug/human traffickers? Umm....why? 5 days agoflag  reply+3MizPiz  musicjohnny:You and I both know that within two months (at the very least) is going to turn into a "who can kill the most mexicans" contest. I'm going to give the benefit of the doubt that there is a semi-noble reason behind this, but this Arizona we're talking about. 5 days agoflag  reply0XasthurNortt  MizPiz:You know that a lot of anti-illegal groups have people of Mexican descent.The border patrol agents also have a large percentage of them as well. 5 days agoflag  reply+1MizPiz  XasthurNortt:I'm fully aware of both pieces of information. What seems to be lost is the fact that Arizona is, at least as far as I can tell, a powder keg of racial and jingoistic tension. Just because Mexicans are on both sides doesn't mean that race doesn't play a part in this. 5 days agoflag  reply+4musicjohnny  MizPiz:Maybe I'm just being optimistic, but I really think that there will be restraint and control shown by these people. If there's not, well that's what the governmental oversight they're talking about is for. But honestly, I think you're over dramatizing the issue a lot. If the people behind this were really of the "let's go kill us a bunch of mexicans" variety, do you really think they'd be so upfront about their desire to form a militia and have oversight from the government? Of course they wouldn't. They're going about this in a very rational manner. Not everyone who wants to curb illegal boarder crossing is a gun-toting, racist lunatic like so many people would like us to believe. 5 days agoflag  reply+1MizPiz  musicjohnny:I'm aware of that too, it's just that I know this will attract the "lets kill mexicans" crowd. Who knows, maybe the government can keep them under control, but tell me one time when someone is given legal power over someone, especially the power to kill, and the ones who recieve power haven't abused it. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  MizPiz:you are against protecting american citizens from imported crime? 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  MizPiz:wow, must be that mexican ganja talkin. and you dont think arizona who is suffering most from this problem shouldnt be the ones to decide whats best for their own state? apparently the citizenry feel compelled to elect officials willing to tackle these issues. everyone else should butt out. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  MizPiz:nor does it mean that it does 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  musicjohnny:hey johnny, one of the most reasonable and sensible comments on this post. voted up! 5 days agoflag  reply0remanns  musicjohnny:+^d 4 days agoflag  reply0MizPiz  congoboy:Only about as much as you want to kill of Latin American people. 4 days agoflag  reply0MizPiz  congoboy:I'm just giving my opinion on this. Also, just a request, can I get a response that's better than "shut up, stupidhead"? That is if do get one. 4 days agoflag  reply0musicjohnny  congoboy:Thanks! 4 days agoflag  reply0musicjohnny  remanns:Thank you! 4 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  MizPiz:like the typical lib youre misquoting not only what i said but also the facts 4 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  MizPiz:where on earth did you get that idea? as usual you sound like a typical leftylib who makes shit up when youre on the losing end of an argument. btw,  i'm only in favor of killing the bad ones. 4 days agoflag  reply0MizPiz  congoboy:Just a question,  how could I be losing an argument when all you've given as your argument are something thats seems to have came from a bumper sticker, a command  to "butt out", and a couple of attacks for being a liberal? You know what, don't bother answering, its just going to end up being embarrassing for the both of us. 3 days agoflag  reply+1congoboy  MizPiz:as a lib you should be used to it and again youre putting false words in my mouth. for someone who makes shit up to make a point youll be the only one worthy of embarrassment. 3 days agoflag  reply-1MizPizI'm going to call it, Arizona is what America is going to be in the future. I god honestly wish it wasn't, but it's true. 5 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  MizPiz:we can only pray it is 5 days agoflag  reply0curtisreed  MizPiz:I'd much rather know that America will be like Arizona than Califuckingfornia. 2 days agoflag  reply-1curtisreedLibtards will freak, but the notion of militias--comprised of ordinary citizens armed and trained by the states--was a revolutionary idea...way back in 1776.  The militias that fought in the Revolutionary war were actually BETTER armed than the military, because while the muskets used by the British AND American military (Marines) were not rifled, the muskets used by the civilian militia by and large were rifled, giving them superior accuracy.Hence, the notion on the left that the average citizen should not be equipped with "military grade" weaponry is stupid.  It was the concept that freed us in the first place, and it is a concept still active in places like Switzerland and Israel.It would be a good idea in states like Arizona to create a mandatory draft at age 18 of all male citizens--not RESIDENTS, CITIZENS (must show a real birth certificte, so Obama could not participate)--train them properly, arm them, and then call them up for periodic service. 5 days agoflag  reply0remanns  curtisreed:we agree on this. ( militias,...and "what it means" in the constitution. )actually, you and I agree on a lot of things,.....but differ STRONGLY on others.Obama citizenship is one of those " differ" points.But "militia",.....I think MOST of the public is out of touch with the root definition of that.TOWNS can have militias,....and "WELL REGULATED" referred to TOWN level regulation. 5 days agoflag  reply0remanns  curtisreed:examples -AUSTIN,....could have a militia,....not "owned" by the State or fedDetroit,......could have a militia,...not  "owned" by the State or fed...........and so could WACO,....constitutionally,.....or even a 'compound' in WacoThe "individual" right to bear arms, that the "anti-gun" folks want to struggle so doggedly over the definition/terminology of,.....is a FAR CRY FROM, the intent of the founding fathers and the cultural line THEY meant to draw !The damn "black -pathers" are ALLOWED to be armed,.....AND DRILL !This is a nation bassed on the principle of "cutting deals to get by",....not one "de clawed, de fanged" . 5 days agoflag  reply0remanns  curtisreed:+^d . . . .( because there is now way to "1/2"   +^ ) 5 days agoflag  reply0curtisreed  remanns:actually, I don't pretend to have an opinion on his citizenship, I think he should show all his records.  EVen Chris Matthews agrees.Obama would have to show his birth certificate to participate, which he won't do, so he would be disqualified.All that is REQUIRED to enter the FBI, CIA, even the Military.  How can it be that he doesn't have to show a REAL birth certificate to become President?What I suspect is that he WAS born here, but either there is something that could undermine his "natural born citizen" status (if he had claimed to be a foreign citizen as an adult, for example), or something very embarrassing that would interefere with re-election.Either way, we have a right to know.Wikileaks, get to work! 2 days agoflag  reply-1carslutGuarding the border is an obligation of the Federal Government. This could be one of the first steps in a disintegration of the Union/REVOLUTION. The Feds have become a "Sloth". It takes a sloth a couple of hours to realize that it's arm has been cut off. The Feds are out of contact with our reality. Maybe it's time..... 6 days agoflag  reply-2littlwarriorI am down, I think we should just legalize anyways, but these bastards are crossing our border illegally and hurting our people so praise the lord and pass the ammunition. 6 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  littlwarrior:and i'll fight proudly by your side. voted up! 5 days agoflag  reply+3Itsbatman_Durrhey the more private police forces there are to fight each other, the less attention they will pay to screwing with me.. rock on with your bad selves arizona 6 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Itsbatman_Durr:maybe if you keep spending your hard earned dollars on mexican drugs the problem will continue to increase thus justifying your position. a win win! 5 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  congoboy:i only buy american drugs!! cough syrup for the win!! 4 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Itsbatman_Durr:and i'm proud of you for it! 4 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-Dadefrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  12 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  39 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  41 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  57 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog