Short Story: ScotomataHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   Get Paid To WriteAll TopicsBooks, Literature, and WritingBooks and NovelsScience Fiction and Fantasy BooksShort Story: ScotomataShort Story: Scotomata64rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy DocmoSee all 5 photosScotoma 1Source: Mohan KumarScotoma: n., pl.- mata, (fr. Gk skotomat-, skotoma, from skotoun to darken) a blind spot or a blind area within the normal bounds of vision. **The house was situated in the far corner of the farm. Shrouded in creepers, shadowed by the trees. I stood looking at it as the mid-day sun beat the back of my neck. The house was well hidden from the main road, sheltered away from the hustle of the village. Nothing stirred in the still afternoon air.I opened the rickety gate and walked the length of the overgrown path.The smell of dank foliage was overwhelming. The front lawn was overrun with weeds of all shapes and sizes. They grew everywhere.The door was closed. I looked around for a bell push. There was none. I hesitated with my hand raised to knock. Should I turn back and go?The people in the village called him a mad recluse. The Doctors I talked to have told me that he was a quiet man. Quiet but insane. The official diagnosis was schizophrenia, although there was considerable disagreement among the experts. But they all agreed on one thing: that Samuel Clayton lived in a world of his own and found it difficult to come to terms with reality.But as Clayton told them once: Reality is in the eye of the beholderI knocked on the door. It sounded harshly loud in the stillness.Nothing happened.When I raised my hand to knock again a window opened above me.Go away!I looked up to see an angry face leaning out.Mr Clayton?Who wants to know?I stepped back for a better view, shading my eyes against the bright sky. My name is Martin Carr. I would like to have a word with you.If youre one of those social workers, you can bugger off.No, Mr. Clayton. I am not. I would like to talk to you about your paintings.He went silent for a whole minute. His face disappeared and I heard footsteps coming towards the door. It opened halfway and he peeked at me.My paintings? What do you know about my paintings?  ### Scotoma 2Source: Mohan KumarI first came across one of Samuel Claytons paintings in a dusty little gallery sandwiched between two second-hand booksellers. It was by pure chance. My primary purpose was merely to browse through the bookshops as I often did on my trips to London. There was pleasure in such browsing. I loved the musty smell of the old books amongst the dingy aisles, filled with volumes to be explored. It was like a treasure hunt for me. Stumbling upon out of print editions of some of my favourite authors was the prize.I am not a serious collector, as I could scarcely afford to buy expensive first editions. The fun was in working my way through all the clutter, feeling those books in my hands, reading the inscriptions on the flyleaf and wondering about the previous owner. I felt a warm bond to that stranger who had held that book sometime, curled up in a couch perhaps, lost in the magic of words.I was particularly fortunate that day. Despite the incessant rain I braved my way towards Charing Cross in the train, amusing myself by watching the fellow travellers. In the flickering light of the stations passing by, they all looked motionless and lifeless, as if they were on loan from Madame Tussauds wax museum. I reached Charing Cross road hoping the shops were open. Some closed down when it rained, because they used the sidewalks to display their books. Luckily few were open. After a pleasant hour of browsing, I managed to pick up a tattered edition of RL Stevensons Travels with a Donkey and a couple of old Theodore Sturgeon paperbacks, all for less than ten pounds. I was quite content and was getting ready to cross the street when the painting caught my eye. It was the colours that drew me to it. I moved closer to inspect the painting through the shop window. It was hiding between a reproduction print of a Picasso and a pleasantly bland Landscape by some lesser-known artist, the kind you so often encounter in hotel rooms.This one was different. It had oranges and purples, burnt sienna and terracotta. It was a landscape, but not any landscape you would encounter on earth. It was bizarrely alien, yet familiar. I stood there transfixed, mindless of the rain trickling down my eyebrows, my books wrapped safely inside my Mac. The background was a sky with two suns, burnt hillocks and sparse bushes. There was a figure painted in the foreground. It was not of any human. The body was too spindly but the angles were captivating and graceful. One long limb was stretched towards the horizon, head slightly tilted towards the observer. There was something in the posture that was alluring. The eyes were large and luminous, they stared out at you, inviting, beckoning.Funniest thing was there was nothing surreal about it. It was not like one of Dalis wild dreams. This looked more real than reality. I had a bizarre thought course through my head: I know this place.The painting was not in the conventional Landscape shape. It was painted in the shape of an ellipse, slightly skewed at one end. To the observer the left end was broader than the right, almost egg shaped. The surrounding area inside the frame was blacked out. There was a signature in one corner, white letters against the black background. It said Samuel Clayton, 1988. The inscription above it was Scotomata: 4.Intrigued, I stepped into the store. I am not an arty person. I have never bought any paintings before. Suddenly I found myself overwhelmed with the desire to buy that piece. I told myself I was being irrational, almost turning around to leave when I heard footsteps from the interior.The shop was cluttered. Canvases stacked on top of one another littered the corners. The walls displayed a motley array of paintings in different sizes and hues. Between the frames the wallpaper was peeling and I noticed how threadbare the carpet was. It somehow made me feel better. I would have been distinctly uncomfortable if it was some upmarket gallery with moody lighting and elegantly displayed creations. I loathed opulence; I felt intimidated by it.A man appeared through the door at the back. He looked like he had stepped out of one of the paintings. Pleasantly weathered, almost anachronistic. He wore a tweed jacket and a pair of woollen trousers. His thinning hair was plastered meticulously over his bald tome scarcely concealing the pink scalp. He looked at me over a pair of wire frame spectacles that looked older than him. Good afternoon, Sir. How may I help you?I smiled and hesitated. My mind was busy calculating how much money I had left in my wallet. I nervously wondered if he would accept credit cards. Most of all I hoped that the painting itself was within my purchasing power. I wanted it. Wanted it badly.II was looking at that painting by the window. One by a Samuel Clayton. I mumbled.He scratched his scalp with a gnarled finger, careful not to disrupt the strands of hair. Ah.. he said dubiously, A Clayton. Are you interested in purchasing it?If the price is right, Yes.He walked up to the window and picked the frame up. He held it close to his face and inspected the surface for a few seconds, turning it over in his hands. A fine cloud of dust arose as he blew on the painting. You can see its been here for a while. He chuckled,  too long, in fact.Is Mr Clayton famous? I ventured.Not in the traditional sense,  he handed over the painting to me. Closer it was more breathtaking. I could almost feel the warm wind blowing from those scorched hills. The figures eyes were larger and more luminous; I could see the oblong pupils dilated like dark pools of ink. You could get lost in them.What do you mean?He scratched his scalp again. This time a lone strand of hair came unstuck. Samuel Clayton is not a well known painter. In fact he is not a painter at all. He produced a series of works between 88 and 92. They were all bizarre pieces like the one youre holding. He wasnt going to sell them. He was going to burn them. One of his close friends rescued the paintings and kept them for a while. The friend died in a boating accident in the Channel. His widow sold them off. I bought the whole lot, about sixteen of them, if I remember.My eyes widened. I must have guessed. A series of paintings. I wanted to see them all. Even buy them all. Wake up, I told myself. Dont be stupid.Did you sell any?He took his glasses off and rubbed his eyes. He looked like some poor rodent caught frozen in a cars headlights. I think I sold six. Mostly to other dealers who wanted to display them in the hope of attracting some eccentric buyer. There is a buzz about Samuel Clayton amongst dealers. They have a story that he did a Van Gogh.Sorry?You know, like chopping his ear off.Clayton chopped his ear off?No. He did something similar. Rumour is that he blinded himself.You mean intentionally?He nodded grimly. Mind you, you get all kinds of tales in these circles. I dont know how true it is. I never managed to track him down.I was getting more and more intrigued. So how much is this going to set me back? I hastened back to business.He grinned. You really like that abomination?Well, tastes differ. I said defensively.Well since you like it so much, would you care to see the rest of them? I must have at least nine more inside somewhere.I looked at my watch. My train only left later. I had a couple of hours to kill. I originally intended to have dinner prior to travelling back. Suddenly I wasnt hungry anymore.Sure.No single word had transformed my life like that Sure.The old mans name was George Milner. The exchange of names took place like some kind of a ritual necessity. He then quietly led me into his even more cluttered interior storage area. What little daylight penetrated the front room completely failed to illuminate this inner sanctum. I blinked in the dark, unable to see much in the angular shadows. Thankfully he switched the light on.He rummaged through the stacked canvases and took his time finding the remaining Claytons.What followed was a remarkable experience. I went through them (all except the six the old man had already sold). They were parts of the same landscape. It was as if some giant vista had opened up for me. Like I was seeing someone elses travel album. The land was luminous.The twin suns came and went at different points of the sky. There was even a night scene. The sky lit with scattered stars and the landscape swathed in dark purples and blues. The figure was also present in the night scene. Glowing delicately with a luminescence you encounter in some deep-sea creature. There were some with another figure, a quadruped. Once again the features did not resemble any animal I knew of. It was all too overwhelming. All too familiar.I reached forward and touched the surfaces, feeling the pigments, feeling the intensity. I could feel my whole being getting drawn into the serene, exotic beauty. I wanted to be in there. Sit on the burnt rock and gaze at the sun. Walk barefoot on the red hued soil. I couldnt think of it as barren. It was something else. It was likelike a home I never had.I realised I was shaking. My heart thudded away in my chest. I couldnt understand the effect the paintings on me. I was rapturous. I was in love. I wanted them all.Mr Milner was considerate. He didnt take advantage of my obsessive hunger for the paintings.He sold them all to me for three hundred pounds. He said he wasnt making any profit on them.I bought them with my credit card, barely squeezing it under my credit limit. He said he would pack them up and mail them to me by courier service within 24 hours. He promised he would ask around for the remaining paintings. He guessed they would still be lying around in the other galleries.He also said that no other man would be foolish enough to blow money on such garbage.Well, he didnt really say it. I could read it in his eyes.I left to catch the train back home. Fortunately I didnt have a wife at home to explain my mad shopping spree. Living alone did have its advantages. ###Scotoma 3Source: Mohan KumarMy Clayton obsession led me to galleries and dealers. I bought them all, one by one. It was not difficult. Most of them just wanted to get rid of the paintings and were happy to take a paltry amount for them. As I drifted like a reluctant ghost amongst the art world I also collected whispers and rumours about Clayton. Clayton was not an artist. He took up dabbling in the craft much later, after years of plodding along as an accountant.Clayton had visions. Visions he claimed were of another place. Others told him they were probably hallucinations. They didnt know if he did any drugs. It was rumoured that Clayton slowly went mad, getting more and more obsessed with his delusions. His wife and family deserted him. He became a loner.I didnt know how true these rumours were. But I intended to find out.Soon I had all sixteen of the paintings lined up in my study. I felt continually overwhelmed by the atmosphere and the damned familiarity of the pieces. I wondered if I had seen them somewhere, perhaps in the cover of a magazine. But I was assured by the art world that Clayton had never been a commercial artist and that he had never been discovered.I dreamt frequently of the Clayton landscape and even in my dreams there was the strange sense of dja vu. I watched the shifting sands, the burnt hillocks. I watched the twin suns rise and set. I watched dark shapes prowl the land and linger in the purple shadows. The skin of my face yearned for a touch of that alien wind. My nose ached for a sniff of the land. I wanted more than just to see it. I wanted to be in it.**My obsession for the art extended itself to an obsession towards the artist. I persuaded George Milner to give me the phone number of the only Clayton contact he knew: the friends widow who sold Milner the paintings. It took some persuasion but he finally gave in. He must be as much intrigued with Clayton as I was, for he made me promise to let him in on any news. I telephoned her one Sunday morning, praying that she hadnt moved. She answered with a voice that was vague and uninterested.Hello?Hello, is that Mrs. Evans?Yes?My name is Martin Carr. I am a writer. I am interested in any information you may have on Samuel Clayton. I believe your husband knew him.I heard her sigh. I wondered if it was the mention of Clayton or her dead husband.I know very little about Samuel. She mumbled,  Derek was a great friend of Samuel but lost contact with the man over the years. He spoke about him a lot, about his paintings that he rescued, about his dreams and visions, and some crazy theory about another place.Another place?Have you seen any of his paintings?I told her I had seen them all.Then youll know that was the only subject he painted. He wasnt a proper painter you know, he worked as an accountant. There was something about his eye. He claimed he could see some other place through his right eye. We persuaded him to go see a Doctor. They confirmed some kind of inflammation and that there was a possibility he could go blind. I think Samuel was shocked more than anything. He started painting obsessively; all were of this place he claimed to see with his troubled eye. I reckon it was all the stress. The trauma. He was put away for a while, after he tried to blind himself.Put away?Yeah, he was admitted to a psychiatric unit. His family had left him by then. They said it was Schizophrenia.I felt disappointed. The paintings were nothing but visual ramblings of a madman.I asked her if she knew where Clayton lived now.She did.  ### Scotoma4Source: Mohan KumarThe interior of the house was ordinary, dull and monotonous. There were no fancy pictures, no ornaments. The place was cold. I was sitting opposite him in an armchair while he reclined on the couch. He had made me a cup of tea. He looked surprised that someone should come asking about the paintings. He hadnt forgotten they existed, though he wanted to.Have you ever loved something you couldnt have? Samuel Claytons voice was surprisingly soft and cultured. He didnt look like someone plagued with delusions. He looked well scrubbed and calm.He had one of those smiling faces that imbue a sense of peace. He looked like a beatific priest. He had a thick mane of hair, going silver at the sides, looking very distinguished. The only thing that marred his appearance was the glass eye in his right socket. It didnt quite move freely as his left eye did, and often looked elsewhere. It was eerie, as if it moving in its own volition.He repeated his question. Have you ever loved something you couldnt have, you couldnt possess?I have, I am sure everybody has.Was it hurtful? A bit, maybe. But we move on, dont we?He leaned forward and punctuated the air with his hand. What if you couldnt move on. What if you see the object of your desire every day but know for certain that youll never have it?It will upset me.He laughed. Upset is a mild word. It will drive you insane. It will ruin your life. It will taint every corpuscle in your blood with desire and kill you slowlyI watched his glass eye with morbid fascination; it had edged slightly upwards, looking at a spot over my head.It is worse if no one else can see the object of your affection, so they cant understand whats happening to you.Is that what happened to you?He was quiet for a while. I could feel his mind shimmering gently, running backwards, and trying to flashback to when it all started. He didnt seem insane in any manner. Just preoccupied.Have you heard of scotomata?I confessed I had looked the word up when I saw his paintings. Thats what they told me I had. It started insidiously, a small dark spot in the periphery of my vision. It always stayed in the corner of my vision, lurking, dark and ominous. It didnt go away. I went to my optician. By this time it had gone bigger. And it wasnt dark anymore. It was hazy and blurred, but certainly not just black. It looked like a badly tuned TV channel.My Optician was concerned. He told me tales of impending doom. He mentioned scotoma needed to be investigated thoroughly as they could mean a number of things. Most of them quite unpleasant. I was worried. I went to see an Ophthalmologist at a specialist eye hospital. They ran a few tests. They scanned me. Checked my visual field to map the scotoma. They did something called a VEP or a visual evoked potential to see if my optic nerve was working well. It was. They were baffled. They couldnt describe why I was having scotoma. They suspected a brain tumour. The scans didnt show one. Meanwhile my scotomata were getting bigger. Initially it was like someone punched a hole in reality. They werent dark anymore. There was shifting scene, as if I was watching some other place through a perforated curtain. The specialist thought it was just my brain playing tricks. He said my brain was just filling in the blanks in my visual field with its own manufactured information.The holes conglomerated together to form a one big one. One large scotoma. Only it wasnt a blind spot. It was another place. A place you see in the paintings. It was like I was an observer of an alien landscape. I could navigate through it as I walked. It was like I was walking in that land. All I had to do was close my normal left eye and I was there.I took long walks in the country, exploring this place. It was difficult. I used to get headaches as I tried to look at where I was going in one plane and then another. The other place was infinitely more beautiful, more alluring. I was falling in love. I saw people there. People not like us, but more exotic, more alluring. I saw animals. I saw a whole new world. I couldnt explain this to anybody. Maybe my brain was making this up. Maybe I was going mad. But what if this place existed? What if it was another dimension? Is it impossible for two worlds to exist in the same space in different dimensions? I had taken up reading quite a bit of physics. The Quantum theories. The Supersymmetry. They all speculated on different dimensions. It was difficult to prove. What if we are restricted by the fact we are confined to three dimensions?I know I cant explain what I saw. But it doesnt make it my imagination. It was as real as what I could see with my normal eye.The Doctors said my optic nerve must be diseased, although there was no evidence of this. I had a better idea. My optic nerve was tuning into another place. Something had happened to my nerve that it was receiving visual information from this other dimension. Surely my brain cant make up such detailed, geographically versatile, land that I could navigate. I was not someone with a great deal of imagination.I painted the place. It took time and effort and it was bloody difficult to see it through one eye and paint through another. I wasnt interested in anything else. I spoke to so called scholars in space and time. They thought I was mad. They asked me if it was so accessible how come no one else had seen it? I didnt have an explanation to offer. All I knew was this place was real. It was more real than reality.I remembered thinking the same. More real than reality.Clayton lit a cigarette and exhaled. My wife left me and took the children with her. I really didnt care. All I cared was the place I couldnt be in. I wanted more than see. I wanted to feel, to touch, to hear, and to smell. I was desperate. I wished I would just slip through whatever that was holding the place apart from our own. I knew it sounded like pure fantasy but there was nothing in the world I wanted more. I was like an ultimate voyeur. I could see them but they couldnt see me.Sometimes theyll come so close I could see the pores of their skin. Their large luminous eyes. I could see them move in a sinuous dance.But I knew I could never go there. It was my Eldorado. My Shangri-La. It was elusive. Unachievable. They told me I was schizophrenic. Even the experts couldnt agree on that one. Schizophrenics have auditory hallucinations not visual. I quit my job. I had some funds that I invested. Just enough to scrape through and live my life. I just wish someone somewhere could confirm what I saw. Just another person who had seen the place I have seen. That will do me. That will tell me that I am not mad.But I am beginning to believe the others. Maybe my brain made it all up. I dont know. I couldnt carry on seeing it. It was driving me more and more insane. So I blinded myself. I drove a knife through my eye. Damaged my optic nerve. I missed my brain barely. I almost died. They kept me in hospital for months.I regret it now. I want to see it just once more. Watch the hillocks and the sand. Watch the people move. Watch the sun set. Just once.Have you never been able to see it again?Not since I damaged my eye. Sometimes I dream of that place. But its getting hazier, less delineated. Like a fading painting.Can you not forget it? Move on with your life?It has consumed all my energy. I cant get it out of my mind. Its that feeling that it is so near yet so far. Do they not say its better to have loved and lost than not to have loved at all? The fools. They dont know what they are talking about. Its better not to have loved at all than to have loved and lost. Ive lost something Ill never get back. He looked at me, left eye misty and bloodshot, while the right stared unblinking. But its something youd never have had anyway I said.Tell me, does it make it any better? Is it my imagination or is there another place? Right where we sit. Another land, another dimension.I dont know. I muttered. I still couldnt explain why I got drawn in to all this. Some weird fetish that clings to my heart and makes me desire those purple landscapes? Some freak taste?I felt curiously disappointed with the Clayton story. Somehow let down. Maybe they were right. I shouldnt get tangled up in another mans psychosis. I left him and promised I d bring his paintings for him to have a look. He said he missed them and would love to look at them again. To reminisce.I bid my good-bye. I must have let him remain a rumour. I must not have pursued him. The gossip and rumours made him somehow more mysterious than he really was. I felt sorry for him. He was just a sad, mad man. May be I expected more. ### Scotoma 5Source: Mohan KumarIt was in spring next year that the answers came to me. Unannounced.I was helping my mother pack. She was finding it difficult negotiating the stairs in her two storeyresidence and had decided to move to a bungalow. I was up in the attic clearing out a lot of accumulated rubbish my mother had squirreled away.I found a box of my old toys, acid eaten chemistry set, hundreds of comics and old scrapbooks. It was getting dark and the dust was making me sneeze. I rummaged through the cardboard box and pulled out a sheaf of large drawing boards and felt a chill go through me.I spread them on the wooden floor.They were crude and childish but the colours were unmistakable. Purples, browns, oranges and reds. Hillocks etched with wax crayons, crude trees looking like stilts.There were two yellow blobs in the purple sky. Twin suns.I flicked through them one by one. More or less the same landscape. There was even a clumsy rendering of a figure in the foreground, lithe, exotic alien.I ran down stairs with clutching the whole sheaf in my hands. My mother was watching television. Mum, where did you get these? I felt a catch in my throat.She took them from me and looked at the sheets. She laughed. You did them. Dont you remember?I did them?Oh yes, you mustve been six or seven. You had an operation. All you did was draw these pictures over and over again. Your father thought you had gone crackers. But you soon got over itA cold hand of realisation touched my neck.What operation was that, mum?She picked up the remote control and changed the channel.I cant believe that you dont remember Martin. It was in your eye. You had some kind of growth in it. Thank God it was something benign.The Television flickered between channels and for a moment I thought I saw the purple sky. ###Copyright  Mohan Kumar 2010vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful (1)Docmo's short stories: Short Story : ArboretumDocmo's short stories: Short Story: Butterfly NymphCommentsNo comments yet.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites94DocmoFrom UK94 Followers50 HubsJoined 6 weeks agoRead more hubs by DocmoFollow DocmoSubscribe to Docmo's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Docmo a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsAbout Writing. In a historical novel or short story, set in Poland for example during WW2, is it...asked by NewHorizons 5 days ago5 answersAnswer this questionDo you refer to yourself as a writer?asked by Barraoc 6 days ago10 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsShort Story : Arboretumby Docmo10 Best Science Fiction Short Stories of All Time: From the...by Chris TeldenShort Story: The Family Treeby DocmoShort Story: The Stone Mermaidby DocmoShort Story : Too close to the Trees ( a 'Bibliophile'...by DocmoShort Story: Butterfly Nymphby Docmo Science Fiction and Fantasy Books ForumTopicRepliesWhat is your Favourite Horus Heresy Novel?posted by Bundu1I've decided to publish my novel on HubPages...posted by Edweirdo36vampire diaries or twilight series????posted by ashlyn9719Post a new topic1 more topic Tagspainting short story dimensions clayton alternate reality scotomata Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.706 sec)  working