Collier ParkOB RagGrassroots and Progressive views on local, national and world newsHomeAboutComment PolicyHistoryContactLettersOld RagsVol. 1, No. 17, July 1971Vol. 2, No. 5, January 1972Vol. 2, No. 8, March 1972Vol. 7, No. 2, Oct. 2002Vol. 7, No. 3, May 2003ArchivesLinksColumnsAnna's Video PickAsk an OB ConvertEd DeckerRiyadh CallingThe Chronicles of EdumacationThe Widder CurryOcean BeachHitchikers' Guide to OBOB Flashes!OB HeroesOB Time MachinePopularSan DiegoOB ClassifiedsCollier Park(continued from The First Circle) The Collier Park BattleOne of the first major issues the Rag jumped into wholeheartedly was to join up with a new OB environmental group, OB Ecology Action, and lead a fight to save Collier Park, an urban patch of land in northeastern OB.  Ecology Action, fresh from its victory against the jetty the previous summer, was led by Tom Bailey, the Ferris  a young professional couple who lived on Worden, and David Diehl, a young lawyer who had helped push the legal front against the jetty.  Within the Rag staff, Blakey had convinced Gormlie that gearing up a campaign to save the park would be an excellent organizing tactic. Blakey had been a veteran of the Peoples Park battle up in Berkeley  a campaign that had galvanised the entire campus community. Not coincidentally, Gormlie had been at the take-over of Chicano Park on April 20, 1970, when the Barrio Logan community physically occupied a vacant piece of Cal-Trans land, turning it into a park.Here in OB, the land that was to become Collier Park was only a block away from the Rags Etiwanda house. When Blakey and Gormlie took walks on the unfenced property at night, they could see that a boarded-up two story building  the old Door of Hope, an unmarried young womens home,  stood in its last decrepit and sad days. The old home was protected by a line of pine and eucalyptus trees, and stood at the top of a slight hill that dominated the area. Of course, Gormlie enthusiastically agreed the land should be saved. It was time to move on the park issue. Plans were made to team up with the environmental group and use the Rag in a campaign to Save Collier Park.Collier Park  or at least the western portion  was the battleground. It was part of a large section of land that had been dedicated to the children of San Diego by a turn-of-the-century developer, D.C. Collier. According to the OB Rag (Mid-January 1972, Vol. 2, No. 4):The land, which had been donated to the city of San Diego by David Charles Collier with the express purpose that it be turned into a park for the children of San Diego, was dedicated for park use in 1909 when the City Council passed ordinance 3664. The park, however, was not developed and in 1956 proposition L went on the ballot and voters passed the proposition for what they thought was the transfer of some property from Collier Park to the San Diego Unified School District. The deceptive wording on the ballot had, if effect, un-dedicated the park land. At the time the city promised concentrate on building another park at Robb Field. With the electoral authorization, the City of San Diego carved up the land, tearing a boulevard through the middle, handing off a good-sized section for the creation of Collier Junior High (later Correia Middle School), another chunk for the YMCA, and the western portion would be sold off by for the development of apartments. In the meantime, the land was vacant and unkempt.  The Rag, in issue after issue, using photos of apartments juxtaposed with views of parkland, pushed the fight to save the parkland.Opposition to the Sale of Collier Park GrowsOpposition to the sale of the land had been growing. In May 1970 the OB Town Council passed a resolution to pressure the city council to re-dedicate the land as park. The Rag began to spread the word in its pages with the December 1970 issue. In mid-January of the new year, OB Ecology Action jumped into the fray, as a campaign developed for parks for both the east and west portions of the area. The Peninsula YMCA and the Point Loma Garden Club climbed on the park wagon. At the January 21, 1971, meeting of the Town Councils Board of Directors, then director Ray Perine, declared if any apartments were built in Collier West, the town will rise up and force their removal. (OB Rag, Late January 1972, Vol 2, No 5.) Yet, there wasnt consensus throughout the community.However, not all OB residents were working for the combined land to be park sites. In early February (1971), it became clear that Peninsulans, Inc., the Point Loma/ OB business-realty advisory group to the city council, headed by Helen Fane, was attempting to sabotage the movement for a Collier West park by intimatating (sic) and threateneng (sic) OB Ecology Action nad (sic) the Point Loma Garden Club into withdrawing their support from the western side. Fane, as president, dictatorially squashed discussion of Collier West in Pen.,Inc. meetings.On February 18, the OBTC passed a resolution calling for a moratorium on any sales by the city on portions of Collier West. Tensions were rising. In early March, the city property department recommended to the city manager that the City sell or lease the western side. In response, the Ocean Beach Recreation Board voted on March 10, to recommend that both sides of the Collier land be designated as park.Three days later, on March 13th, an all-night vigil was held in Collier West by residents, trying  to bring more public attention to the pending sale or lease.  Under intense community pressure, the City of San Diegos Park and Recreation Board on March 17th voted to retain both sections as natural park land. Finally, the issue went before the City Council. The Council ordered the City Manager to make a recommendation, who in turn, ordered the Recreation Department to do a study. The issue was to return to the Council in early April.Campaign Becomes a RiotThe campaign to save the parkland was brought to a head, when on March 28th, San Diego police attacked a demonstration in support of the park. A large demonstration in support of the park  but also against the Vietnam War was planned  for weeks.  Rag staffers and Ecology Action teamed up with a group of anti-war students and faculty from San Diego State to play this duel demo:  it was to be an anti-war rally, then a march up to the park, where free food was to be distributed, music provided by a local band, and everyone was supposed to then lend a hand and clear the park area of debris.A forecast of subsequent events, the day started off when Rag staffers attempted to hang a banner announcing the rally  to be held at the beach  along a southern fence of the city utility yard  adjacent to the park open space. Two motorcycle police officers showed up and grabbed the banner.Hours later, on the grassy area next to north beach, hundreds of people gathered for the event. After speakers, guerrilla theatre, and some songs, the crowd very peacefully got up and began a march up the sidewalks of Voltaire Street to the park.  It was about a mile from the beach to the intersection of Soto and Greene Streets. As the hundreds of people filtered into the park, the free food line and a rock band were setting up.(click on the image to see a larger version)Without warning, a platoon of San Diego Police officers arrived in force, forming a skirmish line at the top of the hill. Organizers were told that it was an illegal assembly because the streets were being blocked by the demonstrators.  The streets were then cleared. The lead officer. Lt. Crow, then picked up on his bullhorn and announced that it was in an illegal assembly, and ordered the crowd to disperse within 30 seconds. The crowd stood there, stunned. Hundreds were silent. Suddenly, three quart-sized beer bottles came flying out from the rear of the crowd, smashing on the asphalt in front of the police.Lt. Crow gave the order to charge. The skirmish line of brown and black uniformed officers began to trot toward the demonstrators. It was chaos. Hundreds scattered in all directions but one.  The police were charging with billy clubs swinging.  It was the famous Collier Park Riot  an event all but now forgotten, when hundreds of young people stood their ground metaphorically, and resisted the over-reaction by the authorities.Most of the crowd fell back down the hill in the direction of the beach, all the while, pelting the officers with rocks. It was a full-fledge police-community riot and skirmishes between cops and residents and young people became a crazy dance that sashayed all the way down to the beach. At least one cop car was burned, fifty people arrested and one officer seriously injured; scores of young people were injured  including one man found unconscious on the grass in front of the Fire Station on Voltaire.In the aftermath of the riot, the OB Rag published a colorful broadside, the Riot Special, listing incidents that had occurred during the fighting.(click on the image to see a larger version)The riot was on a weekend. That Wednesday, a picket line circulated in front of the OB police store front on Newport, protesting the police attack. On the following Sunday  April 4th, a week after the riot, several hundred people returned to the vacant land with shovels, picks, wheelbarrows, flowers and plants and finally cleared the park of debris and started a park.Over the months, as trials of those arrested wound through the courts, as rumors that the City was going to sell the west portion persisted, the dust from this dust-up eventually settled down, but not before more suspicious maneuvering by the City. The Rag reported later, ten months after the riot (Vol. 2, No.5):After the demonstration/riot the city dispelled any talk of sales or leases and OB was flooded with rumors that our government had finally come to the conclusion that Collier West should be a park. Part of its fence was taken down and children began to plan (sic) on the land.In August, four months after it was due, the city manager made his report. The only advice given was for the eastern side to be designated a park site. Collier West was noticeably absence (sic) in any recommendation. The council so designated Collier East. Collier West remained in limbo, in a hold. No plans for a western park were made. In fact sometime around November of 71 the sale of Collier West almost became a reality. The details of this are known to only a select few.The next issue of the OB Rag (Vol.1, No. 13  printed late April 1971) published a commentary, entitled: why riot?._____________________________________Eventually, the City relented, and built a park. A huge grassy lawn was put in.  Donated playground equipment  since eroded and removed  was installed. And to this day the park exists, in northeast OB, a block north of Voltaire and bordered by Soto and Greene Streets  next to the Community Garden, and adjacent to the Native Plant Garden.(continue to New Blood)Share|Did you find this article interesting? Try these:The Hitchikers Guide to Ocean Beach, Attraction #3 The Incredible Shrinking Park{ 14 comments read them below or add one }Amber Forest McHaleNovember 14, 2007 at 10:16 amYou covered the Collier Park riot! Excellent! Thats the night we set a cop car on fire (well, my step dad was involved, I was home nursing my wounds from falling down as we ran from the cops) . . . I remember that when the cops got on the scene and the brick throwing started,  folks were opening the front doors to their houses so that the folks who were being chased had a refuge. My mom and I were sitting in a strangers living room looking out the windows as complete chaos ensued. And all because we wanted to plant some trees and flowers. Amazing.Love this blog, Amber**who was there the first day we opened Peoples Food Store, and now works there when we open daily as Peoples Food Co-op!ReplyJAMES H. SMITHFebruary 5, 2008 at 12:56 pmThe  alley cats was the name of the band that played that day.I was in that band an I remember there being a little more time  between the large force of offecers arriving and the start of the riot. A captian  in the  force aproched me and said You can play your music if if you stop blocking  the street. At that point I annonced over the p.a. his request which got a mixed recation from the crowd.He actualally came back a second time to to try it again to no avel.As he walked back is when the two beer bottles hit, which didnt start the riot. Seconds after the beer bottles hit A half of a brick came crashing down hitting an elderly police man right above the eye missing the sheld he was wearing an spliting his head open.Upon seeing this the whole force moved and drove to the ocean.I look back on it with mixed feelings but it was a glorious time .ReplyFrank GormlieFebruary 5, 2008 at 1:28 pmJames  wow! Great to hear from ya! I remember the Alley Cats! I also was there, and was involved in clearing the streets, which we did; but for some reason that wasnt enough. James  I can remember with perfect memory-vision that day  even tho- I may not remember what I had for dinner last night  but I can clearly see the 3 bear bottles  they were quart size, and fairly full  thats what was impressive  I can see them smashing on the asphalt street just up the hill abit from where the band was playing. You were playing off a small porch on that corner house at Greene & Soto. Before the police charge I had gone into that house to use the phone as they had a local radio stadium on the line, and I explained the situation. When I went outside, the situation had deteriorated. But I do know that we cleared the street.Also there were injuries to both sides that day. One guy was knocked out cold and was found laying on the grass in front of the Fire Station. Yes, one police officer lost an eye  and that injury was disclosed to each jury of those who went to trial for what happened that day. In other words that one injury was used in each trial to inflame the jury  whether that person had anything to do with it or not. There were 50 people arrested that day. Lots of people were convicted and plead to charges to settle their case.Great to hear from you. And what ever happened to the Alley Cats?ReplyJAMES H. SMITHFebruary 5, 2008 at 9:22 pmFrank, Thank you , its nice to  know people still remember and care about events from those times.We did have an effect on the history of O. B. as well as other areas of the country.At times it seemed  the Pigs versus the Heads characterization would be all anyone remembered about our legecy which would be very sad considering our goals and aspirations were much  more sophisticated than that. I wouldnt trade one second of my time spent in O. B. for anything! As for the Alley Cats, well if you remember during that period we also played for the Save the Jetty concert on the north side of the jetty in the sand. A producer from L.A. happended to see us that day and  brought us up to L.A. in hopes of getting a record deal.I was evading the draft at the time  and the two FBI agents assigned to my case were starting to be a bother so it seemed  a good  move.We never got a record deal but I had alot of fun an wound up working at Capitol Records where I met my wife of 15 years now.I live in the valley an have two wonderful kids ,six and twelve.I hope they can have  opprotunities like we did to stand up for thier  beliefs and question authority when it is obvious the authority is wrong. Thanks! JimmyReplycopcarNovember 19, 2008 at 6:19 amI was completely sucked in from beginning to end reading this. I am amazed and then reading the comments too? Wow.Replysteve ottingerJanuary 11, 2010 at 5:02 amMarch 3, 1971 I had just turned 6yrs old. I dont rememer a thing about my birthday as much as I remember what happened on the 28th. My family lived at 2387 Seaside St, about two block from the park. It was the big house on the corner across the street from Nimits Towers apt. Although young at the time, my memory is quite well! I remember it was a big day for a lot of us in the neighborhood and beyond. I was at the park with my older brother and sister who were teenagers at the time. When the shit broke out I really didnt understand what was happening, I was just a little kid playing and having fun. I remember standing there by the corner of the park and watching as the shit got bad. I watched as people tore down the old ladys brick wall across the street at the top of the hill, and used the bricks to throw at the riot cops that were marching up the hill in full riot gear and triangle formation,if I remember right! The cops were chanting something as they marched up the hill. Anyway, what happened next Ill never forget as long as I live! Thats when a 6yr old little boy from OB stopped calling cops Policemen and knew them only as Pigs!. When those bastards finally reached the top of the hill billyclubs in hand,they started beating every one in site, man,woman,and teenagers. Wow! with a big crowd around me! I stared looking for my big brother, and saw him running like hell with two pigs on his ass, and my sister was no where in site. By this time Im being pushed by the crowd towards the pigs,or the other way around Im not sure. About that time a cop ran up and hit this poor girl in the fuckin face with his billyclub. She couldnt have been no more than 19-20 yrs old and wasnt doing a thing  but standing scared and in disbelief just like me. The cop didnt stop there, he continued to beat her with that club while she laid there screaming, and I remember her looking up at me one time, as if she were begging for help. But what could I do?  I was only 6yrs old! Anyway, the cop then grabbed her by her hair and started dragging her away. I saw her face again at that moment and it was completely covered in blood. I was so scared shitless. I started to run and found my self  right in the middle of all the shit . I was squeezing between people trying to find my way out,when a man reached down and grabbed me by the scruff of my neck and yanked me up from the ground! It was two sailors,or swabbies,as we called them. They asked me where lived, and I told them, and those two guys carried me out of all that shit and got me safely home,where my mom was standing on the sidewalk scaredd and watching for all her children. I think my brother and sister hid out with Mrs Motts who lived a half a block from the park at the time. My mom was so grateful for those two sailors as was I.  I will always believe that those two men saved my life from being trampled to death that day. And I sure would like to thank them for what they did.  The real screwed up thing is when those two sailors left our house they were picked up by the cops and arrested for  guess what?! putting that cops eye out with a rock. Those two went to trial, and my mom testified for them,one of them got off, and one of them was convicted for a crime he did not commit!. The real person that threw the rock that put the cops eye out was a teenage kid from the neigborhood,one my brother knew well   although Ill leave him nameless, I will say the dude never was any good and years later died of overdose.  It was pretty intense for a 6yr old, believe that! and at 44 yrs old I can still see that poor girls face! and as bad as it may sound, I hope that cop is rotting in hell today! And to the chick he beat,Im sorry I wasnt older at the time, I really am!! Wow! A  place to tell my story, unreal!!.Thanks.ReplyFrank GormlieJanuary 11, 2010 at 9:00 amSteve  a truly amazing story! Thanks so much for adding your memory to the other memories of that memorable day!  I remember Mrs Mott and her son.  And believe it or not  I too remember that girl that you so vividly recall. It was an intense day  and a day that OB should not forget.Replysteve ottingerJanuary 11, 2010 at 5:15 amAnd Im sorry for the misspelling, but its still intense,just remembering!ReplyjeanieFebruary 4, 2010 at 9:58 pmSteve and FrankWould Mrs Mott be Georges mom? I knew a Mrs Mott from OB in the early 70s and wondered if this is her.ReplyFrank GormlieFebruary 4, 2010 at 10:09 pmjeanie  yup, must be her. Her son George, always on his bike, and she were constant observers of the local neighborhood in northeast OB in the early seventies.ReplyjeanieFebruary 4, 2010 at 10:21 pmI remember Georges friends being Scott Whitney, two brothers named  Stoney and  Jimmy Roth.  They were probably 16 yrs old during the time of the Collier Park riot.  I knew all these people real well and think of them at times.  Loved living in OB!ReplySteve ottingerFebruary 20, 2010 at 1:54 pmJeanie,    yes, George was the only one of her kids that the first name didnt start with M LOL.Replysteve ottingerJuly 29, 2010 at 9:29 pmsomething I also want to add!! after a lot of thanking!! all my life I have never tolerated violence against woman in any shape or form. And I would allways nutup with extream violence my self against anyone who pulled that shit in my presence!!  not just for the fact that I was raised old school, but I do beleave what I witnessed that day, stuck something in my head for the rest of my life!! Now Im wondering if thats all it did!?ReplyMary CairnsDecember 8, 2010 at 10:43 amSomeone should inform Principal Ladd (pladd1@sandi.net), Correia Middle School, that the Correia Junior High School was not built in 1958  Collier was!  This almost insults those of us who have lived (and attended Collier) in the area (or our families) since the 1930s and 1940s, to not recognize the gift of the land and the original name and history of the school.  How sad, and they say they want to teach our children history and politics  NOT!ReplyCancel reply Leave a CommentName *E-mail *WebsiteWant to be notified of follow-up comments by email? Click the box!{ 1 trackback }OB Rag  March 28th : Anniversary of the Infamous Collier Park Riot in Ocean Beach, 1971Follow Us! Search the OB Rag Help Bring Back Terriers!Click the image to go to Clicker and vote for Terriers as Best TV Show Drama, maybe enough votes will convince FX to renew the show! You can also vote for Terriers in the Best Canceled Show  and Most Underrated  categories.WEEKLY OB RAG POLLWhat is the first step the Federal government should take to balance the budget and deal with the deficit?Raise taxes on the most wealthy Americans.Cut defense spending.Cut the Medicare government health insurance program for the elderly.Cut the Social Security retirement program.None of the above, or I don't know.View ResultsThe latest chatterannagrace on Leeches, Todays Date and the Photo of Charles Main  the Liberry Lady Answers Your QuestionsThanks Ernie.  Smiles on both sides of the desk were always a bonus.  The majority of people I ...Ernie McCray on Leeches, Todays Date and the Photo of Charles Main  the Liberry Lady Answers Your QuestionsGreat article. I've always been amazed at the information librarians or Ms. Information have at their disposal as I've asked ...annagrace on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanWhat is even more pathetic Frank is that the U-T was pulling their reports from AP.  I don't know ...RB on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanI am already doing something.  I reject both the far right and the far left and extremest language and ...dave rice on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanI got into this same argument earlier today - sent you the pics that were used against me.  Two ...Andy Cohen on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanAnd that's just the point:  Without the right wing rhetoric, it's likely that this guy would have found another ...Andy Cohen on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanMSNBC was reporting the same thing, citing wire services, until they had an official from the hospital on the air ...dave rice on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanI'm kind of on board with Sarah's vague support of Goat's marginal support of Ian - my knee-jerk was to ...Recent Popular PostsExtreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a Congresswoman 37BREAKING NEWS: Arizona Congresswoman Who Supported Health Care Reform Shot 11Newly Formed PAC for Poor People Lobbies San Diego Politicians 16The Long Branch Torrey Pine Lives! 13Save a healthy Torrey Pine  Come to tonights Planning Board meeting. 12A Librarian With a Sunny Smile I Once Knew and Loved 12The fuss about Waiting for Superman 25A firecracker is not a fireworks show. 29Reflections on the OB Mystique 9Mayor Sanders says San Diego should subsidize stadium by selling sun 21Welcome to the OB Rag  Ocean Beach & Beyond This Blog has been initiated to ply the Ocean Beach community and the San Diego scene with news and commentary from a distinctively progressive and grassroots perspective, and to provide a forum for those views. Others with similar views are invited to contribute and participate. More about us...Support the OB Rag Blog! Purchase old copies - 20% off  Help the OB Rag blog stay online by donating to buy 30-35 year old issues of the original OB Rag, Ocean Beach's infamous and iconic counterculture, underground newspaper; limited numbers are available for purchase!SPECIAL!! Save $5 on an OB Rag T-Shirt and help our website pay for itself The "OB Rag" design logo is in four colors, and on quality shirts printed up by James Gang Graphics. $15 for shirt (originally $20) plus $3 for shipping. Either send check or money order to OB Rag, PO Box 7012, San Diego, CA 92167 - or order through PayPal. Make sure to select your size before clicking "BUY NOW"  - Sorry, we are out of EXTRA-LargeSizesSmall $15.00Medium $15.00Large $15.00People Are Not Bums Buy a 'Compassion' Sticker and Help the Homeless in Ocean BeachTo order a sticker, please go to the Regional Task Force on the Homeless web site. Stickers cost only $3.50 each (including shipping and handling). You can also pick them up at the Task Force office for $2.50. All sticker proceeds will go to homeless services in Ocean Beach.Background Stuff ArchivesLinksSpecial FriendsAbout the OB Rag blogComment Policy1st OB Rag HistoryOB Under SiegeOB RespondsSummer 1970The First CircleCollier ParkNew BloodThe Rag Once AgainIn Full SwingThe Rag MaturesThe Early PoliticsPie ShopNumber 10, Summer 1984Number 11, November 1984ContactLettersOld Rags ScannedIssues of the Original OB Rag Available For A Donation to the Blog- 20% OFFVol. 1 No. 13  late April 1971Vol. 1, No. 7, Dec. 1970Vol. 1 No. 14, May-June 1971Vol. 1, No. 17, July 1971Vol. 7, No. 2, Oct. 2002Vol. 1, No. 16  late June  early July 1971Vol. 7, No. 3, May 2003Vol. 2, No. 5, January 1972Vol. 2, No. 8, March 1972Our SponsorsThe Staff Box Andy CohenAnna DanielsAnnie LaneBrenda McFarlaneDan MoralesDave RiceDoug PorterEdwin DeckerErnie McCrayFrank and PattyFrank GormlieGary GilmoreJon CarrJudi CurryLane TobiasMichael SteinbergOB CindiPatty JonesShane FinneranSunshineWireless MikeSupport the OB Rag with PayPal! For the price of a Mocha Chip Frappaccino latte, you can keep us alive for another day!Archives  Select Month  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009  November 2009  October 2009  September 2009  August 2009  July 2009  June 2009  May 2009  April 2009  March 2009  February 2009  January 2009  December 2008  November 2008  October 2008  September 2008  August 2008  July 2008  June 2008  May 2008  April 2008  March 2008  February 2008  January 2008  December 2007  November 2007  October 2007 Those Button Thingies Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes.WordPress Admin