Wall Street Fat-Cats Flip Public Service Workers the Bird // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 205Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 71Corporations or politicians hurting America? 11The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 06, 2011| 67 commentsWall Street Fat-Cats Flip Public Service Workers the Birdsource: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTcSOygSBBMAn error occurred while setting up video display.bravenewfilms2 added thishttp://goo.gl/D3Bv7 Don't let Wall Street destroy the backbone of America! We the taxpayers bailed out Wall Street yet to divert attention, they want you to believe that public service workers are the ones who are overpaid. It's time to STOP THE LIES!groups:News tags:Politics,Wall Street,Robert Greenwald |67 comments// Wall Street Fat-Cats Flip Public Service Workers the Bird // Videohide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0ejasunNot a fair playing ground $ Bribe & Steal from the Sheep, make the money cull the herd. Endless cave man style government who can sell out first leadership. We all talk BS if this happened to our Grandfathers they would have stuck a gun up wall streets ass and pulled the trigger. Any man want to step up to the solve the wall street bribe problems plate? I didn't thinks so. FU armchair warriors! 1 day agoflag  reply0naviderJOHN A! Why do you feel that the interests of the half of 1% that control 90% of the wealth in this country is more important than that of the middle class that makes less than $48k per year!!??!We are talking about billionaires vs Pennies!! 3 days agoflag  reply+2JohnA  navider:I am talking about government employees paid with my tax dollars bitching about not getting a raise.  I pay the taxes that pay their salaries, if I don't get a raise, why should they expect one. 1 day agoflag  reply0dreaddazedeep video i likey 3 days agoflag  reply+2thedirtmanHaving worked for both the government and big corporations I can honestly say there is little difference.  The people at the bottom of the ladder are working the hardest for the least money.  The people making the most can do what they want.  No difference. 3 days agoflag  reply-9JohnAThe purpose of the government is not to be an employment agency.  Real growth and a robust economy come from private sector jobs.  The less government jobs there are, the better.  We the taxpayers are paying for government workers salaries, pensions, health care, you and I are paying for that, and what do we get out of it?  To stand in line at the DMV until someone gets around to calling our number when they get off break.  How many stories have you seen on this website about government workers making 6 figure salaries looking at porn and smoking meth at work?  They have good paying jobs with full benefits and we the taxpayers are paying the bills, and we are expected to cry because they aren't doing better than us?  Bullshit!  Get a job in the real world and see how well you make out!  Walk a mile in my shoes, motherfucker. 3 days agoflag  reply+4EdJoyProductions  JohnA:I work for the government and no one making six figures could ever get away with smoking meth and watching porn.  I make about half of what I would make in for an equivalent position in private industry, plus I am subject to hiring freezes, pay freezes and lay offs.  I stay with my job because I feel that we provide a much needed service to the community.  A community that is now suffering because of things things that greedy Wall Street executives did and our government allowed.  I work very hard as do my co-workers.  I am not saying there are no bad apples but for the most part we are dedicated to serving the public.  It is a very real job in a very real world. 3 days agoflag  reply-5JohnA  EdJoyProductions:They did with the EPA until BP blew.  And the SEC was looking at porn before the crash in October 2008.  I read it here, and other places.  Yeah bureaurcrats get away with way more the private sector employees could ever dream of, because the have the government workers unions backing them up no matter what they do.  If you make half now, why haven't you gotten a private sector job?  You can still provide service to the community without drawing a paycheck funded by the taxpayers?  Let me guess, you wouldn't get that gub'ment retirement that I'll be paying for. 3 days agoflag  reply+5EdJoyProductions  JohnA:You are misinformed. 3 days agoflag  reply-5JohnA  EdJoyProductions:Misinformed about what?  That if you have a government job the taxpayers are paying your salary?  No, that part is very true.  I am footing your bills. 3 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  EdJoyProductions:http://current.com/news/92453197_meth-porn-used-by-offshore-drilling-agency-staf...Yes? 3 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  EdJoyProductions:http://current.com/news/92393353_sec-staffers-watched-porn-as-economy-crashed.ht...Really? 3 days agoflag  reply+2thedirtman  JohnA:Seriously, the government has installed filters that do not allow access to those websites now.  Access to website information has changed.  If I need to find the weather report to decide if we can do fieldwork the only place I can get a report is the NWS site - not weather dot com, not weatherunderground dot com or anywhere else.  If I need a book as a reference in making a government publication I can't go to amazon to look for a book without getting permissions.  Its so frustrating that I do it at home on my own time.  The stories you heard were probably true.  No question there.  However, the number of bad apples are overblown.  People spread anger and direct it at government workers as far as it can possibly go. 3 days agoflag  reply-5JohnA  thedirtman:At least I feel safer knowing you can't go to weather underground dot com.  That's Williams Ayers, isn't it?  Not me.  In any case, they may not necessarily be bad apples, I won't call them lazy, but they definately aren't the most motivated workforce in the world, to put it lightly.  And I am paying their bills.  I couldn't get away with what they do, and no one else could in the private sector, let alone with health care and a pension.  If you walked into a FedEx office and got treated like you do at the USPS, FedEx would be bankrupt tommorrow.  And they want to bitch about their plight when 10% don't have jobs at all?  Fuck them! 3 days agoflag  reply+1thedirtman  JohnA:Sorry, all I know about weatherunderground is that they have weather reports.I guess if you can find an uninhabited island in the Indonesian archipelago you wouldn't need to pay dues to society.  Let me know how it turns out because I might follow you. 3 days agoflag  reply+2Will_Rojas  JohnA:so who paid for the bail outs? the bail outs used for the "private sector" which is supposed to be better then Government "we the people" the DMV SUCKs we all know but hey what are you doing to make it better? oh yea typing your opinion online... DUMB ASS TRICKi work with autistic kids, for the government... guess how much my family paid in taxes last year. you cant! because you will never, ever, see that kinda money! ever! I promise you that. now with my college degree i work to get my dads tax money back, which is being used for the greater community, not just a couple of idiots on wall street. which FAILED BY THE WAY >< IDIOT 3 days agoflag  reply+2mybologna  JohnA:Do you know whom else happen to be government employees? Soldiers, cops, border patrol and the republican politicians you put in power to destroy public institutions. How can you complaint about bad government when you put people in power that don't believe in it in the first place?The reason many governmental institutions are in poor shape (such as the EPA filled with employees left over from the oil interest friendly Bush administration) is that many politicians try to weaken the public institutions that threaten the interests of corporations. Those are usually the institutions created to protect and benefit the public interest. That's why the FDA is a dog with no teeth, underfunded and full of corporate insiders. That's why the EPA is filled with oil industry insiders. That's why the SEC and treasury department is filled with JP Morgan Chase, Morgan Stanley and other big financial firms ex-employees instead of more people like Elizabeth Warren.Yet you don't hear much outrage from the right about the size of our penal system, or our military or the size and scope of our failed war on drugs. Those governmental institutions benefit corporations, many times at the expense of its own citizens. Corporations like KBR, Boeing, GE, Exxon, Shell, weapons manufacturers and many others are making huge profits out of our military entanglements. War expenditure is non negotiable when making cuts. We have for profit penal institutions, so the war on drugs escalates even in times of austerity.It doesn't become a question of reducing government. It is about shrinking or destroying any governmental institution that puts public interest over corporate interest. It is about expanding government that benefits the corporate agenda. 3 days agoflag  reply+5gerardange  JohnA:I think you watch way too much Limbaugh & Fox. [quote] "6 figure salaries looking at porn and smoking meth at work?" [end quote]Damn you are gullible... 3 days agoflag  reply0gerardange  JohnA:OKAY.. JOHNA... WATCH THIS.... The American Dream ~ WHAT THE FED DOESN'T WANT YOU TO KNOW ((HD)) Current >>>    http://ow.ly/3zNy1 3 days agoflag  reply0BrushwithDeathToothpaste  JohnA:Yes only government employees view porn and become intoxicated on the job.  Because there is less accountability in the public sector than in the private sector.  Nepotism, drug abuse, absenteeism, and discrimination only happens in government.  I guess the policies put into effect that are suppose to prevent that by law, which are not enforced in the private sector, attracts those kinds of people.  That and the high salaries.  Stop complaining and get a government job.  I'm sure you will pass the very loose standards for employment.  You'll also enjoy the massive annual raises. 2 days agoflag  reply+1JohnA  BrushwithDeathToothpaste:Only government employees view porn and become intoxicated on jobs paid for by my tax dollars.  And I don't want a government job, I can make more money and be of more service in the private sector, thanks. 2 days agoflag  reply0Mark701  JohnA:I agree that it is not the governments job to be an employment agency, that's the private sectors job. It's the government's job to get us over the hump when the private sector inevitably implodes, as it so often does, stranding millions without jobs.The problem is that the private sector is not interested in creating jobs in the US when they can pay sweatshop wages to people in China, India and Mexico.  Example: My brother works for ATI (video card designer and manufacturer).  In 2008 he was asked to take a 10% pay cut and reduced employer contribution to his 401K. People still got laid off. Then as things slowly got better ATI began to refill the positions that were lost in the US, with employees in China. That's how the modern day private sector works and that's why I chose to work for the government after 15 years in the private sector. My government job doesn't pay me six figures, not even close to that. I am also paid on average $15,000 to $20,000 LESS than my private sector counter part. Got it? So why did I take a government job? Because I had the foresight to see that the private sector is incredibly unstable and would rather take less money than not have a job. Even at that we've gone through layoffs. We used to have 1200 personnel in our agency, now we have 800. Our budget is due to be cut again this year. Happy?Fact is that guys like you weren't smart enough or didn't  have the clarity of vision to see that the American private sector is a farce. Either that or you were making decent money in the private sector and had no inclination to take a job with the government that paid you less. So now you bitch and moan about people who work for the government because they're not as miserable as you are.Finally with regard to you comments about government employees looking a porn and smoking meth or drinking, you are probably correct. Just as correct as I am in stating that the same thing happens in jobs in the private sector. That's why you hear about, for example, freighter and oil tanker captains crashing ships into bridges. It's part of the human condition, not a function of where you work. 2 days agoflag  reply+1oppressed1  Mark701:You need to get a new job, because the civilian secretaries that work at our S1 make like 48 grand a year, and have full governmental benefits. Oh and they dont do shit. That like twice what a private sector job can pay for their job description. 2 days agoflag  reply-1Will_Rojas  JohnA:JohnA, BrushWithDeath, and Opressed are the three biggest idiots on the internet...when you use words like "ONLY" and "ALL" Government jobs you place your self on a list of pure ignorance and narrow mindedness. If you had any education, of any type you would know the basics of argument, and that is to never use these words. Its like me saying all private sector jobs go to China. that's not true. but a lot do. and guess what half those fat cats in the private sector not all....do cocaine, and are unethical to the bone. like someone else said its not where you work its the HUMAN CONDITION OF BEING A PIECE OF SHIT WHEN YOUR BORN, that includes me, but I, unlike most of you get educated about both sides and attempt to edify myself everyday. If the government is not supposed to create jobs...then tell me soldiers, what the hell do you think you are? and if the private sector is always going to fail because of lack of accountability who is going to be there to pick up the pieces? all the conservatives in this place are the most ignorant rats on earth.  always playing follow the leader but never becoming a leader. yea there are problems with government, we all agree, and there are problems in the private sector, great....now stop girlie bitching and think of a SOLUTION we are AMERICANS not AMERICANTS, we are THE "UNITED", STATES, OF AMERICA but your precious opinion is so important to you that you forget to work together to fix the same problem. 2 days agoflag  reply0CarlosIsDown  JohnA:I'm pretty sure what you describe is going on, but I highly doubt it's rampant, and it's not limited to just public workers.I remember working for a private company testing their computer chips. People slept on the job, looked at porn, smoked pot.At McDonald's this happened too. It's just something that has to be dealt with. No one work force is perfect. 2 days agoflag  reply0mcgibson23  JohnA:Well you're helping pay for the bailout so i guess your tax dollars are paying for private company employees to watch porn too. 2 days agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  JohnA:When you consider how many government employees there actually are these are extremely rare incidents.  Sure , you are footing my bill with the tiny portion of your tax dollars that go to social services as I deal with an overwhelming tide of newly eligible for welfare applicants because they lost their job through no fault of their own.  I have to do this with half the staff because they are constantly cutting our resources.  Meanwhile, down on Wall Street, criminal acts that make what you just mentioned look like slap on the wrist offenses go on daily.Yes, you are misinformed and oblivious. 2 days agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  mcgibson23:Actually, to add to this statement from mcgibson23, much more of your tax dollars were sent to the bailout than to any social services sector and those tax dollars are being paid directly to thieves.  Do you have a problem with that? 2 days agoflag  reply0Mark701  oppressed1:Get another job? Really? And not have the pleasure of being a public servant for people like JohnA and yourself!?  Perish the thought!My point is that many government employees are not paid what their private sector counter parts are. I know this for a fact because I know what my private sector counterparts are pulling down. With regard to your secretaries, our secretaries don't make anything close to that. Second, it's easy to generalize but doing so is a shortcut to thinking. There are many hard working, conscientious government employees. Not all for sure but I believe the majority. Same is true for the private sector. Again, it's not a function of where you work but part of being human. 2 days agoflag  reply+1JohnA  EdJoyProductions:"You are footing my bill with the tiny portion of your tax dollars that go to social services as I deal with an overwhelming tide of newly eligible for welfare applicants."Fantastic!  I am paying your salary for your job to sign up more people to live off of my tax dollars.  What a wonderful system!  I can't believe I was upset.  I am so greatful to you!  Hopefully you will all be able to take every dime I ever made! 1 day agoflag  reply0JohnA  CarlosIsDown:No workforce is perfect, true.  Not all are paid with my tax dollars either.  If I choose to eat a Big Mac, I have chosen where to spend my money I worked for.  I have no such choice in where my tax dollars are spent. 1 day agoflag  reply0JohnA  Mark701:Where does the hump start and where does it end.  This administration is blowing up the number of public sector employees to make unemployment figures look better.  But it is a false reality because it is unsustainable.  If the government runs out of money, there will be no public sector jobs. 1 day agoflag  reply0JohnA  EdJoyProductions:Yes I do!  I was vehemently against the TARP.  "Too big to fail" is total bullshit!  If they can't cut it, if they make stupid decisions, be it Bear Stearns, or AIG, or General Motors, they should suffer the consquences.  That is capitalism.  My tax dollars should not support ineptitude. 1 day agoflag  reply0JohnA  Mark701:I'll be sure to ask for you the next time my car tags come up. 1 day agoflag  reply+1adamvelvetu  JohnA:Since government workers are also taxpayers don't they also help to directly pay their own salaries? That's something pretty unique to their profession. 1 day agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  JohnA:May you never be desperate enough to need social services.  You really have no regard for other people. 1 day agoflag  reply+2KSirysIn a few years this country is going to turn into the elite, showering us (the poor people) with their golden, uh hum, help....  So much for change in this country...  while they get wealthier, we lose more rights.... nice! 3 days agoflag  reply+2jeff662003Wall street screws up and we pay up!!!!!!! 3 days agoflag  reply+2FtheBULLSHTI got it!  My new job is to be an assassin for the people.  With so many scumbags in this country I'd have a job for life, or at least until I'm killed or imprisoned. 3 days agoflag  reply+2ThatCrazyLibertarianBe sure to extend a warm welcome to our new White House Chief of Staff. 3 days agoflag  reply0PrijedorJust get to work!Bitching about the gov. wont put food in your mouth 3 days agoflag  reply+2Increduloussniff, sniff....do I smell revolution in the air? 3 days agoflag  reply-4shanklinmikePropaganda for people who will use guns on you for disagreeing...that is what this video should be called.If you really cared about ending corporatism, you would enable capitalism and destroy the government corporatism once and for all!But we don't have capitalism, what we have is statism..... and these people will use guns on you for simply disagreeing!!! It's MADNESS!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOGq_1710U4 3 days agoflag  reply+5Stoneyroad  shanklinmike:"They will use guns on you for disagreeing" Really?Who is getting shot for disagreeing? I want names.And if you are such an Anarchist how come you have not been shot more times than 50 cent?Leave it to the president & owner of a consulting firm to charge everyone else with propaganda in defense of the wealthy. 3 days agoflag  reply0shanklinmike  Stoneyroad:You don't have to pull the trigger to get someone to do what you want. In fact, pulling the trigger ends the serfs life, last thing the leeches who live off of stolen tax money want....is to lose productivity....The reason I have no been shot is because I still comply with the law (and I haven't been caught and tried to literally fight for my individual rights and Freedom on the spot....knowing I will be shot if I do)."Leave it to the president & owner of a consulting firm to charge everyone else with propaganda in defense of the wealthy."Yeah, cause I'm just raking in the bucks.... lol (as I eat my store brand ramen noodles....)At least I'm honest enough to show my face and not hide behind a screenname...To everyone else out there, it's true, there is no such thing as good government. 3 days agoflag  reply0shanklinmikeThe government IS Wall Street, Wall Street IS the government.There is no such thing as good government, never will be...they will always turn into corporatism and feed off the system's coercion for its advantages and protectionism.The SEC backed up Bernie Madoff for over 15 years, and you trust these idiots with more power and guns?!?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rjhJcUBRKgAll this economic disparity occurs because the government bureaucrats are in bed with corporatism, and that is how the system works. They use laws to create more excess profits for themselves. Government is a cancer, I say remove the whole tumor, not just part of it. 3 days agoflag  reply0coxian_armada  shanklinmike:Really...how many times are you going to post the same bullshit video here.....this video is wrong even with the basics 3 days agoflag  reply+3figgdimensionthe Blame game not unlike the new House members saying they'd cut their budget Yea Right! 3 days agoflag  reply+3kirahiggins7its like they say rich stay rich and the poor just keep getting poorer 3 days agoflag  reply+5dudefromtherockSoon you will have two classes of people...the elites and the peasants.Welcome to the NWO. 3 days agoflag  reply+1shanklinmike  dudefromtherock:Soon?!? Where have you been? It's politics/corporatism versus individual rights/Freedom! 3 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  dudefromtherock:I think it's already here, just more people joining the ranks of the poor and what's left of the middle class believe's they will be rich someday! Ha. 3 days agoflag  reply0dudefromtherock  shanklinmike:Depends on where you live I guess. You guys elected the gov. you have now lie in it. 3 days agoflag  reply+1dudefromtherock  kennymotown:Perhaps someone needs to enslave you guys huh? You might get a better deal.   ;P 3 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  dudefromtherock:I think we already are! 3 days agoflag  reply+8EdJoyProductionsAbsolutely.  This demonization of public workers and unions is a smoke screen.  We constantly face wage freezes and lay offs while Wall Street gets bonuses.  It is so disgraceful. 3 days agoflag  reply-1shanklinmike  EdJoyProductions:It's all a side effect of government, people told you this was coming long ago.... you continued to believe in the violent people... the question...why did you trust the bureaucrats and politicians in the first place?!? Couldn't you tell that they were not trustworthy once they started pointing guns at people to get their way?!?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOGq_1710U4 3 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  EdJoyProductions:Well said Joy, the attack machine of the Economic Elites is a growing business! 3 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  shanklinmike:The Government at this time is no longer ours, the people need to take it back. But a capitalistic country without government is a total nightmare. I've always said that a real government for the people by the people is a corporations worst nightmare. Get rid of corporate personhood, bring back the old corporate laws that specifically laid out the rules of corporations. 1. a corporation must be dissolved after 20 years, 2. a corporation must prove every year that it is operating in the clear public interests or it must be dissolved! 3 days agoflag  reply+2dudefromtherock  EdJoyProductions:Reply of the year! 3 days agoflag  reply+1EdJoyProductions  kennymotown:Part of the public sector is social services.  The irony is that while Wall Street is directly responsible for swelling the rolls of the needy, social services are always the first to be cut. 3 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  EdJoyProductions:It sure does suck! 3 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  kennymotown:How are we going to take it back when the government workers make more than we do? 3 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  EdJoyProductions:First responders I am for.  Military I am for.  Some jerkoff at the the DMV that just made me wait 45 minutes while he was on break with his government pension and government health care that I as a taxpayer am paying for?  Fuck him.  Get a real job in the real world. 3 days agoflag  reply0oppressed1  JohnA:The civilians who work in the army S1 and personnel departments are fucking worthless. They have 10 of them doing one job, and all they do i leach off the poor bastard privates and make them do all the work. Its a big room full of people no doing anything, being chatty kathies and all of them making 50 grand a year. Oh and dont dare say anything to them, because they will run to their unions faster than the speed of light. My favorite line from your average civilian personnel secretary. um (rolls eye) that's not my job sir.well waht the fuck are we paying you for bitch@! 2 days agoflag  reply+1adamvelvetuThat's great. 3 days agoflag  reply+2JosephSuzukiMUST SEE 3 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick Latest News Wyatt Earp SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Latest Updates Five People Injured In SUV Rollover most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10Imran Khan: Pakistan is 'going down' more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Watch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!The Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  7 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  16 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  17 minutes agoI will defend anyone's right to free speech.   I merely hope those doing the speaking understand the consequences of their words.  Speak from the heart but think with your conscience. Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  1 hour agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the... mcjk commented on AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event...  1 hour agoWhat kind of news article does it take for people to have a mature, rational discussion here on Current?  Seriously, multiple people died, and more injured- and most of the comments I am reading...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog