The Lists of Republican Sex Scandals  - Democratic UndergroundLatestGreatestLobbyJournalsSearchOptionsHelpLoginSite searchWeb searchThe Lists of Republican Sex Scandals Printer-friendly formatEmail this thread to a friendBookmark this threadFirst  thread | Last  threadHomeDiscuss Topic ForumsDemocrats1968Camaro80      (45 posts)      Fri Jul-24-09 05:39 AMOriginal messageThe Lists of Republican Sex Scandals Edited on Fri Jul-24-09 06:26 AM by 1968Camaro80http://www.salem-news.com/articles/october172007/repub_... Perspective by Tim King Tim major in journalism at Cuesta College in San Luis Obispo, California. He holds numerous awards for reporting, photography, writing and editing, including the Oregon AP Award for Spot News Photographer of the Year (2004), the first place Electronic Media Award in Spot News, Las Vegas, (1998), Oregon AP Cooperation Award (1991); and several other awards including the 2005 Red Cross Good Neighborhood Award for reporting. His website: http://www.salem-news.com / His MySpace: http://www.myspace.com/tims  alemnews Republican Sex Scandals Dwarf Those of DemocratsPosted: Oct-17-2007 07:15The sexual antics of President Bill Clinton have been a dangerous tool in the Republican campaign arsenal, used to the fullest possible extent, but what have they been up to all these years?"He who lives in a glass house should not throw stones." It seems that old adage may be lost on the confused mass that we call modern society. The Grand Old Party, once known for controversial abolitionists, has become the moral party of today, or so their elected leaders will tell you.As we evolve as a nation, too many people seem to be clinging to ideologies that make little sense, fighting against a woman's right to abortion while demanding that schools not teach children sex education or instruct them in the deadly virus, AIDS. It creates a vicious circle when we fight ourselves, and deny education to those who need it most.Our nation spent more tax money conducting Ken Starr's investigation of President Bill Clinton's affair with intern Monica Lewinsky, than they did in the investigation of the September 11th 2001 attacks on the United States. Many Americans fail to see the logic behind this.Now Oregon's Governor stands at risk, as a right wing radio pundit named Lars Larson levels an accusation against Kulongoski that could mean he could not be a lawyer in Oregon again. Larson says that Kulongoski had the goods on Goldschmidt years ago. Sources are reporting that he could have known about what has become known as the Goldschmidt scandal, as early as 1994. Kulongoski walked angrily out of a press conference Tuesday, after a TV reporter asked him about the former governor's involvement with the teenage babysitter. Perhaps the Governor is guilty of having known something he didn't tell. He stated that he is not, but if he is, he may lose his right to have a license to practice law. That would be a real burn if you were Ted Kulongoski, and quite a feather in the cap of Lars Larson, no doubt about it.As Lars Larson is totally political in his pursuits and ambitions, we thought it would be interesting to offer perspective by determining just how many Republican lawmakers and officials have endured similar scrutiny in recent years for sexual perversions, extramarital affairs, etc. It is a hard number to pinpoint, it just depends on the number of years you account for.As a subject, it was important enough to see an impeachment of former President Bill Clinton, so fair seems fair.Then we ran into a problem with the idea of naming these scandals and their Republican perpetrators; there are so many of these scandals that this video would be over 2 hours showing the lists of these 'Evil-Doers' called the RepubliCONs. Using data from "Moral Values," these citations are otherwise attributed to the original agencies. Here is a partial list of names of serious problems related to GOP movers and shakers.Randal David Ankeney is the Republican activist who was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault on a child with force. He was charged with six counts related to getting a 13-year-old girl stoned on pot and then having sex with her. Ankeny has also been accused of sexually assaulting another girl. Jim Bakker is the infamous televangelist who worked with Pat Robertson at Robertson's Christian Broadcasting network. Sources at the time, and then later Jim himself, confirmed that he committed adultery with Jessica Hahn, and then used charitable donations to pay her hush money. Fellow televangelists have stated in the past that they believe he's gay. Bakker was indicted on 23 federal charges of fraud, tax evasion, and racketeering. Bob Barr is the Republican Congressman from Georgia who sponsored the anti-gay Defense of Marriage Act, saying "The flames of hedonism, the flames of narcissism, the flames of self-centered morality are licking at the very foundation of our society, the family unit." He was married three times, and paid for his second wife's abortion (she also suspected he was cheating on her). he failed to pay child support to the children of his first two wives and while married to his third and present wife and was photographed licking whipped cream off of strippers at his inaugural party.Parker J. Bena was a Republican activist and a key player in the campaign to elect George W. Bush as President. Bena was charged and later pleaded guilty to possession of child pornography and lying to the FBI. Bena reportedly told the feds that he had received an unsolicited e-mail containing pictures of children (some as young as three years old) performing various sexual acts, but agents learned that he had in fact voluntarily entered a number of child pornography websites and downloaded the images himself. This is said to have involved acts with children as young as 3 years old, on his home computer. Parker J. Bena was sentenced to 30 months in federal prison and fined $18,000. Louis Beres is a past chairman of the Christian Coalition of Oregon. Three of his family members accuse him of molesting them as children, when they were pre-teens. In an Editor and Publisher article, in August 2006, Beres confessed to the accusations facing him. John Bolton, President George W. Bush's highly contested appointee ambassador to United Nations is suspected of forcing his former wife to be involved in unsavory group sex acts. Corroborated allegations that Mr. Bolton's first wife, Christina Bolton, was forced to engage in group sex have not been refuted by the State Department despite inquires posed by Hustler magazine publisher Larry Flynt concerning the allegations. Mr. Flynt has obtained information from numerous sources that Mr. Bolton participated in paid visits to Plato's Retreat, the popular swingers club that operated in New York City in the late 1970s and early 1980s.Jim Bunn Congressman of Oregon: Many attribute the success Jim Bunn experienced in great part to support from the Christian Coalition. Congressman Jim Bunn won his congressional seat, and then sources say that he immediately ditched his wife, the mother of his five children, and married a staffer. Jim Bunn is said to have put his new wife on the state payroll for the unheard-of salary of $97,500, thereby becoming one of the biggest waste and spend conservatives from the state of Oregon. President of the United States George W. Bush, was accused in a criminal complaint and lawsuit of raping Margie Schoedinger, who later died in a questionable case of suicide. Bush was also accused by Tammy Phillips, a former stripper, who was quoted in the National Enquirer in 2000 saying she had an affair with Bush that had ended in 1999. Another serious question involves statements from the wife of Red Blount, whom Bush campaigned for, while possibly A.W.O.L from the Air National Guard at age 26. She stated that he was "all over their 14 year old daughter." Neil Bush, brother or G. W. Bush, in a March 2003 divorce deposition, admitted repeatedly having sex with strange women who just showed up at his room while on an Asian business trip. Overshadowing the sex scandal at the time was a business scandal. Neal Bush keeps a low profile and is not seen in public very often. He also has questionable ties to the security of the World Trade Towers in the September 11th 2001 attacks on the United States. Ken Calvert, Congressman (R-California), has been called the champion of the Christian Coalition and its "family values." But in reality, Ken Calvert was sued as an alimony "deadbeat dad" by his ex-wife who said, "We can't forgive what occurred between the President and Lewinsky." In 1993, Calvert was caught by police officers receiving oral sex from a prostitute. He attempted to flee the scene but apparently couldn't move fast enough to get away from police, and was arrested.Helen Chenoweth, Congresswoman (R-Id.). In 1995, Chenoweth had denied having an affair when asked about it by The Spokane Spokesman-Review. In 1998 she called (in a campaign ad) for Bill Clinton's resignation saying, "I believe that personal conduct and integrity do matter". Days later she admitted to a six-year adulterous affair with a married associate, but now she claims a pardon from a higher authority: "I've asked for God's forgiveness, and I've received it," she revealed.Mark Foley, Republican Representative, Florida Sixteenth Congressional District. Resigned after trying to solicit sex from male congressional pages via an instant messenger program. The conversations included his asking a sixteen-year-old "stud" whether his penis was erect and requesting that he take out and measure his penis. The cover-up involved Republican House Majority Leader John Boehner, Ohio Eighth Congressional District and Republican House Speaker Dennis Hastert, Illinois Fourteenth District.Newt Gingrich, well established crusader against legislation that assists women and the poor, has married three times while spouting Christian values the entire time. Newt Gingrich's campaign worker Anne Manning, admitted that she gave Newt oral sex while he was still married to his first wife, essentially placing Newt in the exact same position President Clinton had to endure when Gingrich and his cronies maintained their pressure over the Lewinski incident. Gingrish informed one wife he was filing for divorce while she was in the hospital recovering from cancer treatments. Philip Giordano, the former Republican mayor of Waterbury, Connecticut was sentenced by a state court to serve 37 years for forcing two little girls to perform acts of oral sex on him in his Waterbury City Hall office. While investigating municipal corruption, the FBI discovered phone records and pictures of Giordano with a prostitute named Guitana Jones, as well as with her 10-year-old niece and her 8-year-old daughter. 37-years is a very long prison sentence, many said at the time that it still wasn't enough.Rudy Giuliani, New York Mayor and Republican Presidential Candidate, is reported as having had an adulterous affair that failed to stay out of the public light. Groups also cite Giuliani for pocketing an $80,000 fee for speaking at a charity benefit for tsunami aid which raised only $60,000 for the victims themselves. Critics of Giuliani say there will be more revelations about his character and past as his presidential aspirations gain momentum.Matthew Glavin, president and CEO of the Southeastern Legal Foundation, was a big player in the Clinton Impeachment proceedings, and he has spearheaded a good number of anti-homosexual jihads. He has been arrested multiple times for public indecency, sources report, one time it was for fondling the crotch of the police officer who was arresting him at a national park. Opponents say his actions were treated "with kid gloves" and therefore inadequate.Neal Horsley is a political figure of the far right, and the author of a website devoted to his advocacy of militant pro-life, secessionist, and anti-gay views. He has called for the arrest of all homosexuals. He admitted on the Fox News Radio's The Alan Colmes Show, that he's had sex with mules. He put photographs on his Web site of naked men engaging in homosexual acts and a nude woman engaging in bestiality amid shots of grotesquely maimed fetuses. Drug dealer convicted of possession of hashish with intent to sell. He calls for "the establishment of a new government, one that can obey God's plan for government."Lewis "Scooter" Libby is the former Assistant to the President and Chief of Staff to Vice President Dick Cheney who was convicted but recently exempted from having to serve his sentence by the President. In 1996, "Scooter" Libby published a novel containing bizarre sexual content, including bestiality and pedophilia. Other high level White House officials were said to have been involved in the book that Libby published.Rush Limbaugh is the infamous talk show pundit and advocate of moral values who has been divorced three times. A staunch anti-drug crusader, Limbaugh is in reality, a 30-pill a day drug addict. He also takes questionable trips to locations where many western men travel to buy sex under shady circumstances. It was a return from one of those possibly sordid journeys when one of his drug arrests occurred. Limbaugh was returning from the Dominican Republic. The Rush Limbaugh sex tourism story could seriously lead to his downfall if any of the allegations were founded. "Turnabout is most certainly fair play," is how one news agency worded it. Then there is the report of Rushs use of Viagra while he was single.Jeff Miller, (R-Cleveland), Senate Republican Caucus Chairman in Tennessee and the sponsor of Tennessees Marriage Protection act. He was divorced in April 2005 because of an affair he was having with an office aid. Miller described the Tennessee Marriage Protection Act as a means of preserving the sanctity of marriage. He opposed an amendment, however, which stated that Adultery is deemed to be a threat to the institution of marriage and contrary to public policy in Tennessee.Joseph M. McDade, 75, was issued a summons on a charge of exposure of his sexual organs, a misdemeanor that carries up to a year in jail and a $1,000 fine. The longtime Pennsylvania Republican congressman who served for 36 years in the House and now works for a Washington lobbying firm, has been accused of exposing his private parts to two women at a beach resort on Sanibel Island.Bill O'Reilly is the highly controversial right-wing conservative talk show host on Fox News known for the "O'Reilly factor" and the "no spin zone." O'Reilly is highly contested over his ability to polarize people along political lines. Bill O'Reilly has been sued for sexual harassment by his producer. The female Fox News producer named Andrea Mackris filed a lawsuit claiming that he subjected her to repeated instances of sexual harassment and spoke often, and explicitly, to her about phone sex, vibrators, threesomes, masturbation, the loss of his virginity, and sexual fantasies. He settled with the producer for an undisclosed amount of money.Bob Packwood, Senator (R-Ore.) resigned in 1995 under a threat of public senate hearings related to 10 female ex-staffers accusing him of sexual harassment. A pro-choice Republican who often rallied for women's rights, Packwood let down generations of supporters, and is a good example of the complexity of human nature, since he supported legislation to protect womens rights during his 25 years in office while simultaneously making unwanted sexual advances toward many different women. In the end, 19 women testified to outrageous behavior which was mostly carried out when Packwood was drunk. The most damaging was the charge of a former staff woman who was only 17 years old at the time. Packwood might still have survived the challenge had he responded with his former talent for compromise, but he was defiant and confrontational, trying to bully his way through the situation and alienating even his friends, it is reported.George Roche III, carried on a 19 year affair with his son's wife, while serving as president of Hillsdale College, which "emphasizes the importance of the common moral truths that bind all Americans, while recognizing the importance of religion for the maintenance of a free society." The scandal broke out in 1999 when the wife of George Roche IV, Lissa Jackson Roche, claimed to have had an affair spanning 19 years with her husband's father. Shortly after, she was found dead in the college's arboretum with a handgun, and the death was ruled a suicide. Following his resignation in November 1999, Roche left public life and moved to Colorado.Joe Scarborough, former Republican Congressman, is currently a conservative talk show host. He resigned his congressional seat abruptly to spend more time with his family, amidst allegations of an affair. His intern, Lori Klausutis, was soon after found dead in his office. The medical examiner, who had his license revoked in Missouri for falsifying information in an autopsy report, and suspended in Florida for six years, ruled the case an accident, after giving conflicting information about her injuries. He said he lied about them because "The last thing we wanted was 40 questions about a head injury."Ed Schrock was a two-term Republican Congressman, with a 92% approval rating from the Christian Coalition. Co-sponsor of the Federal Marriage Amendment, consistently opposed gay rights. Married, with wife and kids, he withdrew his candidacy for a third term after tapes of him soliciting gay sex were circulated. The Virginia Pilot reported in October 2000 that Schrock favored ending the Clinton administration's "don't ask, don't tell" policy on gays in the military, BlogActive noted. "He supports asking enlistees whether they have had homosexual experiences in an effort to try to keep gays from serving. 'You're in the showers with them, you're in the bunk room with them, you're in staterooms with them,' Schrock said."Dr. Laura Schlessinger, right wing conservative radio host, is known for promoting family values. She is estranged from her mother, opposes birth control, has had her tubes tied. She espouses saving oneself for marriage, and admits to having had sex before she was married. She opposes adultery, but has committed adultery while she was married, and has slept with a married man. She opposes divorce, but she is divorced and remarried, and has posed for nude photos which are available online.Arnold Schwarzenegger, the hit Hollywood movie actor turned politician and California Republican governor, has admitted during a Oui interview, having sex with a 16-year old when he was 28. Today men who commit similar acts in Oregon are branded sex offenders and placed in correctional facilities. At the time of the Oui story, Schwarzenegger, then 29, was appearing in "Pumping Iron," a documentary on the bodybuilding circuit. In the Q&A with Manso from Oui Magazine, today's California Governor spoke about his sex life then, his drug usage, and his belief that men "shouldn't feel like fags just because they want to have nice-looking bodies."Jean Schmidt is a Republican legislator from Ohio. Though not herself implicated, she employed a campaign manager named Joe Brauns in her 2005 election who once wrote an article condemning gay men for running sex ad profiles, and who was then accused of running his own sex profile on Collarme, an S&M sex site. The profile called for "submissives" to wear only a collar and handcuffs and to have hot wax dripped on them.Jimmy Swaggart, televangelist, exposed in 1986 fellow Assemblies of God minister Marvin Gorman, who was having an affair with one of his parishioners. The following year, Swaggart then exposed Jim Bakker's sexual indiscretions and soon after appeared on the Larry King Show stating that Bakker was a "cancer in the body of Christ." As a retaliatory move, Marvin Gorman hired a private-detective to follow Swaggart. During his investigation, the detective found Swaggart in a Jefferson Parish, Louisiana motel on Airline Highway with prostitute Debra Murphree and took pictures as proof of the tryst.Randall Terry, Right to Life activist, founder of Operation Rescue, was involved in the Terri Schiavo protests. He was once imprisoned for sending former President Bill Clinton an aborted fetus. His son Jamiel is gay; his daughter Tila had sex outside of marriage, became pregnant, had a miscarriage - she is no longer welcome in his home; his daughter Ebony had 2 children outside of wedlock and became Muslim. He has campaigned against infidelity and birth control, gays and unwed mothers. Terry himself was censured by his church after committing adultery.Strom Thurmond was an outspoken southern republican senator and racist. According to information revealed toward the end of his life, he had as a younger man raped and impregnanted a 15-year old African American maid. Throughout his adult life, as a politician and U.S. Senator, Thurmond quietly contributed to the family of the young African-American mother of his child. In contrast to, say, George "I Was Wrong" Wallace, Thurmond had always been an ornery redemption project. He did not repent. Even so, his illegitimate daughter further complicated the moral picture.Jim West, Spokane Mayor, supported a bill which failed, would have barred gays and lesbians from working in schools, day-care centers and some state agencies. He voted to bar the state from distributing pamphlets telling people how to protect themselves from AIDS. He proposed that any touching of the sexual or other intimate parts of a person among teens be criminalized. He ended up having a sexual affair with an 18-year old boy.Larry Flynt taking John Bolton to task? Political leaders funded by the Christian Coalition watching their lives and political ambitions end in disgrace? I know people won't change their views over this article, that would be too much to expect, but I have a feeling some of this information, much of which is not discussed in many circles, is important to share. Major hangups over sex do not seem to get people very far, at least in the end, and it is obvious that many of the stated motivations of these individuals are the exact opposite of what lurks in their hearts.The case of former Oregon Governor Neil Goldschmidt came to light on May 6th 2004 in the Willamette Week newspaper. Goldschmidt publicly announced that he had engaged in a sexual relationship with a 14-year old girl for an extended period during his first term as Mayor of Portland. Their relations constituted third degree rape under Oregon law, a felony punishable by up to five years in prison. In this case, the statute of limitations had expired, making Goldschmidt immune from any prosecution over the matter.The Democrats have no shortage of serious problems when it comes to extramarital activity, some of it illegal, all of it wrong. But that will take another story, it would not be quite as long of a list, As these list of pedifiers we call the RepubliCONs or some may call them as the Got Zero Plan of Evil-Doers party. The Story continues... Feel free to add the lists of Republican sex scandals in the comments belowRefresh|+1 RecommendationsPrinter Friendly|Permalink|Reply|Top      Replies to this threadGOP in Panda Suit was arrested for trying to have sex with a 15 year old boy1968Camaro80Jul-24-09 05:44 AM#1Well, at least he wasn't wearing diapers while he had sex with hookersSpiralHawkJul-24-09 05:58 AM#3Naked ex-mayor arrested at campsite1968Camaro80Jul-24-09 05:50 AM#2Republican Missouri State Rep. Caught Banging 14-Year-Old1968Camaro80Jul-24-09 06:03 AM#4Tabloid forum?Buzz ClikJul-24-09 07:16 AM#5Elephant sex fetish? Buzz ClikJul-24-09 07:57 AM#6No fetish, it's the RepubliCON's fetish they picked the Elephants =o)1968Camaro80Jul-24-09 04:31 PM#8here's another good site:pnormanJul-24-09 08:47 AM#7Thanks that is a lot of information!1968Camaro80Jul-24-09 04:33 PM#9"pnorman" gave me a great link showing more lists of the Republican Sex Scandals!1968Camaro80Jul-24-09 05:00 PM#10Military Sex Scandal!!!WhistleblowerjusticeJul-25-09 01:31 PM#11Minority Ex-Navy Officer Whistleblower Dissed by Chairman JCS MullenInjustice2010Mar-10-10 04:03 PM#15bob livingstonclarence swinneyAug-12-09 02:42 PM#12And your point is?mlevittSep-02-09 11:13 PM#13That photo = epic win!AncientAtBirth666Sep-06-09 08:40 PM#14That's a long list.JoeyTribMar-12-10 11:22 PM#161968Camaro80      (45 posts)      Fri Jul-24-09 05:44 AMResponse to Original message1.GOP in Panda Suit was arrested for trying to have sex with a 15 year old boyEdited on Fri Jul-24-09 05:56 AM by 1968Camaro80A full-time staffer who served two Republican State Senators in Pennsylvania was arrested for trying to have sex with a 15 year old boy, while the guy wore a panda costume.http://www.pennlive.com/midstate/index.ssf/2009/05/stat...  Police have not found the panda costume, but they have cat and wolf costumes in the guy's house. He was paid over $57K a year."A former legislative aide to now-retired Sen. Hal Mowery, R-Camp Hill, is accused of sexually propositioning a 15-year-old Harrisburg boy through Internet chats, including discussions about dressing up in animal costumes and engaging in various sex acts with the boy, state Attorney General Tom Corbett announced today. Alan David Berlin, 40, most recently a legislative aide to state Sen. Jane Clare Orie, R-Allegheny, used the Internet screen name, "alan_panda_bear," to chat with the boy in April and May, Corbett said. At one point during the chats, Berlin proposed traveling to the boy's home and having sex with him in the backyard while his parents were sleeping, Corbett said.Berlin also requested nude photos of the boy and offered to get a hotel room if he could take pictures of the boy and another adult having sex, according to court papers. The boy's parents became concerned after discovering sexually graphic messages on their son's computer ...Berlin was charged with unlawful contact with a minor, criminal attempted sexual exploitation of children, criminal solicitation to commit sexual abuse of children and criminal use of a computer." Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|TopSpiralHawk      (1000+ posts)Fri Jul-24-09 05:58 AMResponse to Reply #13.Well, at least he wasn't wearing diapers while he had sex with hookers...as other notorious Republicon Senators have done by way of expressing their peculiar Republicon Family Values.So, let's look on the Bright Side of Republicon, um, so-called 'morality.'Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|Top1968Camaro80      (45 posts)      Fri Jul-24-09 05:50 AMResponse to Original message2.Naked ex-mayor arrested at campsiteNaked ex-mayor arrested at campsitehttp://www.ajc.com/metro/content/metro/stories/2009/06/... Gainesvilles Musselwhite denies causing earlier troubleBy Alexis StevensThe Atlanta Journal-ConstitutionFriday, June 26, 2009A former mayor found sitting naked and holding a beer at a Rabun County campsite told police he wasnt the same naked man seen walking around earlier.Mark Musselwhite, 43, said he was hot and had been in the creek, according to a Georgia Department of Natural Resources incident report. He apparently didnt think he was doing anything wrong.Enlarge this imageMark Musselwhite was elected to the Gainesville City Council in 2000, serving for six years, including as mayor of the town.Recent headlines:    * Georgia State gets grant to study school bullying     * Delta flight to Atlanta diverted to Chattanooga     * State Masonic group withdraws charges     Metro and state newsMusselwhite, of Gainesville, was arrested last weekend after being confronted by state DNR authorities. He was charged with public indecency.He told me he was the ex-mayor of the city Gainesville and he was a very political person, DNR Ranger Brandon Walls wrote in the report.Walls and a deputy sheriff went to the campsite Saturday evening after a complaint of a man walking naked in Earls Ford Road, according to the report. Musselwhite appeared to be intoxicated, and several alcoholic beverages were at the campsite, Walls said.Walls said he had spoken to Musselwhite earlier in the day regarding an ATV the former mayor was driving.He looked at us and said hello, according to the report.Musselwhite then asked why he was being visited.I said the complainant had specifically said his campsite, and the fact that he was still nude made me think it was him, Walls wrote.Musselwhite denied that he was the nude man identified in the complaint.An unidentified female was also at the campsite.Musselwhite, a Republican, was elected to the City Council in 2000. He served on the council for six years, including as mayor of the town. In 2006, he lost a bid for a state Senate seat.Musselwhite previously served as deacon of First Baptist Church in Gainesville.He could not be reached for comment Friday evening.Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|Top1968Camaro80      (45 posts)      Fri Jul-24-09 06:03 AMResponse to Original message4.Republican Missouri State Rep. Caught Banging 14-Year-OldI've made a mistake I thought this was recent news it is old news. "zonkers" gave me the link 08.07.2008 1:59 pmBlunt, Kinder call on Muschany to resignhttp://www.stltoday.com/blogzone/political-fix/politica... /Another Family Value Republican Missouri State Rep. Caught Banging 14-Year-Oldhttp://wonkette.com/401755/republican-missouri-state-re... /JEFFERSON CITY  Missouri state Rep. Scott Muschany, R-Frontenac, was indicted today in connection with a reported sexual assault of a 14-year-old girl on May 17, the day after this years Legislative session ended. What, were all the 14-year-old boys already taken by the other celebrating Republican legislators?According to the 14-year-old girls brother, their mother  a state employee  has been fucking Muschany for a couple of years now. In other words, Muschany was working an old college trick: get with the fug roommate and then move on to the hot roommate. Although in this case the fug roommate is an adult woman, and the hot roommate is the adult womans 14-year-old daughter, so this is, whats the word, awful rape induced by alcohol. Just like in college!Oh and of course: In 2006, Muschany was a co-sponsor of legislation that toughened sex offender laws.Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|TopBuzz Clik      (1000+ posts)      Fri Jul-24-09 07:16 AMResponse to Original message5.Tabloid forum?Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|TopBuzz Clik      (1000+ posts)      Fri Jul-24-09 07:57 AMResponse to Original message6.Elephant sex fetish? Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|Top1968Camaro80      (45 posts)      Fri Jul-24-09 04:31 PMResponse to Reply #68.No fetish, it's the RepubliCON's fetish they picked the Elephants =o)No fetish, it's the RepubliCON's fetish they picked the Elephants =o)Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|Toppnorman      (1000+ posts)      Fri Jul-24-09 08:47 AMResponse to Original message7.here's another good site:http://www.armchairsubversive.org /pnormanPrinter Friendly|Permalink|Reply|Top1968Camaro80      (45 posts)      Fri Jul-24-09 04:33 PMResponse to Reply #79.Thanks that is a lot of information!Thanks that is a lot of information!Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|Top1968Camaro80      (45 posts)      Fri Jul-24-09 05:00 PMResponse to Original message10."pnorman" gave me a great link showing more lists of the Republican Sex Scandals!Thanks "pnorman"! He gave me a great link showing more lists of the Republican Sex Scandals! This is insane! Check out the lunatic hate mail sent from a concerned RepubliCON mother!...HATE MAIL:"Maybe you have no control over where they post your political bullshit but I wish they wouldn't post it on google when my 11 year old daughter is just trying to find ideas for her 12th birthday party. I am sure there are plenty of liberal fucks out there molesting children also!!!!!!! Post it where it matters in the trash!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you, a concerned mother"http://www.armchairsubversive.org /Republican Hypocrisy Revealed      STOP REPUBLICAN PEDOPHILIA    * Republican aide Alan David Berlin was arrested on charges that he wanted to engage in sex acts with a 15-year-old boy while dressed in a panda costume.    * Republican news producer Aaron Bruns was arrested on charges of possessing child pornography.    * Republican activist and former presidential campaign chairman Jeffrey Claude Bartleson was arrested on charges of sexually molesting a 5-year old boy.    * Republican activist and former chairman of the Christian County Republicans Royce Fessenden pleaded guilty to two counts of first-degree child molestation and one count of second-degree statutory sodomy.     * Republican parole board officer and former legislator George C. (Chris) Ortloff pleaded guilty to attempting to lure 11- and 12-year-old girls to have sex with him.     * Republican legislative aide Robert R. Groezinger was arrested for possessing child pornography.     * Republican legislator Robert A. McKee pleaded guilty to possessing child pornography.     * Republican legislator Scott Muschany was charged with molesting a 14-year old girl.     * Republican chief of staff Eric Feltner pleaded guilty to showing pornography to a 13-year old girl.     * Republican presidential campaign official Matthew Joseph Elliott was convicted of sexual exploitation of a child.     * Republican Party Chairman Donald Fleischman was charged with two counts of child enticement, two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a child and a single charge of exposing himself to a child.     * Republican prosecutor John David Roy Atchison was arrested for soliciting sex from a 5-year old girl, then killed himself three weeks later. At the time of his arrest, Atchison was an "assistant U.S. attorney" appointed by President Bush's attorney general.     * Republican city councilman John Bryan killed himself after police began investigating allegations that he had molested three girls, including two of his adopted daughters, ages 12 and 15.     * Republican legislator Ted Klaudt was charged with raping girls under the age of 16.     * Republican city councilman Joseph Monteleone Jr. was found guilty of fondling underage girls.     * Republican congressional aide Jeffrey Nielsen was arrested for having sex with a 14-year old boy.     * Republican County Commissioner Patrick Lee McGuire surrendered to police after allegedly molesting girls between the ages of 8 and 13.     * Republican prosecutor Larry Corrigan was arrested for soliciting sex from 13-year old girls.     * Republican Mayor Jeffrey Kyle Randall was sentenced to 275 days in jail for molesting two boys -- ages ten and 12 -- during a six-year period.     * Republican County Board Candidate Brent Schepp was charged with molesting a 14-year old girl and killed himself three days later.     * Republican Congressman Mark Foley abruptly resigned from Congress after "sexually explicit" emails surfaced showing him flirting with a 16-year old boy.     * Republican executive Randall Casseday of the conservative Washington Times newspaper pleaded guilty to soliciting sex from a 13-year old girl on the internet.     * Republican chairman of the Oregon Christian Coalition Lou Beres confessed to molesting a 13-year old girl.     * Republican County Constable Larry Dale Floyd pleaded guilty to charges of soliciting sex from an 8-year old girl. Floyd has repeatedly won elections for Denton County, Texas, constable.     * Republican judge Mark Pazuhanich pleaded no contest to fondling a 10-year old girl and was sentenced to 10 years probation.    * Republican Party leader Bobby Stumbo was arrested for having sex with a 5-year old boy.     * Republican petition drive manager Tom Randall pleaded guilty to molesting two girls under the age of 14, one of them the daughter of an associate in the petition business.     * Republican County Chairman Armando Tebano pleaded guilty to fondling a 14-year-old girl.     * Republican teacher and former city councilman John Collins pleaded guilty to sexually molesting 13 and 14 year old girls.     * Republican campaign worker Mark Seidensticker is a convicted child molester.     * Republican Mayor Philip Giordano is serving a 37-year sentence in federal prison for sexually abusing 8- and 10-year old girls.    * Republican Mayor Tom Adams was arrested for distributing child pornography over the internet.    * Republican Mayor John Gosek was arrested on charges of soliciting sex from two 15-year old girls.    * Republican County Commissioner David Swartz pleaded guilty to molesting two girls under the age of 11 and was sentenced to 8 years in prison.    * Republican legislator Edison Misla Aldarondo was sentenced to 10 years in prison for raping his daughter between the ages of 9 and 17.     * Republican Committeeman John R. Curtin was convicted of molesting an underage teenage boy and sentenced to serve six to 18 months in prison.     * Republican anti-abortion activist Howard Scott Heldreth is a convicted child rapist in Florida.     * Republican zoning supervisor, Boy Scout leader and Lutheran church president Dennis L. Rader pleaded guilty to performing a sexual act on an 11-year old girl he murdered.     * Republican anti-abortion activist Nicholas Morency pleaded guilty to possessing child pornography on his computer and offering a bounty to anybody who murders an abortion doctor.     * Republican campaign consultant Tom Shortridge was sentenced to three years probation for taking nude photographs of a 15-year old girl.    * Republican racist pedophile and United States Senator Strom Thurmond had sex with a 15-year old black girl which produced a child.    * Republican pastor Mike Hintz, whom George W. Bush commended during the 2004 presidential campaign, surrendered to police after admitting to a sexual affair with a female juvenile.    * Republican legislator Peter Dibble pleaded no contest to having an inappropriate relationship with a 13-year-old girl.    * Republican advertising consultant Carey Lee Cramer was sentenced to six years in prison for molesting two 8-year old girls, one of whom appeared in an anti-Gore television commercial.    * Republican fundraiser Lawrence E. King, Jr. organized child sex parties at the White House during the 1980s.    * Republican lobbyist Craig J. Spence organized child sex parties at the White House during the 1980s.    * Republican Congressman Donald "Buz" Lukens was found guilty of having sex with a female minor and sentenced to one month in jail.    * Republican fundraiser Richard A. Delgaudio was found guilty of child porn charges and paying two teenage girls to pose for sexual photos.    * Republican activist Mark A. Grethen convicted on six counts of sex crimes involving children.    * Republican campaign chairman Randal David Ankeney pleaded guilty to attempted sexual assault on a child and was arrested again five years later on the same charge.    * Republican Congressman Dan Crane had sex with a female minor working as a congressional page.    * Republican activist and Christian Coalition leader Beverly Russell admitted to an incestuous relationship with his step daughter.    * Republican Judge Ronald C. Kline pleaded guilty to possession of child pornography on his home computer.     * Republican congressman and anti-gay activist Robert Bauman was charged with having sex with a 16-year-old boy he picked up at a gay bar.    * Republican Committee Chairman Jeffrey Patti was arrested for distributing a video clip of a 5-year-old girl being raped.    * Republican activist Marty Glickman (a.k.a. "Republican Marty"), was taken into custody by Florida police on four counts of unlawful sexual activity with an underage girl and one count of delivering the drug LSD.    * Republican legislative aide Howard L. Brooks was charged with molesting a 12-year old boy and possession of child pornography.    * Republican Senate candidate John Hathaway was accused of having sex with his 12-year old baby sitter and withdrew his candidacy after the allegations were reported in the media.    * Republican preacher Stephen White, who demanded a return to traditional values, was sentenced prison after offering $20 to a 14-year-old boy for permission to perform oral sex on him.    * Republican talk show host Jon Matthews pleaded guilty to exposing his genitals to an 11 year old girl.    * Republican anti-gay activist Earl "Butch" Kimmerling was sentenced to 40 years in prison for molesting an 8-year old girl after he attempted to stop a gay couple from adopting her.    * Republican Party leader Paul Ingram pleaded guilty to six counts of raping his daughters and served 14 years in federal prison.    * Republican election board official Kevin Coan was sentenced to two years probation for soliciting sex over the internet from a 14-year old girl.     * Republican politician Andrew Buhr was charged with two counts of first degree sodomy with a 13-year old boy.    * Republican legislator Keith Westmoreland was arrested on seven felony counts of lewd and lascivious exhibition to girls under the age of 16 (i.e. exposing himself to children).    * Republican anti-abortion activist John Allen Burt was found guilty of molesting a 15-year old girl.     * Republican County Councilman Keola Childs pleaded guilty to molesting a male child.    * Republican activist John Butler was charged with criminal sexual assault on a teenage girl.    * Republican candidate Richard Gardner admitted to molesting his two daughters.    * Republican Councilman and former Marine Jack W. Gardner was convicted of molesting a 13-year old girl.    * Republican County Commissioner Merrill Robert Barter pleaded guilty to unlawful sexual contact and assault on a teenage boy.    * Republican City Councilman Fred C. Smeltzer, Jr. pleaded no contest to raping a 15 year-old girl and served 6-months in prison.    * Republican activist Parker J. Bena pleaded guilty to possession of child pornography on his home computer and was sentenced to 30 months in federal prison and fined $18,000.    * Republican parole board officer and former Colorado state representative, Larry Jack Schwarz, was fired after child pornography was found in his possession.    * Republican strategist and Citadel Military College graduate Robin Vanderwall was convicted in Virginia on five counts of soliciting sex from boys and girls over the internet.     * Republican city councilman Mark Harris, who is described as a "good military man" and "church goer," was convicted of repeatedly having sex with an 11-year-old girl and sentenced to 12 years in prison.     * Republican businessman Jon Grunseth withdrew his candidacy for Minnesota governor after allegations surfaced that he went swimming in the nude with four underage girls, including his daughter.     * Republican campaign worker, police officer and self-proclaimed reverend Steve Aiken was convicted of having sex with two underage girls.    * Republican director of the "Young Republican Federation" Nicholas Elizondo molested his 6-year old daughter and was sentenced to six years in prison.     * Republican president of the New York City Housing Development Corp. Russell Harding pleaded guilty to possessing child pornography on his computer.     * Republican benefactor of conservative Christian groups, Richard A. Dasen Sr., was found guilty of raping a 15-year old girl. Dasen, 62, who is married with grown children and several grandchildren, has allegedly told police that over the past decade he paid more than $1 million to have sex with a large number of young women.    * Republican Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld authorized the rape of children in Iraqi prisons in order to humiliate their parents into providing information about the anti-American insurgency. See excerpt of one prisoner's report here and his full report here. HATE MAIL:"Maybe you have no control over where they post your political bullshit but I wish they wouldn't post it on google when my 11 year old daughter is just trying to find ideas for her 12th birthday party. I am sure there are plenty of liberal fucks out there molesting children also!!!!!!! Post it where it matters in the trash!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you, a concerned mother"Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|TopWhistleblowerjustice      (8 posts)Sat Jul-25-09 01:31 PMResponse to Reply #1011.Military Sex Scandal!!!The is no justice for Whistleblowers in America, especially for Active duty military service members.  Who Im sure is exposed to military corruption everyday with all our taxpayers money going towards military defense or bailing out corrupts companies in the U.S.Take a look at this News Clip and you will see that even our own military would rather engage in a cover-up than to uphold a person's legal right to Whistle Blower Protection.....  A Congressional Committee should dig deeper into this matter and call the top Navy Brass to the Carpet on this one, "ADM Mullen and ADM Roughhead"!!!!!  http://www.10news.com/investigations/20135300/detail.ht... "POUND HER INTO THE GROUND" - VINDICTIVENAVY BRASS SET TO THROW FEMALE LCDRWHISTLEBLOWER OUT OF MILITARY - SYNEEDAPENLAND CONVICTED OF ADULTERY AND SENTTO BRIG - OFFICER ONLY EIGHT MONTHS FROMRETIREMENT - NUDE PIX USED TO HUMILIATEAFRICAN-AMERICAN - 38 YEAR-OLD WOMANILL - BEING TREATED BY CHEMOTHERAPYBy MAJ GLENN MacDONALDU.S. Army Reserve (Ret.) 2009 MilitaryCorruption.comWith all the subtlety of a pack of wild dogs chasing a wounded deer across an open field, the Navy brass are out to destroy the life and career of a minority female officer who blew the whistle on contractor fraud.Lt. Cdr. Syneeda Penland has been informed the Navy intends to kick her out of the military as of July 31, just eight months short of the former enlisted woman qualifying for an active-duty retirement pension.Unmarried Female Officer Convicted of Adultery has filed a Lawsuit to Block Her Dismissal from the Navy An unmarried female Navy officer has been ordered to be kicked out of the Navy just nine months before she would be able to retire with a full pension after a military court martial convicted her of having a sexual relationship with a married, but legally separated, male Navy officer.  Lt. Cmdr. Syneeda Penland received notice on 6 July that she must leave the Navy within three weeks.  Penland, who last year served a 60 day jail sentence in a Navy brig and paid a $9,000 fine as a result of being convicted of adultery, and two lesser related counts, will lose her pension, severance pay, and military health benefits that she earned over the past 20 years. Penland will also find civilian employment hard to come by because she is now a convicted felon  all because she was convicted of something that she would not even receive a slap in the hand for in any civilian court in the country.  Both Penland, 38, and the male officer, who was not prosecuted in the case, deny the relationship.  But even if the allegations are true, the disparity of treatment between Penland, the male officer she is accused of having been involved with, and others in similar sex scandals raises questions about the Navys commitment to gender and racial equality and the fairness of the military justice system.  Less than two years ago, a Defense Department inspector general found that a married male Navy officer, Vice Adm. John Stufflebeem, had sex with an unmarried civilian employee in a bedroom in the White House basement while he was on duty, and that he lied about the relationship when confronted by superiors. Stufflebeem was not prosecuted and was allowed to retire from the Navy with full pay and benefits. Several other male officers have been relieved of duty  but allowed to retire with full benefits after Navy investigators found that they carried on extramarital relationships, sometimes with enlisted subordinates.  Rebecca Dickinson, a married white female lieutenant commander, admitted during the trial of D.C. Madam Deborah Jeanne Palfrey that she moonlighted for her as a prostitute while working as an ethics instructor at the Naval Academy. Dickinson, who was married at the time she worked for Palfrey, was also allowed to retire with full pension and benefits.  Penland, who is black, earned numerous commendations and exemplary fitness reports while working her way up the ranks after enlisting in the Navy in 1989.  She maintains that her prosecution is at least partially based on retaliation for her complaints about financial misconduct by defense contractors that she worked with. A Navy inspector generals office substantiated several of her allegations raised against this defense contractor. Multiple Navy officers and civilian employees are also available to substantiate all or part of her allegations, but Navy officials have so far refused her efforts to be allowed to retire from the Navy. Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|TopInjustice2010      (3 posts)Wed Mar-10-10 04:03 PMResponse to Reply #1115.Minority Ex-Navy Officer Whistleblower Dissed by Chairman JCS MullenA HEARTFELT "OPEN LETTER" to, Chairman Joint Chief of Staff, ADM. MIKE MULLEN  2010 MilitaryCorruption.com Congress.org.com Picture Caption: " No Help - Minority officer, LCDR Syneeda Penland, meets then-Chief of Naval Operations, Adm. Mike Mullen at July 2007 National Naval Officers Assn. banquet in San Diego. She asked for his help and didn't get it." Dear Adm. Mullen, You failed me. That's right. You - failed - me. I was one of your naval officers who came to you for help and you turned your back. To be more specific, when I met you at the event pictured above, I tried to tell you about corruption I'd uncovered; that I was a whistleblower; and that I'd been retaliated against for my efforts. The plastic smile on your face dissolved, you dropped my hand like a hot tamale, and curtly sputtered "Good luck." Your eyes went cold and you looked to the next person in line, hoping you could forget what you'd just been told. My guess is you can't. Do you even care? When I write you "failed" me, I refer to the responsibility of a senior commander to show respect for those subordinate to him and to look out for their well-being as much as the commander's own comfort. I love the Navy just as much as you, and for more than 19 years, as first an enlisted sailor, and then officer via OCS, I served our country with honor, integrity and pride. My honor and integrity are intact, but I can't say I have much "pride" in what our Navy has become. There are supposed to be rules and regulations, to say nothing of federal law on the books, to protect "whistleblowers" like myself. Instead of protection, this officer's warnings and complaints about contractor fraud resulted in my being railroaded into the Brig on a specious conviction for "adultery." As you read this, I have been separated from the Navy, lost my pension and benefits a few months shy of qualification, and now am ill and enduring chemotherapy treatments. My only recourse is to obtain what medical care I can at the local VA hospital. I've become a victim of the Navy's "Good Old Boy" system. By the "inconvenient truth" I tried to bring forward, those who operate in darkness and seek to cheat and defraud the government have banded together to destroy me and make this 38 year-old ex-naval officer an "example" to behold. Well, my spirit is unbroken. My faith in God firm. I will fight to my final breath for justice in this case. One of the things that hurts me the most is to see how hypocritical the Navy is when it comes to punishment when the charge is of a sexual nature. Take for example, the case of Adm. John Stufflebeam, who was found guilty of sexual misconduct, which included liaisons with women, while he stayed at the White House. You see, Stufflebeam was military aide to then-President George H. W. Bush. "Boomer," as he is nick-named, a Naval Academy graduate, ended up losing one star off his rank, but he still got to retire on a sizeable pension. I'm sure you remember LCDR Rebecca Dickinson. Among other duties, she taught "ethics" at the Naval Academy. An investigation discovered she had been a high-price whore for the "D.C. Madam." Dickinson wore a naval officer's uniform by day, but nothing at all at night, as she turned tricks with foreign diplomats, U.S. officials, high-ranking military officers, and even an editor at the Army TIMES. She committed adultery, conduct unbecoming an officer, numerous income tax violations, and may have compromised herself to enemy intelligence agents. And what was her punishment? It depends on who you talk to. Both Navy TIMES and MilitaryCorruption.com - which broke the story in the first place - were told by two different Pentagon public affairs officers that hooker Dickinson had been allowed to retire "in-grade." As quick as you can spin on a dime, the Pentagon was back to say the lieut. commander was retired one grade lower, in the rank of lieutenant. Who's telling the truth here? I put my trust and faith in MilitaryCorruption.com, as they have no reason to lie, like the Pentagon has. Dickinson's crimes were serious indeed, but she was never tossed in the Brig, her pension denied her. For all we know, she may be laughing all the way to the bank. The third and perhaps most egregious example of a double-standard and lack of (at least so far) justice, the shocking case of Capt. Holly Graf. Here's yet another Academy "ring-knocker," if you will, who media reports depict as a sort of female Captain Bligh, When you get relieved of command of a United States warship for "cruelty and maltreatment" of your crew; when you endanger the lives of your sailors and another ship drag-racing at sea (coming within 300 feet of collision at 32 knots); when you falsify the ship's log numerous times; run over a whale without reporting it; spit in a sailor's face; insult officers of the both the Australian and British Navy; throw coffee cups - ceramic ones - at junior officers' heads; and even go to the extent of physically assaulting a subordinate officer by choking him with your hands around his neck, why is it Graf's punishment, other than being relieved of command, practically non-existant? Will Holly get to keep her rank despite a myriad of crimes and poor performance? Does she collect her fat pension after 25 years of active duty? The point I'm making is, all during the time you were chief of naval operations (CNO) , and now chairman of the Joint Chiefs, this double-standard of justice has been permitted to occur. Why is that? Now I have to speak out on an issue I am sure you would rather not face. That is the established fact that despite the date being 2010, an undercurrent of racism in the U.S. Navy exists. All the examples I've cited to you above are of Caucasian officers, male and female. Being a minority member, a woman of color in what some have called a Navy with deeply ingrained attitudes about race, I feel I would have been treated better if I were not Black. I doubt, if I was the same skin color of Holly Graf, I would have been put in the Brig for "adultery," This letter is one last call for help to the most powerful naval officer in America. I ask you to order an investigation - a real one - into my allegations of contractor fraud and the farce that was my court-martial. I am presently facing financial ruin, my home is in foreclosure, all I have is the V.A. for medical care, and I am fighting for my life against a serious illness. I want my many friends out there to know I am still alive, and will continue my long, lonely fight for real justice. Thank you for your prayers. You, Admiral Mullen, have one more chance to make things right. Will you rise to that occasion? I pray you do. Respectfully Syneeda Penland (former LCDR, U.S, Navy) MilitaryCorruption.com Related Stories NAVY SUPPLY OFFICER CONVICTED OF ADULTERY FEMALE LT COMMANDER GETS 60 DAYS IN BRIGFINED TWO MONTH'S PAY - SYNEEDA PENLAND BLEW WHISTLE ON "FINANCIAL MISCONDUCT" AT SAN DIEGO'S NAVY EXPEDITIONARY COMBAT COMMAND - DID TOP BRASS TARGET HER FOR "RETALIATION?" - OFFICER HAS 19 YEARS SERVICE COULD LOSE PENSION AND BENEFITS - OCS GRAD REFUSED "GOING TO MAST" - WOULDN'T TAKE NJP "POUND HER INTO THE GROUND"  VINDICTIVE NAVY BRASS SET TO THROW FEMALE LCDR WHISTLEBLOWER OUT OF MILITARY  SYNEEDA PENLAND CONVICTED OF ADULTERY AND SENT TO BRIG - OFFICER ONLY EIGHT MONTHS FROM RETIREMENT - NUDE PIX USED TO HUMILIATE AFRICAN-AMERICAN - 38 YEAR-OLD WOMAN ILL - BEING TREATED BY CHEMOTHERAPY HEIGHT OF HYPOCRISY - TWO FEMALE LCMDRS ONE A "WHISTLE-BLOWER" SENT TO BRIG ON "ADULTERY" RAP - THE OTHER, A WHORE FOR THE "D.C. MADAM" - SYNEEDA PENLAND SERIOUSLY ILL - EIGHT MONTHS SHORT OF RETIREMENT  TO BE KICKED OUT OF NAVY AT MONTH'S END REBECCA DICKINSON SAID TO HAVE SLEPT WITH "FOUR-STRIPERS" AND AT LEAST ONE ADMIRAL GETS PENSION AND NO PUNISHMENT TO KEEP HER MOUTH SHUT - WHERE IS THE "JUSTICE?" EXCLUSIVE FEMALE "CAPTAIN BLIGH" FIRED AS SKIPPER OF USS COWPENS - CAPT. HOLLY GRAF TAKEN TO ADMIRAL'S MAST - FOUND GUILTY OF "CRUELTY AND MALTREATMENT" OF CREW - FOUL-MOUTHED MARTINET A NAVAL ACADEMY GRAD  ALLOWED TO CONTINUE CAREER WITH NEW PENTAGON ASSIGNMENT - MILITARYCORRUPTION.COM HAS LEARNED "MALICIOUS" AND "OUT-OF-CONTROL" OFFICER GRABBED CREW MEMBER BY THROAT WILL "POLITICAL-CORRECTNESS" SAVE THIS ARROGANT "RING-KNOCKER" FROM RETIREMENT?Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|Topclarence swinney      (673 posts)Wed Aug-12-09 02:42 PMResponse to Original message12.bob livingstonmultiple hits on aidesTim Hutchinson--shacked up with aide and finally broke up family and married her. Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|Topmlevitt      (8 posts)Wed Sep-02-09 11:13 PMResponse to Original message13.And your point is?Edited on Wed Sep-02-09 11:14 PM by mlevittI thought Mr. Bill and his supporters taught us that consensual sex is no one's business... until you are convicted of perjury. Democrats always have hotter chicks.Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|TopAncientAtBirth666      (25 posts)Sun Sep-06-09 08:40 PMResponse to Original message14.That photo = epic win!HAHAHAHA!!!Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|TopJoeyTrib      (74 posts)Fri Mar-12-10 11:22 PMResponse to Original message16.That's a long list.Printer Friendly|Permalink|Reply|TopDU AdBot (1000+ posts)     Sun Jan 09th 2011, 11:03 PM      Response to Original messageAdvertisements [?]Top Big Forums |-- Latest Breaking News |-- Editorials & Other Articles |-- Political Videos |-- General Discussion |-- General Discussion: Presidency |-- The DU Lounge |-- Ask the Administrators Forum Categories |-- Topic Forums |-- Places |-- DU Groups |-- Archives My ForumsHomeDiscuss Topic ForumsDemocratsPowered by DCForum+ Version 1.1 Copyright 1997-2002 DCScripts.comSoftware has been extensively modified by the DU administratorsImportant Notices: By participating on this discussion   board, visitors agree to abide by the rules outlined on our Rules   page. Messages posted on the Democratic Underground Discussion Forums are the   opinions of the individuals who post them, and do not necessarily represent   the opinions of Democratic Underground, LLC.Home   | Discussion   Forums | Journals| Store   | DonateAboutDU    | ContactUs  |  PrivacyPolicyGot a message for Democratic Underground? Click   here to send us a message. 2001 - 2010 Democratic Underground,   LLC