Why the rich get richer and poor get poorer / The Secret of Oz...  (HD) Length 1 hour 50 min // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 83Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 03, 2011| 40 commentsWhy the rich get richer and poor get poorer / The Secret of Oz...  (HD) Length 1 hour 50 minsource: http://www.youtube.com/v/U71-KsDArFM?fs=1&ampAn error occurred while setting up video display.gerardange added thisIt's probably the oldest question in capitalism. Make no mistake, there are a myriad of reasons why the rich get richer and the poor get poorer, and only a few apply to any one instance. That doesn't prevent generalization from being made. The defenders of the status quo explain it as thus:  The rich get richer and the poor get poorer because the rich learn to become stewards of the talents given to them. The poor have squandered their talents and are not given more.  Clean and simple. The poor are poor because they've brought it upon themselves. The rich are just better than you. Case closed. It's a very convenient philosophy if you're rich. In reality there is only one reason for the growing wealth disparity that applies to practically every instance, and it isn't because one group is better, or smarter, or more amoral than another group.  It's not a hidden secret. Everyone is aware of it, but few understand it as well as they think they do.This long and information-packed movie goes into more detail.Go to the full article:http://www.dailykos.com/story/2011/1/3/933143/-Why-the-rich-get-richer-and-poor-... groups:News, News and Politics, US Politics, Collective Journalism, Law and Justice, Submit story ideas "ripped from the headlines." 2 moretags:Economy,Money,Collective Journalism,Documentary,Economics,Jobs,Gold,Wealth,corrupt government,Corrupt Politics,Silver,dollar collapse,Ecomomic Crisis,currencies,Corrupt Bankers 11 more|40 comments// Why the rich get richer and poor get poorer / The Secret of Oz...  (HD) Length 1 hour 50 min // Videohide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0Mikey_Pogoloffthe universe is a conspiracy theory, mannnnnnnnnn!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffHFjlqIzKE 5 days agoflag  reply0Robotic091i found it intresting i like history and wizard of OZ, i always thought the metaphor between OZ and the gold/silver aurguement was kool, but never took the time to read up more on the subject. 5 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlkMore wacky conspiracy theories to justify peoples failures.  I am starting to think the only real growth industry in this country anymore is the conspiracy theory publishing industry...  Everyone is looking for an excuse to explain why they aren't rich and successful.  So there is a conspiracy theory for everyone to glom onto to explain their failure.  It's all bullshit.  Work hard and you can still succede in this nation.  Sit on your ass and whine about how the cards are stacked against you and you will go nowhere. 6 days agoflag  reply+2Mikey_Pogoloff  MrMxyzptlk:Yes the maker of this film could be considered fringe "conspiracy theorist," he also made the film The Money Masters.  However the film is addressing lots of perfectly sound monetary issues, it just clearly comes with a slant.  "Conspiracy theory" is such a vacuous term it doesn't really mean anything, and no one in the CT film industry is getting fabulously wealthy that is just ridiculous.  Bankers engorge themselves with fantastical bonuses and you want to harp on how much a guy criticizing that is making off this documentary?  I have linked in a comment below to a heavyweight professional economist commenting on similar issues.  Politicians across the political spectrum (R),(D), and (I) have spoken out on this issue, although not enough.  There are plenty of academics who have criticized our terrible monetary system, you can't undercut it all by saying it's conspiracy theory.  You can glean good information from all kinds of sources, as long as you take it with a grain of salt and do your own research.  I am doing just fine I don't need any excuse.  I am more worried about the people being driven into terrible poverty and human suffering at the expense of a bunch of fraudulent bankers. 5 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  Mikey_Pogoloff:Wow, so many gaping holes in your logic... where to start...First off, conspiracy theories aren't supposed to make you rich, they just give you reasons to justify your failures.  However selling people on conspiracy theories is not a bad way to keep a roof over your head.  Most of these groups have a handful of publsihers who provide the membership with books, videos and pamplets about the conspiracy and like I said, they wont get rich but they keep a roof over their heads.  Often they see themselves as victims of the conspiracy too.  They think if it wern't for the conspiracy their talents would have taken them to Hollywood where they would be rich and famous.  Truth is they just suck and no one will pay them real money for their substandard products.Second, every good conspiracy theory that lasts will always be able to link into reality at certain points.  Finding a clip of a politician who says something that when taken out of context can support your conspiracy theory is SOP.  Especialy when that politician goes back on what he said at a later time, then that's proof that "THEY" got to him!  Third, if you are doing fine and don't feel the need to justify your failures by hiding behind a conspiracy theory then why shovel this shit around?  If you are doing well then clearly you are willing to work hard and get shit done.  You should know that the people sitting on their asses griping about the conspiracy against whatever group they belong could fix thier situations if only they worked as hard as you did. 5 days agoflag  reply+2Robotic091  MrMxyzptlk:That doesn't change the fact that there are times in history where banks, bankers, or some form of very well off people try to influence the government to work in their intrests. and i do not agree with everything in this documentary; but it strikes at a issue that very few people have a comment for, let alone just understanding there is a problem. 5 days agoflag  reply+1Mikey_Pogoloff  MrMxyzptlk:Wow so many words and so little substance.  Where to start?  I'm not shoveling this shit around at all.  In fact I'm trying to point observers in a generally better, and more scholarly direction if they are interested in monetary, economic, and banking issues.  Corruption in the financial sector is not a conspiracy theory.  I'm sure I could undercut many of you're beliefs by calling them a conspiracy theory, but that would just be intellectual cowardice.  Yes I am doing well and I do work hard at what I do.  Studying history, political philosophy, and economics.I agree with your general assessment that a lot of people overstate conspiracy, and live an apathetic life because of it.  But it sure seems to me that you are willing to extend this frame of thought to anything you see as right or wrong.  Wrong=conspiracy theory in your eyes, and vice versa.  According to you AGW is a "conspiracy theory" of a majority of climate scientists globally conspiring to lie.  Put your tin foil hat on.  See how that works?  The term means nothing.  You probably think systematic racism/sexism is a "conspiracy theory" too.  If women and minorities would just stop complaining about the "conspiracy" against them they would be doing fine.  It's all that complaining that makes women earn .77 cents to the dollar, right?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2DRm5ES-uA 5 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  Mikey_Pogoloff:Well, the last time I got that much pissed offness from a fellow was when I argued that Obama really is a US Citzen.  You're in good company there with your wacky conspiracies. 5 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  Robotic091:Then why don't they just say that?  Why wrap it in all the wacky?  The real problem is you are describing the human condition.  But it's like griping that we have an appendix.  Why bother?  It's just how it is. 5 days agoflag  reply0Mikey_Pogoloff  MrMxyzptlk:Oh please, and you believe we didn't go to the moon too along with your AGW conspiracy crap?  I could care less if Obama is a citizen, or if elvis is an alien.  Age old tactic, it really gets old.  If you have a problem with this documentary point out some specific facts, that would be a lot more helpful for everyone.  I'm sure there are some glaring errors, make them known rather than just whining.  Got that much pissed offness?  Did you really just say that? 5 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  Mikey_Pogoloff:I'm not the one tossing government conspiracies around here.  That's your job.  I pretty much take things at face value.  The US sent men to the moon, the climate changes without our help, Obama was born in Hawaii and Elvis is alive in a rest home in East Texas.  Or at least he was as of 2002 when he fought that ancient egyptian mummy...  Not sure if he didn't kick it by now.  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0281686/My problem with this "documentary" and others like them is it ignores that all this is a result of our basic monkey nature and tries to place blame for the failings of most on the shoulders of others who are just doing what comes naturaly, working hard and fucking over the other monkeys.  So instead of looking within to solve their problems loosers spend their time seeing "the man" out there keeping them down.  All you are doing is perpetuating the situation.  Not solving it. 5 days agoflag  reply0DominiqueSGoodwinGreat documentary 6 days agoflag  reply+2mybolognaGreat documentary. Power to the people, not the bankers. 6 days agoflag  reply0artemis6This is great , thanks ! 6 days agoflag  reply0galwaymanEAT THE RICH! Squash them like the cockroaches they are! 6 days agoflag  reply0musicjohnny  galwayman:And then the poor will be left eating cockroaches because all the jobs are gone. Funny how that works... 5 days agoflag  reply+2Mikey_PogoloffIt is unfortunate that this is seen as more of a "conservative/libertarian" issue.  Outside of former congressman Alan Grayson and Dennis Kucinich, not a lot of democrats understand and speak out against the fed.  We don't need to have the fed at all, as discussed at the 5:00 mark in the video.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lY0hUBBSXOohttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greenback_Partyhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Hudson_(economist)http://www.monetary.org/ 6 days agoflag  reply+2jubal"Beat your swords into plough shears" is from the Bible. Do you honestly think that the flag of communism having the plough shear on it was an accident? 6 days agoflag  reply+3jubalCommunism is true Christianity in action...without the fucking Politburo or representatives....true democracy is communism and capitalism is the true evil.Watch the movie "The Mission" with Jeremy Irons and Robert De Niro and you will see true communism as Christianity in action...they made money but they all the profits were distributed to all the workers instead of one rich fucking land owner.You will see how the Vatican and the Kings were in collusion to destroy any vestige of true Christian Communism....only it wasn't called communism then...it was called "The Mission".Watch how the Kings of Spain and Portugal and the Vatican collude to destroy the missions and enslave the Guarani Indians for economic gain. 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  jubal:Communism = Christianity...Well they both are really dumb ideas...  So I guess that works. 6 days agoflag  reply0Mikey_Pogoloff  jubal:Hey have you ever heard of the Jewish Jubilee?  It is a part of an ancient tradition that goes back even further to Babylonian times of cycles of debt cancelation and land redistribution:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pwAFohWBL4http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jubilee_(biblical) 5 days agoflag  reply+2jubalThe rich get richer and the poor get poorer because its a giant pyramid scheme of corruption. The more corrupt you are the higher up in the pyramid you get to be and the more you rake in the cash. 6 days agoflag  reply+2Robotic091"[We] must keep the people busy with the political antagonisms. We'll therefore speed up the question of reform [ of tariffs within] the democratic party; and we'll put the spotlight on the question of protection .... [for] the republican party."  (US bankers magizine 1892 jan-feb)   about an hour into the doc.That part really caught my attendtion, thats why i love/hate history it teaches you lessons that we as a culture already forgot and seem to refuse to learn the easy way. Instead we go straight to the hard taught lesson of expirencing it for ourselves. 6 days agoflag  reply+4kennymotownFinished watching the movie, jammed pact with good info! So what are we waiting for the Government needs to take into their own hands printing greenbacks once again. NO MORE DEBT MONEY from the FED! 6 days agoflag  reply+3EdJoyProductionsMy favorite quote, "we will treat it like religion".   It makes any insanity possible with few that question the validity."We must keep the people busy with political antagonisms."  Remind you of anything?  :D 6 days agoflag  reply+4keithponderhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6j9wuI6znU&feature=relatedBirth Certificates Traded On NYSE Stock Exchange - How Much Is Your's Worth? Who Owns You?? 6 days agoflag  reply+4keithponderThe Wizard of Oz was an allegory.I've known this for years. 6 days agoflag  reply+4keithponderPAGE 2The Federal ReserveBetween 1916 and 1933, most of America's gold was rounded up by the private (not federal) Federal Reserve Bank and shipped off to Fed owners in England, France, and Germany. The reason for this was the use of Federal Reserve Notes carried an interest penalty which could only be paid in gold. Our previous currency, United States Notes, carried no such interest requirement  but such was the bargain which came with the Federal Reserve Notes. When bankruptcy was declared in 1933, Americans were required to turn in all gold coin, gold bullion, and gold certificates by May the 1st-May Day, the birthday of Communism in 1776. Talking to people who were alive at the time, you may find out the general sentiment toward such thievery bordered on a second revolution. Maybe it was just too much of a clue, or too much salt in the wound for Dorothy to be skipping down the "Yellow Brick Road" in a pair of "Silver Slippers" so, for whatever reason a color less likely to annoy or provoke was selected. With regard to the choice of "Ruby," or red-colored, Slippers, one explanation is this: On documents and the like, Red is a very significant color. It signifies "Private" as opposed to "Public." Your new Social Security Card has a red serial number on the reverse. The red Registered Mail sticker is "United States Post Office Department  all other mail is "United States Postal Service."No matter what the color of Dorothy's shoes were in the Movie, the Wicked Witch of the West had big plans to get her hands on the Slippers before Dorothy and crew could make it to the Emerald City.Her tactic was to drug them all into unconsciousness by covering the countryside with poppy flowers, or "poppies," the source of heroin, opium, and morphine, and then just waltz in and snatch the Slippers. In other words, the best way to boost the gold was to somehow dull the senses of the American people (Note: LSD was created in 1939 by Dr. Albert Hoffman). The poppies/drugs worked on Dorothy, the Lion and Toto, the flesh-and-blood entities, but had no effect on the Scarecrow or the Tin Man, the artificial entities. The two of them cried out for help and Glenda, the Good Witch of the North, answered their prayers with a blanket of snow and nullified the narcotic effect of the poppies on Dorothy, the Lion and Toto.The Wicked Witch of the West made her home in a round, medieval watchtower, ancient symbol of the Kings and Nobles. The Wicked Witch of the West was also dressed in black, the color symbolizing the planet Saturn, and the color of choice of judges and priests for their robes. Who was the Wicked Witch of the West? Remember, in the first part of the film her counterpart was "Almira Gulch," who, according to Aunt Em, "owned half the county." Miss Gulch alleged Dorothy's dog, Toto, had bitten her. She came to the farm with an "Order from the Sheriff demanding they surrender Toto to her custody. Aunt Em was not immediately cooperative, and answered Miss Gulch's allegations Toto had bitten her:"He's really gentle. With gentle people."Could "gentle" really mean "Gentile"? When Miss Gulch defied them to withhold Toto and "go against the law," dear old Aunt Ern was relegated to "pushing the Party line" for Big Brother. She dutifully succumbed to the pressure and counseled Dorothy reluctantly:"We can't go against the law, Dorothy. I'm afraid poor Toto will have to go."When Dorothy refused to surrender Toto, Miss Gulch lashed out:"If you don't hand over the dog I'll bring a damned suit which'll take your whole farm." The Wicked Witch of the West wanted the Silver Slippers  the precious metals  and her counterpart, Miss Gulch, wanted to take Toto. What does the word "toto" mean in "attorney language," i.e. Latin? "Everything!"The Wizard's KnowledgeDorothy and the gang fell for the Wizard's illusion in the beginning, but soon wised up and discovered the Wizard for what he was: a confidence man. When asked about helping the Scarecrow/Strawman, among other babbling's about "getting a brain" and "universities" the Wizard also cited "the land of "E Pluhbus Unum," which is Latin for "One out of many." i.e, converting the many into one = New World Order. Novus Ordo Seclorum  Latin for New Order of the Ages or more commonly known as the New World Order  a Latin phrase placed on the American One Dollar Bill shortly after the bankruptcy. He also proudly revealed/confessed he was:.The RemedyWhen Dorothy asked Glenda, the Good Witch of the North (Santa Claus, Christianity) for help in getting back to Kansas Glenda replied:"You don't need to be helped. You've always had the power to go back to Kansas."Translation: You've always had the right and power to reclaim your sovereignty, you just forgot The actual act of reclaiming your sovereignty  Emancipation2 Remedy  a simple process which can be completed from scratch in a few hours.America and Americans have intimate, firsthand knowledge of the heartless mechanics of the laws of commerce, religiously applied by the unregistered foreign agents at the Internal Revenue Service and the Federal Reserve. The IRS, a private collection agency for the private Federal Reserve Bank, was constituted under the UCC in 1954 and has been operating strictly in this realm ever since.You may have wondered what is the meaning behind the words in the title "The Wizard of Oz." Look them up in a dictionary. Like almost everything else, its right out there in the open for you to see if you will just look closely enough.One definition of 'wizard' is:"a person of high professional skill or knowledge.""0Z" is an abbreviation of "onza," o-n-z-a, the Italian word for "ounce," or "ounces." 6 days agoflag  reply+2keithponderhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dd8qsp83ha4Have you seen the Wizard of Oz? The Wizard of Oz Reveals the Lies, Deceit, and Conspiracy by the U.S. Government========================================================= After the bankruptcy, Kansas was no longer just "plain old Kansas"  it was now "KS," a new artificial corporate venue of the bankrupt United States, newly established "federal territory," part of the "Federal Zone," and Dorothy and Toto were "in this state".The StrawmanIn the 1930s, the all  capital letters  written strawman, newly created artificial aspect of the former American sovereigns, had no brain and Americans were too confused and distracted by all the commotion to figure out they even had a strawman (the Scarecrow). The Scarecrow identified his strawman persona for Dorothy:"Some people without brains do an awful lot of talking, Of course, I'm not bright, about doing things."In the Scarecrow's classic song, "If I Only had a Brain," the Scarecrow/Strawman succinctly augured:"I'd unravel every riddle, For every 'individual'in trouble, or in pain."Translation: Once you discover your strawman exists, all political and legal mysteries, complexities, and confusions are resolved and once you takes title to your strawman, he can protect himself from any legal trouble or legal damage.The TIN ManThe Tin Man, or "T-I-N"  Taxpayer Identification Number  Man, was a hollow man of metal, a "vessel," or "vehicle," newly created commercial code words for the strawman. Just like the Strawman had no brain, the Tin Man vessel had no heart. Both of these creations were "artificial persons."One of the definitions of "tin" in Webster's is "counterfeit." The Tin Man also represented the mechanical and heartless aspect of commerce and commercial law. Just like they say in the Mafia: "Nothing personal  it's just business." The heartless Tin Man also carried an ax, traditional symbol for god (modern commercial law) in most earlier dominant civilizations, including fascist states. In the words of the Tin Man, expressing relief after Dorothy had oiled his arm:"I've held this ax up for ages."The word "Ace" is etymologically related to the word "ax," and in a deck of cards the only one above the King is the Ace, i.e. God. One of the "Axis" Powers of World War II, Italy, was a fascist state. The symbol for fascism is the "fasces," a bundle of rods with an ax bound up in the middle and its blade projecting. The fasces may be found on the reverse of the American Mercury-head Dime (the Roman deity Mercury was the God of Commerce), and on the wall behind, and on each side of, the Speaker's podium in the U.S. Senate (each gold fasces is approximately six feet in height). At the base of the Seal of the U.S. Senate are two crossed fasces.The LionThe Lion, "king of beasts," or "king of animalism (some members of society regard you as nothing more than an animal, principally "cattle")  a denigration in itself  representing the once-fearless American people, had lost his courage. After your first round with the UCC-constituted IRS "defending" your T-I-N man, dummy corporation vessel/vehicle, individual-employee, public corporation all-capital letters-written name artificial person strawman, you probably lost some of your courage too. You didn't know it, but the IRS has been dealing with you strictly under the laws of commerce. Just like the Tin Man, commerce is heartless.The WizardTo find the Wizard you had to "follow the yellow brick road," i.e. follow the trail of America's stolen gold and you will find the thief who stole it. In the beginning of the movie the Wizard was represented by the traveling mystic, "Professor Marvel," whom Dorothy encountered when she ran away with Toto. His macabre shingle touted he was "Acclaimed By The Crowned Heads of Europe, Past, Present, and Future." Boy, Professor Marvel must have been a regular wizard to be acclaimed by the future Crowned Heads of Europe  before they were even crowned! Before the international bankers stole America, they had long since dis-empowered the Christian monarchies of Europe and looted their kingdoms. Maybe this "Professor Marvel" fellow knew something about the future other people didn't. With a human skull peering down from its painted perch above the door inside his wagon, the good Professor lectured Dorothy of the priests of lsis, Osiris, and the days of the Pharaohs of Egypt.Gold and SilverPAGE 1 6 days agoflag  reply+2figgdimension  keithponder:I'm impressed 6 days agoflag  reply+3keithponder  figgdimension:brother figg, when I began to study Uniform Commercial Code 5 years ago, I lost  90% of my friendships because I no longer had time for bullshit. We've become a nation of suckers because we'd rather be entertain as opposed to educated. I don't waste my time watching TV anymore because I'm fully aware of this great heist that's taking place in AMERICA today. People that allow themselves to get caught up in this ridiculous LIBERALS vs. CONSERVATIVE staged play are the biggest suckers of them all.Wake up Sheeple. 6 days agoflag  reply0vicgaleach of us have the option not to play the monetary game as it exists today... or do we? 6 days agoflag  reply0figgdimensiondamn it is packed and some of the speakers should consider writing 6 days agoflag  reply0figgdimensionlooks interesting ....I like the Original Oz so.... 6 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  figgdimension:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZR64EF3OpAbrother figg, when I began to study Uniform Commercial Code 5 years ago, I lost  90% of my friendships because I no longer had time for bullshit. We've become a nation of suckers because we'd rather be entertain as opposed to educated. I don't waste my time watching TV anymore because I'm fully aware of the great heist that's taking place in AMERICA today. People that allow themselves to get caught up in this ridiculous LIBERALS vs. CONSERVATIVE staged play are the biggest suckers of them all.The Wicked Witch of the West (The Federal Reserve/ IRS) wanted Toto (Total/Everything). At the end of the movie after Dorothy threw the water on her, and she melted, they found Oz, then she told Oz what happened to the witch, and his response was "so you LIQUIDATED". Now if the movie was just a silly play, why would he have used business terminology in the movie ?Wake up Sheeple. 6 days agoflag  reply+2keithponder  figgdimension:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RG2keYgBiZc&feature=related(Poppies) Heroin coming in from Afghanistan & (Snow) cocaine coming in from Latin America. The Wizard of Oz was riddle that only a few will figure out because most of us are under the spell of FEAR ! 6 days agoflag  reply+1s_peak  keithponder:AND it plays perfectly with Dark side of the moon! (or is it the wall?) Brilliant. I never realized any of that symbolism. Truth be told, I haven't even ever watched it all the way through... but I will now.You already know I agree that the divisive nature of Liberal VS. Conservative or X Vs. Y... is a huge problem. Unity is the greatest enemy of the state.Good post. 6 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  s_peak:My brother. 5 days agoflag  reply+8ThatCrazyLibertarian"I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies. If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their currency, first by inflation, then by deflation, the banks and corporations that will grow up around [the banks] will deprive the people of all property until their children wake-up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered. The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the people, to whom it properly belongs." Thomas Jefferson 6 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotownThis should be good, I'll give a view! Thanks. 6 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  14 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  40 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  43 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  59 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog