Establishment Republicans Introduce Bill to Criminalize Wikileaks // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 220Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 10, 2010| 74 commentsEstablishment Republicans Introduce Bill to Criminalize Wikileakssource: http://globalpoliticalawakening.blogspot.com/2010/12/establishment-republicans-introduce.htmlAn error occurred while setting up video display.GLOBALPOLITICAL added thisNew York Rep. Peter King has exploited the hysteria surrounding the Wikileaks case to introduce legislation to make it illegal to publish the names of American intelligence sources who provide information to the US military or intelligence community, according to Homeland Security Today.King has called Assange a terrorist and demands Eric Holder and the Justice Department deal with him.HR 6506, called the SHIELD Act (Securing Human Intelligence and Enforcing Lawful Dissemination), is a companion bill to a Senate bill introduced earlier this month by senators Joseph Lieberman (I-Conn.), John Ensign (R-Nev.), and Scott Brown (R-Mass.). Both bills would amend U.S. Code Title 18 Section 798, also called the Espionage Act, to provide legal protections that already apply to communications intelligence to human intelligence sources.Julian Assange and his cronies, in their effort to hinder our war efforts, are creating a hit list for our enemies by publishing the names of our human intelligence sources, Ensign said in a statement. Our sources are bravely risking their lives when they stand up against the tyranny of al Qaeda, the Taliban, and murderous regimes, and I simply will not stand idly by as they become death targets because of Julian Assange. Let me be very clear, Wikileaks is not a whistleblower website and Assange is not a journalist.groups:News, Politics, US Politics, Opinion, InfoWars, Civil Liberties, NWO, Fight the NWO, USA NEWS, Orwellian Nightmare, Government Abuse of Power, Government, US Government 9 moretags:Sarah Palin,Wikileaks,Julian Assange,Internet Control |74 comments// Establishment Republicans Introduce Bill to Criminalize Wikileakshide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0carslutIt's just another photo op for them. Lowdown politicians. As bad as lawyers. 29 days agoflag  reply+2sound5ystemI hope Sarah Palin gets assassinated....in my opinion. 29 days agoflag  reply-12hellnwait  sound5ystem:Ah, a typical apoplectic progressive expression. . . commonly unable to cope with diversity 28 days agoflag  reply+2SaladinAnd these were supposed to be the Republican new bloods?They seem awfully similar to the last bunch of authoritarian fuckheads.No, I take that back. They seem a lot worse. 29 days agoflag  reply-1Dagum  Saladin:In all  fairness the "new bloods" aren't seated until January. It's the same people from the 111th  Nancy Pelozi congress pulling this. 29 days agoflag  reply+1Saladin  Dagum:I have to admit, I'm operating under false pretenses.There is no "new blood" in my opinion. I'm not that dumb. These people are all the same.Still disgusting though. Why in the hell do people keep reelecting Lieberman? 29 days agoflag  reply-1Dagum  Saladin:Why he keeps getting elected is beyond me. I can't think of any political persuasion that would find Joe lieberman  appealing. Maybe the people of Connecticut vote for him out of habit.I know in the state where I live the elderly voters love pork. I overheard a discussion by some old folks about  how they dislike Senator X and much preferred his primary challenger. But despite detesting Senator X and his polices, they voted for him anyway, because he was a Senior Senator on a powerful committee and had a  good track record of earmarking federal money for projects in the state. It seems an odd way to vote, but the baby boomer generation doesn't necessarily  care about principles, all they care about is bringing home the bacon. And these greedy old fucks are the ones who vote politicians that they personally and politically loathe into office for promise of federally funded rewards. 29 days agoflag  reply0coxian_armadaI don't like how people overuse the word "terrorist" here, it almost lost its meaning. 30 days agoflag  reply+3PressCoreWow. You know this same type of slanderous Criminal Libel must beunprecdented in American History before now, right ? And all thosefolks who were burned at the stake during colonial times being falsely accused as Witches in Salem, Massachusetts ...You know those who were presumed guilty until proven innocent so long as someone falsely accused them of such an emotionaly loaded slander that they'd react with mob hysteria, then shoot first and ask questions of the dead later..That could never happen in America, right ? And during the Cold Warin the 1950s, whenever some politician wanted to use his words asweapons to further repression, they would never Slander anyone asa Communist, because Discrimination in equal employment opportunityby blacklisting, that could never happen in America either, right ? This Fascist pig who's disgraced our home State of New York, can't be an honest lawyer, if he's a lawyer at all, because if he were, he'd knowthat deiliberate, malicious Criminal Libel per se is an unclassified Felonyagainst our laws. (meaning it's a class E Felony punishable by minimum1 year to maximum 4 years in a New York Prison, ). And worse, beinga Felony, it qualifies as part of the Racketeering pattern of crimes.Also, assumably not being a lawyer, he wouldn't know that the SupremeCourt has ruled that " reckless disregard for the truth or falsity of anydefamation constitutes actual malice", even for a public figure like him.Odd isn't it ? That the Racketeering profile of mass Murder 1 in Afghanistanis exactly what Julian Assange is combating by blowing the whistle onthe Corporate Gummint.., That this Fascist Rep. who attempts to defendthe Corporate Gummint's "privilege" to use Americans as cannon fodderand to kill civilian non combatants in War Crimes or be killed, somehow hasthe moral high ground to himself back the CIA's terrorism, yet projectthat slanderous Criminal Libel on the one man who oppossed this Tryany.What the Fascist Rep disgracing New York is defending is CorporateGummint Slavery of us, and Piracy for the Corporations who've bought& paid fpr his seat. His puppetmasters own HIS ass, but they don't won mine.Have you folks ever seen the photo of the Chinese citizen who stood alonein front of the tank at Tienamin Square in the early 1990s ? Julian vs the Juggernaut War Machine. The one we never wanted, but the one we wereforced to work to pay for anyway. Because to this Fascist Rep. we are onlya nation of unmoneyed slaves or the privileged few, overrun by invaders.No secret that Mr. Fascist Rep. wanted to board the gravy train which theinternatnational cartel of Banksters' Fed has printed up $14 Billion of boguscurrency for him to get his cut to lavish on himself so that he can pretend he'sa Corporate Gummint pit bull so concerned about our Liberty & Justice. Barf. 30 days agoflag  reply-2VierotchkaThat's sort of putting the cart before the horse, and closing the stable door after the horse has bolted. 30 days agoflag  reply+1sffsmessiahway to make yourself a target for hackers 1 month agoflag  reply-3BoB__YandenberlomDoesn't matter, Obama would not sign this. 1 month agoflag  reply-2freecrack  BoB__Yandenberlom:like tax cuts for the rich? 29 days agoflag  reply+1Perplexed_Rapture  BoB__Yandenberlom:even if he didnt sign it, which, I'm pretty sure Obama isn't saying YEAH GO TEAM ASSANGE!, they can over rule him. 29 days agoflag  reply+3PressCorehttp://money.shHey MILF fans everywhere. THAT is the real monster they call Palin the Saracuda. The photo you see depicted above shows her fugly,malicious attack dog face without the fascade of her smiling forthe cameras thinking of only the money.she and her ilk would befleecing from you suckers  Ie. That's her " true " face, malicious, and in bad faith, as she realy is. How do you like your Hitleritebitch now, fools ? Not quite the savory immage you would haveprefered her to have put on to continue her con for you now, is it ? 1 month agoflag  reply0Gigi_Jurado  PressCore:I agree, I live in the UK and Palin is only known for having a reality show, what a negative representative of politics! 1 month agoflag  reply+2toastyguy11  Gigi_Jurado:Yeah, the US is kind of a joke internationally 1 month agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  PressCore:This one too... 30 days agoflag  reply-1PressCore  Vierotchka:The hair I consider to be only a prop, the same as a wig. Take away the hair,and any other perceptual allusion to sexuality, and you'll see a 40ish, bald, fugly female who appears as though she's giving the proletariat their weeklypropaganda pep talk from Orwell's 1984 scenario. How the war without endagainst Islandia or Eurasia is progressing with fewer casualties for us vs them...How production of war materials is up... So that We the pauper Proles' bread & water rations are increased to portions you can actualy see..Usual jungle rot...They say in Hades, the damned souls only know painful suffering, and the" gnashing of teeth " Unless I'm living in one of Einstein's Quantum ParallelUniverses different than everyone else here on Current.com, I get the distinctimpression that, in that photo you provided, Vierotchka, the Saracuda is gnashing her teeth. I regard her gnashing her teeth as poeticly appropriate.She's publicly claimed: " Americans should consider being drafted to fightfor God in Iraq as a heavenly blessing " Since she's so insane as to believeWar is a crusade for God... That the World Big Oil Monopoly IS God. Thatbeing a Corporate Slave to be fed to the meat grinder of War is some sacredprivilege like an Aztec human sacrifrice to their Sun God...She's straight out of hell, all right. Her grinding her teeth now, rabid bitch that she is, is only adress rehersal for the real thing after she croaks. 30 days agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  PressCore:Then there is this most revealing one... 30 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  Gigi_Jurado:be greatfull her ancestors came to the new world, or she could be your embarassment instead of ours.charles and sarah? 29 days agoflag  reply0PressCore  Vierotchka:Ah, yes. The classic pit bull with lipstick scenario. Kudos, Vierotchka. 29 days agoflag  reply+3im1mjrpainPrecisely as I figured... us this Wikileaks BS to take over the web and censor free speech. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjMTNPXYu-Y 1 month agoflag  reply0PressCore  im1mjrpain:Birds of a feather flock together. In the modern day we call that guilt by association. Barak Obama is garbage. Rham Emanuelle is garbage. I loathed and despised Ronald Reagan, but I'll be the first to admit he had some people of genuine character in his Cabinet, George Shultz amongst them...But the idea you can trust whatever Racketeers like Obama & Emanuelle purport to be true is absurd. Both are rotten tothe core. 29 days agoflag  reply0olddogdaddyand you Mr. King are no representative of the people! 1 month agoflag  reply+2fun_sizeHoly shit its called the S.H.I.E.L.D Act? Are they gonna make Samuel L. Jackson the director? 1 month agoflag  reply+6BrushwithDeathToothpasteSo outing an intelligence operative causes them outrage?  I guess as long as it comes from the White House that makes it OK. 1 month agoflag  reply+8Ana_CeballosAssange will never be considered a terrorist on the eyes of the public only government. If exposing the truth about what the government is actually doing with the our country is an act of terrorism, then the government is afraid the people will realize what they're actually doing, which is something worth hiding. 1 month agoflag  reply-1fun_size  Ana_Ceballos:Exactly. The Government is out to crucify him for leaking these documents... just look they arrested him on trumped up charges! 1 month agoflag  reply-1Gigi_Jurado  Ana_Ceballos:Very well said! It seems that anyone disagrees with what america says is being labeled a terrorist. 1 month agoflag  reply-1toastyguy11  Gigi_Jurado:so what's new?  yesterday it was communist today it's terrorist 1 month agoflag  reply0KSirys  toastyguy11:There's always a new list to go on.... half of current are on lists, myself included... lol.. 30 days agoflag  reply0KSirys  Ana_Ceballos:great comment, voted up! 30 days agoflag  reply-2freecrack  Ana_Ceballos:the neo-cons (who surround me where i live) are of the opinion he should be assassinated by the fbi. 29 days agoflag  reply-2freecrack  toastyguy11:so in a couple of generations we will be watching movies with the bad guys being islamic communists? 29 days agoflag  reply0GLOBALPOLITICALIf Americans do not begin now to form alliances to resist government tyranny we will lose what remains of our freedom.  We will even lose our lives!We must prepare now to resist the real enemy; the international banking elites and their puppets in the District of Criminals!Voting is a joke.  Continuing to participate in the false political system will gain nothing.  We must form a strong resistance now.http://www.scribd.com/doc/387846/The-Anarchist-Cook-Book 1 month agoflag  reply0AJILIVIZION  GLOBALPOLITICAL:What about after this overthrow of these corporatists? I worry so many people are ready to start a violent revolution with no agreement for what happens afterwards. 1 month agoflag  reply-1GLOBALPOLITICAL  AJILIVIZION:Agreed!  I certainly have a lot to learn about the various concerns we will face if, indeed, violence does become the only option.  As I stated previously,  my statement is more about my personal frustration, than a call for a violent revolution.  My time is best spent listening/learning about what will, short of a violent revolt, address our collective discontent. 1 month agoflag  reply0im1mjrpain  GLOBALPOLITICAL:What we need is a peaceful revolution.  People need to share information and come together.  Forget about Democrat/Republican, forget about liberal/conservative, we are all losing our rights together.  Damn if people can't see the FACT that right now we are living in history and our country is going through a period of dynamic change then they are just lost. This is the Change Obama had in mind when he promised change. 1 month agoflag  reply-4toastyguy11  GLOBALPOLITICAL:but what about the bilderbergers the masons and the jews? let's not forget them 1 month agoflag  reply-3toastyguy11  GLOBALPOLITICAL:or you could, you know, vote 1 month agoflag  reply0GLOBALPOLITICAL  toastyguy11:You, sir, are a total idiot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 29 days agoflag  reply+4VoyagerFilmsI think Rep. Peter King should be dealt with.  He is Republican, is there any more to say?  He is holding Americans, by far the majority of Americans hostage and depriving them of Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness.  Prosecute him and the rest for a breach of contract and failure to uphold the Constitution and Bill of Rights. 1 month agoflag  reply+5maasanovaThere will no doubt be overwhelming bi-partisan support on this just like there was on the TARP bailout, the Patriot Act, FISA ect.Anything that has to do with taking from us, there won't be much opposition. 1 month agoflag  reply0fun_size  maasanova:So true. 1 month agoflag  reply+5PressCoreIn the first place all non defensive War is Government sponsored Organized Crime. So these 3 crooks' attempt in abusing the civil legal establishment to protect their Corporate overlords' efforts to prosecute their joint Organized Crime &  War Crimes in countries like Afghanistanis NAZISM. And they're attempts to market their shit with a slick acronymlike SHIELD, only reflects their hyper aggressive NAZISM. The Talibanis real enough. But the so called " terrorist " organization they call Al Queda is truthfuly only a scrabble parlor game name for " the CIA " in Arabic. These crooks know the typical mind controlled American doesn't understand their con, so they keep on plying us with their Hitlerite Big Lie.The truth of the matter is that Wilileaks IS a whistle blower website. Andthat Julian Assange IS a Journalist in the digital age. News flash 3 crooked turds: The 1st Amendment foreswears Congress from making ANY establishment regarding Speech, Press, or Assembly. That means no member of Congress, nor any Conspiracy of these 3 crooked members of Congress, nor all 535 members standing in unison, giving a standing ovation to Geroge Bush Jr. in 2001 exhorting them to join his false flag, paranoid scitzophrenic hysteria  proclaiming: " All who are not with us are against us " as Chancellor Hitler did in Germany during the 1930s. The History channel has made 2 documentaries proving these exact Historical parallels are so directly connected, it's old news to all but the apathetic ignorant.It's well known that Lieberman is a modern day Jewish NAZI. Which is why Hitler Bush chose him to chair his new DHS. I have a legal complaintagainst Lieberman for the Aggravated Harassment crime he inflictedon me by criminaly abusing the TV airwaves at the Republican National Convention during Summer 2008 which is a Federal Crime, in addition to being a crime against our New York Criminal Statutes, his interstatebroadcast, made it a Federal crime. Because his criminal broadcastRecklessly Endangered My Life in the 1st degree, as a truck driver who'sbeen forced to work despite a PTSD disability caused by the CIA FelonyAssaulting me in March 1976. His criminal broadcast disrupted my drivingso badly it caused me to have a vehicular accident that same day becauseof Lieberman's depraved indifference to my, and others' public safety on the roads of NY.  Lieberman has yet to pay for his Felonies, but so longas he ls outside the State of New York's reach, our Statute of Limitations on his 1st degree Felony will not make the clock tick it's 5 year countdown.WE the PEOPLE will not allow the CIA to prosecute illegal non defensive wars, under false pretenses, in foreign countries so the Corporate Piracy they use the U.S. military to serve as a vehicle for, can plunder the Oil, natural gas, food, drugs, Llithium, Platinim ,Gold, Sillver, Copper, and Real Estate by invading Afghanistan. WE the PEOPLE will not allow the CIA to frame Julian Assange on phony rape charges to silence his Journalistic efforts to abate crooked Government sponsored Corporate Organized Crime they're in league with through the CIA, who Al Queda is. Not by having the CIA's bitch operative Slander him publicly, Libel him publicly, nor make willful false written statements to the Swedish authorities to trick them into activating their legal process to institute the CIA/Al Queda's malicious criminal prosecution.Why do you think Lieberman wants Nobama to shut down the Internet ?It's because he knows that in the digital age, Internet access is publiclyregarded as a Constitutional right. Name me even one County library ANYWHERE in ANY State of the USA that doesn't use publicly granted funds to make Internet connected computers available on request to their patrons. The way Hitler used to seize control of Germany was to end their Free Press. The Internet, more than the foreign Newspapers it links to all the world's countries' citizens, is the last bastion of uncensored news anywhere. Genuine Liberty to the people of China, Russia, the USA, everywhere...The Internet is a World Free Press affiliation not owned by the intntl. Bankster cartel, their NWO elitists, or their mob of criminal minions.I get Dish network satellite TV service. On the HD net channels, theypreceed the TV series Smallville with adverts for Dan Rather Reports.One American soldier, Marine or regular Army, has revealed that hekilled (2) 8 year old girls using mortar rounds " following orders ". Weforget so soon that in the Judgement at Nurenburg, that's the defensethe Nazi soldiers attempted to use to prove they were under duress forkilling civilians as war crimes. And who are the civilian turds on " our side " disgracing our country ? You'll never again be reelected assholes. This country is nearly in a Depression due to a stalled economy caused 1.By your Corporate overlords puppeteering you to misappropriate publictax money to fund these illegal non defensive foreign wars bleeding usto death. And 2. By your misappropriating Amercan citizens as cannon fodder to kill or be killed to foster Corporate Slavery & Piracy . You 3cockroaches/your npredecessors did the same thing in Vietnam & Iraq. We won't be fooled again. And you will be exposed. If not by Julian Assange, by someone else to take his place. Our days of living under the yoke of your Tyrany are as numbered as your corruption in office. Count on it. I'll sign my name to my complaint against you Lieberman so large that you can read, it even with your myopia, fool. 1 month agoflag  reply+4divWhy don't they just tell the truth.  They don't want to criminalize wikilieaks, they want to criminalize anyone telling citizens the truth about their governments. 1 month agoflag  reply+2littlwarriorBig shocker here, the republicans have something to hide. What would happen of the dark secrets of the GOP were discovered? Would their frothing followers leave them? Would there be criminal charges? Or would nothing change, just another fuck up that the abused and batered people of this nation take in stride and then go back. Its like we are stuck in an abusive relationship, but the well meaning boy freind who trys to be good to us, just isnt bad like the ex, so we take the old one back get beat, loose all our money and then listen when he say "please baby just one more chance" 1 month agoflag  reply0GLOBALPOLITICAL  littlwarrior:So true...but don't forget, they are just the flip side of the same coin. 1 month agoflag  reply+2littlwarrior  GLOBALPOLITICAL:this is true, we need to reset our government. Out with every last single solitary old, do away with all the lobbyists, and start fresh. Hell maybe even abolish all laws and start with just the constitution and the first like 11 amendments. 1 month agoflag  reply+2GLOBALPOLITICAL  littlwarrior:I don't think anything will change with without a compete revolt by the people. Unfortunately, most Americans are still asleep while a few courageous activists are on the front lines battling the establishment, risking their "physical" freedom and life each day.Nothing will change until we reach a critical mass in the country.I have given up on trying to persuade the politicians to do anything.  They are all corrupt. 1 month agoflag  reply+1littlwarrior  GLOBALPOLITICAL:critical mass will never be achieved while the masses are so complacent. The problem with our country is that people just don't care anymore. If the day ever comes when the government has pushed her people to far and they finally do rise against her I am afraid it will be to late and the damage beyond repair. 1 month agoflag  reply0GLOBALPOLITICAL  littlwarrior:Agreed! I think Americans need to gather their guns, march to Washington, and forcibly remove the criminals from their positions of power.I hate to admit it, but I don't see another option.  The so called "representatives" do not listen the American people!They only do what the international bankers pay them to do. 1 month agoflag  reply+1AJILIVIZION  GLOBALPOLITICAL:A Co-Evolution will not be brought on through violent methods. As someone who seeks to live in a better tomorrow, we must lay a foundation that those in the future will admire and appreciate for years to come, rather then suffer from grief and guilt. I know violence will break out soon, but for the leaders of tomorrow, the strategies of the last millennia will not work. Simply consider the hold on media and information these corporatists have. Attempting a violent over-throw could easily be distorted, preventing it from gaining any support. People must collectively disobey the broken legal system, in order to overwhelm law enforcement and the judicial branch of government. Crack away at these institutions until they crumble on themselves. I speak vaguely of what I predict the collapse to look like, but only because I haven't got it all figured out just yet. Believe me, I'm working on it. 1 month agoflag  reply+2GLOBALPOLITICAL  AJILIVIZION:Your point is well taken.  I don't disagree with you at all.  I think I am, like so many people, tired of being ignored by the political elites.  My patience has worn rather thin. 1 month agoflag  reply+1GLOBALPOLITICAL  AJILIVIZION:I am currently checking out your youtube channel http://www.youtube.com/user/AJILIVIZION to see what I can learn. 1 month agoflag  reply0AJILIVIZION  GLOBALPOLITICAL:Thank you. Though I will say, youtube playlists have not had nearly as much put into them as I would have liked. I hope to have my own site up and running no later then May of 2011. It will be the headquarters for everything that is being accumulated and worked on. The youtube playlists serve as the original videos that I am putting into my own larger piece. I do my own filming, it is just efficient to use what has already been produced, especially when done so well. I'm even working on my own artwork and music. I am preparing my very own digital bible. 1 month agoflag  reply+2GLOBALPOLITICAL  AJILIVIZION:Everything is always a work in progress.  Your YouTube Channel is both interesting in content and design.Please keep me posted as your plans for your website develop.  I enjoy meeting new friends.  I hope you will stay in touch. 1 month agoflag  reply0olddogdaddy  GLOBALPOLITICAL:ditto 1 month agoflag  reply-2toastyguy11  GLOBALPOLITICAL:if everyone just voted, we wouldn't have to do that 1 month agoflag  reply0GLOBALPOLITICAL  toastyguy11:If you still think your vote counts, then you are deluded! 29 days agoflag  reply+1EdJoyProductionsThe ones with the most to hide are going to be the ones who are the most outraged by Wikileaks. 1 month agoflag  reply+3telcodLet the Nigerians take care of it.  They seem pretty good at identifying criminals, like Dick Cheney, these days. 1 month agoflag  reply+7DagumPeter king and  Joe Lieberman need to be stopped. Tyranny in this country advances faster and faster everyday, and these Assholes think they're some sort of patriots by being the harbingers of the police state. 1 month agoflag  reply+1telcod  Dagum:If you buy all the assholes, you get to line them up the way you want.  Always follow  the money. 1 month agoflag  replymore fromNews:Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!The Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentssouthrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  24 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  27 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  43 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog