Don't hurt the childHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingDay Care and BabysittingChild Care around the WorldDon't hurt the childDon't hurt the child62rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Froggy213Child AbuseThis is a hub I felt I had to make.Children are our future,why would anyone want to hurt them.My own grandson,Jonathan,was killed.I believe it too came from abuse.The case is still under investigation.In this hub I will put links.If you are thinking of hurting your child in any way please seek help.For those of you who want to help I will install the link for Kelsey's Purpose;a social community that has helped me a bunch.This video is about Kelsey.Get out your kleenex,you will need it! Kelsey's storyKelsey's Purposesocial community banded together to help victims and their familiesUnicef A recent unicef report on child well being put the United States and the United Kingdom as lowest among 1st world nations in child well-being.Why??Are we so caught up in everything else we are not concerned about our children?http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UNICEFPrevent Child Abuse Another great orginization is Prevent Child Abuse America.Started in 1972,they build awareness. Prevent Child Abuse AmericaBand Together We as people need to STOP looking the other way.If you see an incident report it.DON'T BE SCARED.THE CHILDREN ARE SCARED,WE CAN'T BE!!Let's stop these predator's in their tracks.Looking for comments on what we as people can do.Let's pull together and stop the people hurting and killing our babies.  Jonathan's placeJonathan's siteJonathan's My Spacevote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Crimes Against Children: Will Oklahoma Execute Gilson?Crimes Against Children: A Cry For The ChildrenCommentsIunn2 years ago good hub, froggy.  awareness is essential, but I suspect most of the people that will hear what you have to say will be preaching to the choir.  the kind of people that hurt children tend to perceive themselves to be the victims and never get it you are referring to them.  child abusers are typically narcissists :"Whether by choice or not, psychopaths and malignant narcissists are able to do this because they have no human feeling whatsoever for anyone. Except themselves: they have very, very tender feelings for themselves. But none for anyone else, not even their own children. They view human beings as objects, tools, to exploit for their gratification"http://www.narcissism.operationdoubles.com/what is important is that those who notice speak out for those who can't.  teachers, neighbors and friends.  we can't change narcissists, but we can all speak up, notify the proper authorities and do everything in our legal power to remove innocent children from their reach.  Froggy2132 years ago Some days I feel we should make them the victims to be honest.For any person to harm a child is unforgivable.Not only can a child be abused physically,they can also be abused mentally and emotionally.Here is a site that shows a lot of the emotional abuse adults use on children:http://www.findcounseling.com/journal/child-abuse/http://preventchildabuse.com/emotion.htmIf you see it--REPORT IT!! Iunn2 years ago the lisa steinberg case still rips my heart out. everyone knew. no one helped her. I feel similarly towards aileen wournos, who to me remains the ultimate victim.Froggy2132 years ago Could you please post any links for them???Iunn2 years ago http://www.crimelibrary.com/notorious_murders/famithat child was beaten to death after years of sexual and physical abuse by her adoptive parents. I've never forgotten her.she was 6 years old.on aileen, shegrew up to be a female serial killer ofabusive men. still, if lisa steinberg had lived,she could have grown into aileen. aileen not only was never saved, her whole life, but she wasexploited by others even to the end financially, by fake friends.I love her. My heart is with her and I have no doubt she is in heaven now.http://www.angelfire.com/space2/aileen/Iunn2 years ago froggy, check your e's on your request.G-Ma Johnson2 years ago You know I reported a child abuser in years past..it was so obvious..and so cruel..The county the parents lived in..it was the first report. so the parents moved to another county. They had been reported previously in yet another  county. I do not know what ever happened to the poor boy..I felt so lost and not sure it helped him at all. the system sucks....However that was now 43 years ago..he is always in my prayers...And so will your grandson be in my prayers I am so very sorry,,it is so un-fair..my tears are falling now..God Bless You..G-Ma :O)C.M. Vanderlinden2 years ago This is a great resource. I am sorry for your loss, but it is inspiring to see that you are taking this personal and obviously heartbreaking tragedy and moving forward to prevent it from happening to other children. Here in Michigan, the Ricky Holland case was one of the most vile examples we've seen of child abuse in a long time. If you'd like to see more about it, here is a link:http://www.freep.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=999This is a 14-part series the Detroit Free Press did recently, looking at the events leading to Ricky's death at the hands of his adoptive parents. It also looked at all of the people and agencies that failed him along the way.compu-smart2 years ago  I am deeply sorry to hear about your grandson Jonathan...I hope once the investigation is under way justice prevails...It makes me sick to the teeth how humans can be so cruel in general but to be cruel to children, be-it  mental emotionall or physical to the point of killing/death is something i will never be able to get my head around or understand and i hope whoever does do this will get more than they would have ever bargained for within or outside the law!!cgull8m2 years ago I agree with Compusmart, it is sick there are so many abusers hurting an innocent child which has nothing but love in its heart. It seems only God can protect them, the laws are stupid. I am sure God will give those kids another chance in a far better world and make those abusers suffer a thousand times in their next lives even if they had escaped it here. There is no justification in abusing a child.Paul Edmondson2 years ago Froggy213, I discovered this from Idunn's poem http://hubpages.com/hub/poem-for-jonathan. Thank you for sharing a very personal story to raise awareness about child-abuse.  Our hearts are with you and your family.Froggy2132 years ago Thank you Paul.Thank you too for hubpages;such a great place to be able to pour myself into.VioletSun2 years ago I watched the video and it had the tears rolling.I am so sorry for what happened to your grandchild.Sending  love and blessings  to your family.Froggy2132 years ago Thank you so very,very much.mikedf182 years ago Thank you for posting this. I am so sorry for your loss. I just find it so hard to believe that people can do this sort of thing.That video ..... well, it's something else and makes me think of my own grandchildren and how lucky they are ... etc.Best wishes to you all VioletSun2 years ago I admire Froggy213 for turning a tragedy into an opportunity to serve by bringing awareness to others about child abuse; this to me is grace.Just Toyia2 years ago Awareness is the key and reporting is the only right thing to do...so many people fear getting involved and it makes me so sad, their fear of getting involved is nothing compared to the fear these children live everyday.  My heart goes out to you and your family.....Thank you for sharing!Froggy2132 years ago I pray that no other person should have to go through what we are at this time.At one time I was a completely different person than what I am today.I would have handled this a whole lot different.I do question myself at times though;am I doing it right?Or would being a vigilante be the answer??Just curious,what would some of you do in my shoes{there are no wrong answers and do not worry about hurting my feelings;they have been mangled already} LdsNana-AskMormon2 years ago Froggy213 -I am so sorry to hear about your grandchild.  Honestly, I cannot even bring myself to think of such a thing.  You know pain, anger and hate, the likes that only the Savior can and does bear for you.I sit here after watching that sweet little Kelsey, and the words of knowing she was spiritually dying inside, although still living,  cause me to feel, that perhaps because she was not able to be taken from her mother, etc... perhaps Heavenly Father took her home to Him, where He could protect her...I firmly believe that she has been tenderly healed in the arms of our Savior.  And she is whole again.  And it is we, who are left, that must find meaning as to what we will do, when we have been acted upon in such horrific ways.These are the tests, that only a few, will be given... as to their faith in the atonement of Jesus Christ.You must, absolutely pour your heart out to God, so that you may have His grace to give you the strength of spirit; to remove the hate, anger and anything that is keeping you from moving forward, or feeling confused in your life.  Maybe you should fast and pray together for this power in your life, that can only come from Him.When the Savior teaches us, that we must forgive everyone...  I am blown away, that it can be done.  That is His power.  He will bring you the peace and clarity that you are desperate for, when we keep His commandments.  He promises us His peace...  much different that even what we can give each other with our love.Repent for your anger and hurt... and work on forgiving those who have offended Kelsy and all others.  It will take a long time...  even a lifetime.  But as you do this... you will begin to feel your burden lifted little by little.  You will know days of peace in the arms of His love as well.Luke 17: 21  Then said he unto the disciples, It is impossible but that offences will come: but woe unto him, through whom they come!2   It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he cast into the sea, than that he should offend one of these [my] little ones.Jesus Christ has no tolerance for this kind of evil.  Although we suffer the actions of others, because of agency; I believe that if they do not repent... they will loathe the judgement bar of God!As you turn to Him, and ask Him what He would have you do... He and Kelsey, will let you know.  But, I think what you are doing here on the Hub is honorable for all of God's innocent children.  If He were here, I am certain, He would be right by your side in His cause with you.God Bless you for your desire to fight evil.  I support you completely.tDMgLdsNana-AskMormon(sorry for the epistle... but I feel so compelled) Froggy2132 years ago Nothing at all to be sorry for.The Word of God is allmighty.These are also words I need to hear;No,I haven't forgiven yet,and it is a battle inside me.Whether I will ever be able to,I don't know.I do stay in His Word and pray.Terrible at fasting at times{need to work on that}.All I can say is Thank You LdsNana LdsNana-AskMormon2 years ago Hi Froggy (funny to call someone besides Kermit... Froggy:-)Oh yes...  pain, is hard to watch or feel, another person experience, so intensely.  For that, I am truly sorry.  I know that these temporary experiences will pass, because of Jesus Christ, but experience them we must.You can, and you will.  There is no question in this.  I personally believe, that the moment we let our Father in Heaven know of our desire to forgive... it is at that very moment, His Son's Power, will begin to carry us forward.  I think at times, we feel that in order to have forgive another, we must also have our hurt, pain and hate -- simply disappear, as evidence.  I have come to know, that this is not true.His Power is made evident, through our ability to move forward and LIVE the life that He is allowing us, to live, for our growth; that we may come to know HIM.   How else, do people truly come to know Him, unless they truly have come to know the Power of that which He DID precisely because of these kinds of circumstances.Thus, we all, in very personal ways, will have our Gethsemane and our Crosses to bear; but He will show forth His Power, to save us from destruction.  Not only of ourselves in physical and emotional pain, but death and hell in the next life.He is here, right now...  simply for the asking.  ASKING for Him to help you, enables Him, to bless and carry you; and do be, very very specific with Him -- and then expect to recognize Him in your life.tDMgLdsNana-AskMormon Froggy2132 years ago Ribbitt!LdsNana-AskMormon2 years ago LOLtDMg Cellebrate!2 years ago There is a Divine reason for everything. I feel for you, most especially for the dad. Thank God for His healing and I thank Him more for our Victory throught ChristJesus.May God's endless love and favor be upon you and your family all the days of your life.Dorsi2 years ago That is a gut wrenching video- and I am so sorry about your grandson, it's hard to fathom an adult mistreating/hurting/killing  a child.I am very sorry.Very good resources, Thanks for the great hub and the awareness you bring.In Pain2 years ago Yes child abuse is the ultimate betrayal and I am one of the betrayed but I was and am betrayed by cruel words not violence. Words that cut me into half, left me lying in agony and tears in the dark hours of the night. Sometimes I feel nothing at all.Any kind of abuse is bad and if it does not lead to death or suicide it can lead to a inner death. The kind where who you truly are is annhiliated and only through hard work can you get yourself back.Froggy2132 years ago In Pain-I am here for you. If you want to talk, please contact me through here. You are right, sometimes words can hurt the most. You should not, and do not have to live that way.I have just said a special prayer for you--May God hold you! catlover9182 years ago    I am a child. I have not been physically abused, but I have been metally and sexually...... by my father. I have been in pain for so long, I bet your grandson was feeling a different pain, but we were both abuse. But I was sexually abused at the youngest age 9 months old and the abuse kept going for about 2 years untill my mom got a divorse. I will definately keep you in my prayers, please keep me in yours.Christina A Jeter21 months ago Hello,  My name is Christina Jeter and I would like to inform you about a person who is so passionate about this subject. Here is his site and work he has done. Http://onlyanangelcansavemenow.blogspot.com/ I am writing this cause maybe I thought you could work together and I thought maybe you could see that this single person in NYC is doing so much by him self.  Regards,Froggy21321 months ago Thank you Christina, I will check it out immediately. Thank you.blondepoet19 months ago Child abuse totally cuts me heart in two, I seriously hope there is a hell, so these monsters can feel the pain they inflicted on beautiful, innocent lives, they never had the right to touch, for all eternity.yasmine8577 months ago I have read and seen alot of child abuse stories and I can't believe how could a perant hurt his own child, I have a 10-months-olb baby boy, and he means the world to me, when I got frustrated with him I go to anther room and try to calm down and then I go back to him, crying doesn't kill babies but shaking and beating doRaymond Tremain4 weeks ago Froggy, just came across this yes it is very sad that all the time you hear where some child has fallen to this horror.(A child can be any age)no matter where in the world it goes on, people should not have children if they can't look after them properly.I read here well it was you said 2 yrs ago you have not forgiven, I pray that by now you have found it in your heart forgiveness, Jesus said that we need to forgive or God can not forgive us for our wrongs.God loves youRamonX8 days ago Interesting..........Everyone are so intelligent and righteous... What a great bunch! A specially self proclaimed disciples are truly "inspiring"... "Oh God Almighty, let's safe and love all the children BUT LETS BURN AND CAST EVERYONE WHO HATE THEM DOWN TO HELL!"This always justifies for me how hypocritical Christianity is.Hmmmm.... When I was a kid I was abused and beaten up by other kids. Not to mentioning by my own mother and other adults.Oh wait! That's not a reason to hate society??? What a great suggestion! Thank you, you opened my eyes!!How about this one as a childhood memory... I saw kids torturing animals. Burning animals, bitting them. GUESS WHAT?! THEY WERE LAUGHING WHEN THEY WERE DOING IT!!!! THEY WERE ENJOYING IT!!! THAT'S NOT A REASON TO HATE THEM??? haha U KIDDING ME.Let me tell you who is the REAL angel... u all hypocrites... Animals, are real angels. But NOT kids with their already build in evil temperament and personality.Oh WAIT I KNOW I KNOW!!! How about a fat kid bitting a 12 year old girl in the chest as hard as he can till she chokes??? I still remember that burning filling in the chest and how I couldn't catch my breath. STILL NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR U MORANS??!!Ok, let me try again....This time with an "adult"... THIS IS A GOOOOOOD ONE..The 10/11 year old girl is verbally abused by a DEVOTED Christian teacher in front of entire class. For years and years and years... All the kids in the class avoid this girl and nobody makes friends with her, BECAUSE THE "TEACHER" SAID THAT THIS GIRL IS POSSESSED BY DEVIL!!!!;) Can you believe that??U better. That teacher was eventually fired for abusing me. Just fired....She probably still teaches somewhere...Me...?Oh yes... You can sleep peacefully hypocrites. I am burning in hell already with out actually being dead;)U people are pathetic. Most of u don't even know what you talking about. And you all judge. I pity you.Just know this... If you would had my childhood, YOU WOULD HATE.Froggy2138 days ago I must say that it sounds like you need some help X.Actually, you are being judgmental yourself.Or maybe is that you David, feeling guilty???X13 hours ago No, it's not David. If you didn't notice from the comment, I am not a man. I was just expressing my point of view on the subject of judgment of others. And how society makes people hate the world. Even the worst people (if they repent of course) deserve a second chance. Judgment of others is pathetic task.X10 hours ago And it's just pisses me off how you all here talking smart and "right" about protecting children and blah blah blah.... BUT WHERE WERE YOU ALL WHEN I WAS ABUSED AS A CHILD???!!! SO... ALL THESE KIDS DESERVE TO BE TREATED RIGHT AND I DIDN'T??? AND WHAT ABOUT KIDS TORTURING ANIMALS??? BURNING THEM WITH FIRE??? WHERE WERE YOU ALL SMART ASSES WHEN I WITNESSED ALL THAT?!!! I CAN STILL REMEMBER THE SMELL OF A BURNING CAT.I'VE WITNESSED THE WORST KIDS EVER THAT MADE ME FOREVER HATE CHILDREN. Another ex.: one of my classmates in school (11-12 y.o.) wanted to kill her own grandmother by adding laundry detergent in her food.oh my god.... there is no words for me to express how much I am terrified of kids and their absolute evil nature.So go ahead and start blaming me and judging for my hatred of them! That's all you can do IDIOTS!!!!!!!!!Froggy2139 hours ago So, why don't you take the hatred you have and put it into good--show the kids how to do right.Get some help X--it sounds as if you need it.X7 hours ago Maybe I do need some help... Help to get read of and forget the laughing faces of kids that enjoyed beating me up and torturing animals. But even if I wanted to talk with someone about it the people wouldn't listen to what I say nor try to help me. WOULD YOU WANT TO HELP A PERSON THAT HATES KIDS??!! NO. I DON'T THINK SO. I WOULD BE INSTANTLY CONDEMNED AND SENT TO HELL BY YOU AND ALL "CHRISTIANS". It's so hypocritical when people "in faith" pray for kids but condemn the others -> WITH OUT EVEN A THOUGHT CROSSING THEIR MIND THAT THOSE "OTHERS" WERE ALSO KIDS ONE DAY BUT SOMETHING WENT WRONG.The country I come from, kids are cruel and torture animals, abuse them and neglect them. They have no understanding that an animal is a true angel that should be treated with love only.I also have a feeling that you don't think kids can do these things. That's your right but I am letting you know that what I have described is true indeed. And staying away from kids 0-18 y.o is my right that I WILL ALWAYS USE.And btw I don't know how David is but if David doesn't like kids, he was mistreated by "adults" and other kids when he was a kid.I have learned the greatest lesson from all those horrible LAUGHING kids that tortured dogs, cats, birds... THE ANIMALS ARE THE ONES THAT NEED HELP NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT KIDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!There is a lying nature in every child.I commented on this forum just by reading the topic. I didn't watch the video and I am not going to.Despite these feelings towards kids, I do know the grief of loss of a close person as well. And also, HOLD ON TO YOUR CHAIR, I hope to become a Mom some day. And guess what.... I will be A W O N D E R F U L Mother to my child. And the first thing my child learns is love and respect of the world around him.Froggy2136 hours ago My goodness, in one sentence you say you hate children and in the next you want a child.Children are not born wicked or cruel, it is adults, like yourself, who teach them to be.Children are our future, they are straight from God. Also, adults should know right from wrong, children don't always.Please get some help--what country are you in?X5 hours ago I know they are our future and what you said is true. There are two sides... One hates and the other wants to love (the rational side, which tells me that they are innocent). The problem is that my own parents for ex., always tolled me that I was born difficult thus they treated me accordingly by means of a belt, jumping rope, or sometimes they simply beat me. So I learned very well that ALL KIDS are born difficult and need to be treated accordingly to achieve discipline. OTHERWISE WHY WOULD MY OWN MOMMY AND DADDY BEAT ME LIKE THAT???OF COURSE IT'S ALL BULLSHIT! I SIMPLY HAD HORRIBLE PARENTS THAT DIDN'T AND DON'T KNOW SHIT HOW TO RAISE A KID!Living in US has been an interesting experience as far as looking at this problem with different eyes. American children are somewhat cute and don't have hatred in their eyes.But that would never replace the memories of those cruel children that I grew up with. I will never forget them AND NEVER FORGIVE THEM!!!!!!!Lets say the country that I come from is the country that doesn't have a child protective services in every town.X5 hours ago And yes, just to be clear.... I will undoubtedly love MY OWN child but not trust any other ever.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites95Froggy213From St Louis Area678 Followers305 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by Froggy213Contact Froggy213Follow Froggy213Subscribe to Froggy213's RSS feedRelated QuestionsHow Does One Go About Adopting A Child From United States?asked by Flavie Lolol 11 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionChina Vs. United States, 10 Major Cultural Differencesasked by Ryan Hupfer 2 years ago3 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsWhy woman put kids up for adoptionby dawnMObesity, Smoking and Death Statistics: Leading Causes of...by allie8020Can You Spare an Amero?by Froggy213HAPPY 4TH OF JULY: SEXY GUYS WHO LOVE AMERICAby valeriebelewRELIGION AND POLITICS: DEBATE OR COMBATby valeriebelewHow to Lessen Your Risk for Breast Cancerby elayne001 Day Care and Babysitting ForumTopicReplieshow do you live without love posted by etauntontv27life is like a soap opera after divorceposted by etauntontv2who loves Jason on General Hospitalposted by etauntontv0Post a new topic2 more topics Tagslove life family how to relationships children Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.19 sec)  working