Bumble Town - NZ (Off the Beaten Track and Back Again)HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHolidays and CelebrationsAustralia and New Zealand HolidaysMaori HolidaysBumble Town - NZ (Off the Beaten Track and Back Again)Bumble Town - NZ (Off the Beaten Track and Back Again)68rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy PearldiverOne of the many bogus signs. See all 13 photosThere are no Kiwi birds here... they were sold to regional zoos outside the region. One has to ask..."Who could do such a thing?"Mayor Dooya Trustmeornot. Bumble Town's Not-So-Honourable Mayor seems to have his grubby fingers into every pie and half baked scam to come out of Rate Payer's taxes.The 'short' Bluey Litefinger This devious little man has his fingers into everything that most would never consider appropriate. Is Nothing Sacred Here?It seems that after their close call with the Asbestos Scandal, the same movers and shakers of Bumble Town have completely about faced in their town management policies. Smiling like butter wouldn't melt in their mouths; they have started promoting this primitive town; to unsuspecting passers by and tourists. How do you cover up a cover up? We watch in disbelief as Bumble Town Mayor Dooya Trustmeornot and his 'short' councillor Bluey Litefinger put yet another despicable scam to the test. This one involves our national icon; the Kiwi no less!  Lately, 'Beware of the Kiwi' signs have been popping up everywhere on the outskirts of the town forests; over 100 bogus signs have recently appeared, giving the appearence that Bumble Town is a haven for Kiwi birds. Factually, this is just yet another moneymaking venture, as there are no actual Kiwi birds living within the Bumble Town area. They were hunted throughout the forests by unknown parties and then sold to regional zoos several years ago. Five transient forresters were at the time accused of that mass poaching; but most people suspect that the real culprits actually had connections to the Mayor's family and council supported; LEFTIT organisation. Tourists to New Zealand love the idea of seeing Kiwis in their natural environment. Wild Kiwis have given several regions in New Zealand growth opportunities from marketing of such eco-tourism and of course; eco-tourism generates huge returns. However, clearly having the Birds actually there, is a crucial part of the equation; so if Bumble Town has no Kiwis, then how do you fake their existence? For these two fake Bumble Town celebrities, it seems the idea that Kiwis are nocturnal creatures; provides them with an opportunity to charge unsuspecting tourists $50 per head on their new venture; Bumble Town Kiwi Day Trips. Of course no one will get to actually see Kiwis as they are nocturnal and the trips are conducted during daylight hours. The Bumble Town Information Centre advertises the Kiwi Day Tours as being 'The Best Kept Secret Around!' Interesting choice of words I thought, as I surveyed the range of plastic and seagull feather souvenir 'kiwi dolls' for sale at the booking office. On asking who actually guides the tourists through the dense local bush; I was told that three members of the Mayor's circle of friends actually take turns at keeping a straight face while hoodwinking the investors. Bumble Town Kiwi Day Trips: Would you spend $50 to thrash around in the bush with a guy who can't look you in the eye? Or, would you spend $20 on a plastic souvenir Kiwi Doll covered in seagull feathers? Dooya Trustmeornot... How could you? There are more than Kiwis at stake here and I hope that this venture does not work. Nothing seems to be sacred here and that's not all that's going on. The Signposts to Bumble Town Just 50 metres behind the Beware of the Kiwi Sign, you will see the way to Bumble Town. But think twice about following this sign.Are tourists really welcome?On the South Western boundry of the Bumble Town forests, a 'Beware of the Kiwi' sign stands beside the main North Island State Highway No1. Just 50 metres away by the edge of the trees; you can just make out a signpost pointing the way through the bush to Bumble Town. This is the subtle entrance to one of the regions newest 'tourist trails.'  The presence of two parked vehicles on the side of the main highway indicates that someone has been foolish enough to stop, intent on exploring the 128 miles of bush between Bumble Town and the two signs. You just know that those cars will not be there when or if the owners return.  Local scavenger Rex 'Hotwire' Groper and his brother Willie from the Bumble Town Ladies Undies Shop; regularly patrol State Highway No1 on the lookout for parked cars. For these guys, the Kiwi signs provide profitable pickings as they sculk around such places with the express purpose of stocking 'Hotwire's' pre-loved car parts business, situated in the big smoke of Hamilton.  Of course on the signposts there is no indication of how far Bumble Town is, or where any kiwis are likely to be found. But that is exactly what the scammers want; uninformed travellers, likely to get lost in the bush, loose their vehicles and to pay handsomely for rescuing if required. For anyone able to stay on the bush track however, there are some tangible rewards. A cave to an amazing sight. Be careful how you tread as the cavern floor is slippery. Deep inside you will find fabulous limestone scultures.All that time has created Ancient Stalagmites and Stalactites fill the main cavern where the source of Blackwater Stream surfaces.The River Toll Collector. The 'Giant' Sheep: Ram Drysdale.  It costs $20 to pass through and along the Smugglers Route to Bumble Town.The Upper Blackwater Rapids.  These white water rapids are yet to be exploited by anyone. So hopefully they stay that way. It is not really wise to ride inflatible inner tubes over this 10 miles; but it's a real buzz!  The Old Smugglers Route.Go beyond the Kiwi sign and past the Bumble Town signpost on the South Western border. Follow along this overgrown walkway through the bush for two miles from that sign and you will come to the entrance of a great cave. The cave entrance is quite easy to spot as it stands at the foot of what appears to be a steep and impenetrable mountain. There is no way up, over or around this natural obstacle; the semi darkness of the cave just seems to disappear down under the mountain. Many years ago this cave served as the entrance of the old smugglers route to Bumble Town. Today, it is still the quickest route if you follow the swift current of the Upper Blackwater Stream downstream. It is from within this cave structure that the Blackwater Stream originates, surfacing here from subterranean vaults far below. By raft Bumble Town is actually less than 20 miles away. But for anyone taking forest trails and detouring around the high country, the town lies approximately 128 miles away from the main highway.Through the darkness a light can be seen in the distance, deep inside the cave; which acts like a light used to attract and catch moths. Curiosity and the sloping floor will drive you towards the light ahead which comes from above. Light that is filtering into a huge cavern that displays ancient limestone stalagmites and stalactites. Thousands of tiny glow worms line the ceiling and walls; flickering like the living stars of an underground cosmos. As your eyes adjust to the change of light, a rope handrail reaches out to provide some stability as your feet slip and slide along the damp cavern floor that is covered in a 12 inch layer of sheep 'pellets'. There are no stones free of this sticky substance. One can not help but think that a giant sheep with an upset belly, has spent a great deal of time here. The smell doesn't seem so bad, until you have to let go your nose, to take a breath. On entering the main chamber It pays to be quiet in here as echoes will set off a flurry of bats,furiously heading towards the cavern entrance. You can seethat the depth of water in here is quite substantial. There is a rusty landing on the edge of thiswatery expanseand tied beside it, numerous inflated black rubber inner tubes which will float you out of the caves and into the Upper Blackwater Rapids. The mystery of the presence of sheep 'pellets' and an adsence of sheep, is solved when you are confronted by a very large, horned sheep by the name of Ram Drysdale. He isthe rivertoll collector who charges $20 to pass, wash your feet and take a rubber inner tube out of this place! Why sheep need money is anybody's guess; but apparently Drysdale and some of his poker buddies aremajor investors in an entertainment company called ewe-tube. Take the rapids or the sights? This natural geyser lies six miles from the Blackwater headwaters. It erupts approximately every hour and sends steam over 100 feet in the air. Geo-thermal hot mud pools.  The mud from pools like this is in demand worldwide as a beauty therapy product. The Dropoff hot springs. These hot springs are not too deep or too hot to bathe in. Home sweet home. The welcome sign of Bumble Town greets you once you beat the rapids.Act quickly in the light.A few minutes of floating around on your personal raft and the flow will take you out of the caves and into full daylight. By the time your eyes adjust to the light; you will have only a split second to decide whether you choose to shoot the 10 miles of the Upper Blackwater Rapids or not. If not; then you must paddle hard to make it to the opposite bank, before the current picks you up and sends you on a bumpy, wild and wet ride to Bumble Town.If you catch the rapids, you will miss the opportunity to see the natural geo-thermal activity that takes place six miles from the head waters. The walk downstream along the river edge is relatively easy going. Take your inner tube because the last 4 miles of rapids of Blackwater are tame compared to those of the upper reaches. At the six mile mark downstream, steam surrounds the Waikope Valley; one of Bumble Town's unseen natural wonders. Here the Waikope Geyser erupts hot steam and water over 100 feet into the air, every hour of every day. The whole valley is made up of countless pools of boiling mud or sulphurous water, bubbling continuously. Mud pools are far too hot to touch, however a large hot water spring called 'Dropoff' is a great cure for cold winter temperatures and is not too hot to bathe in. This really is a place that has to be seen to be believed. Unlike the other geo-thermal fields like Rotorua, Wairaki and Turangi, this area is relatively unknown and has not until now really been promoted to 'outsiders.'When you head South back to the Blackwater Stream you must walk for approximately a mile. Throughout this area you are greeted by native bush and numerous species of birds; but no Kiwis. On reaching the river you will notice that the worst of the rapids are upstream, so the rafting from here is quite easy going and continues like this all the way to Bumble Town. You know you are almost there when you see the signs situated along the Blackwater Stream.So at the moment this trip is not one that you will find in a travel brochure. It's a great day out and it will cost $20.00 in tolls to the big sheep in the cave, if you start at the headwaters. From Bumble Town you can hike upstream, which takes several hours. The whole area in this valley makes for awesome camping, with a variety of natural sites, good shelter and no mosquitos to worry about. Kayaking upstream is also an option. Either way, tourism-wise there are many legitimate things to do here. Hopefully, eventually tourists will get to see this place without being exploited by the rogues. Wall of Shame.Several people have suggested that we build a Wall of Shame in Bumble Town. A Positive reminder of the Negative acts of those who bring shame to this community. A monument to help state the disgust of those without a voice and those who have suffered at the hands of the self centered few. A wall that will stand the test of time and act as testimony to the existence of dust under the carpets of certain Bumble Town movers and shakers. A place to see the liars and the cheats, the damage done by the predators, deviants and scams. Each day in this town you are challenged to get through the day. You see so much waste, unhappiness and apathy. The kids learn how to be angry and face disappointment, so early in their lives. The promises of better things are hollow and not forthcoming. So many young ones have been given 'permanent leave' by a high school headmaster; who had banned them from attending school, thus ruining their lives. The school still collects the government subsidies for those pupils, as they remain on the role and have not been officially expelled. So here it is common for 13 and 14 year olds to have ended their schooling, with no formal education or future.The First Brick in our Wall of Shame is dedicated to that headmaster: Shame on you! This one has lost his job and his future in an ironic twist of fate. After a couple of years of well hushed rumours, finally senior students gained the courage to make formal complaints, which were eventually admitted by the headmaster. What did he admit to? Several dope smoking sessions with students along with making numerous sexual advances on many younger female students, over a three year period. On one occasion he even paid $1000.00 to one of his victims in an attempt to silence her. Shame on you..... You own a Brick.Camp Chef Camping Outdoor Oven with 2 Burner Camping StoveAmazon Price: $160.00List Price: $270.99Bottle Cup Gls Stainless SteelAmazon Price: $10.95GSI Outdoors Pinnacle DualistAmazon Price: $49.52List Price: $62.95Camp change room Xl Portable Pop up Outdoor Camping Pool Beach Boat Changing Room Fitting Dressing Room by ePhoto INC DC1900Amazon Price: $42.99Pacific Outdoor Equipment G-Pouch Water Resistant Padded Electronics Pouch (Orange)Amazon Price: $15.45Stansport Portable Outdoor Butane HeaterAmazon Price: $29.32List Price: $47.99Salt and Pepper Shaker by GSI OutdoorsAmazon Price: $2.99List Price: $3.95Coleman Camping Coffee MakerAmazon Price: $35.26List Price: $44.99Unbelievable!As I write this; I can't believe the news that has just been confirmed.... Unbelievable, there is some justice here after all. Now we must build our Wall of Shame and in this case; we will have to allocate Four Bricks! Bluey Litefinger has been arrested by the guys in the Police Box. Apparently two years ago he had applied to the Bumble Town Council for the funding required to pay him a salary and purchase all the equipment required to provide camping trips for youth at risk. Of course given the fact that so many had been thrown out of school, he had plenty of candidates for his programme and even had police support. The Mayor had endorsed the appointment and used him throughout for other ventures.Shame on you Litefinger, arrested after being found by a parent in his tent with a young guy in his sleeping bag. For the last week he has been conspicuous by his absence, with most thinking that he was out putting Kiwi signs in place. Shame on you for your despicable actions. He has been given name suppression, yet still draws full pay as a Councillor of this town. Bluey Litefinger is keeping a 'low' profile... at 4' 7" tall in elevator shoes; a lot of shadow surrounds him.Two friends of our devious Mayor, who must be asked how long he has known about the acts of these two despicable preditors. This will create a huge scandal and I hope people here will start refusing to accept things like this. For you Litefinger, I hope you end up with a lot more than a tracking cookie attached to your ankle. Shame on you for destroying a young life..  Thanks for reading my works. If you enjoyed this, please rate it objectively and positively. Pearldiver.Not all is Negative Here.Not all is negative in Bumble Town even though the town has been afflicted by the two parties above. Their actions are factualand as such serve to anger a lot of people here. I believe that something positive will eventuate from the expose. We will build a Wall of Shame here and perhaps this in itself will help change the outcome for the many who remain loyal to their life in this primitive place. I know that I for one will be doing whatever I can to make sure that Kiwi Day Trips will be few and far between.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Bumble Town - NZ: Bumble Town  NZ: Id Like to Help You Out Mate! Which Way Did You Come In?Bumble Town - NZ: Bumble Town - NZ (Why Are People Dying to Leave Here?).CommentsDame Scribe18 months ago Sounds like life on a rez , lol. Great Hub, :)Pearldiver18 months ago Hi DS ... yep it does doesn't it?  Thanks for reading about our miserable wee town.. that has the potential to become a true tourist magnet...lol.maven10118 months ago Why not run Ram Drysdale for mayor..?  He seems a rather smart fellow with a strong entrepreneurial spirit...Is that the real name of this place...Bumbletown..?You need to kick ass and take names Pearldiver...Damn perverts ruining the lives of children...maybe a little vigilante justice is called for, my friend...Great Hub about a rather sordid situation in the Land of the Long Cloud....LarryThe Old Firm18 months ago Four bricks for a pervert? Cripes! A former Prime Minister's parents live near me, do we qualify for the Great Wall of Holland?Pearldiver18 months ago HI Larry... Yep the Drysdale would probably do a better job, although he is quite busy with his interests in ewe-tube.In my own completely tackless way; yep Kicking arse is a priority.  Believe me, the names and deeds are to be exposed shortly.  The problems here have gone on for many years and due to that require an approach that also provides an educational process.The children are becoming more aware of their rights and what is not aceptable behaviour.  It has been a pleasure working with the young in this respect and some positive results have started to take root.  However, many have poor home lives to contend with as well.. which in itself makes them vulnerable.  We'll get there!Thanks for your comments Larry.  At least the fishing is great here..Pearldiver18 months ago Hi TOF... Oh no .. I know which PM you're referring to and yep he deserves a brick too!  He is the CEO of a firm that recently lent M$10 to a 73 y o lady immigrant with no income or assets! (which of course disappeared).Bumble Town.... it is a mess when kids are exploited like this.  The councillor is having his day in Court soon.  I wonder how openly supported he will be by his commercial allies.   Thanks for dropping in Peter.The Old Firm18 months ago Well now, I need to think, as the person to whom I alluded was nominally female. I think that the bloke of your dreams was responsible for the closing of POSB and is now, surprise, surprise, running Kiwi Bank, (in between being a Yankophile)Your midget mate will probably be saved by the herbaceous motor mower. As long as tithes are paid, pensions are saved!Pearldiver18 months ago Yep Got you... No it's not the KiwiBank man.. My reference had more of a Bulge to it! Sorry about that... however; there have been an incredible amount of X dressers in our political system over the years!The Old Firm17 months ago Yep, he's the KiwiBank man, was our man in Washington. The PM I was digging at had a namesake in Troy.Eric Graudins17 months ago Great story PearlDiver.I think we have a few bumbletowns here in Tasmania as well.The capital city, Hobart, for one.Pearldiver17 months ago Thanks for reading this Eric.  Glad you liked it.  I haven't been to Tassi, but no doubt alot of 'interesting' influence is used there too. Cheers EricK-TownGal17 months ago Why dont you run for mayor pearlman. Yes heard about Stevo and little bluey. Why do you dislike big Mal so much. I really dont think you have the right to run the town down when you have only lived here a wee while. Not like us whenua people who have lived here before the kiwi signs went up. We have the right to write. Perhaps we should design a flag.Pearldiver17 months ago Hi there KTG..Wow isn't the net great? I understand that a guy in Southern Tackystan is running for the Bumble Town mayor position after hearing how fresh the watercress is. I'm sure he is thinking about the benefits of international trading; which could create jobs or real opportunities for many Bumbletonian residents. With things like that in mind; I find it interesting that anyone would consider that I am running down the town! Unless of course, they have a vested interest in that town failing commercially or a sensitivity to an honest and well researched statement!I am unaware of any rules in regard to length of residency required as far as speaking, writing or paying taxes is concerned in any small town environment in NZ. Clearly some parties feel such 'rules' exist! If so, well I would have to say: "I rest my case!"If you feel designing a flag may help create positive change to your town, then make it a great flag! As far as writing is concerned, the same applies; but as a writer or a flag maker, or indeed a mayor: Never Assume that you understand the writing of another; unless you fully understand the true nature of the text and objective of the writer.  It always amazed me how many threats Billy T James used to receive; for merely showing kiwis how to laugh at themselves!! Thanks for calling KTG and your comments.mandybeau115 months ago Look I wanna know is this on the West Coast or the East is it in the South Island or the North, Please specify which of the following letters is its real names first letter.abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxys.and the second letter on and on......It looks like Rotorua, I am so confused ........I thought I had fanned you but, I had not. I saw you telling Miss Maddie off, you'll get in trouble. So will I be seeing Pearldiver 1 on the Hubpages lol.This is what a searcher wrote about me.Mandybeau is back on Hubpages, this time she is Mandybeau1 Oh how original, I think it is pretty brazen, but is full of it as usual,telling others How to make it big on the net.hahahahahaha PS That is so the Lsdy Knox geyser???????Pearldiver15 months ago Hi Mandybeau, Did you see the film WhaleRider? It's the letter B and it's Not Rotorua. The geyser is the Waikope geyser (pronounced: Why Cope Eh?) Thanks for visiting and well... If there's anamosity with someone who doesn't understand Kiwi... It's not my prob is it?Paraglider13 months ago As per your comment on mine this morning - this is also the first of yours that I've read. It won't be the last. Excellent stuff!Pearldiver13 months ago Hi Paraglider, Thanks for reading my work and your kind comments.  Unfortunately this hub has carried on from a previous BumbleTown hub, so several things within, may not have seemed to fit. Take care.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites94PearldiverFrom Bumble Town - NZ640 Followers52 HubsJoined 20 months agoRead more hubs by PearldiverContact PearldiverFollow PearldiverSubscribe to Pearldiver's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Pearldiver a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhy does my lower back hurts when I do abs workout?asked by grejotte 6 months ago10 answersAnswer this questionZodiac signs; can you dig it--or is it BOGUS?! Scorpios, Leos, Cancers,Libras! --Represent your signasked by NikiiLeeReyes 6 weeks ago3 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsBumble Town - New Zealand  ( First to See the Light)by PearldiverBumble Town  NZ: Id Like to Help You Out Mate! Which...by PearldiverTop Ten Creteby Carolina CreteWhitewater River Rafting FAMILY RAFTING TRIPS Pigeon Forge...by AnesidoraSiskiyou Countyby Shasta CascadeThe Beyblade Revolution: Beyblade toys, beyblade games,...by Princessa Holidays and Celebrations ForumTopicRepliesTraditional Valentine's Day Gift Ideasposted by vincehegh2Valentines Day 2011posted by prokinect2Happy New Year!posted by Paradise71Post a new topic309 more topics Tagsshame pearldiver kept secret camping sites kiwis dangers lurk Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 2.135 sec)  working