Falsely Accused of Child AbuseHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceLaw and Legal IssuesFamily and Health LawFalsely Accused of Child AbuseFalsely Accused of Child Abuse79rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy michaelkChild Abuse Have You Been Falsely Accused of Child Abuse? It is illegal for anyone to file a false report of child abuse, but unfortunately, it happens everyday.  Even though 60% percent of reported abuse cases are false, this offense has the highest conviction rate of all felony crimes.  The law is written to protect the children first, so even though you may be completely innocent, you could face long, expensive legal battles or even worse, you may possibly lose your children forever.  Falsely Accused ?Minnesota criminal attorney10 THINGS TO DO WHEN FALSELY ACCUSEDFalsely accused of physical or sexual abuse?Your Criminal Defense SpecialistDont Sink into Denial If you get caught in this nightmare, even though you are completely innocent, the first thing you must do is acknowledge the seriousness of the charges.  If you feel you do not need to worry because they could not possibly have a case against you, you are placing yourself in danger.  It is amazing how quickly these situations can get out of control.  The consequences for a conviction of this crime can be horrific, so protect yourself and your children immediately.  You should obtain a lawyer experienced with these types of charges.  Don't speak to any officials except your attorney about the case.  Even if you have not been officially charged, you need to be prepared in case you are eventually arrested.  Do Not Confront your Accuser At first, you may not even know who has made this terrifying accusation.  The accuser does not have to be revealed unless there is a court order to do so.  If you suspect or find out who it is, however, you should keep your distance.  Do not go to see them, do not call them, do not have any contact with them what so ever.  Be You Own Advocate Learn everything you can about being falsely accused.  Read books, internet articles or anything you can find on the subject.  Discuss your findings with your attorney.  Get involved with other people who have been falsely accused of similar crimes and learn from their experience.  You will be amazed by how many people have been in your position.  Build a support group of trusted family and friends around you.  Ask them if they will be character witnesses for you if you need them. Falsely Accused of Child AbuseElusive Innocence: Survival Guide for the Falsely AccusedAmazon Price: $13.64List Price: $15.99The Socially Skilled Child Molester: Differentiating the Guilty from the Falsely AccusedAmazon Price: $36.54List Price: $42.50A JUDICIAL TERROR IN TEXAS: CROSSING THE NATION..A FIFTEEN YEAR NIGHTMARE OF BEING FALSELY ACCUSEDAmazon Price: $14.04List Price: $14.95Guilty Until Proven Innocent: Teachers and Accusations of AbuseAmazon Price: $9.99List Price: $16.95Dont Console Yourself with Alcohol or DrugsThough this may well be the most stressful and depressing time of your life, do not give in to the temptation to blur the pain with alcohol or drugs.  It could have the reverse effect and actually enhance the depression.  It is also very important that you stay strictly within the confines of the law at this time.  You could be asked to submit to a drug test or the court could call witnesses to testify that they had seen you impaired.  It simply isn't worth the risk.  This is a very scary time in your life, but do not panic.  You need to keep your mind focused on contributing to your defense and finding the best way to protect yourself and your family from more damage.  Most importantly, do not go through this allow.  Retain a good lawyer and let your attorney help you.  Take his advice and be prepared to wage the fight of your life.  Your future is at stake.   vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (17)Funny Awesome (2)Beautiful (1)CommentsMike Winters18 months ago This is solid advice. I am currently going through hell. I was falsely accused by my exwife and she involved DCS. For several months I have had no contact with my two children and my attorney doesn't seem to be able to do anything quickly. My oldest child even told DCS I had done nothing wrong and they ignored it. Children's Services is an absolute joke in the state of Tennessee.rick18 months ago Yeap, Kids are out of control....my girlfriends daughter said I choked her....I have never ever touched her..... what a joke the system is, Something needs to be done about these type of kids..patricia   cleary18 months ago I  was falsly accused of child abuse. with out a shread of evidence ; without proper investagation with no proff i was a danger to my son i was not given a drug test  but ordered to  complete a 6 month program  my problem was i was homeless and living on my sons income from ssa waiting  to be approved  by social security disability i allowed my son to stay with a so called freind for 300.00 a month the next month this bitch wanted custody of my son and his whole check in the amount of 1.100.00  she called dcfs  and made all these false allegations. dcfs never helped me with my real problem  and that was homelness i was in a drug program 4 months and testing clean 2x a week  and the social worker tells me thats great ypur in a  program but your never going to get your kid back you dont have a income or a home   i was broken hearted they never once tryed to help me with my real problems my ex daughter in law got guardianship of my son  my case closed in july2008 my parental rights were not terminated  i have a home now and a income  now im trying to find out how i go about  going back to court to terminate guardianship and regain custody of my son he is 14 years old now  any advice will help  thank you for letting me share my storyvenus17 months ago Last month I was falsely accused of child abuse, maltreatment, and neglect....I am soooo outraged at the fact that social services came to my home at around 9:30 in the evening when my fiancee and I were winding down from a long day at work and my 4 year old son was just about to fall asleep.  They asked my son to remove his shirt lift his pants.....for what!!!!!  Do they honestly think my son is oblivious to the fact that his mother and father had no idea who these two people were? My poor son must be traumatized by this!   I felt violated!  Who would create such a lie?I've been in court for about a 1.5 years paying an attorney to keep my apartment.  Could the people in my building stoop to this level?  What upsets me the most is all the children who are really being abused.  Social services waste their time coming to homes that have no abuse and never make it to the homes where children are in need of help.Does anyone have a good attorney who works pro bono?  I can barely pay my bills with one attorney on the payroll I definitely cannot afford another.Anonymous16 months ago This was a really helpful article. Currently, my boyfriend and I are going through false accusations made by my ex-husband and my mother, which were conveniently made amidst a court battle for me to relocate one state over. They stated that my boyfriend was the perpetrator, and was physically abusing my son. He is currently seeking legal counsel, at least for advice on how to handle his situation. Children and Youth became involved, and this has cause such disruption and drama in our lives, and the caller (I already have a strong feeling as to who made one of the calls) has dragged my son into a situation that I have been trying to protect him from. What angers me, is there is actual abuse going on in my family, and while people are focusing on something that is not going on, they are failing to help out the family member who is actually being abused. It sickens me that people do this to be spiteful, and it almost makes them as bad as people who actually see abuse happening and fail to report. Does anyone know of any free resources that we can tap into to further prove his innocence? I know this will all be brought up during the relocation hearing.Lynne16 months ago Childrens services is coming to my home tomorrow to investigate false charges that I abuse my children. What should I expect of these people?The person who called DCS was uspset because I wont let my daughter hang out around her daughter because I don't like the values they instill in their family.  I am a Christian and I do have high standards.Will they want to strip search my kids, I have 12 yr. old twins, will they want to go thru draws and things?michaelk16 months ago Hi Lynne,Child services will not strip search your children. They will check the home to see that each child has a bed, and that only same sex children sleep in the same room. They may look to make sure there is food in the home. They may ask what the rules are for bedtimes, having friends, and homework routines.Good luck and let us know how everything went.Lynne16 months ago Thank You very much, I will let you know how it goes.RtNJ16 months ago On Saturday we had the un-welcomed visit from DYFS, Nj's DCS. We found out that the night before at 11:30 pm someone put a call that my wife and I were neglecting our 2 lil boys, by not feeding all the time, not bathing, not changing diapers in a timely matter and that the kids had east access to alcohol. After interviewing my wife, then having her strip them down to nothing and inspecting them, then interviewing me, then going on a tour of our home to see it is baby proofed from head to toe, they asked if we had any enemies, because faulse accusations usually are made.They acted like there was nothing wrong with it. I asked what rights we had as parents who were falsely accused and basically told we have none. However, though they will be "throwing" this case out, my wife and I would now be on file for being accused.We have an idea as to who may have done it, we have not spoken to this person in 1.5 months, but because they under investigation for robbing us, we feel they are going after us. We contacted our investigator to let them know of what has happened and who we feel may be behind it. As of now, it is just frustrating to feel like there is absolutely nothing we can do to prevent someone from falsely accusing us in the future.pageantgirl3141316 months ago I wish they would stop with these false accusations and save real children. I was abused for years and no one ever helped. Social services wasn't even called. For all of you that are being falsely accused, I am so sorry you have to deal with that.DEBR15 months ago My Son was falsely accused because he was babysit for his Godborther he would babysitting about three day out our week that last day that my son was babysitting the baby stopping breathing and my son had to give the baby C.P.R he didn't know how to give the baby C.P.R HE DID THE BEST HE COULD TO SAVE THE BABY LIFE.but the police Department didn't ask anyone else who was wish the baby.grantmother. mother. father,uncle.aunt,girlfriend,the roommate all these people was wish this baby at some point of time. but secent my son was the last preson with the baby that who that are accused for all the injuries to the baby. the new release was nothing but lie that why i don,t beliver in the in D.A.are these lie as law they are not out to help you they just want to get payed that all.i hate this damn country. wear is the right in this world at the bottom of hold. i hate D.C.Sa mother15 months ago My husband was falsely accused of sodomy on a child under 14. He has gone threw his trial and won. The child told them that her grandma made her lie about it. Can my husband sue them because all these things were false?Wow15 months ago You know, some people are weird.  Back in the day when I used to drive a school bus, I was accused of being a pedophile because I wouldn't put the music channel on that the kids wanted to listen to.  The mom told other people but thankfully, the administrating people knew me and of my character and squashed that mom's accusations.You have to be very very careful these days.  People are sue happy and some are so weird.  I stayed on the route and they weren't going to intimidate me with their false accusations.I knew one school bus driver who told a kid to sit down or he won't be riding the bus.  The parents forced the school district to have the driver removed from driving.  He was one of the greatest drivers out there.In this world, your dammed if you do and dammed if you don't.  But I strongly believe that people will pay their price on judgment day.Accused Mom15 months ago My fiance and I have been fasley acccussed of abuse by my fourteen year old daughter and I have lost my ohter two childern, been thrown in jail and put through hell and yet has anyone even bothered to yet take a statement from us.Whatever happened to innocent until proven guilty.Wow I am amazed at how DCS of virginia has treated us where is the justice for parents.The real treat is my oldest daughter and her foster parent breaks into my house a week later steals pretty much whatever they wanted and I am not even allowed to file a report with the police department. I do know this system definitely needs to change and any advice anyone could share I would greatly appreciate.Star 14 months ago My partner and I live in Australia. In July 2008 we were falsly accused of abusing/neglecting our four boys by the school principle. Not only were we falsely accused but we have now lost our children until they each attain the age of 18. We are permitted to see them once a month under supervision and the children are constantly asking when they can come home. Their foster parents are spoiling them by getting them whatever they want. If they want an xbox, they get it, a playstation, they get it. We can't afford (and never could) to buy them what they wanted when they wanted it but we kept them well fed, clothed and kept a roof over their head. In 2006 we were in a house fire, the corroner ruled it an electrical fault then in Nov 2007 a plumber changing the hot water system set fire to the roof. My kids have been through enough hell and now DoCS (as they are known in NSW) have taken away the only thing that ever meant anything to me. I was abused as a child and DoCS only stepped in after they had removed my sister. They left me there for 3 years with the rapist and did nothing in that time. In court they brought up the time I ran away from home at 14 and blamed it all on my mother, the rape, the running away, the fact she couldn't keep her kids together. Now I am being accused of hereditary neglect, basically meaning, because my grandmother neglected my mother, my mother neglected me, then I must have neglected my boys. Not only all that, the officers lied in court trying to introduce false evidence but when it came time for our proof we didn't neglect our children, even the judge didn't want to know. People who report other people because they are seeking revenge need to realise, they are pulling the officers away from the children who need the help, the ones who are being bashed and dying in their parents care. All I want now is my babies back and life to go back to normal but I know this will never happen. I have to live with knowing I am labelled a bad mother for the rest of my life and my kids will grow up also knowing my partner and I did nothing wrong but the dribble that DoCS are putting into their heads on a weekly basis. DoCs have a huge problem also with mothers who breastfeed their children for longer than 12 months. My youngest boy was breastfed for almost 5 years. I tried everything to ween him but was told by NMAA that he will ween when he is ready. Apparently thats wrong. I am supposed to stop feeding my child at 12 months and waste money on formula when breastmilk is supposed to be best.I am sorry to hear all these stories and am saddened even still that I have now become one. Nothing will ever fix what has happened and nothing will ever be the same for any of us in this position. All we can do is our best and hope that gets us our kids back in the end. Good luck to you all.scheng114 months ago It's sad that society generally condemns the wrongly-accused party.  This adds to the hurt of the wrongly-accused.Tami14 months ago Last friday the Denver cops showed up at my door and handed me a piece of paper stating that my fiance was being investigated for child abuse. They questioned my 7 year old and 5 year old at school. From what I am gathering from my kids the cops were the first ones to talk to them. and then the social worker showed up.  We met with an investigator on Monday and he gave my fiance a ticket for harming a minor x's 2. The reason they got involved was because my oldest does have a scratch on his nose from ruff housing with my fiance and my youngest had a bruise on his cheek.. The bruise on the cheek happened at school and my son has told 4 people the same story. We are going through this on only one income and we have to get an attorney so that we dont lose custody of the boys or my fiance goes to jail or worst prison. Is there anyone out there that has some information for us...stressed!!!13 months ago Recently my boyfriend whom lives with me was acused by his sons mother of abusing his sons.. now i have a daughter by him and another daughter by another man but my boyfriend is all shes ever know and that she calls daddy.. his 2 boys also live with us.. now the mother is in and out of jail, on drugs, cant keep a job.. n called cps on us well it clear the case was dropped.. but now she filed a interjunction and they took the boys until our court date...he cant even go near the school his son goes to.. if he was abusing his kids in my home i wouldnt be with him and wouldnt he beat the others??? wouldnt i report it..?! shes just mad cuz she cant handle them like we can and that we have a family... she has taken them..well stole them from us number of times and she always gives them back cuz she cant do it... she wants the food stamps and the childsupport thats all.. what to do?? what do we do for court and what do we say?? HELP!UNKNOW13 months ago My husband has been accused of hitting our son in Colorado. It is so scare I don't want anything to happen to my family!Laura A.13 months ago I was accused of child abuse a couple of days ago, I have been in a 5 year legal custody battle with my ex-husband.  He is the one who takes me to court, has called child protection, the police dept. and has even had a private investigator follow me around.  In the five years he has never found anything to use against me.  A couple of days ago I was served to appear in court for alleged child abuse.  The document claims that ALL the scars on my 7 year old son, I made.  My son is an avid soccer player and my ex-husband fails to note that.  He also failed to inform CPS of our 5 year custody battle, etc.  I was awarded primary residental custody since our divorce, and we are in trial now...my ex-husband tried to have our oldest son claim abuse against me, but my son never said what daddy wanted him to say..anywho, several doctor visits later and therapists later...our youngest son now comes out of the shadows and says that mommy hits him.  My youngest son has also said that he says that becuase daddy makes him say these things and if he doesn't he will hit him and will get very mad at him.  Anywho, I wish I could say that I have faith in the system BUT that light seems to dim more and more each day.  My ex-husband currently was awarded for his access to be extended until further investigation.  It's been two dreadful, surreal, sad, weeks since I last had my boys.  How can someone just say the word abuse and everyone jump???  I miss my boys with all my heart and I will continue to fight (with my attorney)for my boys because they have been put in the hands of the man who has mentallty & emotionally abused them and hope that the system sees the truth.ALAN BAKER12 months ago I WAS FALSELY ACCUSED AND NOW I NEED ADVICE ON SUEING TANEY COUNTY MISSOURI, PROSECUTOR RODNEY DANIELS,D.F.S. OF MISSOURI, MY EX-WIFE DEBRA LOFLAND AND HER FRIEND ANGIE BRADLEY,THE SHERIFF AND THE INVESTIGATING DETECTIVE. I SPENT 3 AND A HALF YEARS IN TANEY COUNTY JAIL PROVING MY INNOCENCE. I DESERVED TO BE COMPENSATED FOR MY TIME. MY LIFE WAS IN DANGER EVERY DAY BECAUSE OF THE CHARGES. I AM AND I WILL PURSUE DAMAGES. IT IS WRONG FOR AN EX-WIFE TO MENTALLY ABUSE MY DAUGHTER TO LIE FOR HER. IS THERE AN ORGANIZATION I CAN TURN TO OR AN ATTORNEY OR FIRM WILLING TO STAND UP FOR THOSE WHO ARE FALSELY ACCUSED. PLEASE E-MAIL ME AT alan.baker1999@yahoo.comfalsely accused 3 times12 months ago I was falsely accused of child abuse on my children. My daughter's father accused me thinking that my kids were automatically going to be taken away to be given to him, since i have full custody of them, due to his past usage of alcoholic problems and Marijuana. The investigation went on by interviewing my children, myself, and by visiting my home, etc.. The Case was closed after that. Then he called cps a second time now falsely accusing me of drug abuse i offered myself to be drug tested and cooperated with them to proof my innocense, case was also closed. This was a very hard time for me, he is now fighting for custody and going to use this against me as well as some police reports he filed against me without me knowing. I also recently had an arguement with my brother's girlfriend.(They have a child together)that sadly ended in a fist fight,i defended myself from her that day, something she does'nt expect from anyone. Well as revenge: since she knows about my recent problems with the father of my kids she has now accused me of child abuse not only to my children but to my two year old niece also. Somehow she took pictures of her baby with a bruise on her forehead two days after the arguement. Took them to police. No where in this world am i known as a bad or abusive person; Im not one to do any of this! I'm now being charged for this,a felony 3 and being investigated for the third time by CPS. This is by far the worst thing to happen to me in my life and all because of lies! Im currently trying to fix this in court with my attorney and having a hard time proving my innocense. The worst part of all is that when you're accused your automatically seen as guilty. Any advise anyone? Do you know if i will go to jail for this false accusation?...This has taken away so many nights of sleep, and the depression is kicking in hard. :-(Totally Shocked!!12 months ago Recently I was falsely accused and charged with abuse of a child, namely my step daughter.  I have 3 children of my own, and a step son and step daughter who live with their father.  (my SS moved 3 years ago, and my SD moved 18 months ago -  after we grounded her from Army Cadets one evening for her continual rude, disrespectful behaviour towards us her parents)Now I am to move from the family home, only have surpervised access to my children, not be at pools, schools, etc.This comes after a year of much stress over the twice changed mind of my wife to move, and take up the offer of her father to put her up in a new house.  My wife wanted to share custody of our 3, when it suited her work schedule.  After my wife decided to remain in the relationship, my SD increasingly became irrational and emotional.  Recently the CAS was called on her father, as a result of an anonymous complaint regarding her fathers' alcoholism, neglect etc.  As it turns our there has been embellishment, and lies by both the SS and SD regarding their father.  My SD wanted to move away from him, and be with her mother, but was not interested in returning to our rural, somewhat isolated home, as she was hoping to move with her mother into a new home, close to her school, and in town, so she wouldn't have to rely on getting driven around (she is very social) I also would confess our home isn't the nicest, as it is still be finished, a project we took on when we purchased the home, and has been delayed, by the number of children we have.I can see why she doesn't want to move here as well because she thought she would get her own room built right away, without due consideration to the other higher priority jobs that required completion.  Also I don't  approve of her continual weekend long sleepovers with her boyfriend either.  Her boyfriend lives almost 2 hours from our location.  Her mother considered moving close to her work which is halfway.I am appalled at how this can happen.  My wife just doesn't know what to believe.  She is mainly believing her daughter, but she also can't believe I would do anything like this.Just on the say so of a melodramatic, embellishing, extrovert of a child, A family is ruined.My son is absolutely devastated.  He is very angry.  All my children ages, 3, 6, 10, are acting out.  It is so disheartening to witness.  On top of everything, I have home-schooled my children, my son the longest at five years.  He is very involved in sports, swimming, karate, soccer, gymnastics, etc.  Not shy at all to get up in front of a large group to demonstrate katas, in karate, loves soccer, and is an avid computer enthusiast who has recently taken to programming adjustments to his favourite pc games.  My daughter the artist, asked who was going to be her new daddy, because my wife and in-laws have told her I am going to jail.  My little 3 year old son with most charming smile is just becoming aggressive and intolerant.  AhhhhhhhhhhhhH!!!!!!!!  I have been their primary care giver, and now, ....Than I hear from my wife, my SD doesn't want me to be apart from my kids, nor does she want me to go to jail.  This from the 16 SD who has made such absolutely horrid allegations.  What did she think, Mom would just finally choose to leave me with no question as to her ability to get full custody (increased government financial assistance, an issue she often raised over the past year when considering separating.)  How can anyone be so socio-pathic to make incredibly bogus allegations?Ahhhhhhh!!  Stupid punk kid.  Stupid misguided child.  And to think on top of all of this BS, she has been recently taking birth control pills, that have their warnings of all manner of emotional instability.  Do ya think, DUH!!Even the cop who arrested me couldn't look me straight in the eye.So much BS.  What happens when I am cleared?  What a pretty letter of apology for what she has done?  Worse, what if I am not cleared?  Her word against mine.  She is a great actress too.I am so frustrated.  The only thing holding me together, is the commitment to my wonderful children who need me.  I love them, and am furious over the harm, this one selfish, unstable child is causing.  How dare she.Even despite after interviews, with my 3 children, and 2 stepchildren, there was no corroboration by any other child, apparently according to my wife the CAS worker stated that I have our 3 kids so brainwashed, that they wouldn't speak out against me even if I had assaulted them.So not only do I have a false allegation, I have some CAS worker, denying the honesty of my children, and trying to convince the world, I assaulted them as well.  No proof, this after 20 minute or less interviews.  What is wrong with people, do they not see the damage they are doing?I hope that anyone out there considering to lie like my SD has, please, please reconsider.me11 months ago heather kirkwood does pro bono...she is a harvard grad google her!me11 months ago she is in wash state or oregon, but if you google her she will come up...she is wonderfulme11 months ago she is in wash state or oregon, but if you google her she will come up...she is wonderfulcrystal11 months ago i was falsely accused two weeks ago. i had an incident with an ex friend and she then called dcfs. i am still waiting for the case to be closed. the social worker did tell us that after a report is unfounded that anyone who tries to report you again for 7 years will have to leave their name. they cant make an anonymous report. that means that you can press charges on the person for making a false report.Desperate Wife11 months ago My husband is being falsely accused of sexually abusing his children,(two different mothers)It all started because the weekend b4 we took her son she was gonna leave her oldest son home alone, my hubby said don't do that, just bring him up here. So she did and said she would be back on the next day to get the oldest son. She never did until the day after that until she came and got both boys. She stated the two kids called and asked her to come get them, the very next weekend she was calling us to take her son for the weekend. We said we had plans. After 3 calls that day, his son hung up on him cause we wern't gonna take him. Monday comes along and we were waiting for his daughter to come home and she didn't. Come to find out Dss went to the school and took her. The mother with the son took him to a councelor and he said his dad did bad things to him and his step sister. Long story short, He is sitting in jail for something he didn't do, has a court appointed attorny who isn't doing much for him. Our lives have deffinately changed for the worse! I would like to discuss this further with a pro bono lawyer, in Massachusetts. If anyone knows of one could you please let me know?? I'm desperate to help him prove his innocents! They even moved his trial back 9 months. So he will be sitting there for 2 years b4 it even goes to trial..Hope someone out there is interested in hearing my husbands story and is willing to help him! Thanks!jaime/fla11 months ago i live in fla and someone made a call on me.  On 1/16/10 there was an officer and SS investigator waiting on me at my daughters school.  The report said i had hit her in the jaw and chest and they did a drug test on me.  I dont even drink.  Now they want my daughter, which will be 10 in a few days, to go have an psychological evaluation.they already have ben by my house and seen that we live nicely and that she has everything that a child needs plus.only thing that i can think of is that someone must be upset with me and this is there revenge.SICK!it seems that dcf wants to keep digging to hopefully mske a case.SICK!what they dont relize is they are making nothing into somethink ands its the child and only the mother who suffers.dose anyone have any advice on how to get this chip of our bach?flaca1949@live.com/772-643-3207.enough is enough.yes i understand sometimes that they dont do a well enough job,but sometimes they do go way to far.this case needs to be closed cause there is no case heremom in pain11 months ago i have a sick week old daughter my third child i have a 3 year old son and a 4 year old son i took my daugter to the hospital becaue she cryed when i moved her arm on friday january 22 2010 and i was never seen they took to long and i had her another appoinment so i went ahead and took her to the dr appoinment there the doctor twist and turnered her arm aleast 3 times up and down and then sent her for xrays after the xray the arm swoll up and then they diagnosed her with a spiral fracture to her humerus they investigated all my other children me and my husband and they removed her from the home. they left the other children. the doctor has stated that she do not know how this happened and she says that she can see that it has been broken for the most 14 days and with that sayed they will not allow my family any custody because they dont know if any of them has had custody in the last 14 days.  i dont know how her arm was broken. this is really unfair my daughter is in the care of some people i dont even know and i cant even get visit what did i do so wrong. they are treating me like i brought in a battered infant. by the way my other children have never been in the hospital with any suspect sistuation.hurting for two years11 months ago mom in paini know your pain, my daughter had the exact same problem, she had a broken arm, and we were accused of abuse its been almost two years now, and we finnally prooved she was sick, our pain is almost over...please call lawyer heather kirkwood, google her she will helpbella11 months ago On thanks giving weekend I was arrested by my childrens father, he told them i had been threatening him, and i was trying to take my children away, then last week I had child protection workers come to my home, because we worked out our differences started counselling for the both of us and our children, they said Iam and abusive spouse, and that they did not want us together, im 125lb 56" he is 230lb 5 11" i dont think i could hurt him, but ss thinks i can. they said they were going to close our file, but then they went to our childrens school and interogated them, she coerced my son to say that i stabbed there dad in the stomach and he had to get stitches in his belly.  the truth was there dad donated a kidney to his brother and of course he came home with stitches on his stomach small enough to look like a stab wound.  the children knew there dad donated a kidney, but they a had told us that this woman came into the room had pop and candy waiting for them and as she was interogating them she was "really nice to us" my son said and that is why they told her what she wanted to hear, so now Im afraid they are going to take my children away from me, they have been trying for years but they never had a reason to take them away they managed to take all of my family members that live in the same city away from them, and when that started they were constantly at my door with new accusations and Im afraid now that my children had told them this lie that they will succeed in there witch huntTJ11 months ago My ex was falsely accused of sexual abuse 5 months ago. He was released on bond and one of the conditions is that he cannot have any contact with anyone under 18. My children were interviewed prior to his arrest and they adamently deny any innapropriate actions by their father (the older two are now adults). I do understand the stipulations of his bond yet I do not understand why the D.A. will not approve SUPERVISED visitation for our minor children. I've pleaded on behalf of my children yet my pleas fall on deaf ears. Does anyone know what I can do??? My children have never gone more than 3 days without seeing their father and they are truly suffering.anonymous5511 months ago My child's school sent DYFUS saying I abused her. Ridiculous and downright insane. The social workers saw that there was just no evidence of any kind of neglect towards any of my four children. They plan to close the file. However, I am mortified that anyone can just call and make such unfounded accusations. I was told the case will be closed but is there more that I need to worry about here? What rights do I have? I am not allowed to confront them because technically they're anonymous but can a lawyer investigate this matter for me, or a PI or someone who can look into this and prove the school incompetent and reckless?Confused!11 months ago I have a friend that is being falsely accused of child abuse and was wondering if her name gets put on the Registry List what does that mean, how bad will it hurt her and her future. She doesn't have the money to fight with a lawyer, so wondering what to tell her on how this will effect her life, and her two children she has custody of.nathancandy11 months ago A couple months ago my six year old step-daughter acussed my five year old of sexuall abuse. Long story kinda short She told the ER doctors, the police and ss that my five year old held her down and shoved somthing up her butt but when the Drs examined her there was no evidince. When the ss and police asked her to draw the object he useed she drew a cat. SS told me that they belived my son after talking to him. When they talked to him they came into my house before my son came home from school so they knew that i had no chance of talking to him. When my husband took his daughter home the mother had half an hour to talk to her daughter. The mother of my step-daughter has made false acusations before and has made my life a living hell for the five and a half years. When she was acussing me i let go of it and dealt with it but when she started on my five year old there has to be somthing to do. We don't have much money to do anything we have five children together. If there is anyone that had some advise please let me know it would be greatly apreciated and used.Confused, frustrated, irritated11 months ago I have been accussed of abusing a child at my job not once but twice within a span of two and a half weeks. I only have been working there for a month and a half. I am very passionate when it comes to working with kids and what they fail to realize is this is not only going to affect my employment but my entire career that I have taken the time to build for years.Now I have loans in a field that doe not protect me and may or may not be able to obtain a position in it. Regardless of working in this field I must still pay my loans. Why????????? would a person do this, is it jealousy? I am praying everyday that I can get through this crisis.I pray that employers find away to properly protect their employees from such accusations because this is no game or joke, people take this very seriously. I will be praying for everyone who may be going throughthe same thing. God Bless!!!Help...Please10 months ago I have 4 children my youngest is 5 weeks my sis 23 was watching the kids, well she fell asleep with the baby on her chest she said she woke up and he was on the floor crying(his arm is broke) we rushed him to the hospital and cps was called I understand this people have a job to do but they are say she did the to him. My sis ironically is in school for social work I am going to school for nursing. this whole thing has been a nightmare!!! I know with everything in me she would never hurt my kids...They have her taking a lie detector test soon. I dont know what to do. We never even considered this would happen to us in a million years. All I can do is pray right now, does anyone have anymore advise for me? I am freaking out!!!!impervious10 months ago So I stumbled across this page while searching for advice on where in my custody/dissolution trial I can bring up the 6 false abuse allegations that my husband has placed on me (which were all dismissed for finding no abuse present). He was charged with terroristic threats and two assault charges when he threatened to kill everyone in the house (our two boys 3 & 4 were present), beat another person badly, and dislocated my jaw. He was only convicted of domestic and an assault and spent 8 days in jail. Now I am trying to prepare myself for this trail and its me against his lawyer... if anyone has any advice, please share it. Also, pray for me and my boys who have already been through so much.Hopeless10 months ago I have been falsely accused of child abuse against my son that I have raised for the past 3 years. My ex husband is accusing me of child abuse to hurt me and has made false allegations about me to the asst state attorney. They have no evidence and my ex husband has no proof of his allegations. I went four months with no contact with my son. Now I have had only 4 visits with my son for one hour at a time with a doctor present in the room and my ex husband has managed to have to courts enact a stay-away order against me. I cannot call my son, see him, go to visit him at school, or send any gifts. I can only write to him but he is not able to read yet and that means I must rely on my ex husband to read him letters. I raised my son for the first year on my own while my ex husband was overseas, and spent the past two years being separated from my ex husband, raising my son while he partied. I finally filed for divorce and walked away from the marriage thinking it would be quick and easy as I asked for nothing. When I started dating, problems began. Now, I'm being accused of child abuse with no evidence or history, and I have had my son taken away from me. I have not been able to have my son home since July 2009. I am in such pain and don't know what to do. My attorney has asked for another continuance (3 now), meanwhile my ex husband is brain washing my son and I am losing time with my baby boy. I don't know what to do anymore. I have taken and passed a polygraph, two pyschological evaluations, and have had great positive visits and reports by the doctor with my son. My ex husband and his father know a few people in power and my life has been taken away fom me. I have been outcasted in town and feel like a prisoner in my own home. Please help me. I'm desperate, sad, and frustrated.anne10 months ago i found out through social work records that my x partners sister has been maken annonymouse phone calls and accusations,my x partner phones them and asks updates after accusen me hitten my youngest son,which his dad admitted to social work was his siter and called it tit for tat,all accusations are kept on record as maliciouse calls so why are they not prosecuted and charged for it,seems be the main parent with mental illness is held responsible for everything wrong in a childs life,we are failed to be heard or have rights comes to seeing social work records kept on us unless done through courtsJJ10 months ago I wound up in Jail during trial, for 8 months, with shit and piss being thrown at me at all hours of the day or night. I am a big guy and so no one wanted to confront me physically. But I knew if convicted I would be living in hell in prison. I became my own advocate. I requested copies of all documents accusing me and transcripts of every court proceeding. I made my notes on them so I could help with my defense. It was the only thing that kept me alive, especially knowing that in this type of crime no evidence is needed, only the accusers testimony.Like I said before I am a big guy, and during that time I was dealing drugs and it was one of my clients who did it to me because I would not give him free drugs. I am also fairly good looking and have had numerous women lovers. This knowledge was the only thing that kept some incarcerated friends from kicking my ass or worse. The Dickerson brothers were bigger than me and notorious for going to jail once a month for a bar brawl. The older brother even warned me that if I got convicted that I should hang myself in the courtroom rather than come back into the jail.The following is a little explicit:The kicker in the whole accusation (the accuser was a boy of 6 coached by his father) was that the boy was asked how did he know I had penetrated him and he replied because he looked back and saw it. This was in every document. I couldn't believe that the accusation went so far. I had even asked the prosecutor, when in her office, if she had ever had anal sex and if that is the way she knew she was penetrated. I offered to pull down my pants and get an erection to see if she could handle my 8 inch and thick penis. That I had no problem showing it to her or anyone she appointed. Because if she had my penis in her ass she would know it before full penetration just as he would have screamed bloody murder if I had done it to him.But the only thing that got me off was I did my due diligence. I had a public defender who, as we all know, don't do much but make deals. I don't think he would have figured anything out without my help. So if you are innocent, do your own due diligence. There are too many innocent people in prison (25% +-). And that is injustice. Our court system doesn't care whether you are right or wrong, its all about who has the better argument. Justice is blind to many things, but the truth is number one.Annonymous10 months ago My kids dad and I are going through a recent nightmare. Two weeks ago thursday a lady came over and said she was from DCFS. She told me an annonymous person called in and said my kids dad sexually abused our daughter and what she said was an exaggerated lie. I do not know what to do!! My daughter is in daycare 5 times a week monday through friday 9am-5:30pm and when she is not at daycare she is at home with me. I cannot believe people can get away with calling DCFS and make up lies. I NEED HELP WHAT R WE TO DO?? THEY WANT TO DO A LIE DETECTOR TEST ON MY KIDS DAD PLEASE GIVE ME ADVICE OR IF YOU CAN HELP PLEASE LET ME KNOW MY E-MAIL ADDRESS IS BUTTERFLYGRL54303US@YAHOO.COM ALL UNDERCASE PLEASE SEND ME AN E-MAIL IF YOU HAVE ADVICE OR YOU CAN HELP WE CANT EVEN AFFORD AN ATTORNEYNicole9 months ago My boyfriend was falsely accused of child abuse...he and his daughter were playing and "rough housing" as he has always done with his daughter and my 3 year old daughter and all his nephews, his 6 year old daughter claimed he hurt her intentionally. She told his mother this because she kept pressuring her the child first told the grandmother they was really playing and he didnt try to hurt her but because she had gotten a bruise on her arm and a scratch on her face the grandmother kept asking repeatadly and as any young child will do she said what she knew would get her attention the most... Any ways his mother went to the police and the cps got involved, well by the time the child, who has previously had a problem with being a habitual liar and had been previously diagnosed with odd(obsessive defiant disorder), told the truth that they really was just playing to law enforcement it was to late.   we talked to many lawyers around and no one would take the case for less that 10,000 and we didnt have that kind of money laying around so he was stuck with a public defender who said this was his first case like this   (not really something we wanted to hear)  he was offered a plea of 20 years with serving 15 in federal prison   we didnt take it then he was offered 15 serving 10 we declined this offer also,   he then voluntarily with the help of the decision of his public defender took a lie detector test which was admisitered 3 times he passed every time... so he passed the lie detector and the child admitted she lied but neither mattered. The test couldnt be used as evidence because the district attorney didnt want it used. His lawyer even wanted to use character witnesses for my boyfriend and that was denied. So 3 days befor court he was offered a plea of 10 years 3 suspended 5 probation and serve 2 in prison... he was advised by his public defender it would be smart to take it because we couldnt prove his innocence and even if they was playing the way the statue reads on child abuse in mississippi temporary dismemberment(a bruise) qualifies as child abuse even if you are playing with your child and he or she gets a bruise its child abuse...if you spank your child and a red mark shows its child abuse..   how are you supposed to discipline your child.. the laws are so messed up to "protect the child" that nothing can protect a parent... No wonder so many children are into drugs and running around your pretty much not allowed to discipline your child.. Pretty much your houseing government property.   My boyfriend was told if he didnt take the plea and he went to court there was a great chance it wouldnt turn out well and he would be looking at 20 to life.. although it deemed him guilty he and family decided it would probally be the best because of the fact that if he went to court and lost that his 8 month old son could possibly be 25 when he was free or the 3 year old 28 and the 6 year old 31... So he was told by his grandfather that sometimes a wise man knows when to back down, so he did now he is sitting in jail for 2 years and will be on probation for 5 and will be a convicted felon for the rest of his life...  i dont know if thats the worst thing or the fact that the 6 year old child is off scotch free and has the power to do this again and she will i believe because now she knows what to do to get her way and get attention...   How are we supposed to be comfortable around our children with the laws so messed up. whats worse is there are children out there abused every day and the abusers are free....  My boyfriends family and i are going to try to make lie detector test admissable in court for future cases where the innocent are guilty.. if you have a case like this or know some one who has please email me the story at nicole_w22@yahoo.com   Thanks Nicole in MississippiMrs.JULIE BURANY9 months ago Dear Counsel,My name is Mrs.JULIE BURANY . I am contacting your firm in regards to a divorce settlement with my ex husband ( Mr Scott Burany) who resides in your  jurisdiction. We had an out of court Agreement  (Collaborative Law Agreement) for him to pay $796,500.00 plus legal fees. He has only paid me $82,000 since.I have been on sick bed over a protracted espionage long cancer. I am presently in London hospital  recuperating.I am hereby seeking your firm to assist in collecting the balance from him as he has  agreed already to  pay me the balance by next week as long as the payment is going into my legal counsel's trust account  who will also act as witness to this transaction.I want Your Firm to help me collect this  payment from him or litigate this matter if he fails to pay as promised as i am urgently in need of the money for my treatment and my children general well being. Kindly Reply to my Private email address: julie_burany20@yahoo.comSincerely,Julie.cannot reveal my name for legal pruposes sorry!!=(9 months ago I need advice. I have a 17 month old little girl and 3 month old son. well around 2:30 am just after easter my son woke up crying for a bottle and a diaper change. I awoke but by the time i got awake enough to be able to know what i was doing my boyfriend got up and took care of him. So i laid back down thinking thank you omg sleep. so i turned my back to them closed my eyes and tried to go back to bed. Well my son was screaming which he normally does when he has to be burped or needs a diaper my boy friend tended to all of this. well he couldn't calm him down so he asked for my help. my boyfriend had my son on his back and had it to where my son was grasping his fingers. he noticed that my sons left arm was non responsive. We didn't know what it could be and really didn't think of what could have happened for it to be non responsive we woke his dad and my daughter up. we all got ready and rushed to the hospital. upon arrival we couldn't explain what was wrong all we knew was that something was severly wrong and every time you touched or even moved my sons arm he would scream bloody murder. they took us back and we waited as they poked around on him. well they did an x-ray and found that his arm had a spiral fracture. i didnt know what a spiral fracture was just that a fracture was a broke arm almost. well we were freaking out trying to come up with scenerios on how this could have happened to my baby. the hospital called dcf and reported it. they came out and talked to us seperatly this dick head cop interigated us seperatly and because we couldn't tell them an exact story of what had happened it looks really bad. well the dcf worker said we know ur concerened and worried but we are not going to take your baby. we were releived she said they would put us through parenting classes and counseling and we were more than willing to comply with there demands. well 3 hours later she comes in with a car seat and says shes taking my baby. we freaked out we were running on lack of sleep we are still worried and we were histerical. i was in dcf all of my life and abused also so i know the pain. now they are trying to use the fact that i was abused against me trying to make it seem like i am crazy and is thinking abuse is ok well i am 110% against any form of abuse. They have ripped up our family my daughter is so confused the person watching my children while the caregiver is working is not sticking to my sons diet plan to help him gain weight because he was 3 weeks premature and breech when he was born and had a sensitive stomache so he was on soy formula. she is not feeding him the way he needs to be fed to help continue his weight gain and i cant stand this girl. They wont let my boyfriend see the kids they are making him look like some kind of monster. if my boyfriend handled im wrong when he went to care for him and it happened then then we both know it was an honest to god accident. my boyfriend has gotten to the point where he wont co-operate with them unless he has an attorney present i passed a u.a and they are coming out monday to inspect the home. i just visited with my beautiful little angels today and it went well still hard on any mother to be able to see her children for a time limit and have them taken again from you. We have already found so many things that dcf has done wrong they didnt u.a either of us when they took the kids they took my son back to the hospital for his hand swelling from the fracture and didnt notify me AT ALL!!! and im still pissed about that i want to know what happens to my kids whether its a paper cut or a bug bite i want to know. they never finger printed the caregiver within 24 hours of placing them in there care. and the caregivers family has been running there mouth about everything and were being slandered all over myspace. these people are making him out to seem like a monster me seem like im some peice of shit mother whos sum luv sick puppy and im tired of it. i want my children home where they belng so we never have to look back. so when we think of it its just a bad memory. please helpDan9 months ago To all you who have gone through this, and I have been wrongfully accused as well.  If you go to this site if can save you a host of un-needed drama.  http://www.pathguy.com/abuse.htm  Especially if you have just been falsely accused.  It is a horrific situation when people that you once loved could act in such evil and destructive ways.  May God have mercy on their soul.Rocky9 months ago State:WVReason: Falsely accused of Child MolestationI have been falsely accused of molestation. this has been going on for around 2-3 years. Lately, I've been Removed from South Charleston Taco bell (accuser's ex husband's workplace) because of this matter. He had told me not to talk to or even look at his son. I moved to another table quietly like nothing was said. Another employee had addressed us and gave us a take out bag told us (my girlfriends Step-Mother and myself) that I had to leave but she could stay. This happened recently at the beginning of April. We did leave the store quietly, just very aggravated. being publicly humiliated for no reason. I had broke down and cried over all of this, being accused over something I didn't do.Angie(girlfriend's Step-Mother)drove to my friends house to calm down I was so depressed about all of this. i just couldn't handle it.Am I eligible of emotional Damages?crissy20109 months ago Me and my feonce are being falsely accused of child abuse ATM. Almost 3 weeks ago we woke up from a nap to find our 4 month old had his leg stuck in the crib so i paniced and pulled him out. well he seemed like he was ok so we didnt worry about it till the next day. The day after it had happened he started acting like he couldnt move it so then we started to get a little worried. So we layed him on his tummy and he was using it a little better than on his back so we felt a little better about it. Then comes day 3 we had takin him out to my feonce's mothers house to get time to our selves for a night and she calls us at 11pm at night saying that its starting to swell and he is crying more. He had an appointment with a doctor the next day so we had them look at it then to make sure it wasnt broken and they sent us down to the ER for them to X-ray it and it came back as ok. Then they wanted to do a full body X-ray that consists of 27 diff. X-rays. Then they come back telling us that there were 9 fracture's on him 4 being spiral. We flipped out and i was in shock wondering what was going on. We had left to go to the house and get clothes because they said they were ganna keep him overnight because before they got all those results back they had just thought that there was a bacteria in the bone causeing it to swell. So we had gotten a call while at home then not even 20min. later a cop, detective, and social worker shows up at our door to take our kids, because i have a 2 year old too. They took my 2 year old into the hospital to examine him and do a full body scan X-ray on him he came out clean. Now there trying to charge us with felony child abuse which is 15-20 years locked up. My baby was born 4 months early, stillbirth took then 20min. to rececitate him but he made it and was in a mercy hospital for almost 3 months before we even got to bring him home. I dont know what to do because they are trying there hardest to pin this on us. We think that it could have possible happened while he was in the hospital for the 3 months. Needless to say we are going through some major hell right now and they have him in protective custody and were anly aloud to see him once a week supervised visits. We also have to take a phsyciatric evaluation to see if we are capable of doing something like this. I cant eat i cant sleep, all i want is my baby back but they are going to drag this out for another 2 moths possably. So i know how people are feeling being falsely accused of something that they havent done. I'm just hoping that they actually open there eyes and see that we didnt do this and love our kids with all our hearts. And all i know is when this is all over, and have my baby back im going to be leary with who has him and the way they are handling him. I also want to say that i can understand what the lady said 4 days ago about her baby and the spiral fracture well they are pointing fingers at me like they are at your boyfriend and im the mother for crying out loud. they were trying to judge my man on his past with a false assult charge on him and i told them you dont even be lookin at him for this he is a perfect father in every way shape and form. so now they are pointing at me. So i understand chick trust me. And good luck on yours. Just make sure you have a lawyer presant during any questioning and do not under and surcomstances answer any with out him presant becuase they can come back and say he said she said. And you dont want that so your boyfriend is doing the right thing when it comes to that. Just do not get snappy with them or irritated at anytime. you dont want them to have that on you.Confused, IN8 months ago Are you kidding me... Being accuse of something even little can ruin someone's life... If I am found guilty of this stupid and not true accuisation... I can lose my privelages of being a health care worker!!!  LIes hurt peoples lively hood and not sure why someone would make something up .. it's cruel!!!  And Not only Not only It isn't fair but I wasn't nice not rude but just... I dont know confused and caught off guard, and was defensive to the worker, who just showed up out of no place!!!  So I look guilty right?  or can I just still be in shock...hurt and angry couple in ga.8 months ago To say this last year was easy woulod be the biggest lie i ever told .my husband was accused of abuseing our children . My father and new wife wants my children for thier money . My kids have said that they told them what to say, and how and when to say it . dfacs came into my home , and checked our house . They had the police search my home 2 times . when they found nothing they still screamed he did this. I've asked for proof they say i have to trust them, but the fact is they have none. They said i have to trust them , but how can i trust them when they got on the stand all they did was lie. About everything . They said my children wouldn't have known anything about sex. My kids are 13 and 16 . They teach them about sex in school, and if they are telling the truth and my father and his chick did tell them what to say ... well wouldn't adults know what sex is ? no one listens . Everyone here in our town knows . we have no privacy ,and worst of oall they are letting my father and her get away with it . They never even asked them about it . And worse they are tring to put my kids in thier home. My father is a drunken abusive butthead . He had a child removed from his home for almost 2 years . But none of that matters. It's a bad nightmare and doesn't seem to be ending soon. I've neve had anything against me.But they tell me they r worried about me. And about the safety of my kids.Yet they want to put them in the hands of a drunk , mean abuseive man .I dont get it .Can Anybody give me some help? thank you .Tina Davenport8 months ago Crissy2010 I understand what your saying, my son and his girlfriend has two children, both premature.  It wasn't his arm it was his leg, and all of us are going through the same thing.  I have went and hired them an attorney, but the CFS, and the rest are wanting to know what they are preparing for the hearing.  I informed the kids not to talk to them about the case, without their attorney present.  Also, He got his leg caught in the babybed as well.  They only took one child into protective custody, and informed them that they might have to pay child support to this foster parent whom was late getting the child to a visit.  Did they say something to her, NO.  It just cut the time down for the visit.Karyme8 months ago My wife (along with our 17 month daughter) abandoned our home and went to a womens shelter. She accuses me of emotional abuse.  This is false, as she just wants out and wants me to support her habit.Should I change the locks at my home because I am afraid that if she returns, she may up the ante and accuse me of something that will get me arrested.  The police dont seem concerned about my concerns.parental rights needs to be enforced! 8 months ago I'm a mother of two awesome children. Unfortunately, my fiance was falsely accused of child abuse towards my daughter who is 11.Let me begin by saying that first of all I would not be with a man who I thought was abusive. If I had any doubts in my mind that he was we would NOT be together. I've known this man for over 9 years now. Longer than my first marriage with my ex-husband (which lasted 5 years). My fiance and I are planning to be married next near.My daughter decided to go to the school's principle in the afternoon to report that my fiance hit her accross the face.....Not true and here is why.1st of all I put my children on the bus every morning and there was no red mark on her face if there was my fiance would have left that same morning!2ndly, my son didn't say a thing or notice, and neither did my daughters teacher for that matter, or any of my daughters friends.3rdly, my daughter waited till the afternoon to report a story because she didn't want to listen that morning. When she reported it I was unaware of the report! I'm the emergency contact for her school "don't you think they would have called me?" Rather they didn't, and called the father instead (which I found out later). My ex-husband in return (a school teacher in our town, not the same school as my daughters) hands me a piece of paper ordering EMERGENCY TEMPORARY CUSTODY OF MY KIDS! And hands it to me as he was picking up the kids for the weekend! This is how I found out.My ex then after handing me the paper proceeds to tell me that my daughter had a mark on her face, and the principle stated the same thing. I find this amusing because firstly, there was no mark, it was filed as a non-emergency with DSS apparently, and in the report 51b it was filed as non-emergency. Why didn't my daughter go to the nurse? If there was a mark there would have been a report filed by the nurse "would there not?" however, there wasn't. Is it me or does this to you begin to sound like a conspiricy going on inside the school working with my ex-husband because he has some sort of influence as a teacher? Think about that one.If I had a student with a mark, bruise whatever, I would have sent that kid right away to the nurse and they would have not been coming home that day back to the abusers house....but guess what, the school sent both my children home that same day it was reported....still unaware anything was falsely said or filed....until that weekend my ex was having our children over.As frustating as this is, and how disappointed I am of my daughter for making such a lie. I can't blame her because well lets face it when kids don't get their way, they will say or do anything for either negative attention, or because they don't like the rules and regulations in a home. Have we all not done this people as kids....hello!To make matters worse I'm put in a report for neglect.....um excuse me on what grounds....you have no evidence to back up this, and you're basing it off hearsay. Not to mention you are dealing with a divorced families, and like most divorced families that are not easy, kids are unfortunately put in the middle, or can play sides.I have always been fair with my ex not going through DOR working with him for the sake of the kids but this time he's gone too far and I'm not putting up with it. Thanks to him, I've lost my job and college education for now, because of dealing with false alligations. It's not a pretty picture.Now DSS, the social worker I got has blown off three appointments with my fiance and I, is completely biased of us both and has zero intrest in listening to anything other than what the kids are saying. She not to mention completely screwed me in court by saying that it needs to be further investigated! Um....as to what....do these people not have common sense? My fiance and I have a house, 5 bedrooms, 2 full baths, and over a half an acre of land. The kids have their own rooms, he has provided more for my kids than thier biological father, who is mind you divorced twice, has 4 kids, and is on his third marriage.....um....how about a red flag there! And to top it all off he is a teacher in my kids same school system and lives an hour away, and my kids behavior did a 360 since he started working there! The list goes on and this is only a small percentage of the crap I've had to encounter with him.My daughter like most girls, is a daddies girl (I have zero problem with that!) I'm glad he is a part of my kids lives....but it's to the point it's an obsession and it needs to stop. I've never taken this man to court for a damn thing and stayed out of his personal life giving him the benifit of the doubt because he needs to live too. I get that. But when you cross the line to take my kids away from me with false alligations and get the school to back you up or Social workers "without proof" biased, and take my kids away even when he has them every other weekend and two days during the week....which is more than what most fathers have, you've crossed the line by not only putting the kids in a bad situation by getting them to lie just to live with you, or make things up that are untrue, you've crossed the line in my opinion. Even the mandatory councelor that Social Services Implimented agrees with me 110% and doesn't understand why this is being dragged out or why when I requested for a new worker are they still using her to go to my ex-husbands house, and sending a different one here! IT'S FILED AS NON-EMERGENCY AND THEY ARE MAKING IT OUT TO BE EMERGENCY! Not to mention neither myself or my fiance have a criminal record!In a nutshell, I'm tired of this, disappointed, and can't believe this is happening to my family. It's time that the governement looks as to how Social Services is abusing their SERVICES, and put PARENTAL RIGHTS BACK INTO EFFECT! I'm sorry but it's cases like these that make parents fear to even say anything to their children! And what then, pay taxes out of pocket for higher crime rates, and early pregnency in kids.....there is zero respect for parents today and not enough credit being given to those who do a wonderful job! I'm sick of Social Services thinking they control and have the final say. I'll be damned if someone tells me I'm a neglectful mother! Especially when I nor my fiance did a damn thing!Fed up8 months ago I was falsely accused of fracturing my four year old's (now five) clavicle last year. The irony of the situation is that this was an accident, witnessed by at least two teachers at his preschool, while i was not even present! My accuser? A jealous mom. She hates me because of the way I look. Watch out people! These false accusations are easy to make but have devastating effects on families. The false accusers will recieve no punishment whatsoever but they hold the power in their hands. It is completely unfair and ridiculous that they can get away with this. The laws must be changed to punish false accusers and set an example for others. I would never condone child abuse of any kind but as parents we are too vulnerable to the mentally ill individuals who know how to work the system. In my case, this jealous mom is a social worker. After she realized that her claims about my son were unfounded, she attempted to coerce my daughter into talking with her about " what was wrong". I still have to see this deranged woman on a regular basis and live in fear that the next time one of my kids gets hurt, she will be watching and waiting for her opportunity.hathor bateman8 months ago in 1995 and for neary 5 yearsi was acussed of mistreating  my son ifirst heard about this of a small note in my mailbox  fom there it  snow ball into  more trouble for my  family  my son then through this in more trouble  with his mates and police   eventunly  welefare found out it wasnt me  involed  and the  folled me for 4 years  stalking me where ever i went my son bashsd his sister and handicaped brother  plus his dad  years later welfare knew about  but did nothing about it i lost my  marriage through all this and hy xhusband never blieved me at the time welfare said sorry i wouldnt accept it at all my son with all the counsling he got over the years  made him worse  he is now going to court this month for stabing another person   his  a voilent man and i should have being giving awwritten appolgy  a long time ago for what happen  my xhusband had  cancer  last few years  abd i been sick from all this   tell me  what you think about this    hathorlost8 months ago i am currently being accused of putting my 20 month old stepsons foot into hot water causing him to obtain 2nd degree burns. i was running a bath for him and my son and i left him alone near the bathroom. i never in a million years thought that he would get into the bath himself. i was in the living room when i heard the scream and i ran in there and saw he had his foot under the running water. i rushed him to the er. CPS now believes i submerged his foot into hot water. my husbands family has been saying horrible lies about me. my son and daughter have been taken away from me and are with my mother in law (which is not an ideal situation but better then foster care). this is a horrible experience and its just beginning. i want it to be over i want my children back.unknown8 months ago my husband's father's girlfriend, a breast cancer survivor, was reported because she was (supposedly) seen smoking pot on her front porch. they sent over HR to do a surprise investigation sunday morning.  her daughter was dressed for church playing xbox while she was cooking breakfast. the HR investigator asked some questions and was intelligent enough to let it go.on another separate incident,my husband and i were called in to HR once because my x-husband had spanked our then 8yr child old on a weekend visit.  they didn't even call in the right people!when they told us about what happened.  we were confused why they had called us in.  we knew of the exact incident because his father called us to let us know he was riding his bike out in the street where it was dangerous. and he had taken a twig or something from the yard and spanked him with it.  he didnt get many spankings very often so we remember most of them and what they were for.i never spanked with switches (my mom used a spoon) but his father grew up that way.  and thats how he spanked him. he didnt spank him hard enough to leave any marks and we had our son back at our house the following week.our son told his counselor about the spanking the following year.like others here i couldnt believe that they were waisting there time on a spanking that happened over a year ago!it also was dropped.like the people are saying it appears anyone can cry wolf and they are all over it.the most painful thing i see for the parents above is that they will miss so many special moments with their children that they can never get back.  a first word, a first step, first game.  just the overall bond you get to form over the years with your child.its awful that this happens to people, people that cant afford the protection they need.and also once you are accused it is ALWAYS with you.even if you are proved innocent.  i know cause im to blame for looking at people this way in the past, celebrities, etc and thinking maybe they are guilty even though they were proved innocent.its devastating to hear all of these stories. its sad for the parents accused and for their children, because the kids  are dependent on CPS to be sure they are not breaking apart loving families by mistake.i am hopeful that there is a place for people to share.  i pray that all of the innocent people here are reunited with their loved ones.  and that the CPS will take this seriously  enough to change how they do things.Rehan7 months ago i have falsely accoused 2 weeks ago from my ex wife that i was sexually touching my step daughter when my ex wife was at work 4 years ago, this allegation made after when i applied for divorce.Now i have to go to police station in next 2 week to know if the charged me or not.i am confused and angry but hopping for good.Pj7 months ago These stories are horrible. There is something wrong with the system.My husband and I were reported to CPS, get this. FOR A BLISTER ON OUR CHILDS FOOT. The worker closed the case immediately, but it is troubling when a teacher can report a petty issue, when I am sure there are many children that are being beat, raped, tortured you name it. When they wasted there time and resources on us they could have been helping a child in need.We are considering a lawsuit, as the teacher questioned our daughter after the conversation with CPS, she did not follow proper procedures..the conversation was private.Any commentsAnd Gob Bless the innocent familiespraying is all i can do7 months ago Reading this brings tears to my eyes ,,my feiance has been in jailwaiting trail for almost 6 months ,we have a 2 year old and now a 4 month old , when i frist started dating him his x girlfriend was very jelouse, she had a little girl(3) who thought of my man as a dad and even know they broke up we would have her (babysit ) alot her mom was on drugs and the little girl always wanted to come to are house ... well right after i had my son these false lies started comming out bout my man rapping her .. FROM THE 1ST time it came to are attention we told his x to take her to the doctor . well she never did and we never heard from her or the lil one for over a year ,well all the sudden a hole year latter he is being chargeed , and pretty much just cause that little girl said it means he did it ... i mean all they doctors reports say she has never been raped but some one has convinced the lil one in to thinking this shit happened to her .. so i am praying that god lets the truth come out cause i cant loose my babys dad over a lie my youngest has never even got to touch her daddy , I am so upset and the worst part is thatlil girl is for the rest of her life gonna think he did this to her!!1 man i am scared but shit he didnt do anything to desever all thuslost and confused7 months ago Last night CPS came to my house. Since my husband and I had just finalized a step-parent adoption to my son, I assumed she was there to do a follow-up.I was wrong. She was there to investigate a report of abuse.My son had at some point, in some manner, told his teacher or nurse that his dad (speaking of my husband)had punch him in the head and knocked him out...When she questioned him, my son went on to tell her that I abuse him. I yell and spank and push him down, and throw him across the room, and he gets sent to his room for weeks. All for the tiniest of infractions.When it was my turn to be questioned I was all sorts of confused, and distraught. I explained that my 9 year old is extremely sensitive. He often feels that the world is out to get him. He has had a lot of trouble with bullying at school and no one seems to want to listen. His side of the story is always "they punched me, they kicked me for no reason. and when i tell the teacher, they run up and tell her it was me. so i get in trouble and they get away with it." (his teacher apparently told him she was tired of the tattling and if there was no blood or guts she didn't want to hear about it.I also told her of an incident a few days earlier when my son came home with all his notebooks and had cleaned out his desk. I was looking through his work, seeing what they do, and came across a journal entry dated months before. "My dad punched me. I don't know why. It really hurt. For no reason." When I questioned my son, he said he was "improvising". That he was writing a story and was making it interesting for his readers.     O.OI continued on with how I try my best to raise him. I was abused as a child and try very hard to not let any of that take place in my own home.Then my husband's turn came. I didn't hear most of their conversation, as I wasn't supposed to. But he did inform the woman that (and he has a much better memory than I do) he remembers an incident a few weeks back where my son came to him crying that I had hit his head off a chair. And when asked to further explain, it came out that I had given his a swat on the back of his head and he turned so quickly to get away from it that he knocked his head on the dining room chair.I am so lost right now. I don't understand why my son is so upset. I love him. I hug him everyday. He is well taken care of.I don't know how to explain the difference of abuse vs discipline to him. I tried. I told him a story of once, when I was about 15, my dad was so mad at me that he beat me with a wooden spatula for 20 minutes. Leaving black, and I mean black, bruises on my arms and back the size of grapefruits. I explained that there are families that don't all sit down to dinner together. Families that don't have food. I didn't want to scare him, or get his pity.I need so desperately for him to understand the difference. And the consequences of what could happen from the story he told.When I explained to him that he could be taken away, he didn't seem all that bothered. But tears streamed down his face when I informed him that my husband and I could also go to jail.Why does he think his life is so terrible?He has everything he needs. I would say "spoiled" but that always has bad connotations with it. Before now, I just thought he was privileged... Maybe his is spoiled.Any help or tips on how to get him to understand?And ideas on what to expect with CPS?It still hasn't sunk in. How likely is it that I could lose my child?CHRISTINE7 months ago I ALLOWED MY 13 YR SON TO FIGHT OTHER 13 YR WHO WAS THREATINH/HARRASSING HIM. WHEN MY SON WAS THROWN DOWN , HE WAS INJURED WITH A BROKEN COLLAR BONE, NO INJURIES TO OTHER BOY. WHEN WE GOT BACK FROM HOSPITOL POLICE SHOWED UP.AFTER WE EXPLAINED WHAT HAPPENED OFFICER ASKED ME [MOM] TO STEP OUTSIDE, THEN ASKED ME "IF I WAS THERE?" I SAID YES, THEN HE HANDED ME HIS CARD, WITH A CASE # AND SAID IF ANYTHING I CAN BE CGARGED WITH CHILD NEGKECT/ABUSE.  HAS ANY ONE HAD THIS HAPPEN TO THEM???PLEASE SOMEONE GIVE ME SOME ADVISE?????No way7 months ago Child abuse a very serious crime I got very I'll and sacrificed my marriage trying to defend a false allegation of the same when my son started your school. Let's hope I don't have to do it again with his younger brother.So by the 3rd social worker and just about everybody refusing to make a phone call to my sons scout leader who was the only person I had any support from a mental health worker who wanted to take him into care on the strength of a pastoral log (teachers notes) before she even met him I lost the plot with them all put together a number of recordings I had made that proved my innocience and their incopentance, took it to the head of the prior school who it would seem sorted things out.School head who's staff led my autistic son into making the allegation wrote to me unsure what he would be apologising for.My advice to anybody ever slightly worried about being in the firing line is to put up some cameras record every meeting and put everything you need anybody to do in writing.Then put it together on a cd send it to the in this case the head of the school and advise him/her you might put it on the web then they will treat you with some respect. They don't talk over my head now.Beleive me I was a lucky one who saw it comming in time to do something about it a lesson any abuse victim will tell you they might wish they had done as a child.Abused becomes abuser not always true some of us learn from our experiences and do our best to protect our own children from the same. Just google berrow wood school. (now closed by the authorities)     CHRISTINE7 months ago DOES ANYONE HAVE A THOUGHT ABOUT ABOVE STORY BY "CHRISTINE" IF THEY THINK I WOULD OR WOULD NOT BE CHARGED WITH CILD NEGLECT OR CHILD ABUSE???  THANKSmaryuk7 months ago my partners ex is accusing me of smacking and pinching her son! she has alo said that when we used to have him overnight and my partner went to work she said i burnt him with cigarettes.. i cant believe the lies that people would make up about their own chidren being harmed, i am a care worker and i have 2 beautiful daughters, i just need to know what is going to happen next, she says she is going to see her solicitor so he cant come to our house anymore because she says he is at risk of harm from me. am i going to lose my girls? im so scared iv been crying myself to sleep at the thought of losing them. please can someone give me some advice because i really dont know what to dodon't want to be indentified 7 months ago I have two kids one is 6 and the other is 9 the littlest one pees her pants alot and she has premature altisum. I was called on to youth and county services last year in 2009 by my school saying my kid smelt like urine.I told the case worker that she has a problem holding her pee that we get her good nights and she washes 2 times a day there is food in the house and they wash daily and clean clothes. They sent me a letter saying the case was closed and now in 2010 i moved to a new area in my county but the same county services they came out to my door on 6-10-2010 saying i was reported of child neglect they told me my child smelt of pee and not clean.I told them the same thing she washes 2 times a day she wears good nights to bed there is food in the house to eat she is not beaten or neglected she has a bed time and she is loved and cared for they told me i will be recieving a letter of exucution of cancelation letter and he told me that the case is closed.The first time he just showed up to my door un exspected i left them in to see the house and the kids and this time they called me i was surprised he told me the same report was made.but he talked to the kids and i was close by and asked them questions like do you go to school and eat and have a bed time they told them yes and that is when he told me that no more investagtion is going to be made should i be worried about this or no.My 6 year old she had accidents at night time and she pees i told them that she has a inconsadence problem and that she pees at night time. He told me that was understandable. what should i do after the letter shows up to my house.please let me know what i need to do  to get my self in the right path?unknown7 months ago TO UNKNOWM--GIVE YOUR DAUGHTER VERY LITTLE TO DRINK LAST 2 HOURS BEFORE BEDTIME.AT BEDTIME ALWAYS HAVE HER TRY TO PEE. ALSO I WOULD--GIVE HER SHOWER/BATH EVERY AM BEFORE SCHOOL [IF SHE DOES PEE]DoNotGiveUp7 months ago I was chraged with two sodomies of a child under twelve and rape of two children. I finally proed my innocence when the state attorney generals office dropped the charges. I was unable to get discovery in the case until the tenth month of incarceration. The therapist in all of this drove my kids mother to child protective services in order to get me. I also had two sister in laws who are drug addicts who want me and my childrens mother to break up. They spoke ill of me. I do not want them to have contact with me or my kids because of their lifestyle. I am still fighting child protective services. They labeled me indicated even though the state attorney generals office refused to prosecute the case.teri adams6 months ago i HAD ASKED MY SISTER,ANGELA HERMAN OF AZ, IF SHE COULD LOOK AFTER MY SON ANTHONY FOR A MONTH SO I COULD GET BACK ON MY FEET, SHE SAID SURE, THATS WHAT FAMILY'S FOR, WELL MY SON WAS NOT WITH HER FOR MORE THEN 3 DAYS, I CALLED TO TALK TO HIM AND MY SISTER WHO I ASKED TO WATCH HIM, AND MY MOTHER, WERE ON THERE WAY TO TEXAS TO GIVE MY SON TO HER DAUGHTER, THEN CPS CAME TO MY DOOR SAYING I ABANDONED HIM AT HER DOOR, SHE CAME TO FLAGSTAFF AZ, TO PICK UP MY SON, THEN SHE HAD SAID, I BEAT HIM SO BAD THAT HE COULD NOT TALK, ALSO SHE PUT IN THAT MY SON IS RETARDED, CHRISSY JOHNSTON, ANGELA'S DAUGHTER THAT ANGELA GAVE MY SON TO, ALSO SAID I BEAT HIM SO BAD THAT HE CAN NOT TALK, I FINALLY HAD THE MONEY TO RENT A CAR TO GO TO CALIFORNIA TO PICK UP MY SON, SHE DIDNT TELL ME SHE WAS GOING TO MOVE TO CALI, BUT SHE DID, I WENT ALLL THE WAY TO CALIFORNIA AND SHE ACKTED LIKE I WAS TAKING HER SON AWAY, MY SISTER FOUND OUT I WAS PICKING HIM UP, SO SHE CALLED CPS, SAYING I WAS HIGH ON METH, CHRISTIN JOHNSTON ALSO CALLED CPS SAYING MY SON WAS IN DANGER, CPS TOOK IT AS IF I WERE THE MOST SCRUD UP MOTHER ON METH, SO BY THE TIME I EVEN WAS IN THE STATE OF AZ, MY SON WAS A MISSING 5 YEAR OLD WHO WAS IN DANGER,SO CPS WAS LOOKING FOR MEAND MY SON, TRYING TO SEARCH MY FRIENDS HOUSE CAUSE MY SISTER CALLED THE COPS SAYING I WAS THERE BEATING MY BABY, CHRISSY CAME BACK TO AZ TO GET MY SON CAUSE CPS WAS GOING TO PUT HIM IN A FOSTER HOME IF CHRISTIN DIDNT HAVE HIM IN HER CUSTODAY, TILL THIS DAY I DONT KNOW WHAT THE REPORTS ARE CAUSE CHE CPS WONT TELL ME, MY FAMILY GOT CUSTODY, EMERGANCY COUSTODY FROM THE COURTS, MY SON IS SO MAD AT ME, AND I AM SO HEART BROOKIN THINKING HE DONT KNOW WHY MOM KEEPS GIVING HIM AWAY, MY SON IM NOT GIVING YOU AWAY, THERE STELLING YOU FROM YOUR MOMMY, AND I DONT KNOW WHY,I WILL FIX IT I HOPE WHEN I GET MONEY TO GET A LAWYER, HOPEFULLY THEY DONT TAKE HIM AND PUT HIM IN A FOSTER HOME AND DESTROY HIS LITTLE MIND, THIS HURTS SO BAD, I CANT WORK, CANT SLEEP, I HAVE NO LIFE NOW, BUT YOU ALL WILL PAY, I PROMIS YOU,,, TERI L, ADAMSmichele bovard6 months ago My brother has been serving time for child molestation, when no proper investigation of any kind was performed and the supposed victims father had even said his daughter had been lying to get attention.  There was no physical evidence of any sort at the hospital and I know for a fact her own father had laid naked in bed with her, I witnessed this myself.  I'm so angry that my brothers life is ruined and the truth doesn't seem to matter one bit.  The police of Gwinnett County doesn't care that he's innocent, no one seems to besides his family.  This is ridiculous, that so many people can lose their children and their lives because people assume if a child says something happened , it's automatically true.  I would think by now in the USA people would understand things aren't always as they seem and enough people would want the right thing as opposed to a knee-jerk reaction thing.  The frustration with the law and with ignorant people I feel far surpasses anything I ever thought possible.  I would love to know and understand why the same laws that apply to murderers, real rapists and serious drug dealers don't to supposed child molesters.  In this Country they are suppose to,period.  This BS about a 1,000 feet is just that, BS.  Where in God's name are these people on the list suppose to live?  They should be able to live like any one else in this great Country of ours!  I don't think we are so great any longer, we have thrown out what made us great for hysteria.  We should all feel real good about that!  If I sound bitter, angry, cynical.........whatever, I am!  Wades lawyer was pathetic, all he cared about was getting through it, since as he pointed out, he could make a lot more money on someone that had money.  He didn't even try as soon as the prosecution made an offer he advised Wade to take it, what the hell?  In my opinion since they came out with the offer immediately,I would have told them to F off, my client wasn't taking it, since they knew they had nothing otherwise why make the offer right off the bat?  No physical evidence, her own father saying she had been lying for attention, no proper investigation and yet my brother rots, wow..............what a great place we live!Rey Quinones6 months ago I was wrongly accused of child abuse and this is being on my record ever scence this happened and is affecting me greatly and I would like to sue the people who did this to me and after i get the money i would gladly pay any lawyer who would help me settle this immidietly.ok I was leaving with my wife and her kids 3 adults and 1 kid this adult one have hated me for years i have being with them for 9 years and then it happened one of the adult doughter of my wife who also wanted me out of the house for reason I know not ( because i never gave them any reason to hate me )and i was never alone with any of her kids never. so I think they saw no other way to get me that by telling my wife's grand doughter to lie to the teacher in school and say to the teacher that I was having sex with her jesus a 3 year old whom i grue to see as my own anyways the girl was taken to the doctors and she was given a full check up with regular doc and feranciscs they found nothing at all neither of them and i mean nothing  anyways i was arrested and while all this investigation was going on i was in a cell waiting for the results until morning the next day when the police officers let me go for lack of evidence i did not even go in front of the judge, yet I have this on my records iwas devestadated, humiliated , shamed . now my wife the mother of this individual who did this to me is still with me because my wife believed me and know that i would have never done or do anything like this i tried to talk to the da and he would not and he would not want me to go to court the da let the case open for as long as he could to get pay from it i think i even had lawyers talk to him and after that the same lawyers didn' want to help me  I need help please anyone who can help me get this of my back so i can go on with my life please help me I want to sue this people and clear my name from all this and i know that a law suite is in order i will pay gladly after i get this money but i need a lawyer 559 w 191 St Apt 21 nyc,ny 10040 /1917-529-6110 please help me some one please.ken6 months ago I am a physical therapist I was accused to have touched a child inappropriately during one of my session. We operate in a very open area and there is hardly any close and confined space that this event could have happened. All the time I was with other people while seeing the child. I dont know what  the child has said to his parent but they have contacted the administrator and filed a case against me. I dont know what to expect and i dont know what to do. I only saw the child 4 times. One is together with his parent. need help..confused6 months ago Im from Ohio. My wifes family has been against us being together ever since we got together. Her mom wants her living with her and hates that she moved in with me an hour south. When we got married, childrens services were called about an hour after we said I do. So they came and told my wife she had to place the kids somewhere, which was with her mom. She went down to be with them till after the investigation. Well, they found it unsustainable but within the first couple weeks of being at her moms, my wife got with her x husband while she was pregnant with my child. I filed for divorce. When she broke up with him, she wanted me to drop the divorce, this is mainly due to the fact she wasnt going to be able to get full custody. I didnt take her back. But 7 months later, my son was born, my heart melted and I took her and all the kids back. I dropped the divorce 5 months later and the same month on our anniversary, children services were knocking on our door again. She signed to let the kids go to her moms again, went to be with the kids again, and now a couple weeks after being there, she is dating another guy.... again.... Well needless to say I dont trust her or her family or the situation at all. I obtained a lawyer. The investigator said that all she needs to do is talk to me, get my side of the story and she could close the case. I wanted to talk to her cause I have nothing to hide but my lawyer doesnt want me to talk to her until he has a better understanding of what was said. They were checked out to be physically fine but whatever the kids grandmother put in their heads has dragged this investigation out for 45 days now. My lawyer sent letters to all who are involved but he hasnt gotten anything back yet. I have to file for divorce agagin. I feel like she has the most to gain. Its like she got back with me just to have me drop the divorce, used the alligation as an escape route and a way to sway the custody in her favor. She called me wanting me to talk to them and get it over. She said the investigatior told her all they are doing is waiting to talk to me to get this over. My lawyer wants to file someting in court to have them take jurisdiction and attempt to shut the safety plan down because I havent seen my son in 45 days and it is killing me. But I dont want this to go to court. The kid that Im being accused of whatever with is 4. I'd like to just talk to the investigator and get it over with. If you dont have anything to hide why not talk to them.Kelly5 months ago I just had a CNS worker show up at my house two days ago with accusations that I smoke pot and drink with my 15 year old son, who i might add is currently on probation and testing clean for the last 2 years.  SMH if my son had tested clean for 2 years straight now how is it possible that he is doing drugs with his mother.I am currently going to school studying criminal justice and plan to enter the next police academy class so why would I be doing any type of drugs.I had informed the worker that currently I am going through a bad break up and that my ex left and left me with a mountain of bills and back rent already owed and now I am stuck on unemployment trying to pay these off.Fortunately I had lots of food in my fridge as I had just gone food shopping, my house was clean and I grabbed the cup from her right then and there and submitted a sample for a drug test.The question I have is with all the proof of no possible drug abuse in the home how long can they keep this case open.smith9994 months ago My son was convicted of child abuse in 2009,a class 5 felony. He is currently serving a 1 1/2 yr sentence do to a 5 yr prior drug felony. He and his wife were forced by CPS to divorce. The mother was accused by CPS " failure to protect her children". She was not home at the time the baby was injured. Her mother(grandma) made sure to lie about the relationship of the two. CPS is on the side of the grandma! Grandma has her two children. During the court hearings (which took 2 yrs of hell and $$$) the couple had another baby. The grandma does not know of this child( She suspects there is something going on). Mom is a good mother to her children with no doubt , the grandma has guardianship of the two children. Mom gets visits every weekend.! I have no idea if my son is aloud to see his  new baby in prison. The mom was told by her attorney she heard a rumor of her having a baby. She is not on good terms with the attorney. She owes $$ and is bankrupt from this whole situation. My worries now is Can CPS come in and take this baby? The baby is not in harms way. Can anyone give me their feed back?angela4 months ago its been almost 2yrs since my children have been gone. i have an 8yr old daughter and a 3 yr old son and a 16 month old all 3 are in foster care. my daughters school notifyed dss about her being sexually abused the day that this was reported i had just taken my daughter to a doctors appointment the school was complaining she had redness between her legs come to find out she had an infection due to getting a bubble bath she was examined down there there was nothing pointing to abuse.my x husbands also in the picture he pays child support and we have joint custody of her. he doesn't care about our daughter hes always yelling and screaming at her. the day it was reported is the day i lost my children i was also 5 months pregant carrying my boyfriend child.i took my daughter to cac to get interviewed and iwaited there it seemed like hours finally i got answers they said your daughter accused your boyfriend and her father and some other people of abusing her they told me since i couldn't protect her shes being placed in foster care then they said there taking my son to who was 15 months old at the time. after my children were taken they came to the house and did a forencic investagation collected everything even took the computer well almost immedantly we hired a lawyer to get our kids back he cost a fortune. a week later my boyfriend took a poly test and passed then her father took one and failed her father admitted having sexual dreams about his child but he was never arrested for it. to this day they cant find any evidence pointing that she was abused by us. and the most screwed up thing of all is the state is giving her father full custody and trying to terminate my rights as a parent so they can adopt my 2 boys. i have spent over thousands of dollars and delt with heartach especially just to see your children for 1 hr a week. these people have ruined my childrens lives just for there own greed. ill never stop fighting for my children i will prove my innocence and that this system is corrupted.the pink umbrella4 months ago heres the thing. My boyfriend is a drug addict currently recovering in a rehab facility. He has been there for 3 weeks, and dyfus is now focused on me for some weird reason. The person who called (spencers mother) Dyfus, told them that i am an amazing mother, and that they just wanted spencer to get help and that i never put my child in danger. I always have food in the house, diapers, and my child is happy and healthy and progressing normally. So do i have any rights? I mean, i purposly skipped an in home appointment today because im so tired of this. Why do they want to come by once a month? Not only is it infuriating to me that they come here and scrutinize everything saying the baby runs on his toes (which he dosnt) and should be drinking from a cup right now (my decision) but i dont like the neighbors seeing a dyfus van pull up, its embarassing. Spencer was the problem, and he went to rehab on his own, no one made him, and hes is not here and wont be here for 45 days, so why am i in question now? I seriously dont want anything more to do with dyfus, and i called today and left a message that someone call me with a reason a legal reason why this needs to be kept up, because i said im not interested in participating in these visits any longer, and i stated that i was going to search for my legal rights online...does anyone know where i can find them because im looking, and i cant find anything.the pink umbrella4 months ago by the way, i left dyfus a message tuesday night, and its thursday night...i havnt had a call since. I dont know weather to be relieved or worried. i keep imagining police knocking my door down in the midle of the night and yanking adon from my home.Unknown girl 4 months ago One time I watched my little cousin for my uncle and when he came back. My three year old cousin out of know where started crying. She wouldn't stop crying so he accused me of abusing his daughter. I'm still hurt over it because I would never do anything like that to a person.Rod4 months ago Well, it looks like Im an a big truble. After reading these story it look like hell is waiting for me. My step douther acuse me of molesting her, and the whole familie is on her side. But Im inocent, and the go a fight on their hand.aime4 months ago i am really scared me and my mom fight just like any other teen and mom sunday she threw a salt shaker at me and it hit me in the nose social services went to my skool to talk to me this is the second time in 5 yrs that my mammaw has accused my mom of child abuse im fourteen and fear that i may be taken away from my mom and put into a foster home what should i doTina4 months ago Hi my son is 7 years old and he is being accused of assult against my boyfriends 3 year old daughter she is saying that he touched her bits down below my son has two sister's aged 6 and 4 my son would never do anything like this how do i go about it? iam do worried my kids maybe taken away :(MESSEDLIFE4 months ago This was a nighmare, to make a very long story short.  I had 3 kids by the time I was 19 my ex husband was in the navy.  My 1 month old was hurt bad.  I had just put the kids to bed for a nap well thought it would be okay to take one of my pain pills for the c section I had that just would not close.  I feel asleep, woke up to my 1 month old crying and went to see what was wrong she had bruises all over her face. I picked her up and rushed her to my neighbors to get a ride.  Bottom line is my 2 year old did it.  When asked he stated he was playing with her.  Well they did not believe that.  And stated that I did it and stop trying to blame my son.  They wanted me to take a polygraph my lawyer said not to because of my cp.  So I ended up jail for 3 months my kids get taken from me I was never in trouble before not even a traffic ticket and could not even get a OR from the courts.  I wanted to take it to trial being 19 and scared my defense lawyer told me it was a supid move and that I could await up to a year before going to trial.  So I asked him what I should do? he said take the plea bargin and you will be out today. So I see my son 16 years latter and he said he tried to tell them the truth and they still would not believe him.  My daughter that was hurt turned out great she is smart and pretty and I guess I have to be happy with that, then I am. To the people out there accussed of a injustice do not cop out like I did because I did not know the system.  Fight and try to get yourself a paid lawyer money will and always talks.she is my blood4 months ago hello i just had my fourth kid she has down syndrome and now my boyfriend is in jail because of my sister. she said he was molesting and bearting my kids so i got my kids takin away and lost them to the one who called! it is costing his family 30,000. and mine 15,000. She even called the police and dhs and told them she lied and they dont care! please pray for my familyFrecj4 months ago As I scroll down the page reading story after story about how DCF has broken up homes and invents child abuse cases to justify their existence, I realise parents need to ban together and fight this destruction.  An Anonymous phone call was made to DCF (coincidentally on the same day I filed contempt of court charges against my ex).  This retched person was making police reports while I was at work, planting evidence in my bedroom, and poisoning my child's mind against me.  The caseworker assigned seemed to take pleasure in saying things to me like "your daughter wants nothing to do with you", and you have a alcohol and drug problem, you'll never see your child again unless you take a drug test, which of course she never ordered, but I always submitted to.  You are not innocent until proven guilty when you are falsely accused, it is a broken sick system where anyone can make any kind of accusations against anyone, no investigation into the truth is needed.  This dispicable caseworker lied to me about almost everything and failed to cooperate with me in anyway.  There was not a shread of evidence to anything I was accused of.  I haven't seen my daughter in over a month and don't expect to for a long time since the court granted the "real child abuser" custody, just because he claims I hit him and my daughter, of course there being no prior accusations for the almost 16 years he was out of her life, and to this day I have to fight with everybody for telling the truth, no-one believes you.  I don't know if this will help, but I filed a complaint with the Inspection Generals office for Florida, against the caseworker for unprofessionalism, lying, and for downright incompetence.  I hope this gets me somewhere and I would encourage all of you to do the same in your state.  This is a nightmare no good parent that loves their child should ever go thru.  The real crime that is being committed here is the system that endangers children is the very one that is suppose to protect them.Ward3 months ago I am going through this battle.I split with my ex-husband back in may and he has been after me since then.Well my current boyfriend had to leave home because my ex husband told cops that my boyfriend sexually abused my daughter. but the thing is he has not been around for weeks or even spoken to the kids.Now we are in different counties and the kids are grieving and depressed.My daughter even told us he did not do anything to her. all the tests come back negative. But the state is taking their time and destroying us even more. I hope the father goes to jail for the suffering we have been through. I think its bull crap that we have to go through this we all most had everything we ever wanted but now my boyfriend lost his job and really depressed because he can't be around us.I don't think no one should have to go through this.Janice3 months ago My daughter and our family is currently going through a nightmare in the RI Family court system due to my grandchildrens' doctor and her staff to set appropriate appointments and to humanly understand that right before a holiday that people close "shop" early and felt the need to call DCYF on my daughter because my daughter didn't do as instructed (because of an enlarged abdomen with my granddaughter...which after a battery of test have no conclusion as to why this occured). The doc sent my daughter to an x-ray lab that closed early the day before Thanksgiving. My daughter called the office to make them aware of this and the docs office said Friday would be fine...I guess the doc had 2nd thoughts, called DCYF and sent a rescue to my daughters' house where they transported her to the hospital. I took my grandson that night while all this was going on. While my daughter was being "prosecuted" by the hospital staff, they ran a battery of test on my granddaughter. They found that she had 3 previously broken ribs, and a previously fractured leg. We suspect that the ribs was caused by a television set falling on her 5 months previously that my daughter took her to the hospital and they NEVER did an x-ray (mind you she was a year and a half old and the TV set was a 19" older television (about 43 lbs-my daughter weighed it)She had it on a nightstand in their playroom and my grandson knocked it over. Also my granddaughter fell down a flight of stairs a month previously due to a faulty door latch on her apartment door. Her landlady who lived down stairs heard her fall and went to her. My daughter and her checked her out and she seemed ok laughing and playing but favored her knee the next day and was ok after that...no bruising, running around playing and eating like all children do. My grandchildren are now in foster care. My daughter and her ex boyfriend settled the civil suit with DCYF and is undergoing the re-unification process. But the AG's office is still pushing to send them to jail and for them to NEVER see there kids again! They were NEVER arrested for any abuse! They pleaded nolo to simple neglect because she had missed 4 previous doctors appointments in the civil case. This is a travesty of mega porportions! I have clearance to get my grandkids into my custody but at the time my daughter was on welfare, lost her welfare, so she lost her apartment because of over-due rent and has been living with me and trying to work a full time job, night school, drug test (court ordered), and visitation once every other week. To me, and I know my daugter and her ex boyfriend, if the state knew me, they would know that If I EVER witnessed my daughter or her ex EVER harmed these kids, that the wrath of me would be far worse than any court could provide. This is such a waste of taxpayers money on accidental coincidences that I have ever seen! We go to trial in November she's supposed to get the kids back in December...I don't forsee that happening...Wow3 months ago What to do...this is very common to be guilty of this and have to be proving yourself innocent.  Nuts.Janiem3 months ago My sister-in-law Laura, falsely accused her father George Martin of raping her when she was a child. She had 'recovered memories and stopped speaking to the family for seven years. Now she says she lied and wants a relationship with him again. But she is currently accusing her brother and his wife of sexually abusing their children. Why are narcissistic drama queens allowed to commit crimes like this and not be prosecuted?anon3 months ago hi,I just wanted to say that I myself have been a victim of child abuse, and reading all your stories about being falsly accused is horifying and it is sick to make a false statement the authorities are doing the best to protect all children, I myself am persuing a man through court who groomed me and assulted me but i have very little evidence, this man is a serial actacker and no body has stopped him yet so I just wanted to say that although you and your families have been hurt by these isck people making the claims please just keep in mind that the police are there to protect the kids at the end of the dayThanksLynda3 months ago On September 24th of this year my stepson, in front of witnesses, strangled my dog and almost killed it if not for my daughter interveening.  I proceeded to spank him  on the butt for his actions.  This is a kid that constantly gets into fights with other kids and is constanly bruised from it.  On Sept,28th an officer and cps worker came to my house because a woman at his school saw a bruise on his arm and stripped searched him in class and found bruises on his back.  Now I have been accused of abuse and my stepson and husband ( his legal father) are not allowed to live with me.  My husband was told that if he brings his son around me then he will be taken away from him.  My life is in total disarray and I have been arrested from this accusation, almost lost my job, my family had to bail me out and I am completely humiliated in front of my community.  Where is the justice for the parents wrongly accused.  This kid has school documentation of severe behavioral problems and prior to living with me had no structure or discipline.  So now what happens if I am found not guilty, are the cops gonna say," oops,my bad"  The damage has already been done and my family is split apart.  Does anyone have any suggestions.  I live in New York State.leia2 months ago on may 26 2010 my daughters father who had just recently came back in to my life  was visiting his daughter who at the time was 9 months old i have 2 older children sons 13 and now 11  the us marshalls BROKE IN TO MY HOUSE WITHOUT A WARRANT OR TELLING ME WHO THEY WERE  THEY HELD GUNS AT ME AND MY DAUGHTER TRYED TO MAKE ME LIE DOWN ON THE FLOOR LIKE A DOG  MY DAUGHTERS FATHER HAD WARRANTS FROM ANOTHER STATE THAT WERE NOT FILED UNTILL 2010 BUT THEY SAY IT HAPPEN IN 2003 THE US MARSHALLS WENT UPSTAIRS HELD A GUN AT MY 65 YR OLD MOTHER  AND ORDERED HER DOWNSTAIRS  THEY THEN WENT TO MY SONS ROOM KICKED IN THEIR DOOR AND WOKE THEM UP WITH HOLDING GUNS AT THEIR FACES AND YELLING AT THEM TO GET DOWN STAIRS  my younger son is austic and has a hard time understanding people esp when you wake him from a dead sleep  my daughters father was arrested and  taken away 4 hours later they came back and arrested me  i left my children with my mom and brother  and my daughter went to stay with her other grandma  they were being cared for  they had food clothes and a place to sleep they were clean 2 hours before i was to be released from that hell hole dcs came to see me  they told me the kids had been placed with my brother  all the kids they said my mother nor i could go home  why ? because i had been taken away from my mom for a short time back in 1983 i was not allowed to see my children  i had been in there 8 days and the only thing i could think of was seeing my children holding my baby girl close to me  the next day we went to dcs that was the first time i had seen my children in 9 days i didnt hardly get to talk to them i was watched like i was some kind of monster  and i entered in to a perm plan they took my children from my brother placed them with another family member then they were placed in a family in another town about 2 hours away from me  as to date i have completed the perm plan and i am not allowed to see  my children my daughter is now 14 months old i have been told that my children were sexuraly abused and i knew about it my mother knew about it and my brother  the problem being is that part of the perm plan was that i went to all my childrens doctors appts i asked the doctors to check and make sure nothing had happen just because of my daughters fathers charges i just wanted to be sure and i didnt trust dcs so i wanted proof  the reports all say that no signs of sexural abuse happen when i said this to dcs guess what i was told oh there wouldnt be any evidence really ? there wouldnt be i am sure  i am not giving up the fight but i am told that they may charge me on the failure to protect law  bring it on you already put me in jail took my children  what else can you liars do to medpinoy132 months ago This is why Children should research about Child abuse and child rights before secretly acusing their parentsFound Not Guilty2 months ago i was accused of aggravated criminal sexual abuse in the state of Illinois, my step-daughter made accusations that i had gone into her bedroom and put her hand on my penis. I was arrested at work, my wife left me and my own 2 yr old and 3 yr old sons were away with thier mother for almost two months. My wife came back to me on Christmas of last year once she received certain evidence. She says she didnt beleive it at all but had to support her daughter.Well i was charged, arrested, i had to hire an attorney for about $8000.00, the DA has made a couple of offers to us over the last year and myself and my attorney said hell no, this is going to trial. I was ordered out of the home i pay for and to have no contact of any kind with my kids. I am a very loving father that gives everything i have for my family. And come to find out my 13 year old step-daughter was sleeping with a 20 year old man at the time of this accusation and clearly wanted me out of the picture. Long story short i went to trial with a 7 man 5 woman jury to find me not guilty it only took the jury 15 mins to deliberate. I still have a ways to go though, as DCFS has found me indicated of this no matter what the State Court finds....how can this be??? How can they without even talking to me or questioning me or being at the trial pass this kind of judgement?? I was tried and found NOT GUILTY!!! I have lost 30 lbs in the last year just due to stress....This whole DCFS system is the most terrible system i have ever dealt with. I would never touch any kid in any appropiate way...this still baffles me that i can be found not guilty in a court of law by a jury and yet indicated by DCFS. My wife and I and my two little boys do live happily together nowm, but i need to know how i can go about getting DCFS indication un-indicated. What a bunch of hose shit...Elaine2 months ago My step daugher was mad because I didn't want her boyfriend over that weekend.  Just because I thought she needed to spend some time with her friends.  She told her mother horrible lies. Her mother told her to report it to the school.  I blame the mother for she knows us very well and should have spoken to us first.  CS came and found nothing and apparently step daughters story changed several times and she said it was a year ago her father hit her.  How long does it take to get a letter from them letting you know it was unfounded?  The caseworker said it was unfounded.  It it over yet or will we keep having to deal with this?Rachel2 months ago Hello, i was in a custody battle in 2008 for my son, his grandparents had a emergency order of protection put against me using false accusations , they were able to take temporary custody of my son and i could not see or contact him. it took me one month to obtain a lawyer to have it dismissed and some form of visitation established, i then filed to get my custody back Feb 18, a deposition was set for the following April 24 and our actual court date for may 8th but at the desposition there whole case fell apart and they wanted to settle everything and not have the court date so i agreed that they could have visitation every weekend and a few weeks in the summer, I was awarded with sole custody care control and education of my child. i fear they will try and do this again, are they able to do such things and what can i do to stop them.innocent8 weeks ago In April I was falsely accused of 8 felony counts 6 related to sexual things with a minor and 2 related to furnishing alcohol.  I was asked to come talk to a sheriff for an investigation which was a joke because he only talked to me for about 4 minutes.  2 weeks after that I was arrested.  Spent a day in jail before my family got me a lawyer and bailed out.  After we got the arrest warrent it states a friend of ours son who was there the night this supposedly happened as the kids witness.  This person was never questioned even though I told them he was and they could have easily asked him and had it all cleared up.  So far the case has not gone anywhere but it looks like this month it will be taken to trial.  The D.A. tried to offer a horrible deal where I would accept the 2 lowest felonys.  The lawyer and I agreed it was ridiculous and I certainly would not accept guilt for something I didnt do.  What makes us all mad is that besides talking to me all of 4 minutes there was no investigation.  There is no medical or physical evidence and I have witnesses saying it didnt happen.  My lawyer says sadly this happens a lot in this state which is Kansas.  If it werent for my friends and family and church family I dont know how I would be getting through this.  After I go to trial and this kids lies are proven we plan on suing.  They can never give me back my dignity and I have anxiety attacks and depression because of this.  I want them to know lying is not acceptable.WorriedMamma7 weeks ago I think my step son's preschool teacher might try and accuse me of abuse. I have 2 boys one is 2 and half and the other (which is my step son) is 4yrs. They play rough as all boys do. While they were playing in the morning, my oldest fell on this big toy truck that they have. He told me he had jumped off his bed and landed on it, he even gave a full on demo of what happened. It did leave a reddish bruise on his lower neck. When I picked him from school the teacher was questioning me about it and I told her what he had told me, (obviously I wasn't standing in the room when he got hurt). After we got in the car he told me that they are going to take a picture of it when he goes to school tomorrow. Now I'm worried that they are going to try and accuse me of child abuse. I don't know what will happen, will social services show up, are they going to try and take my kids??? I don't know what all happens with a first time report so to speak?? I live in colorado, does anyone have an idea at what I might be dealing with?? Please HelpElaine7 weeks ago WorriedMammaI can't imagine them taking your kids for a mark on the neck.  Just be honest with them, don't stress.  They have to deal with real issues like starving kids and abused kids. Don't even worry about the teacher or whatever she is.  Make sure you tell her that photographing your child without your permission is against the law!!!!LonelyDad6 weeks ago Dyfs has been in my families lives for the past 2 years due to an anonymous phone call saying i was on drugs and my wife was going to kill our kids. Two quick drug tests for me and a psych evaluation for her and everything should have been over because we proved the call to be false. So they began to pick anything they could to stay involved. The house is messy, the kids aren't respectful, they need us to give them counseling. whatever they wanted to say just to not close the case. Well finally i screwed up and kicked my son in the butt when he refused to get ready for school for the second day in a row. I immediately regretted it and knew i shouldn't have done it. In the two years we had been dealing with them there hadn't been any abuse accusations. But this one mistake has ruined my life and i would say ruined my families too but i have not been allowed to see or talk to them in the past 15 days. Dyfs put my kids and wife in a safe house. They called the county prosecutor and had him have his office arrest me and charge me with child abuse. when they took them they told my father-in-law that it would be less then a week until we would bee in family court. Well up to 15 days and they still haven't even filed with the court yet and at on point they tried to tell me that there was going to be no court because dyfs would decide. I fought that and supposedly now they will take this to court but when is the big question. I tried to start therapy at the place dyfs told me to go but since i told them i didnt want them to pay, they refused to tell me or my therapist what direction they want us to take the therapy. almost like they want me to fail. I finally agreed to let them pay because i wont be able to afford it as often as i need it and they wont let me see the therapist that i'm comfortable with even though he works for the office they are sending me too. i have to see the one that they want me to see. Sounds like they really want to help me get better, doesn't it? haha. And now the latest thing that i have heard from someone that did talk to my wife is that they have already tried to talk her into divorcing me, and when she flat out said no to that, they are now telling her that she has to file in court for full custody and that if she refuses to do that they are going to remove the kids from her too. Maybe im dumb, but that doesnt seem right to me. and not just from a moral standpoint but from a legal one to. i dont see how that could standup in court if it came out. maybe someone who reads this will be offer some advice or explain that to me. when they first took my family i called them to find out what they want me to do to get my family back and they listed three different types of counseling. I started the one on my own (the one who is now no good) and the other two i have made calls to try to get into. Im willing to do what it takes, but now im wondering if its all useless? Are they going to push through whatever they want without caring how hard anyone is trying, and with out caring that every individual person in my family is saying that we want to be together? Dyfs has become way to powerful and seems to do have no problem doing what they want no matter who it hurts. I understand that in theory dyfs is a very good idea. Having an organization who looks out for our young who cant defend themselves. in practice though they seem to have gotten away from helping families and at least in my situation seems to be more of a witch-hunt for me instead of helping my kids or helping our family.pete ross6 weeks ago charged with a crime i did not commitpete ross6 weeks ago falsely charged and convicted   now i have to register as a tier 2 sex offender for something i absolutely did not do. i got divorced and became very succesful. my ex wife got very jealous,she had my daughter and stepdaughter make up a story saying i rubbed my penis up against my stepdaughter. i cant even wrap my mind around such a heinous and disgusting act,it makes me wanna puke.i got a visit from detectives,blew me away,agreed to talk to them(mistake) they distorted my story to a point of lieing. NEW HAMPSHIRE POLICE HAVE NO INTEGRITY! they wanted me to take a lie detector,if i passed i'd be cleared, i readily agreed knowing i'm innocent. in the meantime i contacted a attorney, he said absolutely do not take the lie detector,they are in no way accurate and are subject to the administrators interpretation. in other words if the police are allowed to give you a lie detector test it is gaurnteed to come back deceptive.  POLICE LIE  always have a third party administer the  test. anyways i had a third party give me the test twice and passed both times. hired a lawyer,private detective. cost me 30,000 bucks for a crime i never comitted, this drug out for over 2 years all the time im wondering how my daughter whom i use to love so much could do this to me and if i was gonna go to jail for a heinous crime i never did.  trial date was coming up--- at the court date right before trial the prosecuter offered me a plea bargain. drop the charge of felonious sexual assault and plead guilty to indecent exposure and lewdness,have to register as a sex offender for 10 years and 3 years probation--no jail time. i literally had 20 minutes to make the decision to take the deal. my spendy lawyer said it was a "VERY TRYABLE CASE" but he also said i was in control of my future right now---take the deal and know for a fact i wont go to prison --or put my life and future in the hands of 12 strangers in the jury trial. i had no clue of the ramifications that go along with being a falsely charged sex offender. i wanna puke.  i took the deal because i know our justice system is corrupt. now 8 years later they change classifications on sex offenders and instead of registering for 10 years,like my sentence said, they say i have to register for the rest of my life. so they changed my sentence on me  randomly. I WILL FIGHT THIS WHEN MY 10 YEARS TO REGISTER IS UP,  my daughter has since turned 18 and has yet to come clean and tell the truth,i don't think she would get in trouble because she was a minor when she was forced to lie by her mother. i have lost my daughter,jobs,friends,family over this false charge. THE PEOPLE WHO KNOW ME KNOW IM NOT THE GUY THE SEX OFFENDER REGISTRY MAKES ME OUT TO BEHow can someone live with telling such a lie,how can they look in the mirror and like themselves??  I HAVE NOT LET THIS BEAT ME AND I NEVER WILL CUZ I'M NOT THAT GUY. i am still very successful and my family is very well off. It's a shame my daughter doesn't get the chance to live this lifestyle people dream about. KARMA IS REAL OH IT IS   the people responsible for this false charge will get theirs---oh they will somedayLucy Jones6 weeks ago I had my two children before marriage and theres no father on their birth certificates and two weeks ago my husband soon to be ex, after being away in a different country for a year shows up at my front door with cutody papers from a local judge and took my children. I havent been able to see them in two weeks and went to court and showed the judge the petitions were written with wrong ( the last names and middle names were wrong for the children) and gave him the birth certificates as proof he made a mistake. my husband still has the kids and they want to arrest me for contempt of court for fighting for my children to stay with me.I'm heartbroken,angry and need help. I have no power. I have police reports of abuse and live at the dv office. I want  my children back, help!David Jones5 weeks ago I was arrested for donestic abuse of 2 kids:my 12 and 15year old grand daughters. I had been hit,kicked,had heavyobjects threw at me my them.Been cussed by them.I have toldthem many times to stop hurting me and to leave my home.They would not mind.I was taking Paxil,and have been for a very long time,I fought back against them and as I said wasarrested.I am out of jail on bail and am having a hard timegetting a lawyer.Please I am a 68 year old man who needshelp.Can anyone help me?Protectchildren4 weeks ago NJ DYFS is the slowest way to protect your children , they do not look in to facts i know this I reported the mother of my children for abuse { one was her splitting the head of my 7 yr old child open with a brush } they did nothing , not until I myself filed charges on the mother , why did dyfs do not a thing , the mother had filed for and got a FRO on me and in DYFS eyes no judge would grant a FRO to a good man ,, BULL CRAP the system takes in womens lies and lets good fathers and the children suffer , now that things are getting in to the courts the truth will be told and many witness,s will prove it . in the end why did the judge grant a FRO ? he simply asked the woman { are you scared of him } poof the beinging of the childrens and my nightmares , the mother then kept the children for 6 months even though there was a court order for every weekend parent time , and the court just warned her , now her lies are catching up to her. one thing i can say is NEVER give up on your children and always keep records of everything you do . people cant hide from lies they do catch up to you .what did the mother get sofar from her lies , her son dont talk to her , her older daughter dont talk to her , and the 7 yr old is almost out of the house to her fathers where she will be safe . and the mother will only be left with her new drug addict criminal husband who owes over 100k in back child support .HS2 weeks ago All you people wrongly accused - - get a good attorney.  They cost about 3,000.00 up but are worth your family not being split apart.  Do not go with a court appointed attorney!  They really don't care because they don't get paid much and they are forced by the judge to take the case they are assigned.Dwater2 weeks ago I could give a link for this if you wish, but I commented on an anonymous forum about a girl who claims she hates her autistic brother, I commented to someone who wrote a hateful comment that they do not understand her (I also have an autistic sibling) and it is very frustrating having an autistic brother (I did not state anything about child abuse, I would never hurt my autistic brother) but another person who calls themselves "concerned citizen" claims that they've reported me to the department of homeland security and that they will subpoena my isp, I don't live in the USA. But I stress the fact that I did not say anything about harming my brother, only that he makes me frustrated sometimes. Anyway please reply to me and inform me of what could happen, I'm 18 I live at home with my mother, father and autistic brother, we are very poor. Please help me.Confused and Hurt11 days ago My father has been accused of child molestation by my daughters, I am in the middle of this because part of me has to believe it but the other part doesn't believe it. They show NO signs of it, they are NOT afraid to be left alone with him, they ask him to take them places alone, they spend time with him alone, and no matter what site I go on those are all signs, I feel they are lying, they act as if it is all a joke, one talks about boys all day, she's on the phone/internet being a tenager, the other is dancng, singing & playing as if nothing happend and it "happend" 4 days ago to her and the other said nothing happend to her but when asked by the detectives, she said it did, but since she lies about everything I don't believe her, but when she got out of the interview one of my daughters asked her what she said and she said she told them he did do something to her but she was laughing about it..... so as you can all see, it's hard for me to believe them. I have benn around him my whole life and he has NEVER touched my wrong in any way.... What should I do?bamacwgirl6 days ago i am also going through hell. i lost visitation to my 6 yr old daughter, because my ex husbands new wife cant hace any more kids and wants mine, plus his mom brain washed my child. they can not charge me with anything, there are no criminal charges pending, and my child has told everyone she lie and that her grandmother she calles (mimi) made her do it. but its funny every counceling session, doctors appointment, and etc. her step mother and mimi took her they were the ones talking to all the therapist and doctors, not her dad, or my family and never did they call me and interview me for anything. But according to everyone there is nothing i can do but go with the flow and wait until she gets older.Alexandra Harris3 days ago I just lost my baby boy he is 4mo. old, My partner and I we accused of abuse. I'm doing all I can to reach out for help, I read all I can I've called all supports but DHHS and the Detectives are out for blood.I'am just as upset to how these injuries happend.My child has special needs and my partner has had to perform baby CPR on him but I know I didnt do this,and I know this was completly unintentional,I know his heart.If there is ANYONE out their who can help me please do.I will do whatever I have to to make sure my child is safe and this NEVER takes place again. I'm also in recovery I'm 20mo. sober and this is the hardest thing I will ever do.If anyone is out there I need your help!HELP2 days ago I have a little girl and my fiance and we had just moved in together. My mother who has always been a very jealous person had my daughter for the weekend and when it came time for me to pick her up i found that they were at DHS awaiting me to make a statement about my fiance sexually and physically abusing my child!?! I was ordered to move in with my mother and to keep my daughter from any contact with him for the next 30 days while this is investigated. They have talked to my child without me there, they have taken her to the doctor without me having any idea as to what was going on. They have shamed my fiance's name. I know in my heart he didnt do this. My daughter is in love with this man and he planned on adopting her. My world is falling apart. The DHS caseworker made a comment to my mother today that if the allegations came back true, which they probably would, The protection order would be indefinite. I love my daughter and would stand up for her til the very end. They are now making me look to be this horrible mother that is only worried about losing her boyfriend. This is not true at all! I know these allegations are false! I just do! All the websites I have looked at say that he needs a good lawyer...we do not have that kind of money!?! I dont know what else to do??? PLEASE HELP!!! Any advise will be greatly appreciated.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites83michaelk57 Followers93 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by michaelkContact michaelkFollow michaelkSubscribe to michaelk's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk michaelk a question based on this Hub.Questions Asked on this HubDecember 17, 1998 my 16 year old daughter falsely accused me of child abuse. I being a strict...asked by DonnaCA 5 days ago2 answersAnswer this questionfamily took me to court for neglect my son no proof judge still hasn't gave me my son back?asked by samualsmommy22 2 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionMy son was taking from me because he has 3 fractured ribs all healing at the same time.I have...asked by neil03 2 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsFight back against DYFS with a good attorney and winby JefHenningerUnderstanding Tennessee's Child Custody Lawsby Kim CantrellAn Overview Of Legal Separation In Californiaby Dena BezCan I represent myself in my personal injury claim or...by robhill413Finding a Los Angeles Criminal Defense Lawyerby We3KingsShould you let Police Search Your Car?by michaelk Law and Legal Issues ForumTopicRepliesMitchell found guilty!posted by habee2Repossess Breast Implants?posted by Stacie L7DWI Laws & Smart Phoneposted by ftclick0Post a new topic16 more topics Tagsadvice relationships children legal lawyer attorney Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.193 sec)  working