Another large bird kill being reported in Louisiana // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 212Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 73Corporations or politicians hurting America? 13The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 04, 2011| 66 commentsAnother large bird kill being reported in Louisianasource: http://news.yahoo.com/s/yblog_thelookout/another-large-bird-kill-reported-this-time-in-louis...An error occurred while setting up video display.JanforGore added thisWere they shooting fireworks too?"Paging Alfred Hitchcock and Tippi Hedren...After reports of thousands of dead red-winged blackbirds falling from the sky in Beebe, Arkansas -- along with reports of a massive fish kill in the same area -- raised concerned eyebrows across the land, another bird kill is being reported in a small town near Baton Rouge, Louisiana.Reports the Baton Rouge Advocate:State biologists are trying to determine what led to the deaths of the estimated 500 red-winged blackbirds and starlings on La. 1 just down the road from Pointe Coupee Central High School.The discovery of the dead birds  some of which were lying face down, clumped in groups, while others were face up with their wings outstretched and rigid legs pointing upward  comes just three days after more than 3,000 blackbirds rained down from the sky in Beebe, Ark. ... In Louisiana, biologists with the state Department of Wildlife and Fisheries spent part of the day Monday scooping up some of the birds in Pointe Coupee Parish to be sent for testing at labs in Georgia and Wisconsin.Officials in Arkansas say that the thousands of dead birds and fish discovered there over the weekend died of natural causes. As you might expect, others are insinuating that something more sinister is going on."groups:News, Green, Earth and Science, Veganism, Earth Care, Endangered Earth 2 moretags:Environment,Wildlife,Birds,Louisiana,Web of Life 1 more|66 comments// Another large bird kill being reported in Louisianahide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0futuregenThe military used nanothermite to pulverize the steel of the twin towers so we would believe we are in the end times. They have HAARP and bioweapons that they are actively using. We must stop funding this out of control military run by neocons if we are to save the planet. Close HAARP now. Stop electing neocons. 6 hours agoflag  reply0Bahai144In the U.S. media they're actually saying: 1.That there's no connection at all between the dead fish and the dead birds. and 2.That it was fireworks that made the birds fly into buildings! The people who are at the front lines of putting out these asinine statements clearly think that the public is completely without intelligence and willing to swallow any absurd "explanation" if it's repeated incessantly for a time and attached to the lips of some so-called "experts". Hmmmm...could they be right about that?I've been saying, since I heard the first thing about the redwinged blackbirds and fish in Arkansas, that there are now toxic clouds not too far up that are gathering from all the burning and evaporation they encouraged to happen in the spill and getting more dense. I figured that just like their chemicals cause congealing of the oil in the water its also combined in the air for a gaseous congealing of sorts so now theres the same kinds of toxic clouds in the air that there were/are in the water. Then when it rains through those gas clouds it precipitates out and poisons the inland fresh water and some species are more immediately killed off than others. I've heard also that this is not just happening in the U.S.Of course this will be denied and possibly several such mindbendingly stupid explanations as "blunt trauma" and fireworks displays will be spat out by various "experts" until the corrupt, junk science establishment can come to a consensus about what idiotic party line they feel comfortable getting behind as their official pronouncement in an effort to provide culpable deniability for their corporate masters.  16:3 And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea.16:4 And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and fountains of waters; and they became blood.16:5 And I heard the angel of the waters say, Thou art righteous, O Lord, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast judged thus.16:6 For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, and thou hast given them blood to drink; for they are worthy.16:7 And I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgments.(King James Bible, Revelation) 2 days agoflag  reply0littlwarriorSomebody has spilled something somewhere and does not want to fess up. 4 days agoflag  reply0alexandrekthat doesn't sound too "natural causes" to me! 5 days agoflag  reply0noxidereusDied of natural causes? The viewership of Fox News proves that there are a lot of dummies in our population, but come on is anyone really that stupid? 5 days agoflag  reply0David_Foster  noxidereus:I'll have you know that our society has gone to great lengths to provide quality education to our children!  I can walk into just about any house in America, and find some group of 5-40 year old kids sitting in front of a television watching Family Guy! Who's to blame for THAT? 4 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  noxidereus:fox news???well can you shed some light into this..and NO..conspiracies is not accepted as fact here LOL 4 days agoflag  reply0CaptSutterHas anyone considered that this might be a weapons test??? Sonic Canons? HAARP??? The Bird injuries don't sound like poison and extreme weather like hail that would cause this would be newsworthy in its own right. Just adding to the confusion... 5 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  CaptSutter:let me add to the confusion..(tee hee hee)..there is a cloaked "something" up in the sky and its emitting enough sonic pulse to liquefy soft tissues like brain and guts of something that gets close enough..like ah.....a bird..and yes my brethren are here and we will eat your soul..REPENT!! LOL(just kidding guys..) 4 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  CaptSutter:BIG BOOM GUN that only certan critters can feel . Well untill they change the frequency. Nope never heard of it 4 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  CaptSutter:I say young man a haarp isn't that what the Angels play in the off season? 4 days agoflag  reply0BrushwithDeathToothpaste  ayipis:LOL 2 days agoflag  reply0bailey78But on a more serious note it could be that they were killed by the precision of a large mortar. The THUMP of the shell may be enough to stop the heart beat of a bird.  The birds flying over just about the same time of the boom 5 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  bailey78:i think if there is a THUMP loud and strong enough to stop a heart..even something as small as a bird..I think you would fucking hear it or feel it as well..sober up son! 4 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  ayipis:SOBER UP ?????????? Hell BOY! I've been sober for over six Years. It's the flash backs that are gitting me now YEE.!.. HAA ..!. 4 days agoflag  reply0bailey78I hope they don't get turned into Gumbo before they find out what killed them :0 5 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:As long as there are ditches on the sides of the road aint no one in Luisiana goin' hungry... 5 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:this is true. 4 days agoflag  reply+2EdJoyProductionsMaybe they were in the way of those apocalypse horsemen and got trampled. 5 days agoflag  reply+3CalgarCmonsatan and their chemicals... its the god damn factories and "blue" we are pumping into the atmosphere 5 days agoflag  reply+3harleyblueswomanIt is only killing certain birds and specific fish....why is that? Why not all the birds and all the fish....that is what I find realllllllly strange!! 5 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  harleyblueswoman:Disease is a likely culprit.  Birds drop dead all the time.  Most of the time smaller predators snap them up before we see them.  But when a large number die off suddenly they get noticed. 5 days agoflag  reply0CarlosBobthe3rdLocal News Report 5 days agoflag  reply+4Georia_BioI in no way pretend to be an expert on this subject but as someone with a Biology degree I'd like to throw a few facts into this pot for consideration.  I live in Georgia but travel to Lonoke AR every winter to spend Christmas with my husbands family. Lonoke is located only 30 miles from where the dead birds were located. As of 2007 the USDA admitted to spreading large amounts of poison seed in order to decrease Starling populations on the east coast however they did not specify how far west the seed was dispersed. It is very implausible that ALL of the poisoned seed was consumed since the birds died within 36 hours of consuming it. This means seed would have remained in the field and possibly even germinated into plants.  Everyone know that massive flooding causes massive runoffs into local bodies of water. Any material that went into the river would have been buried within the river sediment. Last winter AR experienced massive floods and runoffs which I witnessed firsthand. It would have taken time for toxic seeds buried in sediment to decompose and be broken down. The decomposing material would have been consumed by bottom feeders such as mollusks and aquatic insects. Does anyone want to guess what drum fish (the ones found dead) feed on? It would also happen that both of these make up the diet of various types of blackbirds, that blackbirds live and feed primarily along water ways.  Also suspicious is that  the toxins used take roughly 36 hours to affect and kill the birds that consume them. Blackbirds fly roughly 30 miles an hour for about 4 hours a day. That equals roughly 120 miles in a 24 to 36 hour period. So if the birds consumed the same poisoned mollusk as the fish they would have gotten approx. 120 miles away from the feeding site before becoming confused and disoriented and dropping dead. The birds died 125 miles from where the fish were found.  If my theory is correct then the Mississippi is contaminated and there would be other birds dying along it banks. Which is scary when you realize that old Miss runs through LA and that it had a similar occurrence just days after AR.  The lower number of deaths correspond with fact that the toxins would be diluted as  they washed further down the river. There are too many connections for this to have all been a coincidence. 5 days agoflag  reply0Jennifer_Guinn  Georia_Bio:I was just about to comment that  LA is downstream from AR, but you added so much detail to my simple observation. Thanks. I'm in GA too. 5 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  Georia_Bio:Very well said! It also makes me wonder how toxins are going to effect humans in those areas as well since the flooding and all that! 5 days agoflag  reply0JanforGore  Georia_Bio:Very well explained and could definitely be a reason. Makes the "fireworks" reason seem all the more absurd. 5 days agoflag  reply0David_Foster  Georia_Bio:Bravo! Now the only question is: "do these areas lie along this particular flock's migratory flight path? And how would one answer that question, unless the birds were marked for some on-going biological study? I guess we'll just have to wait for the next flock of dead varmints to land in our driveway! Maybe this time it will be a bunch of dead chickens that were "scared to death by eater egg hunters"! 4 days agoflag  reply-1tverdellNot trying to freak your shit but ...Credo Mutwa predicted that half the world's population would be dead from oil just a month BEFORE the BP oil spill. 5 days agoflag  reply+1onemalefla1 5 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  onemalefla:fags cant marry??? 4 days agoflag  reply+2a619koWhats next, your pets dropping dead? But no, its the fireworks, and thunderstorms. 5 days agoflag  reply+1NiceNWell, I could blame all the pollutants that we have pumped into the air. Maybe, I could blame the toxins in our drinking water; I would rather call it a plague from God..... nah, nah, I blame pollution. Have you ever seen bird flu in humans? Well, this is bird flu from BP, mostly oil in the lung.Also.... lol at natural causes. 5 days agoflag  reply0David_Foster  NiceN:I'm no scientist.. But I think it would be fairly safe to assume that if ten thousand birds fell out of the sky all at one time, that they probably flew through some kind of toxic cloud. I would be looking real close at whatever refineries or chemical plants were on their flight path. Considering the fish, I'd be sniffing around whatever companies are close to the river bank. I'd also be willing to bet that the local hospitals are experiencing an increase in "food-related illness".Nevertheless; whenever someone says something like: "let us never tolerate outrageous conspiracy theories..", you can bet your ass there's something they aren't telling you! 4 days agoflag  reply+3jj2010I am glad i have lived a life full of love! 5 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  jj2010:Hear, hear! 5 days agoflag  reply+2David_FosterMust be more birds scared to death by fireworks. It happens all the time. No, really.. it does! Nothing to see here folks! Please move along! 5 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  David_Foster:What about the fish? 5 days agoflag  reply0coolplanet  tverdell:and the bats and the bees???Oh my! 5 days agoflag  reply+3Jeremy_BensonWhat makes me laugh a little is the final line "As you might expect, others are insinuating that something more sinister is going on" as I scroll through the comment section and see every post has a different theory. Some more plausible than others. But whatever it is I can't help but be worried. I keep on thinking about canaries in a coal mine. 5 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  Jeremy_Benson:Well what do you expect.  These days if a giraffe farts in Africa an ecomentalist is ready to blame some humans for it. 5 days agoflag  reply+1Jeremy_Benson  MrMxyzptlk:It probably was our fault. Our global warming and pollution make the giraffes nervous. And when giraffes get nervous, they get gassy. You can stop this, but only if you act now and donate $5 to my paypal account. 4 days agoflag  reply+1MrMxyzptlk  Jeremy_Benson:That, of course, reminds me of a song...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGas0D9_zgI 4 days agoflag  reply+3Incredulousimagine people insinuating that none of this is just natural cause...but then I guess we all have our own definition of natural cause.I think they're practicing.  We're next. I hope it's painless. I'm trying to decide if I want to land face down or feet up.and hey, didn't the birds in that Hitchcock film chase them into the church too? 5 days agoflag  reply+4DeltoneGeo Engineering people.  This is serious shit.  They are effing with our weather and look what's happening.  Maybe people will care when the headline reads "Another large human kill...." 5 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  Deltone:More paranoia...  Gotta love you guys.  You always bring a smile to me in the morning. 5 days agoflag  reply0Deltone  MrMxyzptlk:it's true, but, how can you not be paranoid these days?  seems to me that more and more we're reading some very shady headlines but, that's just me. -  cheers 4 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  Deltone:50 years ago the same amount of bad per capita happened as it does today.  Today we have a 24 hour news cycle to fill so we find news that just wouldn't make the local paper back "in the good old days".  Ignorance truely is bliss. 3 days agoflag  reply0idealistim just tired of theses lame Alfred Hitchcock references! if your scared go to church!!! 5 days agoflag  reply+3Pollo_Loco_  idealist:I'm with you there. Just because something involves birds doesn't mean you need to make the reference. And, if I'm not mistaken, the birds were doing the killing in that movie, not the other way around. 5 days agoflag  reply+3Incredulous  Pollo_Loco_:you are not mistaken....However, Hitchcock liked to use bird-imagery in his films to signify disaster, danger or disruption, not that there's any real correlation between Hitchcock imagery and birds inexplicably falling from the sky dead...just a harmful, errr, I mean harmless metaphor. 5 days agoflag  reply+2idealist  Incredulous:i know i know. but if mass groups of turtles and rabbits started dyeing, they would make bad jokes about neither winning any race. 5 days agoflag  reply+1Incredulous  idealist:good one! 5 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotownWe have sowed our demise with mother nature, and probably within years large groups of humans will start to drop dead! 5 days agoflag  reply+1coolplanet  kennymotown:All it would take is for the power grid to go down for a month during winter. 5 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  coolplanet:Your right about that! 5 days agoflag  reply+1tverdell  coolplanet:A month, try 4 days.We think we are civilized but we are always just 4 days from civilization.Know this. 5 days agoflag  reply0coolplanet  tverdell:You are SOOOO right!MAN we've become weak.It would take the average household about 4 days to burn all their furniture to stay warm.Most people don't realize that when the electric goes out, so do the gas, water and sewers in a few days.But let's not spend tax money to upgrade these dilapidated systems. Generous billionaires will surely trickle down on us.Euw, yellow snow!!! 5 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  tverdell:That's only you city folks.  Parts of rural South Dakota can loose power for a couple weeks in a real bad blizzard.  Folks are prepared and stick togather when shit hits the fan out in these parts.  City folks are the ones dependant on the grid. 5 days agoflag  reply+1Nephwrackanyone else played a video game called "condemned"? 5 days agoflag  reply0kennymotown  Nephwrack:Is that available on Xbox? 5 days agoflag  reply0Nephwrack  kennymotown:on the 360 and on pc as far as i know. it's a horror game but there were dying blackbirds in it. something to do with a rage virus kinda like 28 days later. i have an older pc and the game runs fine on it. 5 days agoflag  reply+5ProgresshivDo you suppose it could be from the poisonous oil dispersants that BP sprayed into the water column?  Nahhhh.  Couldn't be that.  BP says so, and they wouldn't lie. 5 days agoflag  reply+6JanforGore  Progresshiv:Oh no, you musn't mention that or how it can travel up the web of life, or how the damage to the Gulf will last for years with its consequences not known... The media and government have deemed that over so BP can rebuild it's pristine image. 5 days agoflag  reply+8JanforGoreThe reported incidents are getting closer to the Gulf. Or the Gulf is where it originated. Tar balls are still washing up in Alabama, so who is to say where else along the Gulf coast these poisons can be picked up by birds and flown to other locations? The fireworks excuse just seems a bit out there considering the amount and the locations. Just a theory. Whatever the reason, when you start seeing large numbers of birds, fish, bees etc. dying off, that should be something that garners attention. 5 days agoflag  reply-4MrMxyzptlk  JanforGore:Always looking for a corporation to blame when an alligator has a tummy ache... 5 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Too much fluoride in water! see all new stories videos on current tvThe Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Dinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  13 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  21 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  30 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 WhiteNoise commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoTHANKS FOR THE FLOWERS, NOW FOR THE POT ;)http://whitenoiserants.webnode.com/news/media-induced-reality-/  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog