An Insight into an Abused Mother's Reality - My Story (Family Court, Shared Parenting Laws & Child Protection)HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingParenting Skills, Styles and AdviceFamily LawAn Insight into an Abused Mother's Reality - My Story (Family Court, Shared Parenting Laws & Child Protection)An Insight into an Abused Mother's Reality - My Story (Family Court, Shared Parenting Laws & Child Protection)74rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy safe-at-lastFamily Court  vs The Best Interests of The Child  All persons, places and objects shown in the images in this hub are models and are shown for illustrative purposes only. They have no relation to any real person or event.{Images Copyright (c) 2010 "safe-at-last" and licensors Nodtronics Pty Ltd. All rights reserved.}An Insight into a Mother's Reality After Family Violence It's not about "justice", or "the principle of it", so I will not react. To do so would not serve my purpose. I've done what I had to and I'll do what I must, because they asked me to keep them safe and I promised I would. It is not about getting revenge against you.It was never for revenge against you.It's not all about you; it never was and it  never will be. Nor is it about me. It's about them and it always will be, because love should not hurt! If you look online, you will find overwhelming amountsof documented evidence and a great many blogs discussing the unforeseeneffects that Shared Parenting Laws have had on abused children in Australia and in numerous other countries around the world, including Canada andthe US, and you will get an idea of just how many parents are facingsimilar dilemmas. In May 2010, I was emailed a link to an article that read as follows: "The three major Family Law reviews were handed down in January 2010. It was recognized that the current Shared Parenting Laws are not working in situations where domestic violence is a factor and need to be changed to ensure that children's rights, well being and safety is of paramount importance.While this is good news for children, the extreme father's rights groups have been protesting about the recommended changes, threatening to not vote for the current government if they dare implement them. They say they have 16,000 members that they can mobilize.The Attorney General has flagged that he won't make any legislative changes because of their threats before the election. Afterwards, we will have little if no hope because the reviews will be long gone and media interest faded."It was after reading the above article that I decided to share my story. I am writing of my own journey here, to hopefully givepeople an insight into the reality that so many Australian mothers (andsome fathers) have faced and are facing, in their struggle to keeptheir children safe from an abusive, controlling parent, sinceAustralia's Shared Parenting Laws came into effect in 2006.I feel we all have a duty of care to these children, andI plead with you all to make their cases heard. Tell your friends andfamily, write about it on your blogs, sign petitions, attend protestrallies and write to your politicians. Our children cannot speak forthemselves!  Here is my story:I have come to believe that the father of my children is a completesociopath or even a psychopath and I am terrified for their safety.They have not seen him for months and do not want to. After muchcounseling, group therapy, completion of the Protective BehaviorsProgram, doing lots of fishing, gardening and other fun things, andreceiving lots of unconditional love, they now say that they arehappier than they have ever been, although I believe we all still havea long way to go.  They asked me to promise to keep them safe, and promise I did, but Iam losing hope in being able to keep that promise as although I haveviolence restraining orders for myself and the kids, I will soon befacing their father in Family Court.  While I had always believed that my kids needed to be able tocontinue their relationship with their Dad if we separated, it is onlyin the months since our separation that I have come to be aware of whathe is really capable of. After he first left, I realized my kids weredisplaying most of the symptoms of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder,which have thankfully diminished with time. Over the months thechildren have slowly been revealing what he put them through, and withcounseling and by reading my journals I have been able to recall allthe things he has put me through. I also discovered information in hidden user accounts on my computer that opened my eyes to the extent of his lies, addictions to sex and violence, and his ability to hide his dark and sadistic nature and come across instead as a warm, genuine and caring human being. All of his friends and family think he is wonderful, charming man, andthat his only faults are that he is impulsive, irresponsible andhomophobic. But I now know that he is in fact, secretly bisexual, intobeastiality, extremely abusive, controlling, violent, skilled at subtlecruelty, sadistic, criminally versatile and completely lacking inempathy, remorse and guilt.I also fear he hassome even darker secrets and certain things I discovered have lead meto believe he may also be into into some other extremefetishes, and I fear he may have committed some horrendous crimes inthe very distant past.One of the things that concerns me most about him however, is his ability to lie so convincingly.  Hehas lied about so many things, to so may people and for such a longtime that he has become quite skilled at it. He istalented in his ability to concoct outrageous reasons to justify hisabusive behavior, so that most people who hear his lies end up feelingsorry for him and think he has done quite well to have stopped himselffrom doing more serious harm to "those who have betrayed him"  I often used to wonder if he had told these lies to other people somany times that he had somehow managed to convince even himself thatthey are true. I even began to wonder what would happen if he was puton a lie detector machine, because I figured that if a person hasforgotten that something is a lie, then they wouldn't actually feellike they were lying whenever they retell that lie, would they? I'm not sure if I believe it anymore though, because as soon as Istarted to think he was, although abusive, also a victim of society'sprejudices, and someone who genuinely wanted to stop hurting those heloved, he would somehow blow me away with some off hand remark orexplosive outburst that made my mind boggle. For instance, he wouldadmit to some sadistic reason for his lies, or say something so viciousand cruel that I would be left thinking I did not really know him atall. At one stage I even thought I was crazy and that it must all be myfault or something.My concerns and doubts got worse and worse with time. Towards theend of our relationship he would often admit to some past wrong doingof his which he had always previously vehemently denied, but suchconfessions would be anything but an expression of guilt, and more andmore often his comments would reveal an alarming level of premeditationor contain some other element that was more than deeply disturbing onmany levels. One such confession occurred a week or so before we separated, whenhe was talking to me after having exploded in yet another violent rage.He broke down crying (I say crying, but there were no actual tears,just sniffing and crying "noises"), and then said he was violent andneeded help. Then he started confessing all these things to meincluding years of torturing animals when he was in his 20's: havingonce planned to rape, torture and murder his "friend";  an incident where he drugged and raped another male "friend" of his with the hope that it would cause the guy to later commit suicide, and finally he started confessing to anincident in the 1970's where he and some of his friends picked up awoman hitch hiker, bu I never heard the rest of that particular confession, asI ran out crying. Afterward, as he had always done before, he deniedhaving said any of the things he had said.On a different night, he admitted forthe first time to the times that he has raped me (he had previouslyalways denied that he had). He then went on to say that the only way he could make up for it was to tell my son that he was conceived during one of those rapes. I was horrified! There were many other behaviors that I witnessed that, in hindsight,I should have really seen as very clear warning signs, but I guess eachbehavior on it's own was never really bad enough to make me questionhis overall integrity. Then again, maybe I was in denial. I still don'twant to believe that the man I loved for so long could really becapable of what I can only call evil, but I have had to face thereality that there are just too many things he has done, combined withto many extreme behaviors and over too long a period of time that I nolonger have the luxury of hoping it is just all a misunderstanding orthat he will ever change. To give him any more chances would be morethan irresponsible, it would be insanely stupid.How can I trust a man who has very contradictory beliefs and values about pedophilia and incest? To explain: on one hand he believes that all pedophiles should be shot, but on the other hand, he believes his ex-girlfriend's father only molested her as a way of trying to show her how much he loved her.My own experiences of sexual abuse as a young child were minimizedand even outright disbelieved by him. A sexual assault I experienced ayoung adolescent that was perpetrated by a much older man whom I hadloved and trusted and whose wife and family I cared deeply for, wasalso minimized, and at various times he would even say that I must have"asked for it". When I told him that he sounded just like the man whohad abused me, I then had to run for cover as he erupted in a rage thatsaw my possessions smashed beyond repair and my framed photo's attackedwith hammers until they were nothing but shards of glass, splinteredwood and scrap card in the rubbish bin. In stark contradiction to his outrage at my "attack on hischaracter", one of his favorite pornographic videos was an X-ratedhomosexual video staring multiple young men of a questionable age, oneof whom bore an alarming resemblance to his almost adult son from hisfirst marriage. He also made many off hand comments that revealeddisturbing thoughts and feelings about his son, his son's friends, andyounger nieces and nephews that I am simply not able to relate to, andare far too close to blatantly admitting being sexually attracted tothem for me to be comfortable with.For instance, he told me that he found it hard not to fantasize aboutthings that may have been going on when this son had friends over tostay the night, that he fears that his relationship with his son mayone day turn incestuous. He also goes on about how proud he is that theboy is bisexual like him. He also told me he had beenunable to stop himself from looking at his niece's breasts after shereached puberty, and trying to imagine what they looked like underneathher clothes. I always found all of these kinds of statements to be veryalarming. Almost everything about him seems to indicate that the man is a walking contradiction. For instance, he was always rather obsessed with news stories aboutfamily violence, child abuse, violent rape, incest, familicide andmurder. He would go on about any one story constantly for days or evenweeks, and would condemn the perpetrators with such ferocity that thekids and I eventually became fearful to be in the same room as himwhenever he was discussing such things. (Of course I would have been afool to bring up the obvious hypocrisy of his statements in light ofhis own past acts of violence and abuse, not to mention his"confessions". I did actually mention it once without thinking, buthis reaction was frightful enough to ensure I never made the samemistake again...)Yet despite his constant claims of being disgusted by any form of violence, he would watch movies that would leave mostpeople in a state of utter shock but would simply reduce him tohysterical laughter. I hated watching such movies but he would bully meinto watching them and when I did, they sometimes made me vomit andoften I would have nightmares for weeks afterward. I do not thinkmyself oversensitive, I can handle violence in epic movies that "movesyou" and stuff like that, but real life snuff videos and real videos of kids dying as shovels are embedded into their heads? His baffling behavior and contradictory views were further shown whenever he spoke of some woman who hadsupposedly cheated on her partner, whether it was the wife/girlfriendof someone he knew or a stranger, and even if it was just speculationor rumor. He would spend ridiculous amounts of time suggesting suitablerevenge or punishment for such women, most of which would beincomprehensible to myself or anyone else, but if anything was saidabout the irrationality of his thoughts, the unsuspecting person wouldbe relentlessly insulted and humiliated for their supposed lack ofhumor and faith in his true nature (WTF?). Of course I would always then be terrified whenever he harped onabout how obvious it was that I was being unfaithful, which happenedquite often even though I never once was unfaithful. In fact, I onlyever once came even remotely close to cheating on him, and all thatwas, was a period of a couple of weeks when I realized I was thinkingabout a friend more than perhaps I should, and that I felt happywhenever I thought of him. Though the thoughts and feelings were not inany way sexual, I guess I felt they were more than I should be feelingfor a friend and that scared me to the point of telling the friend thatI could not see him for a while, and I told my guy that I was confusedabout some feelings I had been having for the friend and that I hadended the friendship because I did not want to cause any more problemsin our relationship, and that perhaps we needed to try and work on ourown relationship. Unfortunately I probably should not have saidanything, because I was treated like I had confessed to a long termaffair of filthy sex and emotional infidelity.He harassed me about itfor years. What hurt even more though was that he would say these things to thekids, friends, family and professional people, claiming he had proof,which of course he didn't. In fact all of his attempts to "catch meout" ended up proving my innocence instead, but all this did howeverwas make him angry instead of more trusting. He even tried to set me upby planting fake evidence in our bedroom, but i caught him doing it. Henever apologized.I was once told he had been telling everyone of my "latest" affairwith one of my "so-called friends" and the person telling me waslecturing me on my lack of morality. I asked the person who the friendin question was, and when they told me, I calmly pointed out that thatfriend had in fact been overseas for the previous 9 months and offeredto give them the phone number of the friend's employer who had sent himoverseas for the job, at which point the person's cheeks turned a deepshade of crimson... Even his sense of humor raises concerns. I consider my own sense of humor to be rather quirky at times, but at least it is a "clean sense of humor. To me humor isat its best when it is in the form of ironic, intelligent insight. I do not find humor in things that have nointelligent play on words or images and are apparently funny justbecause they are gross. Freddy got Fingered? I just can't seeanything clever or remotely funny about such humor. It completely lackswhit and to me it is simply outrageously disgusting. I also thinkit was cruel of him to force me to watch itwhen I was pregnant with his child, and expect me to endure his gutbusting laughter at thescene where Tom Green "helps" deliver a baby. After he left, I realized my children were displaying learnt sexual behaviors. They also expressedideas and opinions well beyond their years, and displayed other signsthat indicate possible sexual abuse, which lead me to speak to theirchild psychologist.In a subsequent investigation by Child Protection Officers, thechildren did notdisclose any sexual abuse. While this was the most important thing forme, and a great relief, I do still fear that he may have been groomingthem for future sexual abuse. The only abuse I know of for certain though, is the soul destroyingemotional abuse that I often witnessed and experienced, the physicalabuse that I experienced myself and instances of physical abuseexperienced by my children, the first few of which I witnessed and thelast few of which I did not see, but soon found out about, at whichpoint I told him that if he ever hit them or manhandled them again Iwould have him charged.  We also had to endure feelings of hurt, anger and betrayal as hewould constantly lie to them about me, and to us all about himself. Hewould often pack his stuff and leave for a few days, but tell them thatI kicked him out or that I had cheated on him or that he could notabide my laziness/ craziness/ lies/ messiness anymore, or he wouldblame them for leaving saying that they were bad kids who weredeliberately naughty to make him angry so that he would then get intotrouble with me. This would always lead to them being overwhelmed with feelings ofguilt, confusion, fear, anger and more, because although they knew theyhad misbehaved, it was certainly not on purpose or because of what hesaid it was. Further more, the messiness he always went on about was often his more than ours, andalthough it did get sometimes get messy, it was only clutter, notfilth, and only ever after he had been at his most abusive. It wouldalways be tidied up, even when it was him who had made the mess.  All of these things build a disturbing picture now that I have beenable to piece them all together and have led me to re-examine myalready limited trust in him regarding our kids. Combine it all withhis long criminal record of multiple convictions for possession ofdrugs, cultivation of drugs, possession of unlicensed firearms,unlicensed ammunition and restraining orders and other things such ashis prior possession of a shot firer's permit, extensive knowledge of,experience with and known associations with people easily able toobtain explosives, self confessed possession of unlicensed firearms,past association with many high profile criminals, intimate knowledgeof the details of their crimes that he has revealed to me in the past(some of which has subsequently been substantiated and then revealed tothe public by the media), crimes that I witnessed many, many years agothat he was never caught for (and which I was too naive and in love toreport at the time), and the many cruel direct and indirect threats hehas made to me in private over the years, is it any wonder that I holdsuch grave fears for the safety of both my children and myself?   I did initially have strong support from both the Department for ChildProtection and The Police Family Protection Unit, and they were full ofpraise about the steps I had taken of my own initiative to deep myselfand the kids safe, and help us all to heal and move on. Unfortunately,since my ex contacted them to inform them of "his side of the story",they have now decided that all my allegations are based on hearsay andcannot be substantiated, and therefore they will not support me incourt (institutional grooming?!). They further went on to accuse me ofparental alienation, paranoia, negativity and of perpetuating fear inmy children. These departments have only met my children on one occasion, andmyself perhaps half a dozen times, and if you were to contact mycounselors, my children's counselors, their psychologist or our victimsupport worker, they would all tell you they believe I have gone fromstrength to strength since separating from their father, and have beenextremely and consistently proactive, clear minded and positive in allareas of my life, including the task of helping my children heal fromthe harmful experiences of their own abuse and the witnessing of myabuse, and that rather than perpetuating fear in the kids, I have beensuccessful in helping them to overcome their fears while still helpingthem to feel safe and teaching them how to stay safe. Even so, thereports of counselors are opinions based on hearsay, and will not countfor much in Family Court, so I fear it's going to be my word againsthis in family court. I have reported all this to the police as well, including the things he confessed to me, but they will not do anythingand tell me he's just bluffing. Further more, it is just hearsay, as Idid not witness any of the really serious things he has confessed to orany that I fear he has committed, and the ones that I did witnesshappened too long ago for any charges made being likely to lead toconviction. They also question why I only report them now and say howdo they know I'm not just out for revenge.I face the same thing in family court and worse. Any allegations Imake of his abuse of my children that I have witnessed and my own abuseexperienced will be discounted as hearsay as I have no other witnesses.I may even then be found to have "Parental Alienation Syndrome", anunprovable, quite possibly fake psychological disorder that is laughedat by 95% of psychiatrists world wide, and which was actually inventedby a psychologist who was later charged, convicted and jailed formultiple counts of pedophilia and incest (I read that but don't know ifit's 100% true, as I have since read another article that only said hewas suspected of it), and who then committed suicide. If a judge decidesthat I have this "syndrome", then it is most likely that the kids' Dadwill be awarded sole residency, and I may even be restricted tosupervised contact.I have a lawyer who is going to do his best, but he fears for me andmy children and doubts he will be able to do much to help us due to thecurrent laws.Our journey continues....(Please keep reading below for some inspirational insights and links to more information) Related linksHow To Help Save Abused Children From Dangerous Family LawsI feel we all have a duty of care to these children, and I plead with you all to make their cases heard. Our children cannot speak for themselves! Remember that one drop raises the ocean! I have include links to many resources where you can find morePerpetrators Perfecting the Fine Art of Institutional GroomingA lot of people will have heard of the term "grooming", but most will think of the term only as it is used in the context of child sexual abuse. What many people do not consider, is that grooming is an art that is practiced by most perpetrators of anShared Care - An Unintended ConsequenceArticle from the Australian Family MagazineEmotional Abuse & The Power of the PerpetratorSigns of domestic violence. Violence, Power & Control Wheel. Non-violence & Equality wheel. Emotional abuse can be just as harmful and even fatal. Severe emotional, mental and/or psychological abuse has been compared to torture, and in some cAustralian Shared Parenting Law DebateGreat Blog with lots of infoPsychopaths Among Us - Profile of a Successful PsychopathKnow the signs so that you can protect yourself and your kidsQLD Psychologists Attack Parental Alienation (Syndrome) (PAS)How To Do Your Bit To Help Save Abused Children From Dangerous Family LawsIdeas and links to many resources where you can find out more about getting involved in bringing  change...Child Sexual Abuse & Parental Alienation Syndrome Allegations (Forensics Talk)A forensic nurse shares her training & experience, and Medical-legal news & commentary about general forensics, forensic nursing, criminal profiling, criminal & civil investigations, assault & abuse, fraud & posts on protecting yoCrazy Making Emotional Violence & Complex Post Traumatic Stress DisorderIn This Hub: Emotional, Mental & Psychological Abuse - Killing With Words; Signs of Domestic Violence & Emotional Abuse Tactics; Why Domestic Violence is Often Overlooked; Violence, Power & Control Wheel; Non-violence & Equality WheelThe "Fathers Rights" Movement: How to Legally Stalk, Harass, and Intimidate Victims of Domestic ViolNational Council for Children Post-Separation | Media Statement - 15 March 2010Child Experts Outraged over Decision to force Children to spend time with Sex Offender FatherStaying Strong after Family Violence - Inspiration for MothersThis hub is for mothers who have separated from a violent partner, and who are trying to start a new life for themselves and their children but are still having to live with the ongoing trauma associated with attending family court, applying for restComplex post traumatic stress disorder (complex ptsd, pdsd, shell shock, nervous shock, combat fatigTim Field identifies bullying, harassment and abuse as cause of stress resulting in symptoms of complex ptsdSafer Family Law | HomeParental Alienation Syndrome - Family Law | Kids In Distress Australia IncParental Alienation Syndrome (PAS), as well as malicious mother syndrome,are discredited theories often used by abusive fathers against mothers, enabling them to gain residency of the children.Why Abusers Get Away With Claiming Parental AlienationALRC Family Violence Inquiry BlogNational Network to End Domestic Violence | Parental Alienation Syndrome Misused in Child Custody CaThe National Network to End Domestic Violence (NNEDV) is a membership and advocacy organization representing the 54 state and U.S. territory domestic violence coalitions. NNEDV is the voice of these coalitions, their more than 2,000 local domestic viNational Council for Children Post-Separation | HomeBlog.com - What's your story?Family Court of Australia amendments PetitionWe call on the Federal Government to: Amend custody, access and shared care of Australian children following divorce where there is an allegation of violence or abuse by a parent....Draft letter to your pollyHow To Address a Member of ParliamentFamily law support and knowledge for MumsFacebook groupWise Words:A man does what he must - in spite of personal consequences, in spite of obstacles and dangers and pressures - and that is the basis of all human morality.Winston Churchill Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some othertime. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that weseek.Barack Obama Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.Dalai Lamavote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (3)Funny Awesome Beautiful Family Violence and Abuse: Crazy Making Emotional Abuse, Domestic Violence & Complex Post Traumatic Stress DisorderFamily Violence and Abuse: Abuse - The Power of the PerpetratorCommentsJane Bovary8 months ago Sal,I don't know what to say to this thread..except that I sympathize with your plight, which sounds weak. You've been through so much.I am an Australian too and think the new shared parenting laws are going to make things very difficult for some families.I don't think Howard had much realization of the realities some women and children face.Good Lucksafe-at-last7 months ago Hi JB. Thank you for your kind words and encouragement. I was relieved to see that the results of the senate reviews of the shared parenting laws did show that there is a big problem in situations where there is domestic violence, however the government has been bullied into not taking action by all the father's rights groups. I fear mothers in Oz still have a long journey ahead of them...Muriel7 months ago Hi,Your story is so close to mine.  The father of my child, while not overtly violent, nor bisexual (that I know of), I consider to be a sociopath.  He totally lacks empathy, and even though I've made almost half-a-dozen reports to Child Services of his sexual grooming behaviour of our child, nothing has happened since a social worker at CPS completely stuffed up the investigation.  Since then I have attempted to pull back the time she spends with her father and it is at that time, he threatened Family Court.  In the face of my very obvious attempts at mediation, he told lies to his lawyer, marked his petition as "urgent" and a "stupid" magistrate in the Family Court accepted it.  Now the court is nothing but a puppet for him to go about his financial abuse of me.  Since he has no concept of future ramifications for actions he does today, he doesn't give a toss about how much it costs him in the Family Court.  Since he sabotaged any attempt at court mediation, by exploding at the mediator, a Family Assessment has now been ordered.  The only role I've ever played is one of protective mother, and now me (and our daughter) come under scrutiny of family assessors, and useless Independent Child Lawyers, and my own Lawyer who tells me outright that there's not much she can do.  The situation I am now placed in is either hand my child over to a 50/50 arrangement or go to Court.  In the meantime, he's laughing all the way.  He's made the centre of attention, everybody has to be at places because of what he has done, and he's just loving all the control he has, not only over the whole judicial system, who are jumping to his every (covert) command, but especially to the control he now has over me.  And to top it all off, I'm forced to pay for 50% of everything that he has caused.  What is surprising, is that the magistrates, lawyers and their lackies either don't see it, or if they do, they don't care.  In the meantime, uninformed, ignorant magistrates make disparaging comments out loud about protective mothers and the ex is totally laughing on the inside.  He's pushing all the buttons and the protective mothers are left with diminishing rights to protect their children.  It's disgraceful.  The Family Law Court is ignorant of abuse dynamics, refuses to recognise that they exists, is degrading of protective mothers, and fails to maintain even a minimal level of child focus.safe-at-last7 months ago Hi M.I empathize with your situation and I am sure you probably feel as helpless as I do.Have you read my hub "Perpetrators Perfecting the Fine Art of Institutional Grooming"? This article has received an incredible amount  of attention and has been quoted on many sites.I submitted it to the Family Violence Inquiry hosted on the Australian Law Reform Commission's web site  and I hope it is being considered. Perhaps you could also make some submissions to the questions and proposals in the review - One drop raises they ocean! To access the site, copy & paste this url - http://triggs.austlii.edu.au/ .I also sent a copy of the article to the Attorney General, the Premier & the Minister for Child Protection.  Last week I received a letter from the Premier thanking me and acknowledging my information. The more attention that is brought to the plight of abused children, then the quicker something will be done about it.Perhaps you could also write a letter to the Attorney General? Try to  describe your concerns without going into too much personal detail.Another thing you could do is sign the petition that I have provided a link to in this hub.I quote from my article " Tell your friends and family, write about it on your blogs, sign petitions, attend protest rallies and write to your politicians. Our children cannot speak for themselves! "As for what you can do to help your daughter right now, I would strongly suggest contacting the parenting line or crisis care and finding out how to get your daughter involved in the Protective Behaviors Program. I contacted the people who run the program myself, and the kids did a 1 on 1 crash course over a 5 week period, but I had to pay for it myself and it is quite expensive. I have since learnt that you can somehow get help with the costs (or access it for free) if you contact DCP and get a referral from them.The Program is an invaluable resource that the government should really be funding for all children.  I guess the sad reality is that we can't protect our children from the world, but one thing we CAN do is teach them how to recognize danger and how to deal with it when they are not feeling safe. My kids responded very well to the program. I just wish it was taught in schools everywhere....Anyway, thanks for the feedback, good luck, stay positive and keep safe.safe-at-lastMuriel Matters7 months ago Hi SAL,Feeling helpless, it's the understatement of the year for me.  I wrote to my Local MP, who called back to say it didn't have anything to do with them.  My Federal MP sent my letter to the Attorney-General, and he has replied.  The reply is rather insipid, evades the real issues and offers some suggestions of things that I may do (all of which I have already done and they didn't work).  So I will be drafting a much more succinct reply.  I must also bear in mind that as I'm currently in the FLC system, I'm supposed to be keeping my  mouth shut or risk 12 months in jail.So far in my case, the biggest issues are that my case even got accepted into the court in the first place.  Normal protocol has not been followed.  The laywers and magistrate must be held accountable for their deplorable and abusive comments which should not be allowed.  The acquisition of an Independent Child Laywer is so obvious that the legal system is greasing it's own wheels makes it almost laughable, and finally, the fact that one parent can actively sabotage mediation and yet the other parent is forced to pay for half of everything.  It's just insane.  The outright lack of child focus is astonishing.   No-one recognises that the affidavits I have presented represent my child's voice.  I'm the only  one that can speak up for her, especially in the light of her father's tremendous amount of false denials.  Yet when his affidavit was submitted, completely full of denials on almost every paragraph, I'm informed by my lawyer "On his affidavit he's likely to get his 50/50".  I ask why does his affidavit have more influential power than mine?I may  have already read the Institutional Grooming, and I will certainly check on that link you have provided.Thanks for the info about the PB Program, however, my child doesn't feel overly unsafe with her father.  Everything he does to her, he does in the context of a game.  He's emotionally the same age as her, and it's like they play "doctors and nurses" together, on the same level.  It makes it tricky to deal with, but not impossible.OntariFamilyLawCa7 months ago I just began my blog. In Ont, I got that from the FLC part, you must push the child towards a parent even if there abuse towards the child. the US states laws can vary on this but Ont feels this is ok. The Atty General     will not help nor do they care. I have done my own emails and calls. I have access to law books that only there lawyers have. Hence why I began my blog.  The courts there feel a man still has the power in this issue no matter what he does. to the child In fact a judge in Ont just forced a teen gilr back to a bad father. He had abused the  mom verbally and phiscally for yrs and they landed in a shelter. finally. THe teen's behavior changd, yes it would and the judge felt the child needed to be back with the dad.The courts in Ont do not liwsten to parents as much as the prof have have often been wrong. There is no the same accoiuntability built into the system for the care of the child there.lilly7 months ago i am also too a survivor not once but twice with domestic volince my first exprences with being  a victim i was only very young very vonreble to the outside world   my father died and my mother did a few years later you feel so alone with out the help of a parent you feel close too so i flung myself at a man who i felt at the time make me feel like a princess  it wasnt long  before he started to abuse me  i was three months pregant when i was helping him strain wire for a fence the wire broke as he strained it too far the pice of wood he was using to do this he hit me in the face with and broke my nose that was the first of many times i was put down  bashed  and raped i was not allowed to have any friends  or money i went to work  from sun up to sun down and use to hand over my pay packet to him in fear of being beaten again now my  new arsshole  has don't the same but worse he has beaten not only me and my kids it only took two months too see it coming  so from the point i ended it with him he has been trying to find ways to keep the abuse going he has even tried to run over my children and myself while  its going through the courts  for nine years my life has been thrown in to turmoil with having to remain vigilant just in case hes hiding down some side street or  in my back yard now he uses the court to keep the control going   i have had one child have a nervous breakdown because of him he was only 16yo when  my x tried to chock him to death in front of my two younger ones   my son had just got home from working night shift  and my xs  was in the house i didn't know he use to let himself in he didn't have a set of keys to my house but always reminded me he had a master key as he had he own business which in tailed ripping people off this is  how my x and my son had a fallout  because my x is a theft and my son was working with him  at the time and caught him out isn't it strange when you find out the Truth about these psychopaths there masks fall off well i can not say much about my current x as im  going through the courts  i would rather go to jail for protecting my children and i will if he turns up at my house again as there has been three avos and he doesn't mind breaching them but is not held accountable for it so  i will do what i have to do to protect my kidsCrystalSingleton6 months ago thank you for sharing your story, i am facing these problems right now, please read my blog. My daughters 3 and six told child servics about sexual assualts my husband was doing to them but the judge denied our protective restraining order request, in addition my husband whom I am in the process of divorcing has theatened to kidnap my children and make them dissapear if i ever left him. But he tells his attorney it was all made up, that i coached the girls. He is just mad he got caught. He has retaliated against these truths and has tried to paint me as a neglectful parent and mentally unstable because I was adopted. Thanks to his habitual lies and denial my mother has temporary custody of our 3 children until i can get before a judge who cares. so far his attorney has had 4 judges and a continuance. Becuase everytime a judge actually starts reading the facts and become in favor of me, his attny request a new judge, I am trying to be strong my pastor said the truth will come out and a judge will ask him or herself why they are the six judge involved in the case and see what a maipulator he and his attny is. It's just about patience I guess, at least I live with my mom and my children and have the joy of still being with them. check out my blog, it tells our story as well. thank you for sharing.fighting for my kids rights6 months ago Hi I too am going thru this HELL!! I face my ex in six weekshe is manipulative,depressive,violent ,self obsessed alcoholic who hides behind his fake  respectability,his girlfriend is from a rich family who hides behind the fact that she is a high school teacher,the family assessor is related to his brother in law but apparently it is just my say so,and is biased,he has accused me of alienation,my daughter soils herself and vomits at the mere thought of her father and when forced by the court to see him reacted in a severe negative and violent manner,this was not reported by the assessor who instead wrote no contact happened because I failed to prepare the children for contact.I am losing hope very fast and am terrified,these laws are forcing women to remain in violent relationships so they can protect their childrenIts a joke ,it must stop ,can they not see that if the father was not violent there would be no issue? and as far as the fathers' are concerned its all about being able to continue to control us ,and to continue their violence against us theu our children!Josh6 months ago women lie to make dads sound bad when all i see on tv is the women killing the kids i won shared custody and i am a good daddy who was put through hell lied on and now i am very close to getting full custody and when you women lie we can sue for slander so think about thatsafe-at-last6 months ago You don't know me and you don't know my ex so how do you supposedly know I'm lying?I am not.Have I included my name or anybody elses name?So go ahead and sue me for slander JOSH. Or contact my ex and tell HIM to sue me for slander JOSH! The only way he would know that I wrote this would be by admitting that he said and did the things that I have written about. So think about that!And for your informaton, the childrens father has lied in court about me now, and THIS time they did not believe him. Would my children ask me to promise to keep them safe if I was lying?He told my children that he wished I was dead. He told them they were stupid for loving me.After he left, my children told me they wished he was dead.  I told them we don't think like that even about people who behave in a way that is nasty or mean.I also told them it is ok to still love their dad but hate his behavior. Do you tell that to your kids Josh? Or do you tell them how to think and how to feel and criticize them if they don't conform?Sounds to me like you are another dad who thinks denial is a river in Egypt!Child protection worker3 weeks ago From substantial experience, the mother is placing herself in serious danger of being labelled by some half qualified professional witness as "delusional" = mentally ill and dangerous = her children will be removed from her care and handed to their abuser.She could be ordered to have psychiatric treatment to convince her that her children have NOT been abused because she thinks that they have been abused when she knows that they have. The FCA website shows how frequently mental illness now appears as a reason for removing kids. The Chief Justice referred to it in the recent article in the Weekend Australian.Interestingly only the mothers are labelled thus.Research shows that the women are still labelled by judges when independent psychiatrists declare that they are not suffering from any psychiatric disorder.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites85safe-at-lastFrom Western Australia62 Followers46 HubsJoined 9 months agoRead more hubs by safe-at-lastContact safe-at-lastFollow safe-at-lastSubscribe to safe-at-last's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk safe-at-last a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsDo you think a mother can knowingly allow her husband to abuse her children , and still love them?asked by ONEDAYATATIMER 9 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionI want to know how to write a stipulation that extends a restraining order. How long?asked by gandrews13 4 weeks ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsCan You Find Love Again After Abuseby hudsonlibertyAbortions...  legal or not?by Amber MusselmanPonderings of a Paranoiac or Organized Stalking?by safe-at-lastThe Top Three Things Parents  Do To Sabotage Their...by mikicagleRestraining Order Abuse versus the Bill of Rightsby Laura in DenverDivorce Dirty Tricks--Restraining Order Abuseby Laura in Denver Parenting Skills, Styles and Advice ForumTopicRepliesWhen did you allow your child to have a bath alone?posted by L a d y f a c e7What resources do you use to educate your toddlers?posted by Quilligrapher8Dealing With an Explosive Childposted by TammyHammett21Post a new topic57 more topics Tagsdomestic violence sexual abuse post traumatic stress disorder family law family court child protection Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.581 sec)  working