How to Escape an Abusive Relationship.HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceHow to Escape an Abusive Relationship.How to Escape an Abusive Relationship.87rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Patty Inglish, MSHave you seen the red flags? Don't let a red flag become a coffin drape.RED FLAGS Watch for Red Flags of Abuse.HOTLINE HELPHOTLINES - US National Domestic Violence HotlineMAIN NUMBER 18007997233New York 1-800-942-6906California 1-800-524-4765Check the link for your State or US ProtectorateCALL FOR HELPDo know someone that is being abused? Are you being abused?Abuse is about CONTROL. Control of other people is not good or appropriate, except in the context of employers requiring certain workplace behaviors, teachers requiring specific classroom behaviors, parents requiring appropriate child behaviors, governments requiring citizens to follow voted-upon and approved laws, etc. Abuse can become addicting to the abuser and to the target (victim) of the abuse as well. It is highly complex and often must be handled by a complete break of the wife, husband, partner or child from the abuser(s). Until the abused person is absolutely ready to escape, they will not try to do so and they will not listen to advice about it. Why? They may be afraid of worse consequences if they leave, such as their murder, which does sometimes occur. They may be addicted to the abuse, thus feeling that they can change the abuser - they 100% cannot change the abuser, ever; this is part of the addiction.Another part of the addiction is the abused party becoming addicted to discussing their abusive partner's supposed "psychological or psychiatric diagnoses and treatment" as a means to feeling the control that they themselves lack. I cannot overemphasize that this can get out of hand and that no one should label a person with a psych. diagnosis if they are not a licensed professional, have not done a thorough evaluation (a proper one takes days and includes testing, family and individual histories, etc.), or have not been told that the person suffers from such a diagnosis. Strictly speaking, to label a person this way without the proper credentials and procedures is like driving without a lesson when you are 10 years old - It is also 1) name calling and 2) practicing medicine (or psychology) without a license. That means it's a crime in most states. It's misdemeanor in my state and carries a real penalty. So, please don't make things worse by saying that sounds like "____ " (diagnosis name). Please tell your friend to see a professional counselor on the grounds that the behavior sounds disturbed or scary or abusive. If you see the alleged abuser attack your friend, then call the police, but don't be surprised if they won't file charges or if they drop charges later. Also know that the person who is telling you about a diagnosis could be making up the diagnosis on their own, thus compounding the problem with gossip. There is a lot about which you must use your judgment skills in these cases. The best thing you can do is to be available to your friend for venting and emotional support and be ready with information about resources when they ask you for help. Don't be surprised if they change their minds 5 or 6 times or more before taking action. It is not easy to follow through and escape. Many times, they go back to the abuser at least once before they stay gone.Remember, whatever you think is "wrong" with the person could also be a brain tumor or a nutrition deficit. If a person shares their partner's diagnosis of any type - physical or mental health - with you, please ask them why they are telling you, because if they want sympathy or prayer that would be fine. If they want to vent in private to you, that would likely be fine. If they want to use an illness or label as an excuse for the abusive behavior, that's incorrect. No illness is justification for abusiveness to others - pain causes anger, yes, but not abuse. You teach people how to treat you by what you accept from them. If you cease to interact with them every time they treat you abusively, they eventually learn that you won't take it. If they don't learn, then you don't need to see them again. Few abusers change, but those few actually do change with therapy or other help. It won't go away by itself.Additional Hubs that may help:What is Child Abuse?Major Causes of DivorceThe National Domestic Violence Shelter Network and HotlineHOTLINES - US National Domestic Violence HotlineMAIN NUMBER 18007997233New York 1-800-942-6906California1-800-524-4765Check the link for your State or US Protectorate GaslightAmazon Price: $28.94List Price: $19.98Gaslight [VHS]Amazon Price: $9.00List Price: $14.95GaslightAmazon Price: $14.15GaslightAmazon Price: $9.99TYPES OF ABUSE Abuse happens in a number of contexts, some of them unexpected. One of the major factors to remember and be alert in recognizing is that anyone who plays mind games associated with basic needs - food, shelter, clothing, sex - is someone to avoid, because this is abuse.  A partial list of types of abuse includes the following contexts: Verbal*Most types of abuse start with verbal abuse and progress to other forms, because if the target will accept verbal abuse, they may then likely accept other types. Verbal abuse confuses the target and makes them sometimes feel that they disserve the abuse. Many people do not know what constitutes abuse. Verbal abuse leaves deeper scars internally that physical abuse on the outside of the body. Many people never recover from verbal abuse if it is extensive. Abusers themselves often deflect attention away from their unwanted behaviors by accusing other of abusing them. See Patricia Evans' site for help. http://www.verbalabuse.com *NAME CALLING is always abuse. If you have a problem with someone, it is permissible to discuss their unwanted or inappropriate behaviors with them, but it is never morally or informational correct to call anyone a label-name at any time. If you have children in your care, do not allow them to call anyone names.  Mental (Gaslighting and other methods)Gaslighting is, for example, convincing a person that they are imagining things by staging odd events and telling that person that the events did not happen. This term comes from the film Gaslight, a truly terrifying movie in which a man tries to convince his wife that she is insane in order to profit financially. EmotionalPhysicalSexualThis is a continuum of inappropriate control from rape, incest and child molestation to demanding a partner perform sex acts offensive to him/her. FinancialExample: A woman took in 6 foster children and was paid a high daily rate for their care. She required the youth to work summer jobs when they became 14 years old and took every penny that they earned. When school started, they did not have any shoes, but she had a $40,000 sports car. Example: In my state there is no law requiring a husband to support a wife or a wife to support a husband during the marriage. I know of several cases in which the wife was sick and not able to work, there was no food in the house, and the woman could not receive food from social services, because her husband's income was too high. Churches were afraid to intervene with help. These woman had to leave and go to a domestic violence center in order to survive. The same thing happens with men who are unable to work.  Example: A grandmother was held captive in her own basement, because she was crippled with sever arthritis and her daughter-in-law and son that lived there took all of her Social Security Disability Checks. There was no phone in the basement and the woman could not climb the stairs. One day she was able to drag herself upstairs in the empty house, found her son's car keys on the kitchen table, got in the car he had left in the driveway, and drove to a high-end department store. She stole a large expensive camera in order to be arrested so that she could tell the judge that she needed help. She was cleared of the charges and moved to Arizona with the help of the courts and was able to return to work full-time in the drier climate that helped her physical condition.  EducationalMedicalSpiritualReligiousEmployment Discrimination All sorts of abuse is occurring in our country, but Americans are becoming more aware of them and thus better able to prevent them and help those individuals that are ready for help. Anti-abuse and anti-bully programs are entering our school programs and can make a difference. See the links below for more information, definitions, and warning signs of abuse:RESOURCES FOR RECOGNITION AND PREVENTIONEmotional AbuseRED FLAGS listed here.Very important information is in this link.Oprah WinfreyVerbal Abuse - How to Save YourselfCoaching Boys into MenTips and information for African Americans and other groups for raising healthy males.Hidden HurtPrevent Child AbuseNational Center on Elder AbuseAbuse.comSocial, Emotional and Psychological Manipulation Abusive Relationships in the NewsStudy: Abusive relationships beginning earlier with young teensKING5 Seattle3 days agoSEATTLE-- According toa new study by the Washington Coalition AgainstDomestic Violence,abusive relationships tend to start early on in age. Turns out nearly one-third of homicide victims met their abuser in their teenage years. And now the push is on to get the anti-violence message out to a much younger audience. "He would beat me like a man until I did exactly what he wanted me to do ...When love turns deadly: Stephanie Hanvey honors her mother's memory by getting involvedMontgomery Advertiser44 hours agoStephanie Hanvey wants to save lives.APW Middle School Students Learn to be SAF KIDSOswego County Today2 days agoAPW Middle School Students Learn to be SAF KIDS Students in APW Middle Schools Family and Consumer Science Classes were recently visited by Kristi Taylor and Nikki McDermott, staff members from Oswego County Opportunities Services to Aid Families (SAF) Program. Taylor and McDermott were there to educate and inform students about many of the different [...]UK parents face government 'fees' to break-upNew Kerala81 minutes agoLondon, Jan 9 : As part of controversial plans to tackle family breakdown, parents who part ways face having to pay a 'fee' to the UK government to sort out their child maintenance arrangements.January is National Stalking Awareness MonthKFVS 12 Cape Girardeau5 hours agoJanuary is National Stalking Awareness Month. Stalking affects 3.4 million victims a year.AwarenessNEW Domestic Violence - Buzawa, Eva Schlesinger/ Buzawa Current Bid: $47.45 Domestic Violence Key Chain - NEW Current Bid: $6.50 Teal Purple Sex Assault Domestic Violence Ribbon Pin  Current Bid: $6.97 TERROR AT HOME:DOMESTIC VIOLENCE~LIFETIME~EMMY DVD~LN Current Bid: $17.95 PURPLE RIBBON 9 MM ITALIAN CHARM DOMESTIC VIOLENCE Current Bid: $2.79 Finally at Peace: A Domestic Violence Survivor's Story  Current Bid: $15.47 What is Abuse?The Verbally Abusive Relationship: How to recognize it and how to respondAmazon Price: $8.93List Price: $15.95The Emotionally Abusive Relationship: How to Stop Being Abused and How to Stop AbusingAmazon Price: $8.33List Price: $14.95It's My Life Now: Starting Over After an Abusive Relationship or Domestic Violence, 2nd EditionAmazon Price: $13.31List Price: $21.95Free Yourself From an Abusive RelationshipAmazon Price: $8.95List Price: $17.95The Verbally Abusive RelationshipAmazon Price: $15.95But I Love Him: Protecting Your Teen Daughter from Controlling, Abusive Dating RelationshipsAmazon Price: $3.58List Price: $13.00vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome Beautiful Health and Medicine: April 2 is World Autism Awareness Day - Let the Flowers Bloom!Health and Medicine: Top 10 Best Healthcare Careers 2010 - 2020Comments and QuestionsGuru-C3 years ago Dear Patty, As a survivor of abuse, I thank you with all my heart for sharing this life-saving information!  Bless you!!!An ex of mine was under the care of a psychiatrist for depression and anxiety with huge doses of combined anti-depressents, Xanax, sleeing medication, focus medication, and occasional booster prescriptions.  Add recreationals, and you have quite a handful to deal with.  If the person has an aggressive nature, stand back!  I will add, that in addition to his MD, I did "practice psychology without a license", because I justified all of his misbehaving with a psychological "sign and symptom".  The fact that the person is under the care of a physician doesn't make the behaviour any less abusive, right?Patty Inglish, MS3 years ago Oh, Guru-C, how horrible! I'm so sorry you experienced that torture, but you can surely use it to help educate others I hope. And yes, you are right that the presence of medical care does not make the unwanted behaviors any less abusive.As a society in the last 25 years, we have done victim-blaming (blamed the patients for their ills) and then alternately excused the patients from all responsibility (They're sick, so it's unavoidable...). Man O Man, we need some common sense in this nation about these things! So, we can spread the word among ourselves so it will spread further.Thanks for the comment!  Being with an absuer can be like wading hip deep in quicksand while demons whip you and tell you you're stupid. Really a Dante's Inferno of all 9 circles at once. Bless you that you survived.Guru-C3 years ago Patty, Thank you so much for your empathy.  And of course it goes without saying that the person doesn't have to hit for it to be abuse.  The fear factor here was that he would sharpen knives or brandish a pocket knife whenever we argued.  And he'd block the door if I tried to leave the room if we weren't getting anywhere.  The first time it happened, I actually felt guilty that I let it happen...  Long story.  Thank you again for opening up this conversation, and especially for the resources.  You're Great!Guru-C3 years ago Hello, again, Patty, Guess what, I went to submit this article to Digg, and it already had 2 Diggs!  Kudos.Patty Inglish, MS3 years ago Hey, thanks Guru-C. I hope as many people as possible can learn to help prevent abuse. I post on a faith-based site for this activity if you ever want to have a look, but there are many sites, faith-based and not...http://www.jesushealsabuse.informe.comlacyleathers2 years ago Patty.....as a survivor (there are many of us) I thank you for the info! An important part of recovery (yes abused persons go thru recovery from past behaviors) is realizing that there is a problem. The abuser convinces you there is no problem, but with you! If you are in an abusive relationship....get all the info you can. Even if you don't realize it's abusive...but it doesn't feel right....seek info and help! There are those of us (thank you Patty) that are with you! Thank You for this hub!Patty Inglish, MS2 years ago I think that a large part of American families have seen abuse closeup. Thanks for your testimony, lacyfeathers; it will help others to decide to find help.Stacie Naczelnik2 years ago I grew up in a household of domestic abuse and truly believe that the best way to stop it is by not allowing it to remain something we don't talk about.  Great hub.Patty Inglish, MS2 years ago Thank you Stacie. I completely believe this, too. Abusers demand the abused to keep the secret, but this secret must be exposed. I feel bad for all the abuse the people here in this thread and on Hub Pages have endured.For a time, I knew so many abusers that I did not think that healthy people existed any longer. But I resisted and spoke out when abuse came my way, and speaking out stopped it. You are right - we must talk about abuse.     dianado2 years ago Thank you so much for this resource. I have recently been opening up a time when I was abused and often have put labels on my abuser but it never fealt good to do so. I think you're adviice and discriptions of each type makes a lot of sense.Patty Inglish, MS2 years ago Thaks for your comment dianado. I hope this information continues to be useful to you.Sometimes we can "get stucK' on a label, so I use them very rarely.Best wishes to you.crazybeanrider2 years ago Having recently escaped a three year abusive relationship i find this hub very informative. The links and resource information you provide is very helpful.Patty Inglish, MS2 years ago Hi crazybeanrider. Very often, these abusive relationships are difficult to get away form. Congratlations for doing so and I hope you life is happier overall right now --relieved and ready for new joy.PattyPatty Inglish, MS2 years ago Abuse is becoming more and mroe talked -about and several Hubs have been written on this subject recently - Search Hub Pages for "abuse" and "abusive relationships"; also "bully" and bullies."The more we think about it and discuss it, the more we bring it to light for a solution!betherickson2 years ago I absolutely agree with you. The abusive behavior must not be tolerated. You have a very informative article. :)amber2 years ago men suck!!!!!!!!!!!!!1Patty Inglish, MS2 years ago Soundslike you have had some rotten experiences, amber. Just don't accept the behavior and keep looking - there are still good people out there.betherickson - Thanks for stopping by and commenting!vlo20 months ago in 1995 after two years in a verbal/emotionally abusive relationship. It made me stay out of relationships. 8 years later i meet a guy who slowly becomes verbally/emotionally abusive. We were together for almost 6 years and just a couple of years ago, i went back to school full-time, i built my finances, material possessions, etc. back up and not long ago, after no longer spending birthdays, holidays or special occasions with this person, just phone calls, i finally had enough. he will always be angry that he couln't break me down and ruin my self esteem and self worth totally. i hope he gets rid of the demons and cobwebs in his head. i cared more about me than him and now i have to work diligently to never have to go through that again.Patty Inglish, MS20 months ago vlo - Stay strong and yet be open to love again, but with your good foresight. Best wishes and protective prayers and blessings for you going up.wendi_w15 months ago Thank you for your post . Knowledge is power as a survivor myself I feel it is important to reach out to those who are going through it and to warn those we canplease9 months ago what can i do my bf  used to be so different, i had a kid with him and now he is threatening my son, to take him and sell him so i can never see him again if i don't buy him weed. He says I can't get my son because I smoked before to not break down emotionally. HE only insults me and when i thought we made up by having a love session , he woke up in the morning and charged me for it, and threatened my son with a switchblade. HE is only belittling me and I am scared, I have no money just about 100 a week and I have no where to go.Patty Inglish, MS9 months ago He is lying about many things to you. Call the following Domestic Violence Hotlines, take your son to domestic violence shelter they tell you about. They will help you with work, housing, food, legal, etc. Leave the possessions behind; you don't need them; you need your LIFE to help your son.MAIN NUMBER 1?800?799?7233New York 1-800-942-6906Do it. Don't fool around, wondering. Get out.Patty Inglish, MS9 months ago 1-800-799-7233Amy S.7 months ago Hi I'm 27 years old and my husband is 48, and we live in AZ. I have been in a physical, mental, and verbally abusive relationship now for 7 years. He has hurt and abused me in every way you can think of except sexually. So I got tired of being treated the way I do, and I wanted to know what it really felt like to be loved and in a healthy realationship I met this man who lives in OR on Myspace and have been talking with him online and on the phone now for 6 months.We talk on the phone every day for at least 3 hours. He loves me and wants to treat me right and tells me he will never call me names, or hit, or yell at me, and is worried every day that I am with my husband. He said that he could never hit a woman and thinks it's sick. He wants to build a life with me.I want to leave my husband so bad, but I'm scared that it won't be the right choice, and I don't have any money, but I know staying where I am treated bad and belittled every day is not a good choice either. The man I want to be with and fell in love wants to come with his friend and take me away from here in August. He has no car and thats the only thing that makes me feel strange, other than that I really want to be with him. I'm just so afraid. Like what will happen when he comes to get me and what will my husband do? It hurts me inside a lot, to leave my husband. I'm always in indecsion and I am having a hard time figuring things out. I have wanted to go see a counsler about this all but my husband will not allow me. I just don't know what to do. i know I do not want to ever be in a shelter. i just want to be with my boyfriend. I'm just scared.Patty Inglish, MS7 months ago If you don't want counseling or a shelter, you may be in for a hard road ahead. From my professional psych/counseling cases, I say that going from an abusive relationship straight into another romantic relationship is not healthy.Some men (women) prey on abused women (men) on the Interent and the telephone daily, grooming the abused people in order to capture them into a different web of abuse. And this guy does not have a car? That is a red flag. Does he have a job? A police record? A wife or former wife? Children? Does he take psych medications? Drink? Do drugs?Sometimes, a rescuer-boyfriend will bring a friend and take a young woman away from an abuser, only to force her into prostitution.Think it through, be sure what you want to do, do it, and be ready for the unexpected. Know where the local police stations are at all times and go there or call if you need them.Call the hotline and talk with someone. It does not obligate you.Amy S.7 months ago This man has been married 3 times, divorced, and has no children. He does not have a job and lives on disablity ssi, I think you call it. He is a cancer survivor. He smokes weed, but so do I. He's a surfer, and lives in a one bedroom apartment. He drinks very little. He's very into rpg's, books and history study and seems very nerdy. One night I was on the phone with him and he had only had two beers and was already drunk, and all him and his friend spoke about for 2 hours was comic books, rpg, Avatar,and ancient egypt. He is very sexual. I'm still not sure. He also says he has bad teeth, and was afraid that I would not like him because of it. He has no police record, and told me he has only had minor traffic tickets, and has never been arrested.Amy S.7 months ago Thank you for your advice. I found it very helpful.Patty Inglish, MS7 months ago Sounds like some teenagers on summer vacation, huh?Amy S.7 months ago Yep kinda does.OntariFamilyLawCa7 months ago Good hub!ItsThatSimple11 days ago Love should be a positive and mutually fulfilling experience for a couple. Part of the problem is that many women do not know that having the loving, happy relationship they've always dreamed of is possible. With positive thinking and positive energy we can attract what we most desire. Thanks for the hub, I hope it helps people!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites100Patty Inglish, MSHubPages EliteFrom HubPages America4424 Followers1423 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by Patty Inglish, MSContact Patty Inglish, MSFollow Patty Inglish, MSSubscribe to Patty Inglish, MS's RSS feedAnswers The QuestionHave you or a family memeber or friend been in or still in an abusive relationship. If so what are you suggestions in helping someone to get out of the relationship.asked by lasswaffo 3 years ago8 answersAnswer this question Ask a QuestionAsk Patty Inglish, MS a question based on this Hub.Questions Asked on this HubHello my name is Alessandra Espino,I'm a senior at Haverford High School. All the seniors...asked by alessandraF18 7 weeks ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsMajor Causes Of Divorce -- Japan Gaining on USA and Canada...by Patty Inglish, MSFireWife: A Story Of Fire and Waterby Patty Inglish, MSHow to Recognize and Prevent Child Abuseby Patty Inglish, MSDomestic violence against men: the hidden side of spousal...by EmpressFelicityThe True Story of a Domestic Violence Victim..... Me!by mistyhorizon2003Faces of Domestic Violence - Pt. 2by Money Glitch Education and Science ForumTopicRepliesAre all beliefs irrational, or mainly religious beliefs?posted by Baileybear12What is the "value" of man to this planet?posted by qwark139languagesposted by matherese9Post a new topic1036 more topics Tagsrelationships domestic violence physical abuse verbal abuse abusive relationship red flags Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.819 sec)  working