Prevent BullyingHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceElementary, Middle School and High SchoolPrevent BullyingPrevent Bullying77rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Carol RossiWhenI was a child a bully lived at the bottom of our hill.  Bruce was only 12, but to my seven-year oldeyes, he was as big and terrifying as a grown man.Theneighborhood mail box was directly in front of Bruces house and his particularpleasure was to torment the kids who came to post letters for theirmothers.  He would burst from the housescreaming "GET AWAY FROM MY MAILBOX" and issue dire warnings ofbodily harm if we dared post a letter there again.  I was so sacred of Bruce I would pause tolook for him before I passed his house. Then I would run to the mailbox, toss in the letters, and run again.  Sometimes I would hear the little creep laughing, enjoyingthe effect he had on me.  Thelast time Bruce bullied me was a sneak attack. I had just put the letters in the mailbox and turned to findhim, hands on hips, blocking the sidewalk and deliberately menacing me.  I warned you about using my mailbox he hissed.  Terrified,I turned and ran all the way around the block rather than dare pass Bruce.  When I stumbled sobbing into our yard I ranstraight into my older brother, Doug, who was talking with a friend.  Annoyed at my intrusion he asked what myproblem was and I choked out the story. Sensing a chance to show off, Doug took me and his friend back down thehill to the mailbox then sent me in to mail a letter.  Bruce took the bait like the fool he was and chargedout screaming threats, but stopped and blanched in fear when Doug and hisfriend stepped up.  Dougwas 17 and towered over Bruce.  Hegrabbed his shirt front with both hands, lifted him off the ground, held himclose to his face and bellowed ARE YOU BOTHERING MY SISTER?   No, Bruce managed to squeak.  It was a ridiculous exchange of words, butdelicious to me.  Dangling from Dougshands I could see that Bruce was nothing more than a child.  IF YOU BOTHER MY SISTER AGAIN ILL COME DOWNAND KICK YOUR ASS AROUND THE BLOCK!! Doug tossed Bruce onto his butt then turned and walked offlaughing with his friend, paying no further attention to me or the bully.  Evena seven year-old could tell that Dougs intervention on my behalf was for hisown entertainment and that he had been a bully himself.  I didnt let that interfere with my sublimepleasure seeing Bruce rumpled in a heap sniveling like a baby.  Plus, he never bothered me again.  The prevalence of bullyingTherehave been bullies as long as there have been schoolyards, playgrounds, alleys,and street corners for them to prowl and weaker victims to menace.  In the past, bullying was not always viewedas destructive behavior but rather as a childhood rite-of-passage that kidshad to endure, or an opportunity for them to learn to stand up for themselvesand deal with problems.   It is nowrecognized that bullying can leave lasting emotional scars on the victim,resulting in depression, physical illness, social withdrawal, drug or alcoholuse, and poor academic performance.  Andbullying has become particularly relentless in our electronic age when childrencan torment each other 24/7 with text messages, email, social networking sites,and cell phone photos.  There is no safehaven when a bully can enter a childs bedroom via computer and enlist anentire network of cohorts to enjoy the fun. Bullyinghas become so prevalent that an estimated 160,000 students stay home fromschool every day rather than face more incidents, and as many as 1 in 10children may endure repeated aggression. Congress even introduced a bill that would require schools to protect studentsfrom bullying after two 11-year old boys committed suicide in 2009, allegedlybecause they were relentlessly bullied by schoolmates for being gay.  Congress, however, cannot legislate bullyingaway.  Bullying prevention in schoolsrequires the universal efforts of staff, students, and parents to teachrespect, enforce discipline, identify problems, and monitor behavior.What is bullying?Bullyingis repeated aggressive behavior that is intended to hurt or control another person.  It occurs when there is animbalance of power between the bully and the victim, who has a difficult timedefending him or her self.  The bullyspower can be derived from physical size, popularity, intellectual superiority,social standing, attractiveness, or other attribute the bully has and thetarget is perceived to lack.There arefour main forms of bullying:Physical bullying involves using physical force to harm the victimsuch as hitting, shoving, grabbing, intimidating, or holding them down.  The bully may also steal or break thetargets possessions or extort money from them.Verbal bullying involves using words to hurt others.  This includes teasing, taunting,name-calling, insulting, and ridiculing but can also involve hostile gestureslike making faces, spitting, sniffing the victim, or staring.Relational bullying is an effort to damage the targets relationshipswith his or her peers.  This can involvespreading malicious rumors, ostracizing, gossiping, or ignoring the target.Cyberbullying is a relatively new development that refers to theuse of cell phones, computers, texting, social networking websites, blogs orother means to send insulting or threatening messages to the victims or spreaddestructive rumors or gossip about them.Boysmore often engage in direct, physical bullying while girls tend to specializein indirect, relational bullying.  Remember:  bullying is hurtful, intentional, andrepeated, and there is a power imbalance between the bully and the target.Do not confuse bullying with conflict. People can have conflict and still remain respectful of each other because conflict does not necessarily involve a power inbalance or intentional harm. Kids can often resolve conflict on their own if given a little prompting. Bullying, however, requires adult intervention because the victim is unable to defend himself. Signs of bullyingKidswill often not report bullying incidents because they are ashamed, figure it is theirfault, think their parents wont believe them or will urge them to fight back,or dont want to be seen as snitches.   If you child does not tell you about bullyingthere are warning signs to watch for: Social withdrawal or     few friendsComing home with visible     bruises or injuriesChange in personality     or behaviorSadness, anxiety,     loss of appetite, not sleeping wellMood swings, cries     easilyAvoids certain     situations or going certain places he used to enjoyDoesnt want to go to     school or take the busComes home with torn     or soiled clothingBrings home damaged     possessions Reports losing lunch     money Talks about running     awayUnexplained angerAttempts to take a     weapon to schoolIfyou suspect your child is being bullied, start a casual conversation with him orher.  Ask open ended questions such asHow was school today?, What games did you play at recess?, Who did youhave lunch with today?, What did you have for lunch?, Who did you sit withon the bus?, What did you talk about?, How is your friend James?, Did youmeet any new kids today?.  Ifyour normally talkative child is evasive or reluctant to answer such simplequestions, they may be hiding a bullying situation.  If she does not open up but continues toexhibit warning behavior you will have to be direct.  Start out by emphasizing that you love herand that if she has a problem at school you will work out a solutiontogether.  Then ask if someone is deliberatelytrying to hurt her or make her unhappy.   Your child reports bullyingIfyour child does report bullying do not get angry, press too hard for information, orthreaten harm to the bully.  Control youremotions.  You will probably be angry atthe bully but any expressed anger may be interpreted by your child as anger athim.  Remain calm but concerned.  Ask for specifics such as who is bullyinghim, how he is being bullied, where the incidents occur, and how often.  Listen carefully and dont make comments thatimply your child provoked the bully or that the bullying is somehow hisfault.  Dont criticize if you disagreewith how he handled the situation and dont immediately offer solutions.  Ask your child what he thinks can be done tohelp and tell him that you will think about what to do.  Typicalbad advice NOT to give children onhandling bullies includes:Ignore it.      Would you ignore it if     someone bigger than you stopped you on the way to work, blocked your path,     threatened you with bodily harm, stole your briefcase, and made you hand     over your money?  No!  You would probably call the police and report     an assault.  Dont expect your child     to ignore repeated bullying.Sort it out between yourselves.  Remember, bullying occurs when there is an imbalance of power.  Your child is not in a position to     negotiate or work it out.   Also, he probably lacks the skills and     confidence to deal with it on his own.       That may be why he is in the bullying situation in the first place.Hit back.      Although this advice may     satisfy our thirst for instant justice it most times is impractical     because the bully is usually bigger and stronger or there are multiple     bullies.  Your child could get seriously     hurt or expelled from school for fighting.      Why lower him to the level of the bully?Middle school launches new advocacy program to prevent bullyingWCBD-TV Charleston3 days agoLaing Middle School has launched a new student advocacy program to help prevent bullying.State presses Gosnold for anti-bullying planCape Cod Times4 days agoThe state's least populated town  the island community of Gosnold  earned a second unique distinction at year's end: It is one of two public school districts statewide that didn't submit a plan by Dec.One-room school didn't see need for anti-bullying planBoston Herald4 days agoThe state's least populated town, Gosnold, earned a second unique distinction at year's end: It is one of two public...Bullying Still a Problem for ManyThe Southern Pines Pilot13 hours agoBullying, once brushed off socially as a childhood rite of passage in a schoolyard, is taking on a new form in the world of social media and text messages. In light of school violence and suicides connected to bullying over the past 15 years, both lawmakers and school officials have been trying to define a clear solution to curb harassment.GRPS works to prevent online bullyingWOOD TV 8 Grand Rapids5 days agoSocial networking sites such as Facebook allow people to share personal stories and photos -- but they can serve as a platform for students to bully and harass, as well.Anti-bullying plans setWorcester Telegram & Gazette5 days agoAs former principal of the Belmont Community School in Worcester, John F. Monfredo has been passionate about protecting students from bullying. For the past five years, as a Worcester School Committee member, he has pushed locally for measures to prevent bullying and has advocated for legislation at the state level.One-room Cuttyhunk school didn't see need for anti-bullying planThe Standard-Times4 days agoThe state's least populated town, Gosnold, earned a second unique distinction at year's end: It is one of two public school districts statewide that didn't submit a plan to prevent bullying in schools by Dec. 31.Stopping BullyingThebest way to stop bullying is to not let your child become a victim in the firstplace.  Researchers have found thatbullies tend to be very self-confident and like to bully others they perceiveas shy, socially backward, meek, physically uncoordinated, less attractive, orless intelligent.  Make your child more bully-resistant :Instill     self-confidence.  Encourage your     child to engage in activities, sports, and hobbies where he or she can     excel.  Praise their small triumphs     and coach instead of criticize when they need direction.  Help develop their talents and special     attributes.Help your child     establish good social skills.  Teach     them to be respectful of others, share their toys, and be a good     friend.  Observe his or her interactions     with peers.  If your child displays     annoying behaviors like talking too much, boasting, whining, or being     argumentative, he can be inadvertently inviting bullying because he is     irritating.  Your child may need     counseling to learn appropriate group social skills.Encourage your child     to make friends.  Bullies prefer to     attack victims who are alone.      Multiple friendships also boost a childs confidence and help her     feel good about herself.  The     friendship pool should be diverse.      Look for suitable friends among schoolmates, neighborhood children,     sports teammates, or fellow members of clubs or auxiliary groups like the     Scouts.  Having a diverse group of     friends teaches your child that he can be successful in various social     settings. Teach your child to be     assertive.  This includes speaking up     for herself if someone tries to intimidate her or put her down with unkind     remarks.    Practice with her to     develop a firm, self-assured speaking voice.  Try role playing and rehearse some     replies that can defuse a bullys taunts.      For example, a girl might bully your daughter by criticizing her     clothes or hairstyle.  Tell your     daughter to look the bully in the eye and ask Why is that any concern of     yours?  This is not the reaction     the bully is expecting and she may back off and look for easier targets.Teach your child     early that they must not let anyone touch them in a way that makes them     uncomfortable.  This includes sexual     touching or bullying shoving or hitting.      Tell them to walk away from the situation immediately and report     the incident to a trusted adult.  They     must also tell you as soon as possible.Teach your child     basic self defense; martial arts classes are good for confidence building     and also introduce your child to new friends.  But emphasize that self defense skills     are used to protect oneself if attacked by a bully, not to encourage your     child to fight the bully.  Again,     bullying always involves an imbalance of power so the bully is probably     confident he can win a fight with your child.  You child must have enough skill to     defend himself until he can extricate himself and escape the situation     with as little harm as possible.Preventing Classroom BullyingWhat teachers can doCyberbullying FAQ For Teens  National Crime Prevention CouncilFrequently asked questions about cyberbullying.What is Cyberbullying?  National Crime Prevention CouncilAn explanation of cyberbullying and what parents and kids can do about it.National Mental Health Information CenterTake Action Against BullyingStop Bullying Now!Bullying Information, Resources, and Prevention Tips from the US Department of Health and Human Services.Action parents should takeIfyou know or suspect your child is being bullied at school you should notify theschool principal in person or through a telephone conversation and follow-upwith a written synopsis of your discussion.Describe what you discussed, what action the principal agreed to take toresolve the situation, and what further action or contacts might benecessary. The written follow-up isvital because schools are obligated to respond to reports of bullying and itwill strengthen your case if you must contact outside authorities.Becalm and professional during your meeting with school officials. Provide the facts as you know them without becomingdefensive, angry, or emotional. Listen carefullyto what they have to say and give them an opportunity to investigate thesituation and get back to you. Emphasizethat you want to work with them to find an appropriate solution to the problembut make it clear that you expect the bullying to stop. Donot contact the parents of the bully.That is the responsibility of the school officials. Besides, many times child bullies learn theiraggressive behavior from their parents. Youmay find yourself attempting to deal with an adult bully.Ifthe bullying persists, contact school officials again and have a face-to facemeeting. Emphasize again that anappropriate solution must be found immediately and ask what they intend to do. Follow up this meeting with a letter describingyour expectations. If you sense theschool is trying to whitewash or shrug off your concerns, you may have tosuggest outside interventions might be necessary. These caninclude speaking with the school board or district superintendent, lawenforcement agents, or an attorney.Bullyingthat takes place off school grounds may be more difficult to handle. If you know the bullies are students fromyour childs school, then approaching school officials is appropriate. But if you cant identify the bullies, orthey are non-students or other young adults, you may have to contact thepolice. Fortunately, it is much easierfor your child to avoid non-school bullying situations by changing theirroutines or finding new places to hang out with friends.Anti-Bully ProgramsBotvin LifeSkills TrainingBullying Prevention ProgramsEdu Safe  -  Strategies for Prevention and InterventionLearn how to enhance school safety through practical and common sense strategiesOlweus Bullying Prevention ProgramThe Olweus Program (pronounced Ol-VEY-us; the E sounds like a long A) is a comprehensive, school-wide program designed and evaluated for use in elementary, middle, or junior high schools.  The programs goals are to reduce and prevent bullying probleAction schools can takeAllschools should have a written anti-bullying policy in place that emphasizeszero tolerance for any forms of bullying or violence on or off campus. Administrators can also survey students andthe physical campus to pinpoint trouble spots where bullying most frequentlytakes place. Restrooms, locker rooms, stairwells,isolated hallways and any place known to be shielded from adult supervision arethe most common sites for bullying. Whenproblem areas are identified, school officials can devise means to bettersupervise them or make them off limits to students.Butbullying also takes place in the classroom under the gaze of teachers andstaff, which makes universal cultural changes necessary. Many anti-bullying programs have beendeveloped and are offered to schools to teach students and staff how to manage conflictand anger, respect individual differences and diversity, and practice positivebehavior rather than aggression. Expertsalso agree that any anti-bully program must also deliver negative consequencesto bullies.EpilogMy personal bully Bruce moved away with his family about a year after my last encounter with him. I saw Bruce nine years later after a performance of our high school orchestra. His cousin Gary played the clarinet and Bruce came backstage to contragulate him for his excellent solo performance. I recognized Bruce immediately, even though he was now a young man in his early 20's. I watched how he joked and talked with Gary and could tell they were close; I was touched that he would come see his younger cousin play in a high school concert. That chance sighting gave me hope that Bruce outgrew his bully tendencies and had become a thoughtful, kind adult. I also wondered how much my brother's "intervention" had set Bruce on a different path.We owe all kids a chance to grow up bully-free.  vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Commentsmarcel28513 months ago I really enjoyed reading this very informative and helpful info.Although i don't have any kids yet, i have a little sister whos 13yrs old and gets bullied. The results of this are heartbreaking for me and anger me deeply. My little sister is a very emotionaly fragile little girl because of bullying, and she gets so upset over the smallest things. This upsets me also, as i love my sister tremendously.My sister, Emily-jane, believes she gets bullied because shes not pretty enough. I asked her why she thinks the 'popular girls' are mean to her, and that is what she said, 'because i'm not pretty enough.'Emily was born 2 and a half months premature, resulting in a defect called 'elfins disease.' The condition causes a child to have limited concentration, bad eye sight -(she gets teased for wearing glasses), and causes the child to have elfish looking features. Hence, my sister is rather short and very thin, she has huge googly green eyes, a little slightly turned up button nose, and slightly pointy teeth. (no pointy ears, which some unfortunate kids whom have this condition can be born with.) Emily is teased because of her appearance. Funily enough, i honestly consider Emily to be one of the most phyically beautiful people iv'e ever seen. That's true, i'm not just saying it. Of course it's in a very 'unusual way', not typical.Shame on the parents of these children!!!!! They are the ones responsible. Some parents really need to wake the f*** up, and teach their children the differance between right ans wrong.Carol Rossi13 months ago Hello Marcel,Thank you for your comments.  I worked with a colleague who had twin girls with the so-called "defect" of elfins disease.  People whispered that the girls were like "little monsters".  But one day I had an office function at my home and she brought the girls because she could not get a baby sitter.  The girls were utterly charming both in appearance and behavior!  I told them they looked like fairy tale princesses (they really did!) and they just beamed with joy.Emily is so lucky to have a brother who loves her.  Please try to redirect your anger and channel it into building up her self esteem.  I know it is hard, but she needs positive vibes, not anger.Thanks again for your comments and best wishes.CarolCarol Rossi13 months ago Oops!  Sorry Marcel.  You are clearly Emily's sister.  I associate the name "Marcel" with males so I slipped up.Caroltim-tim12 months ago There is no reason for bullying in this world but it happens everyday. It is sad and I feel bad for both. People seem to want to bully because they might be struggling with their own issues such as power, identity. Thanks for the great hub. Awareness is important.Kaylee Mitchell2 months ago I hate bullying i used to be bullied.  I didn't think anyone liked me, but I know they do they were just dealing with their issues by taking it out on others.  Still there is no excuse for bullying.  God Bless, signed KayleeSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites85Carol Rossi30 Followers54 HubsJoined 14 months agoRead more hubs by Carol RossiContact Carol RossiFollow Carol RossiSubscribe to Carol Rossi's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Carol Rossi a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsHow to Prevent Bullying?asked by websclubs 2 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionBullying Prevention Monthasked by cnslrwebb 2 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated Hubs12 Ways To Decrease Hair Loss And Strengthen Hairby Ben ZoltakYeast Infection in Dogs - Dog Ear Infectionby Whitney05Sick Hamster - Signs and Treatment of Common Cold in a...by Whitney05What cause gaps when you wear a shirt or  blouse with...by thougtforceDog Bloat: Symptoms, Causes, Treatment, and Preventionby habeeSexual Harassment Cases and Resultsby Patty Inglish, MS Elementary, Middle School and High School ForumTopicRepliesShould we abolish teacher's unions?posted by Stevennix200146Todays Education Systemposted by jillfil06Idiomsposted by Alphabet Rioa0Post a new topic54 more topics Tagsprevention bullies bulllying Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.162 sec)  working