Disturbing French Vogue photoshoot featuring children // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 212Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 73Corporations or politicians hurting America? 13The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 06, 2011| 83 commentsDisturbing French Vogue photoshoot featuring childrensource: http://vigilantcitizen.com/?p=5998An error occurred while setting up video display.maasanova added thisA peodophiles dream issue of Vogue has recently been released. I don't really have many words for these pictures.This post was featured at I Am The Witness, but the original link is from a very popular conspiracy website that deals with the occult, music and mind control, and after following this blog off and on for two years, I highly recommend it.***This issue of French Vogue features a truly disturbing photo shoot featuring young girls (around 6 years old) in heavy make-up, high heels and designer clothes. Some pictures actually sexualize these girls by placing them in strange settings.groups:News, News and Politics, Culture, Art and Style, Art, Fashion, current cult, Opinion, photography, fake it up, Debate, D/T/A/A/P, Submit story ideas "ripped from the headlines." 9 moretags:WTF,Fashion,Media,Mainstream Media,Pedophilia,peodophiles 2 more|83 comments// Disturbing French Vogue photoshoot featuring childrenhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0ArchDruidthe majority of young children who are sexually abused are done so by someone they know, like parents,relative,family friend,teacher,priest....... 1 day agoflag  reply0ArchDruidthis is only a printed image of a fully clothed young woman showing very little flesh. Images like this don't create pedophiles, they will exist with or without these kind of images.Fashions worn by young people are very different than 20 years. Young females have always played at dressing up, following their mothers.I never really understand the sexual morals of many Americans.I think you would find far worse on the beaches or in the hundreds of pageants held every in the US which have girls younger than the one in this printed image? 2 days agoflag  reply0maasanovahttp://www.stylelist.com/2009/10/13/french-vogue-blackface-model-lara-stone/3Carine Roitfeld ,the same "briliant" stylist who came up with this "risque" child model photo shoot, also was reponsible for a Vogue cover of models in blackface.How nice. 2 days agoflag  reply0remanns  maasanova:The germane assessment being - - -unless you think the artists is BOTH a racist AND a pedophile - there IS someting else going on. SOCIALLY CHALLENGING -on purpose-,...methinks.duh. 2 days agoflag  reply0remanns  maasanova:p.s. +^d -  but NO,....not "nice" ; provocateve/argumentative/unsetteling    oh,...and even somewhat entertaining. 2 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  remanns:At least the blackface models are somewhat artistic, if not politically incorrect and offensive to some. 2 days agoflag  reply0jeffreyakYou all are fucked in the head if you think there is something wrong with little girls dressed up.  Please get over yourselves. 2 days agoflag  reply-1MotherForTruthAnd then we all wonder why we have pedophiles, our society is promoting despicable crimes. This sends the wrong message to all young girls. 2 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  MotherForTruth:Little girls PLAYING dress-up has NOTHING to do with why we have pedophiles in our mists. This is about as silly as blaming Playboy for why we have rapists running around. 2 days agoflag  reply-1MotherForTruth  Radical_Centrist:This is not a dress up, this photos promote sexualizing girls. 2 days agoflag  reply+4Radical_Centrist  MotherForTruth:I do not like the pictures and like I said would not allow my Daughter to pose for them, but I think the sex aspect is in the mind of the viewer. I mean if you are LOOKING for smut I think you will find it and if you are looking for Art I think you could find that in them as well. Child Porn exist because there are Pedophiles NOT the other way around. 2 days agoflag  reply+1MotherForTruth  Radical_Centrist:I agree the interpretation is up to the viewer. Interesting fact that you would not let your daughter dress up and pose this way but it's ok for someone else's daughter? 2 days agoflag  reply0remanns  Radical_Centrist:SPOT ON.   +^d 2 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  MotherForTruth:I do not believe in Children wearing Makeup. My Daughter will not be allowed to wear makeup aside from clear coat nail polish and lip gloss until she is 18. I never said the pictures were appropriate I said they were non-pornographic. 1 day agoflag  reply+1MotherForTruth  Radical_Centrist:It appears that we basically agree. I never called this picture pornographic either. In out society people are pushed to every limit and then jails are awaiting for those who are not able to withstand. I am not familiar with psychology of pedophilia, but these type of pictures are wrong on many levels. First, no good parent would want to make their daughter be the symbol of sex, second, young girls dream about love not sex and this type pictures leave impression that girls must be seductive to be loved. Third, public opinion and media manipulates public creating opinions. As I mentioned before it pushes human limits, let say someone is struggling with wight issues and consistently forced to attend feasts or an alcoholic watching others drink. Some week souls will give up and fall for the temptation. Once again, I do not support pedophilia but it appears that the media is working hard on creating the challenge. 1 day agoflag  reply+1maasanova  MotherForTruth:MotherForTruth, since I couldn't articulate my thoughts on this after trying on several posts related to stuff like this, you said it better than I ever could! 1 day agoflag  reply0MotherForTruth  maasanova:We are all misunderstood sometimes especially those who can think critically and able to form their own opinion.Edited: maasanova, thank you! 1 day agoflag  reply0mitekillemI just think it's plain effing-weird to have young girls dressed as supermodels. They're not sexy, they're not supposed to be at that age. It's not even cute...because they look so much like women that it takes that "cuteness" factor out of it. Call it Art if you like. I find it unsettling. 3 days agoflag  reply0realfranwell, the editor of french vogue resigned after this issue, so there you have it, even the very people that advertise in this magazine and are responsable for this publication wouldnt agree with this take on fashion and asked for her resignation. 3 days agoflag  reply+3Radical_Centrist  realfran:The French are not nearly as prudish as we Americans, so I doubt this was the sole issue that caused her to resign. 3 days agoflag  reply0realfran  Radical_Centrist:I guess youre right, but i do think it was a factor.Im not american, but i feel you cant call prudish someone who feels unconfortable with this kind of pictures.I do find them with some artistic value, in terms of beauty and the disturbing factor, but was the message to criticize or to gloryfy the over-sexualized society we live in? 3 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  realfran:You are from South America, so i consider you American. :-) Chile is one of my favorite Latin American countries. 2 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durrmeh i didnt find them to be offensive.. and certainly not sexualized by being in strange places or whatever the article said.. people need to relax and not look for the bogeyman under every corner..that said, this one made me think of jonbenet ramsey 3 days agoflag  reply+2sarasarasaraWhile I think it's disturbing that parents allowed their children to dress up in ridiculous clothing, be doused in make-up, and basically overcome with greed - I don't think these images are in anyway sexual.My biggest problem with the images is that they read into the fact that most of the world is a society with materialistic tendencies. I think it's sad that most children grow up with images of sex, drugs, greed, murder, etc. in their everyday life and these images prove that. However, I can't see how they're sexual images. The girls are clothed completely, they aren't posing provocatively, and there isn't any hint of sex within the image. 3 days agoflag  reply0jeffreyak  sarasarasara:Very well put. 2 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  sarasarasara:All great points! 2 days agoflag  reply+1XaWhy the need to sexualize children, Vogue?Why not go for a natural look? All I see are alien stares that reek of old women's perfume and smut. Is this really innovative? 3 days agoflag  reply+1smizzle1I have a four-year-old daughter; and I'm sorry, but a few of these are quite sexualized. WTF were their parents thinking? Asides for the paycheck. 3 days agoflag  reply0ImConcernedok... my point is... dont pedophiles like CHILDREN? does it turn them on to dress children up like WOMEN?  if so... why do they like children in the first place? they could just get a woman.... 3 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  ImConcerned:exactly this is just adults freaking out over nothing 3 days agoflag  reply+3Radical_CentristI would not allow my Daughter to wear makeup and pose in couture kids clothing, but the photos were not in my opinion sexualized. I mean if you are a pervert then the kids section of the JC Penny swim suit catalog would get you off. 3 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  Radical_Centrist:C'mon dude this is not like some innocent kids swim suit add with JC Penny's ad, this is way over the top! 3 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  maasanova:Like I said it is not for me or mine, but it is hardly kiddy porn. 3 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  maasanova:not really i didnt find it at all exploitative or sexualized.. different strokes i guessand by strokes i dont mean..oh nvm 3 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  Itsbatman_Durr:lol bad bad batpenguin. 3 days agoflag  reply0maasanovaRead all of the comments at the link...some of them are saying that there are a few pictures of boys dressed as girls.What do you think? 3 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  maasanova:so what? lawd you dont think it will traumatize the tyke do you? 3 days agoflag  reply+1galwaymanThis is sick just sick! Where is the outrage? 3 days agoflag  reply+3Radical_Centrist  galwayman:I see children in FAR more revealing an inappropriate crap at the Mall. 3 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  galwayman:over what? sheesh 3 days agoflag  reply+1jeffreyak  galwayman:Im outraged that you nut jobs are outraged by kids in nice clothes.  WTF?  I mean its stupid but not anything at all sexual. 2 days agoflag  reply-1gepma44THE VATICAN HAS A LIFETIME SUBSCRIPTION WHERE IS THE OUTRAGE. if someone in the picture kicked an animal the s#it would be front page news. also shame on the parents who sold their children.ps. maybe this will help to enrage you act like mike vick took the picture...........Oh there goes the outrage.... 3 days agoflag  reply+3shanklinmike  gepma44:Kicking an animal, and having your child appear in full covered clothing for a photo shoot are two different things.... although I personally see it as tasteless....let me guess....you want government police to "fix" this problem too.... 3 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  gepma44:Did MV kick the Dog before or after he REPEATEDLY slammed it to the ground until he broke it's neck and back? 3 days agoflag  reply0gepma44  shanklinmike:please dont mistake my contempt for pedophiles  as a sign that i am pro police state calm down go back to your little poster of a little girl with lipstick on and have at it...... 3 days agoflag  reply0gepma44  Radical_Centrist:it still pales in comparison to lusting a BABY a HUMAN BEING incapable of defending itself ALSO ......that shit is freaky...  I would rather see a dog kicked than a child molested 3 days agoflag  reply+2Radical_Centrist  gepma44:(1) The sick phuck did more than kick Dogs. (2) These photos have NOTHING to do with child molestation. (3) If pedophiles get off to these Photos it has less to do with these photos and more to do with the fact that they are sick phucks as well. 3 days agoflag  reply0gepma44  Radical_Centrist:MY point exactly 1 day agoflag  reply0gepma44  Radical_Centrist:To a sick pervert those photos are GOLD THE HOLY GRAIL....MASTERPIECES.... 1 day agoflag  reply0Yoni_Rechtmanthe only one i have an issue with is this one. i mean thats pretty explicit 3 days agoflag  reply+4remanns  Yoni_Rechtman:Just bear in mind,....its "explicit" ENTIRELY in your own mind. Just sayin. 3 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  Yoni_Rechtman:p.s. - -dont get me wrong, whether society should be allowed to draft children for business purposes AT ALL,....well,...THAT IS another issue. 3 days agoflag  reply0cantucwearebrothers  Yoni_Rechtman:Wow...I didn't even go there until you pointed it out. 3 days agoflag  reply+4Radical_Centrist  Yoni_Rechtman:A person can find a sexual connotation in almost anything if they look for it. This reminds me of a joke.A pervert goes to a psychiatrist for help. The Dr. decides to preform the Rorschach test. Each time the Dr. shows him a picture the pervert comes up with an even more disturbing answer. Finally the Dr. says you REALLY are a disgusting pervert. To wit the pervert replied dont get in a huff you are the one with the stack full of dirty pictures. :-) 3 days agoflag  reply+2Itsbatman_Durr  Yoni_Rechtman:explicit??????? of what? dental hygiene? ffs get your minds out of the gutter.. its artistically done and not at all provocative sheesh 3 days agoflag  reply0jeffreyak  Yoni_Rechtman:You sir are the pervert.  I didn't see anything till you polluted the photo with your nonsense. 2 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  jeffreyak:I think calling him a pervert is way to harsh. I just think he is reading more into the photo than is intended to be there. 2 days agoflag  reply+3Ricky84Personally I dont think there is much to really be offended by. First off this is Vogue and not a smut magazine like Penthouse and despite what some might argue there is a whole shit ton of people out there that draw a difference between what is aesthetically favorable and what is sexually attractive. Granted I can understand the uproar given the unfamiliar, and somewhat insensitive,  way Vogue addressed the issue but at the same time its still ridiculous. Every parent wants to hear they have a beautiful child, so whats wrong with high art types making it the subject of their work? 3 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  Ricky84:its just kiddie "Glameratzi-Street" fashion fluff- ( The French CAN BE a tad foo foo )reminds me of "Bugsy malone" 3 days agoflag  reply+1ayipis  Ricky84:my reaction to what you just said ........................you need to be investigate..LOL 3 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  Ricky84:Hi ricky84 I'm going to open up a can of worms on a story that somebody posted here last month.Providing images of children was deemed illegal here:http://www.ibtimes.com/articles/93401/20101217/pornography.htmNote that this article doesn't even state that the child models that were featured were even nude, but some of the photos were deemed as child pornography regardless."In some of the photos, the victims, all girls ages 8 to 15, were wearing underwear, lingerie, bathing suits and other revealing outfits, and were posed in positions that constituted child pornography, authorities said."I say it's high time that the mainstrema media and advertising industry undergoes a lengthy investigation on the practices of featuring children in overly-sexual situations and photos. 3 days agoflag  reply+1mitekillem  maasanova:That is a can of worms. They could actually deem this [Vogue] as "child pornography" in the US. 3 days agoflag  reply0gepma44  Ricky84:Do you think pedophiles only look at pedophile books?   Hmmmmm... 3 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  maasanova:i say you are a crackpot sometimes. seriously there is a difference between lewd and artistic ffs if you take a kids picture in their underwear for an underwear ad in a sears catalog, is that appealing to any prurient interest? how about all the sick little pedos fapping away to kids fully clothed? its all in the context and the state of mind 3 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  Itsbatman_Durr:Listen, if you want to have a debate we can debate, but when you start with the name-calling and suggesting things about my character I will have no reservations cutting you down to your appropriate size and then ignoring you. Fair warning... 3 days agoflag  reply0Ricky84  maasanova:I dont think from an objective standpoint that you can really compare the two. In one instance we have a just the charge of pedophilia and the images in question and in the other we have a whole host of supportive evidence to back up that claim. Now if the vogue piece was conducted in the same manner as that website I would agree with you but again without the facts I dont think it is fair to say theyre the same thing based solely on something as subjective as personal taste. 2 days agoflag  reply0Ricky84  gepma44:No but if I had to make an on the spot judgment as to what was more likelyA Vogue used child models for artistic reasonsOr B A pedophile infuriated Vogue magazine and used the company to peddle smut , conscious of the fact that it would be done under the nose of the whole world Id be more likely to side with the former. 2 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  maasanova:yeah the crackpot crack was uncalled for  and i apologize 2 days agoflag  reply+2EtVoilaI don't like this at all, they look like miniature, sexed-up 21 year olds. What kind of parents would allow people to do this to their kids? 3 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  EtVoila:the kind that appreciate artistic interpretations and dont have perverse minds 3 days agoflag  reply+2reactionforceThis is a critique on the use of children, of the teenage variety, by the fashion industry. 3 days agoflag  reply0cantucwearebrothers  reactionforce:Indeed.  He's also done a plastic surgery erotica shoot.It looks like girls playing a Hollywood version of dress up. 3 days agoflag  reply+6eden49...the WHOLE industry needs a good kick up the arse...child exploitation, unrealistic body images...disturbing... 3 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  eden49:that i agree with.. the whole exploitation and unreasonable body image thing is a serious issue that should be confronted.. but kids have been playing dress up like umm forever and this was just benign i think.. all in the mind of the beholder i guess 3 days agoflag  reply+4bailey78Disturbing Very Disturbing. 3 days agoflag  reply+1remannswell,............I'm not saying the French cant be "disturbing",....but these are more,....cutesy-quaint.The Japanese, now,....they ARE disturbing."tentacles, tentacles,.lots o' tentacles, great greasy BIG tentacles . . . " 3 days agoflag  reply+2Ricky84  remanns:Yeah I don't get Japanese culture at all and something tells me I never will. 3 days agoflag  reply0remanns  Ricky84:heh ! 3 days agoflag  reply-4crystalman  Ricky84:The Nips are congenitally dysfunctional and still haven't got over the fact that they didn't manage to enslave the world. 3 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  remanns:lol cultural differences are fun 3 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  crystalman:nice mouth. you blow your meth dealers dog with that mouth? you should be ashamed! 3 days agoflag  reply+2Radical_Centrist  crystalman:Aside from "old" racists who uses the word Nip? 3 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  Ricky84:The Japanese have an unhealthy fetish fascination with sexualizing School Girls. 3 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Too much fluoride in water! see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowDinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  14 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  22 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  30 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 WhiteNoise commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoTHANKS FOR THE FLOWERS, NOW FOR THE POT ;)http://whitenoiserants.webnode.com/news/media-induced-reality-/  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog