The Truth About Demons, Satan, Evil  and Mental IllnessesHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHealthMental HealthStigma of Mental IllnessThe Truth About Demons, Satan, Evil  and Mental IllnessesThe Truth About Demons, Satan, Evil  and Mental Illnesses74rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Lady GuinevereSATAN and all his gloryAmityville II: The PossessionAmazon Price: $1.17List Price: $3.98Demon Possession and the Christian: A New PerspectiveAmazon Price: $15.00List Price: $17.99THE ACCIDENTAL EXORCISTAmazon Price: $0.99Viet-Nam Du Nord: Chant de Possessions (Northern Viet-nam: Posession Songs)Amazon Price: $13.12List Price: $24.99Legend of Hell HouseAmazon Price: $6.99PossessionAmazon Price: $160.76List Price: $9.98Origins of Deamons/DemonsThis article does not discuss those demons that are found by Ghost Hunters and and the Paranormal kind. It discusses the kind that are human possessions. The Bible tells us of Demons and how bad and rotten they are. It tells us to stay away from them because they are evil. Satan is supposed to be the leader of those Angels or Demons and his reign is here on Earth or is the Earth. The Bible also says that Jesus cast out demons and there were many of them. We now know what they are today as will be shown in this article. Jesus said that we would do greater things than he. If you believe in him then you must believe in mental health and that we can through knowledge cast out our own demons. The origin of Deamon / Demon is Greek. The orginal deamons were intelligent, sensible guardian spirits. In the Bible and taught by religions they are now malicious, deviant, horrible creatures here to take your soul. Just Like Someone Without Mental Illness Only More So: A MemoirAmazon Price: $13.98List Price: $24.00What Is Mental Illness?Amazon Price: $16.55List Price: $27.95When Someone You Love Has a Mental IllnessAmazon Price: $7.95List Price: $15.95Shadow Voices: Finding Hope in Mental IllnessAmazon Price: $16.99List Price: $19.99Anatomy of an Epidemic: Magic Bullets, Psychiatric Drugs, and the Astonishing Rise of Mental Illness in AmericaAmazon Price: $15.99List Price: $26.00Dual Disorders : Counseling Clients With Chemical Dependency and Mental IllnessAmazon Price: $15.74List Price: $32.95Characteristics of Deamons/DemonsDeamons are used by the church to inflict fear into others. Some of the things that Demons do are possess weak individuals, They are like leaches and attatch to persons who have gone through a physical trauma. They can be hereditary and can kill an individual by sucking all their energy from them. How they can inflict their presence onto humans include loss of energy, fatigue, paranoia, depression and irritability.  Very different then the original form and description of deamons from the Greek perpective huh?  Mental Illness Medical ImplicationsThere are many mental illnesses that are often mis-understood and feared. Mental Illnesses are a biological malfunction in the brain. Most can be corrected with the right kind of therapy. Mental Illnesses cause a person to do many irrational things and some mental illnessesare hereditary. Of the major Mental Illnesses people will seem fine one moment and be totally different another and some will never know what they did while in the other state of mind.. Mental Illness has no barriers and can affect those of any age, race, religion income or sex. A few movies that come to mind for you to view about these types of illnesses are "The Three Faces Of Eve" and "SYBIL" Both deal with Multiple Personality Disorder and are avallable at Amazon.com and are listed on this site.. Multiple Personality DisorderThe Three Faces of EveAmazon Price: $6.71List Price: $14.98Three Faces of Eve [VHS]Amazon Price: $4.45List Price: $19.98Sybil (Two-Disc Special Edition)Amazon Price: $16.55List Price: $24.98The Three Faces of EveAmazon Price: $30.00Related HubsTWENTY (20) FACTS ABOUT DEMONSWELCOME TO PASTOR DR. CARLOTTA'S COUNSELING CENTER. Here's Twenty (20) Facts About Demons you should know and refer back to this Hub when in need! 1. Demons have names: Luke 8:30; Jesus demanded, "What is...What is Head Trauma and Traumatic Brain InjuryI know of two people who have had head trauma and Closed Head Injury, TBI (Traumatic Brain Injury). My Husband had the closed head injury and TBI and his story is being told later in this article. A...Common Phobias - 20 of The Most Common Phobias ListCommon Phobias - Top 20 List of the Most Common Phobias In the World Today.Walk-Ins, Wanderers and Starseeds Oh MyA walk-in is thought to be a person whose original soul has left their body and been replaced with a new soul. In today's times, "true" or sincere walk-ins might be a rare but possibly real medical or...Involuntary Commitment ProcessCommitting someone against their will into a Mental Health or Addictions Treatment Facility due to danger to themselves, others or addicted to a harmful or illegal substance. The process usually takes up to a...HEALING POWER OF OLIVE TREESFrom the time of my childhood, when I started to read various myths and legends of ancient Mediterranean life, I was mesmerized with power and mystery of olive trees which were for many thousand of years...Major Mental Illness SymptomsFor correct descriptions I will be quoting text from :National Alliance On Mental Illnesses   Bi-Polar:  Mania is the word that describes the activated phase of bipolar disorder. The symptoms of mania may include: either an elated, happy mood or an irritable, angry, unpleasant mood  increased physical and mental activity and energy  racing thoughts and flight of ideas  increased talking, more rapid speech than normal  ambitious, often grandiose plans  risk taking  impulsive activity such as spending sprees, sexual indiscretion, and alcohol abuse  decreased sleep without experiencing fatigue  Manic Depression:  The onset of the first episode of major depression may not be obvious if it is gradual or mild. The symptoms of major depression characteristically represent a significant change from how a person functioned before the illness. The symptoms of depression include: persistently sad or irritable mood  pronounced changes in sleep, appetite, and energy  difficulty thinking, concentrating, and remembering  physical slowing or agitation  lack of interest in or pleasure from activities that were once enjoyed  feelings of guilt, worthlessness, hopelessness, and emptiness  recurrent thoughts of death or suicide  persistent physical symptoms that do not respond to treatment, such as headaches, digestive disorders, and chronic pain  When several of these symptoms of depressive illness occur at the same time, last longer than two weeks, and interfere with ordinary functioning, professional treatment is needed. Schizophrenia:   The symptoms of schizophrenia are generally divided into three categories -- Positive, Negative, and Cognitive: Positive Symptoms, or "psychotic" symptoms, include delusions and hallucinations because the patient has lost touch with reality in certain important ways. "Positive" refers to having overt symptoms that should not be there. Delusions cause individuals to believe that people are reading their thoughts or plotting against them, that others are secretly monitoring and threatening them, or that they can control other people's minds. Hallucinations cause people to hear or see things that are not present.  Negative Symptomsinclude emotional flatness or lack of expression, an inability to start and follow through with activities, speech that is brief and devoid of content, and a lack of pleasure or interest in life. "Negative" does not refer to a person's attitude but to a lack of certain characteristics that should be there.  Cognitive Symptoms pertain to thinking processes. For example, people may have difficulty with prioritizing tasks, certain kinds of memory functions, and organizing their thoughts. A common problem associated with schizophrenia is the lack of insight into the condition itself. This is not a willful denial but rather a part of the mental illness itself. Such a lack of understanding, of course, poses many challenges for loved ones seeking better care for the person with schizophrenia.  Schizophrenia also affects mood.While many individuals affected with schizophrenia become depressed, some also have apparent mood swings and even bipolar-like states.  When mood instability is a major feature of the illness, it is called schizoaffective disorder, meaning that elements of schizophrenia and mood disorders are prominently displayed by the same individual.  It is not clear whether schizoaffective disorder is a distinct condition or simply a subtype of schizophrenia.  Borderline Personality Disorder:  A pervasive pattern of instability of interpersonal relationships, self-image, and affects, and marked impulsivity beginning by early adulthood ** and present in a variety of contexts, as indicated by five (or more) of the following: 1) Frantic efforts to avoid real or imagined abandonment.  Note: Do not include suicidal or self-mutilating behavior*** covered in Criterion 5. 2) A pattern of unstable and intense interpersonal relationships characterized by alternating between extremes of idealization and devaluation. 3) Identity disturbance: markedly and persistently unstable self-image or sense of self. 4) Impulsivity in at least two areas that are potentially self-damaging (e.g., spending, sex, substance abuse, reckless driving, binge eating). Note: Do not include suicidal or self-mutilating behavior*** covered in Criterion 5. 5) Recurrent suicidal behavior, gestures, or threats, or self-mutilating behavior***. 6) Affective instability due to a marked reactivity of mood (e.g., intense episodic dysphoria, irritability, or anxiety usually lasting a few hours and only rarely more than a few days). 7) Chronic feelings of emptiness. 8) Inappropriate, intense anger or difficulty controlling anger (e.g., frequent displays of temper, constant anger, recurrent physical fights). 9) Transient, stress-related paranoid ideation or severe dissociative symptoms. *Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, published by the American Psychiatric Association ** Data collected informally from many families indicate this pattern of symptoms may appear as early as the pre-teens ***The preferred term is self-harm or self-injury Important Considerations about Borderline Personality Disorder 1. The five of nine criteria needed to diagnose the disorder may be present in a large number of different combinations. This results in the fact that the disorder often presents quite differently from one person to another, thus making accurate diagnosis somewhat confusing to a clinician not skilled in the area. 2. BPD rarely stands alone. There is high co-occurrence with other disorders. 3. BPD affects between .07 to 2% of the population. The highest estimation, 2%, approximates the number of persons diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. 4. Estimates are 10% of outpatients and 20% of inpatients who present for treatment have BPD 5. 75% are women. This number may, in part, reflect that women more often seek treatment, that anger is seen as more acceptable in men, and that men with similar symptoms often enter the penal system receiving a diagnosis of antisocial personality disorder. 6. 75% of patients self-injure. 7. Approximately 10% of individuals with BPD complete suicide attempts. 8. A chronic disorder that is resistant to change, we now know that BPD has a good prognosis when treated properly. Such treatment usually consists of medications, psychotherapy and educational and support groups. 9. In many patients with BPD, medications have been shown to be very helpful in reducing the severity of symptoms and enabling effective psychotherapy to occur. Medications are also often essential in the proper treatment of disorders that commonly co-occur with BPD. 10. There are a growing number of psychotherapeutic approaches specifically developed for people with BPD. Some of these have been in use, tested in research trials, and appear to be very effective; the newer ones are very promising. 11. These and other treatments have been shown to be effective in the treatment of BPD, and MANY PATIENTS DO GET BETTER! Theories of Origins and Pathology of Borderline Personality Disorder At this point in time, clinical theorists believe that biogenetic and environmental components are both necessary for the disorder to develop. These factors are varied and complex. Many different environments may further contribute to the development of the disorder. Families providing reasonably nurturing and caring environments may nevertheless see their relative develop the illness. In other situations, childhood abuse has exacerbated the condition. The best explanation appears to be that there is a confluence of environmental factors and a neurobiological propensity that leads to a sensitive, emotionally labile child.  There are many more Mental Illnesses. Some of those are alcoholism and some symptoms such as those above will show up in adverse reactions to some prescription and OTC drugs.  Multiple Personality Disorder - SybilSybil (Two-Disc Special Edition)Amazon Price: $16.55List Price: $24.98SybilAmazon Price: $5.66List Price: $9.99The Three Faces of EveAmazon Price: $6.71List Price: $14.98Sybil, or the Two NationsAmazon Price: $2.99In ConclusionMedical and scientific knowledge was not known to those who wrote the books and letters of the Bible. They had no idea what a Mental illness was. Knowledge is power and wisdom to know and accept the truth is even better. We all fear the unknown/ Those who act different orirradict are not possessed by demons..Religions try to keep the knowledge from the people and they insitll fear of the unknown. Everything that they don't understand is evil or a demon or of the Devil or Satan. This simply is not the case. Most times the unknown is not scary at all but is a good thing. So before you think someone is possessed think again. They may need medical/mental help or they may be having an adverse reaction to a drug they have taken. vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny (1)Awesome Beautiful (1)Health: Involuntary Mental Health Commitment ProcessHealth: In that Pill You Took TodayCommentsmistyhorizon20032 years ago Fascinating stuff and very well written Lady Guinevere. I thoroughly enjoyed this hub :)Lady Guinevere2 years ago Thank you Misty.Lady Guinevere2 years ago After re-reading this it seems the my copy and past function on my computer didn't copy the correct descriptions only the first set of them.  I will correct this now.Lady Guinevere2 years ago There much better!!mistyhorizon20032 years ago Just read it again, still great :)Lady Guinevere2 years ago Thanks!!KT pdx2 years ago Interesting hub.  Hopefully people will understand a bit more about mental illness after reading it.  Mental illness is so often misunderstood; and, having friends and family members with it (schizophrenia, bipolar, and depression), is tough to explain to others.sandra rinck2 years ago Yip, excellent hub.  I think a lot of people should understand these things.  Lady Guinevere2 years ago KT and Sandra,Yes and the church teaches everyone that these ae demons and to stay away from then and they even try to exhorsize them out of the human.  They are ignorant of any medical facts in the real world.Thinking aobut this --it's not unlike the Witch Trials and calling people witches-and they say they don't do that anymore!  Yes they do and they instill fear into the ones who want to learn more by telling anything that isn't to their knowledge (which is sometimes very little) is heresey and the work of Satan!  Go figure!!The irnoic thing is--I knew a Psyschologist that is Catholic.--although he is a Marriage Counselor.sandra rinck2 years ago Ah, I posted somewhere on a thread something similar.  That in the old days of the bible, people that practiced healing and stuff were called witches and sourcerers and they were burned or whatever,what were they really? Doctors and today doctors are accepted yet they do the same things they did thousands of years ago, alchemy really, psychologist etc.., made things out of real things that could heal real illnesses by knowledge, understanding, learning, studying the human anatomy as well as the healing properties of natural things.Go figure,  the irony is so sickly sweet I cannot help but laugh.  I must say for myself however that considering I am diagnosed with bp as well a personality disorder, my healing came from acceptance of myself for who I am and what I feel.So I really loved that part in the bpd section part 1 #3.  Bingo!!!  Lady Guinevere2 years ago Thanks Sandra. Now if we can get those religious zealots to understand and not point fingers and tell us that we ar srguementive then we may be getting somewhere.  Religion has not come out of the dark ages yet!sandra rinck2 years ago Oh believe me I try!  Well, like they say,  Jesus is thier light in the darkness...lol.  Maybe they will never come out of the dark.  Sunlight is not an option.  lol.  Lady Guinevere2 years ago Sandra,They are so led to beleive that everything that is not in that Bible and taught to them from very early age is evil, they wouldn't know truth and the true light if it was right in their face.Read my other hubs and you will understand more about me.  I am a minister, but they shun me because I seek truth and I do as Jesus says, not their church or the Bible.  They seem to forget that it says that many things are not in that Bible---so what they just ignore that verse?!Lady Guinevere2 years ago Oh and all my experiences are of Satan!  Get real!!allshookup2 years ago Lady, you said that the church teaches that they are demons. That's not true. My church has never taught that. And I have visited many churches, and I have never heard any say what you said they do. I worked on a phych unit. All of my patients had mental problems. My mother in law is bi-polar. I understand the mental side of it. It's what my study was in. Mental problems happen for many reasons. But, something else I have studied is the Bible. And demons are evil and they can possess people. I had hundreds of patients while I worked there, none of whom were possessed, they were just sick. But, demon possession is real and there is nothing protective about them. They are there to destroy the soul of the person. And you are very correct about dealing with people with mental illnesses. I worked in and I live with dealing with my mother in law. She makes the family miserable because she wont take her meds properly. Do I think she's possessed? No. She's just very selfish in not trying to help herself, so she makes life hard on the rest of us, expecting us to fix what she messes up. But, there are people who are possessed. It's very real and very evil. As a Christian, I do not fear satan or his band of demons, they have no power over me because I'm washed in Jesus' blood. But, I know there are possessed people out there. I had a preacher who told of a woman who was possessed and how she came to be saved. It's very chilling. She goes to other churches now as a witness about what dabbling in satantic worship can do to you. So, please don't take demons lightly. If you do, you are on a dangerous road. It seems as if you think that anyone who is saved is a zealot. And from how you write it, you seem to think negative of people who are saved and share that. I don't understand why. Being saved is the most important decision a person can make. It determines where they spend eternity.Lady Guinevere2 years ago Allshookup,Did I say that I wasn't saved?  Nope I did not.  Did I say that their are absolutely no demons?  Nope I did not.  You missed my first entence to the hub.There are some other hubs here that portray that there are demons period.  That isn't true.I may be on what you call shaky ground or on a bad road, but I don't see any bad road.  Just what you are taught out of the Bible by men's interpretation isn't always what Jesus meant.You, too, have mis-judged and read me.  I am who I am by Jesus's blessings.  As I tried to say in another hub all of Jesus teachings are not in the Bible--it says so right in that bible.  Also the word Satan was not included in earlier translations, only the King James version.  That Bible has been translated so much there is little in there that may be truth and not political games from those who put it together.There are other facts around about some of the things that are in history that tell the story in a differnt way.My husband is a mental health counselor and he knows all about many mental illnesses and not one of them are demon related.Tell me who has demons?  Give examples?  Did Sybil have demons or Eve in the Three faces of Eve?  Who has demons?  What kind of things do they exhibit? allshookup2 years ago You seem so very angry about anything said that does not completely agree with you.I trust the Bible since it is God's Word. It was written by His inspiration and if profitable for reproof, for correction........ I take it you have read this?If you read my entire post, you saw that I said that I never had a patient that I felt was possessed. They were just all sick.Demon possesson is from Lucifer. You do know him, right? They are the ones who followed him from Heaven when he fell. These are the ones who will never enter Heaven again. It was their free will and they will spend eternity in Hell with Lucifer who they follow/ed.The woman my pastor spoke of was possessed with demons. They spoke through her voice. She was very evil, very destructive, very anti-God. It's a long story that I wont take the time to type because I feel  you wont believe me.From the people I know of that have been possessed, they were dabbling in wicca, worshipping Lucifer, or in witchcraft, which invites Lucifer to have influence over you. The Bible says 'What fellowship has ligh with darkness.' Lucifer and his followers are all dark.I have never heard of a minister before saying such negative thing about God's Holy Word. Hmmm.......Lady Guinevere2 years ago You know that is what al those who are Christian's say when someone points out things and asks questions--is they are angry.  Since when does asking questions and pointing out flaws mean that someone is angry.  I am not angry or mad and I am not possessed either.Did not Jesus say to ask and seek of everything even scriptures?  Do you think that Jesus wuld be angry for the way the church portrays him and and his God and Father?  How about the way they put people on guilt trips and such as that?  Do you think he would be happy.No, I am not angry and you can take that whatever way that you want it.  I said that I didn't agree with you--so what.....................what does that mean to you--that I am angry............................??????????????????allshookup2 years ago You use the words 'the church' that seems to apply to every chruch in the world. That's not true. You have no idea what my church teaches. Maybe you should say something like: 'some churches', in order to be totally truthful. And I have had many discussions about the Bible and God and lots of other things. But people can tell with others are angry. It's the way you talk to me vs the way you talk to Sandra on here, for example.  Maybe you don't realize what you are projecting.sandra rinck2 years ago i am totally understand you Lady Guenivere.  I read the same things and do as Jesus said and rely on other things that aren't in the bible but also the bible as well.  Go figure, I must be a hypocrite of sorts.  But at least I know we understand, so...and it is always good to have someone like you around so people like me don't feel alone.  I know there are many people like you around that understand, so I will read some of your other hubs, I am sure I will love them.  Lady Guinevere2 years ago Snadra,I was thinking the same as you.  Now I don't feel alone and yes I might be considered a hypocrite too.  I don't know about you, but I can't set foot ion a Catholic Church.Allshookup,Again, I am not mad.  I don't beleive in demons and so be it if I don't.  Life is what you beleive.  I have never seen a person possessed--well maybe in the movies.  Jesus did not say to spread fear and emons is a form of fear--if you don't believe like I beleive they are comming to get you and possess you and take yur very soul--hogwash.  When did you learn that and where--in church???For everyone else:Jesus is total and all consuming love and kidness and total understanding.  Now I had an experience of that and now the very same people who told me that Jesus is just like that--tell me that it was Satan.  Well if ya want someone to blame for all your problems then Satan would be the one--I guess--becasue it can't be you who did it now can it???Dablingin Wicca?? Wicca is bad--since when--since the political powers took over the Bible and the People and the Clergy -you really need to read church background and some history.For everyone's information--the pentagram is NOT evil.  Let me say it again--The Pentagram is NOT evil.  The early church used it.All this came about when I aksed allshookup to give me some proof of who she knew was possessed and she came up with the angry bit.allshookup2 years ago Wow, and your a minister?? OookkkkkLord have mercy!Lady Guinevere2 years ago I am aq minister to the word of Christ, not to the Church or Religion.  Religion and Jesus are not the same.I won't tell you that you are a sinner and I won't tell you tht you will burn in hell--I will tell you that Jesus loves you unconditionally and that is not what the religions of today preach.allshookup2 years ago Actually my church does teach that Jesus loves every single person on earth unconditionally whether they love Him back or not. He loved each person enough He died for them so they would not go to Hell. It's each person's choice as to where they want to spend eternity. He will not drag them kicking and screaming into Heaven. They must choose to accept Him as Savior or go to Hell. That is not my opinion or my church's opinion, that's God's Word.Lady Guinevere2 years ago Not rue at all.  Where are those who are in the deep jungles going to go--hell!  I think not and that is why Jesus said that he put the laws and his own being in the hearts and minds of men and he didn't say only certain people or tribes or religions or races or colors or even where they live---he said everyone.  He came to take away all our sins---period.  He also came to show us the we can do anythng we want with our minds---he didn't put limits on them either.  God as told in the Bible are two completley differnt persona's.  Yu figure out which one you want to go with---as for myself I want to go with the loving, merciful and fogiving God because that is who the real God is.  Men wrote the words down and that is a fact.  God inspired them just as he inspires everyone today--it is only religion that tells you who he talks to and who can see and talk to him.  God didn't put that stipulation on any of his children.  We are all part of God and he created everything equal and good.  It was man who decided that one thing becasue it did not work in their favor (really it did though, it made them learn) it was evil and God must be bad then.I posted this in another hub and it got dleted when the author said that God will punish his children and that children and the Adam and Eve were only trying to get God's attnetion when they were disobedient and she said that children are disobedient all the time and so are we to God.  That theory does not hold water.Do you know, really know, what caused the plagues?  There are lots of thing that the Bible people of that day, teaches that we know differently today.  Medical things is one and so is weather and how we treat the earth as to how it is going to be say 50 years down the road.Now there were very intelligent people in those days too.  Ever watch Building An Empire on the Discovery Channel--great events to watch.  Have you read anything of the chronolgical order of things as they happened prior to the times the books of the Bible were written?  How about this--do you know that everything is not contain in that Bible of Jesus's life and miracles?  It says so right in John 20.Now don't take this as being mad becasue I am giving facts and asking you to do research--that is not being mad.Oh and one other thing--God's word in in everything and in everyone.allshookup2 years ago What are you saying that I said is not true?Lady Guinevere2 years ago  They must choose to accept Him as Savior or go to Hell. That is not my opinion or my church's opinion, that's God's Word.I thought that was clear when I asked the question if those in the deep jungles were goign to hell too....., sorry.  There are others who can hear and see the word, are they going to hell too?  How about those children with autism and the adults they grow up into--becasue they can't hear or sometimes see the word of God--according to the Bible either--are they too going to hell?No Jesus fixed that when he put the law in the minds and hearts of human beings.  He fixed it so that they already know it prior to being born.  We are part of God before we are born--so when is it that we separate from him totaly? Is it the moment of birth?  Is it while we are a single cel in the womb or when we are just a egg and sperm?I guees Life Contracts don't appeal to you either--even though it says so in the Bible--not said plain right out there--the church in the early days wanted all the power--they still do in my opinion, and therefore dictated what went in that Bible and what did not for the purpose of the church giving alms and everything they had to the Kings.  So ther are things that are missing and there are things that have been changed accordingly.  If you don't beleive me that is fine but Jesus came for everyone and everything, not just to a specific people.  Salvation is already done by him for everyone andto everyone....period.When Jesus said to tell everyone about him, he did not say to convert others to the way that the church in those days and more importantly in these days do.  Jesus was the one who also told us to not listen the the clergy.  That says so in the book of Mark, Chapter 12.allshookup2 years ago Well, I came on here thinking it would be a rational conversation. Especially since you claimed to be a minister. But now, since I see you don't go by the Bible, and don't seem to believe in hell, I now see I was wrong in thinking this would be a Christian-based conversation. So, I'm through with this hub. 'What fellowship hath light with darkness?'sandra rinck2 years ago "what fellowship hath light with darkness?"  One that need only love to see that light is nothing without the dark and dark is nothing without the light.  One that has no fear of the darkness because in the darkness the light is truly beautiful.Light upon light only cast forth a shadow of dark.If you know love then you know God.  The "one" who does not know love does not know God.  Lady Guinevere2 years ago What wasn't rational.  It was more like you not understanding what I was saying and I did use the Bible verses right from the Bible--so how can I not go by the Bible?Sandra you are right.I cannot help if they don't want to hear what Jesus has to say.--hmmm does that mean she is going to hell too--because she can't hear what he has to say?  Oh there is more and Jesus said that he did not come to make everything peachy keen...sandra rinck2 years ago well, you can only try so hard to tell them the parts that they are missing, but like the aposltes kicked thier heels when they were done...so too do we kick our heals at the appointed time...that time, is when you start to become like them to make the point come across.   *wink, wink, nudge, dudge*.Your a beautiful person, be in good spirits to know that there are more people who see the beauty in you as opposed to those who don't.  :)Lady Guinevere2 years ago Snadra,I do understand.  You can take a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.They aren't ready to hear the truth--not yet anyway.mistyhorizon20032 years ago Well spoken and defended all the way through Lady Guinevere. I just wish I had got here in time to persuade allshookup to read my hub on Paganism,  http://hubpages.com/hub/What-is-Paganism   and realise that most of what he/she believes with regards to the Bible, was already a part of ancient Paganism, and was incorporated into the Christian faith much later, including the resurrection, the cross, the church locations etc.What also bugs me is the lack of knowledge about the pentagram/pentacle and what it means, not to mention the image of Satan, (so wrong as it was a horned Pagan God before the church hijacked it and declared it as evil to help 'convert' Pagans to Christianity),The fact this person has been brainwashed into thinking Wiccan's are evil, with obviously little or no knowledge on the subject is scary. The quote often used from the Bible, "Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live", was drastically mistranslated, and should have read, "Thous shalt not suffer a poisoner to live".Likewise, the quote, "Thou shalt not consort with evil Spirits", was changed by King James to read, "Thou shalt not consort with Spirits", so ruling out psychic mediums as acceptable.This whole subject drives me mad, as so many Christians are unaware of the history of their own religion, and if they researched it  thoroughly I am guessing they would be shocked to learn just how much of their own religion was stolen from the Pagan faiths, and how the story of Christ, (who I don't doubt existed), was actually the same story as many other religious icons, including within Paganism!!best of the web2 years ago :) Thank you for the add :)Lady Guinevere2 years ago Misty, I was thinking about that pentagram all last night and you know what---The star of David is a Pentagram!When they stop lying and doing false wtnessing about where their roots began in the religions then I beleive they wil stop being persecuted and coming under fire.  Those two things that I just mentioned are two of the commandments tey proslytize.  She got mad because I asked her for proof--then I was the one that was angy and then I was not rational.....then she accused me of things that I didn't not say or do---they learn that by the way.  She also got upset when I asked her where she learned about evil and demons--church--and I already knew that, I was trying to get her to clarify herself.They do not like to be questioned and will always turn it around to say that the one who questions is the one who is angy and defensive.  Like I said that must be a learned response they learn from a very early age as to know know where it comes from and it is like second nature.There is another hub that I was pointing those things out too the author but she kept deleting my messages.  She said that Satan was used int he Bible so many times.  I brought it up to her that she was using a Bible that had been translated many, many times before that one was put out and that lots of things were mis-translated by the plitical parties at the time they put those books together.  She kept deleting my messages.  They don't care about Jesu and they don't care about truth becasue they are brainwashed to see only whta the clergy wants them to see.  That is a Pity and that is why Jesus is so upset with them.Stealing is Stealing and Lying is Lying--not matter whose definition you use or what Bible you chose to prove your points.The Kingdom of God is Within you--not in a church and not through anyone!Lady Guinevere2 years ago I forgot to ention something else.  They aren't going to read about anything else but what they are told they are allowed to read--EVERYTHING else is heresy.johnroberts623 months ago Freedom and the answers to the universe, will cure all the sickness!JonTutor18 months ago I believe in reincarnation.. I have some past life memories... I had my share of this demon possessed crap.. for fundamentalists anything unknown is evil/demon.... nice article.Lady Guinevere18 months ago Thank you JonTutor.  Yes and fundamentalist have built a whole "cult"ure around that fear and control.JonTutor18 months ago You're welcome Lady....I read somewhere...early Christianity had passages about reincarnation... but later taken out.. do you have any information?Lady Guinevere18 months ago JonTutor, I don't think that I do.  I do have a hub about reincarnation though.  http://hubpages.com/hub/Re-Incarnation--What-It-isLady Guinevere18 months ago Be careful who and what you teach about demons and how to rid of them. There is a woman that was charged with the murder of her 4 daughters in 15 days time. Her excuse for killing them was that they were possessed by demons. Here is the story: http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2008/01/11/nationaljesusmyjoy17 months ago no one is reincarnated..no no..but good hubLady Guinevere17 months ago Jesusmyjoy,  You believe what you are told to believe.  I differ from your opinion and that of others opinions that there is no re-birth or re-incarnation.Thanks for the comments though and stopping by.HOOWANTSTONO17 months ago Its strange that people that know nothing about the bible, want to teach about Demons, I have personally dealt with them during a possession of a person, and for sure they are there, they mainly want to Possess, Oppress, Depress. This is what gives people mental problems, especially if the person has no deformities in their body. Their negative presence causes people mental struggles and eventualy chemical imbalances, and this is where the doctors diagnose the imbalances.Go wellLady Guinevere17 months ago Hoownatstono, Now who is it that you are accusing of knowing nothing of the Bible?  Do you anything about the medical profession as much as you do about the Bible?  These things that I have writtenabout are just a drop in the bucket.  If I were to bring everything here it would be so big, that it simple would not fit here on Hubpages.  Sort of like what was said in that Bible of all of Jesus's miracles and teachings could not fit in that book called The Bible.hypnodude12 months ago My usual point of view is that there is no supernatural as everything that we can experience is natural, otherwise we couldn't experience it. The reality is that we don't know what we can do, our undiscovered abilities and powers. A lot of what was called possessions has been discovered as belonging to forgotten or misused abilities. Even talking in unknown language can be due to the fact that when the subject was a baby his mother took him to the grocery and he absorbed a foreign language talk and repeat it while "possessed". Extraordinary strength belongs to the physical realm, a lot of people with mental illnesses have it. When I first saw the movie "The exorcism of Emily Rose" the only thing I felt was an enormous sadness, as she was just having some mental illnesses. Now, it's perfectly normal that if someone believes in the existence of spirits or the eternity of the soul then they will probably be either good, bad or neutral. But I think in this case that our worlds are separate. Or we vibrate at different frequencies. Whatever it is there must be proofs, and I mean real proofs. The problem with these proofs though is that we can't know what can come out of our subconscious in the right conditions.I've been a little loquacious but what I was trying to say is that I agree with you and you've written a great hub.Lady Guinevere12 months ago hypnodude,  Thanks for the comments. The thing is everybody has these abilities in one form or another.  Those that are afraid of them and call them evil names have them too but they are not sure what they are and obviously call them evil or demonic.  Though some have claimed that there are demons among us there may or may not be.  Take for instance, and I don't know if I have it here in this hub or not, the craziness that those people shown after eating that wheat that had that fungus in it.  It was biological that those people were thought to have demonic possessions, not spiritual or religious.  Thnaks for stopping by and do continue to read my other hubs.hypnodude12 months ago Surely I'll do. :)There's also another reason, if someone likes to be somehow conspiratorial: it's related to the use of fear to gain power. Which is something very well known around the world. Stuff like there are demons but I'll protect you from them, or there are enemies but I'll protect you from them. If we believe in good spirits then we must believe in evil ones. But the amount of influence between two separate worlds probably is very little. Something like whispers. But it has always been a good excuse to say that someone has done something because a spirit told it so, even for oneself.I'm becoming loquacious again, sorry.Merry Christmas.Lady Guinevere12 months ago hypnodude, No you are not being loquacious.  I wrote another hub on "What Are Cults" that brings up some of the points that you just mentioned.motricio12 months ago If I would believe in personalities disorders,I'll need to admit that Einstein was really IllAnd so am I.=)Lady Guinevere12 months ago motricio, Thanks for commenting.sandra rinck12 months ago I think there are demons, so to speak.  Not people with mental disabilities but people that like to chop of head and eat the eyeballs and stuff like that, I think qualifies as a demon. *ew*I was just coming from your forum post.  I had several friends in college that had to either major or minor in psychology, as well as taking psych. in college as well; the one thing that always, always, always came up was, most if not all people who become psychologist have or do suffer from some disorder themselves.Not really sure what you were getting at on the thread but, I think it would be creepy if you went to a psychologist and they asked if you were saved.  However, to blow off religion because what could a psychiatrist or psychologist really understand about people if they ignored religion altogether.Anyways, like I said.  I am not really sure what the question was.Lady Guinevere12 months ago Sandra, I don't think you read the hub.  There are many mental illnesses that are the cause of what we see as demons to those of us who don't know what the causes are.I was told that becaseu I did not believe in demons that I needed to take the steps to be saved.  So I posited the questions in my forum post.  It was the other way around -- not the Phychologist asking if one was saved or not, but the criteria for the possible patient asking the Phych if they were saved and if they believed in demons.  This should be on the forum post.Lady Enchantee8 months ago Thank you for stating this all so clearly & kindly, with plenty of clear criteria & concise definitions of each challenge that may make one near & dear behave oddly.You are dispelling the taboos of brain disorder & brain illness, paving the way for a new day when these things will be treated quickly, correctly, & compassionately, without the silly "blame & shame game" so often played around our great country.Warm regards...Lady EnchanteeLady Guinevere8 months ago Lady Enchantee.  I do thank you for vsiting my hub.  To manny religious types want to blame everything on some imaginary being as if it has all the powers, when they themselves bring it on and some do exhibit these many illnesses.  Education is the best policy.brotheryochanan7 months ago upon studying the casting out of demons in the bible i see jesus used no set pattern to remove them, no binding or loseing, no "go no more back into him" except in one instance where he was 'increasing the fathers belief'. Jesus himself did not take demon removal seriously. In some instances he just ignored the demon and healed the person. The catholic church used fear to keep people in line, demons are of false babylonian and persian belief systems. Zorastrianism lent a big hand to the formation of a god of evil. I'm glad to have found someone who has re-examined an old doctrine, cemented and perpetuated by catholicism and blind obedience.Lady Guinevere7 months ago The way Jesus did it way back when was way back when we did not know these things even existed.  People need to get their heads of of the dirt and into the real world.  Thanks for commenting. Oh and it's not only the Catholic Church that does this.  Look again.me7 months ago i have not been diagnosed with a mental health problem at the moment i am even scared of the reaction from my doctor but as i have researched and tryed 2 self diagnose myself i found that many of my symptoms relate 2 BPD and anxiety but also have feelings of being possessed or being cursed i dnt kno why the feeling of this occoured but its always played in my mind maybe its the feeling of bein so drained like my energy is bein sucked out of me sometimes and jis thoughts that things never go right for me i am cursed but i try and beleive that its some sort of gift even though i feel like something is takeing over me or that i feel i have evilsness inside me i beleive i am a gd person and can tune in to things and have good intuition on things am i makeing eny sense 2 eny1?:(Lady Guinevere7 months ago me, It sounds more like you have depression.  I am NOT a doctor but that is what is sounds like to me. The power is in the thinking--think positive--and yes that is very difficult to do when you mind wants to think negative all the time.  You bring to you what you think and feel  so make yourself feel good when you don't want to.  Be grateful for what you have already and be sincere in it else it will backfire like you say.Lady Guinevere7 months ago Edited some text here.  Someone has a hub about 20 facts of Demons.  I may link to that hub here.Rod Marsden7 months ago Interesting. Exorcism has been a tool of the church much discredited over the last two hundred years but there might be something in its origins. Jesus once coaxed the demons plaguing a young man out of him. He was charismatic and what is described could just as well be a psychologist using hypnoses techniques to relieve the suffering of a mental patient. The trick, if there is one, is in the personality of the charismatic person or psychologist. The demons are real enough to the sufferer as is the relief from them.Jesus could perform no miracles where he was brought up. This makes sense. The people there knew him too well. Charisma works best where there is mystery.Your Satan in all his glory looks a lot like Lucifer to me. In the end Christians made it so that, according to them, one was just another name for the other. This of course was not always so.Good hub. Thoughtfully put together. Thanks for directing me to it.Lady Guinevere7 months ago Rod, Thank you and I did do a lot of work on this.  There were many, many more mental diseases but I had to narrow them down to this one subject which was hard in itself.You are very welcome.  Check out my other hubs in the article.  One of them isn't mine and it is the 20 truths about demons or something like that.Baileybear6 months ago I used to go to church.  When I suffered from depression, I got told I was possessed by the devil.  I wrote about my experience with depressionLady Guinevere6 months ago Bailybear, Thanks for visiting and I will look your hub up.lust maker5 months ago hey lady guinevere i also studyed how demons effect people and i forgot to put it in but mine said that they don't have to posses people they you know demonic powers i really enjoyed your page good jobLady Guinevere5 months ago The demons are in your mind and no where else.  Everything is WITHIN you--not on the outside.  Demons don't affect people...people affect people.lust maker5 months ago oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh nice now i understand your point of view im sorry i misundertoodlust maker5 months ago your a wise oneJhnWht4 months ago Loved your hub. Anyone who knows about Daemons understands that they aren't bad or good; they are a lot like humans in that respect. The only thing you can be sure of is to never offend one or you will be in serious CENSORED. Lol. :)Lady Guinevere4 months ago jhnwht, Thanks for coming and visiting and leaving a commet.  I like the  lol.Freya Cesare3 months ago In some point I am agree with you. But Lady G, please don't take demon lightly.Lady Guinevere3 months ago Freya, Thanks for the comment.  I thought that I had sen a real demon once when I was in a hosptial and in so much pain that I cried for 2 hours before the Doctor came in to check on me.  He didn't think it was that serious enogh to come in and really check on me.  I prayed out load and all kinds of things like that.  I really, truly thought that Satan had a grip on my legs.Then the Doctor changed the meds he had me on and I was fine after that.  So you see --they had me on the wrong drugs and it was the drugs that were causing me the pain and halucinations.Freya Cesare3 months ago You make me smile with your comment above. Lady G, some just halucinations, but some is not. As long as we keep aware and careful in every step we make, I am sure everything will be fine.Lady Guinevere3 months ago Freya,  I don't take Demons lightly, I just don't take demons at all.  Everything is WITHIN you, therefore demons can only exist in your mind.  You must have missed the part where it states the originality of demons and what they were............that meaning has been twisted by MAN so that MAN could control others with FEAR.DBSandman3 months ago I'll be back, great readingLady Guinevere3 months ago DBSandman, OK will see you when you get back.Disappearinghead2 months ago Excellent hub and excellent response to those who see demons everywhere.For years I've been around churches that blame demons and satan for everything, but I've always felt uncomfortable with the idea. However to challenge the dogma is to label yourself a heritic that sucks satan's toes.After reading some inspiring hubs by brotherychannen I decided to do some digging myself. The immediate thing I noticed is that while the NT has demons and satan everywhere, demons and satan are totally absent from the OT. Why doesn't the church find this rather odd? Satan is just the Hebrew for adversary and is used of the angel of the Lord and men. In Job the church capitalised the 'S' and in so doing invented a character who was never there.As for the talking snake I discovered that jews call this the yetzer hara or man's natural propensity to sin. They simply have no concept of a personnification of evil in the form of some spirit being. So as to all those testimonies of demons and satan I must conclude that like those of eternal torment in hell that they are vain immaginations.Where am I today? 75% confident that demons and the devil do not exist but proving that from the NT might be a bit of a challenge and will certainly reap a whirlwind of hate mail.Lady Guinevere2 months ago Disappearinghead,  Thank you for visiting and leaving such an informative comment.victor23222 months ago What's up Lady G? Again, you get my head spinning and I have a question. This is not to attack you at all, so please don't take it that way. I have been a Christian now for about 10 years but I have met several people that had a different idea of "God" other than what is portayed in the Bible but I have never met anyone who had different ideas of "Jesus" other than what is in the Bible. From reading your hubs (which I am addicted to by the way) it seems that you know Jesus, love Jesus, and even live by His teachings, but I think you disagree with the Bible on a lot of things.If I am correct, where do you get your belief about Jesus? Again, I am not attacking you at all, I am really curious because I have never known someone to believe in Jesus "outside" of the Bible? Does that make sense or am I talking in circles?And for the record, if you think I am wierd that is ok. I think "normal" is boring.Lady Guinevere2 months ago Hi Victor and welcome to pieces of my world.  I have a few hubs that explain where I get my information.  One of them is: http://hubpages.com/hub/What-I-learned-When-I-WentI didn't take you questions as attacks.  There is a different feel to yours then with others.  *I* am the one who is treated at Weird and also been called Satan or Satan's follower--which I am neighter because I don't believe in them.drbillfannin2 months ago I totally disagree with one of your statements, and I have a problem with the accuracy of this hub. It is well written, so in that respect, you did a good job. However, I cannot accept: "Deamons are used by the church to inflict fear into others." This may be true of some churches, but it is inaccurate to accuse all churches of using deamons to scare people. many use the fear of Hell for that. In fact, many churches don't believe in possession by demons. It is commonly believed that a saved person who has the spirit of God cannot be possessed. God's indwelling spirit prevents that, so using a deamon threat is ridiculous since they have no power over the saved.Lady Guinevere2 months ago drbillfannin,  Thanks for commenting on my hub.  If you had read the beginning you would know that deamons were not bad until the church got into it and then they became evil things.  So a "saved" person would have these deamons if they weren't "saved"?  I think not.  What is God and why isn't he evil now.  There is a very distinct difference in the Bible of what God is like, but we all know that we cannot spak for that becasue it is just an energy and not a human and doesn't have any of the same characteristics as a human, yet religion teaches otherwise.If this isn't enough to drive people nuts then......drbillfannin2 months ago I just noticed another issue in your comments. The Star of David is not a pentagram as you claim.  The Pentagram has 5 points, the Star of David has 6 points. There is a difference for a reason. Judiasm is not the same as occult religions.Lady Guinevere2 months ago drbillfannin, please be specific on what was said about the star fo david.THeSandman8 weeks ago Hi There,Long time no see, so glad I arrived here again, your excellent as always.Lady Guinevere8 weeks ago THe Sandman,  Yes it has been a while.  Welcome back.Baileybear6 days ago very good points raised, that the 'believers' attribute everything they don't understand to the supernatural, including demons.  The stigma of mental illness is kept alive by such ignorance.Giving up on believing in demons has been excellent for my mental health.  Some are so paranoid about demons behind every bush.Lady Guinevere6 days ago BB,  Yes they will use anything to instill and keep people in the state of fear.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites94Lady GuinevereFrom West Virginia1142 Followers277 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Lady GuinevereContact Lady GuinevereFollow Lady GuinevereSubscribe to Lady Guinevere's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Lady Guinevere a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsAre people still diagnosed with borderline personality disorder?asked by FrankiesGirl6Yr 7 weeks ago3 answersAnswer this questionCan you associate one Google Adsense account with multiple HubPages accounts?asked by kikolani 4 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThe Stigmas of Mental Illness~Causing Emotional Painby schoolgirlforrealHow You Can Stop The Stigma Of Mental Illnessby crazybeanriderThe Bipolar Rollercoaster-Steps To Manage Your Episodesby crazybeanriderMe and my Bipolarby fortunerepHow to deal with someone with Bipolarby fortunerepTypes of Bipolar Disorderby Sunnyglitter Stigma of Mental Illness ForumTopicRepliesHi everyone. Why are all my "mentally ill" neighbors clash w/ me??posted by schoolgirlforreal10Do you think creativity is similar to "madness" ?posted by CaribeM31Post a new topicTagshealth religion depression bible spiritual mental health Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.076 sec)  working