Proof God Exists! Life after Life // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 212Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 73Corporations or politicians hurting America? 13The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 07, 2011| 62 commentsProof God Exists! Life after LifeAn error occurred while setting up video display.congoboy added thisThree-quarters of Americans believe there is some sort of life after death and some believe they've actually experienced it, through "near-death experiences." Katie Couric explores the afterlife as she discusses the idea with "Hereafter" director Clint Eastwood and discovers a new digital way to achieve a sort of immortality.Read more: http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=7008848n&tag=cbsnewsVideoArea.0#ixzz1... groups:News, Humanism, Not News tags:God,life after life |62 comments// Proof God Exists! Life after Life // Videohide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel-1tolerance2curtisreed is absolutely right. I would add that those who are so dismissive of the evidence for the phenomenon of disembodied consciousness acquiring  veridical (that is independently verified ) evidence without fully exploring the research leave themselves open to allegations of being anti-intellectual or intellectually lazy. True intellectuals are open to data.  If they analyze the data, and find it faulty, then they need to say why and how it is faulty.  Simply to assert that this body of evidence is bogus is not worthy of a true intellectual. I would invite them to visit www.iands.org (International Association of Near-Death Studies).  IANDS is an organization of researchers (including physicians, psychologists, et al)  and near-death experiencers who are genuinely and sincerely searching to make sense of the near-death experience.  They include people from a wide range of beliefs and philosophies who all respect and encourage skepticism and invite their data to be scrutinized by one and all.  But they do not take cynicism seriously. Also google the case of Pam Reynolds who was documented to have no life functions for nearly one hour, but who reported numerous data that were independently verified to be accurate.As one who considers himself to be politically very progressive, it frustrates me greatly to hear otherwise intelligent left-leaning people make such superficial and shallow remarks about a topic they have not thoroughly examined.  The mark of a good education is to be cognizant of what we don't know, the limits of our knowledge.  My speculation (and I admit i have no proof of this) as to why so many left-leaning self-styled intellectuals are so dismissive of the NDE evidence is because they wrongly assume that NDE research is pro-religion, pro establishment, and ultimately conservative.  I assure you it is not.  A closed up tight human mind is nothing to be admired.  Before anyone else makes a knee-jerk dismissive remark, I challenge that person to explore  at least some of the research first and only then come back with a rebuttal.  Otherwise, don't waste our time. 1 day agoflag  reply-1congoboy  tolerance2:so very true. and it isnt only conservatives or god fearing religious loonies who have had these experiences. plenty of loonielibs have documented the same thing and its a world wide phenomenon. 1 day agoflag  reply+2KSiryslol.. it's funny how the village idiot has come out of hiding... 2 days agoflag  reply+1congoboy  KSirys:which one? 1 day agoflag  reply+1KSirys  congoboy:which one? You'll see soon lol... and good post bud! 1 day agoflag  reply+1congoboy  KSirys:thanks, and i'll keep my eyes and mind open 1 day agoflag  reply+2Varex_Sythe3/4 of the United States believes there is some sort of life after death... so what?  A few centuries ago nearly everyone in Europe believed the Earth was flat.  Honestly, who the hell cares?  If there is another life after this one then there's not much we can do about it.  We're still going to die, and we're then going to either be reborn or arrive in this other life.  It's the same thing if there is no life after this one.  You can't do anything about it, we're still going to die at some point and just rot in the ground. 2 days agoflag  reply0curtisreed  Varex_Sythe:so you can't imagine how knowing that there is an afterlife could have a positive affect on how someone lives their lives?Isn't the converse true?  Wouldn't you agree that there are people who have convinced themselves that this world sucks, and they should just be content with "heaven" so they don't do many of the things they would like to do because of that belief? 2 days agoflag  reply+1Varex_Sythe  curtisreed:If your a person who genuinely believes in a life after this, and the quality of that life is determined by the kind of life you live in this one, then living a life to certain "moral" standards just so you can get into the better life thereafter is not a good reason to be accepted into that better life.  If someone can't live a "moral" life without the threat of an eternal or continuous punishment which might or might not occur after your death, then that person has the moral and/or ethical mentality of a child.  Also, people who are convinced that the world sucks and just act according to the social norms for morality in order to reach a better place after this one do not tend to be people who contribute a lot to the well being of society or others in general.  And it is just as likely that they don't do many of the things that they would like to do because some of those things are illegal and have physical consequences if they get caught. 2 days agoflag  reply-2congoboy  Varex_Sythe:youre right, nothing can be done about it. but it does give the more intellectual of us hope that something better than obama awaits us on the other side. 1 day agoflag  reply0congoboy  Varex_Sythe:again you are correct. people should live their earthly life in a just, altruistic caring way. building moral character and doing their best to help out their fellow man without expectations in this life or the next one. 1 day agoflag  reply0Varex_Sythe  congoboy:-_-NOOOOOOOOOO!  You're supposed to argue with me!  You ruined it you @%*#(#*!Just kidding.  Though I would argue that it doesn't really bring hope to the more intellectual, nor the less intellectual.  There are plenty of people on both sides of the fence for this issue who are smart and who are not, and I don't really think that one side holds a valid claim of having more intelligent people than the other. 1 day agoflag  reply0congoboy  Varex_Sythe:threw you off didnt i,  it was an evil plot. but again you are correct. plenty of stupid and intelligent folks arguing both sides of this concept. a good mix of them on this thread 1 day agoflag  reply0Varex_Sythe  congoboy:Having a good mix makes it more amusing in the long run though, wouldn't you agree? 18 hours agoflag  reply0congoboy  Varex_Sythe:no doubt 13 hours agoflag  reply+3eden49...I woke up at about 3AM, the other morning...(yikes)...couldn't get back to sleep...turned on computer and clicked my inbox for emails...for some reason, a folder, way down the list opened which is labelled drafts, and contains my somewhat poor attempts at poetry...I thought to myself, WTF, 'cause I distinctly clicked on the inbox...and believe me, when I wake up, I wake up, fully alert...then, without clicking on a specific poem, it just opened to a poem called "Sunlight", which, by the way is also way down the list in this folder...my mother passed away in January 2010, and this is the poem I penned for her and a copy of it went with her...sorry for the monologue...but this poem flashed on my screen for about 5 secs, and then disappeared... I constantly question things in my mind...apropos GOD or NO GOD...and I must admit, I lean to skeptic more times than most...but I certainly have an open mind and I don't dispel everything...strange, unexplainable things happen... 2 days agoflag  reply+4kennymotown  eden49:It's a good thing too have a skeptical mind especially in this matter, most experiences in the meta-physical world have no explanation. Dimensional travel, hypersensitive to energy that flows around us all the time, intermingling with soul's energy's that have passed on from this dimension! I can't explain what you felt or what I felt when strange things happened for a year after my little sister died or even after my mother died. I embraced the experiences no matter how they played out in wonder! 2 days agoflag  reply+1curtisreed  eden49:that marks the difference between a "skeptic" and a "cynic".  You reasonably question your own experience and wonder if you just imagined it, or if it was a "ghost in the machine" (pun intended), or if there was something else.My mother in law tells me that the night after her husband died he came to visit her in her house, and he was not alone, another spirit was with him, guiding him.She had MANY other experiences where spirits came to her after someone's death, before the family knew they had died, and she reported it to her parents and they found out later that person HAD died.I myself used to have "deja vu" that was incredibly powerful, intense, and I felt like I knew what was about to happen.  Once I told my friends that something was about to happen, I described exactly what it would be, and who would say what, and it happend exactly as I had said.But I don't think I'm "psychic" at all.  In fact, that "ability" has disappeared entirely.  I don't know what it was, it happened for a year or two and then stopped.So I just think life is a lot more interesting being open to possibilities without shutting everything down.  there is nothing to gain by "believing" (meaning, forcing myself to accept no other possibility) that the only thing real is the physical world we experience.Afterall, it wasn't long ago that black holes were inconceivable, the notion that time is relative seemed impossible, the universe started from nothing in a big bang, so many other bizarre things and now we have collected evidence to support the idea.Whose to say our energy doesn't persist? 2 days agoflag  reply0KSirys  eden49:Thanks for the story Eden! 2 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  kennymotown:its important to remain somewhat skeptical in these matters as there are plenty of charlatans out to make a buck off an ignorant public, take al gore for example. but when one combines their own undeniable, inconvenient truth with thousands of reputable case studies of after death experiences it is difficult to shrug off the concept of god and life after death. 1 day agoflag  reply-1congoboy  curtisreed:i too have had several difficult to explain experiences that have convinced me that there is more to this life and what follows than back stabbing and petty politics 1 day agoflag  reply0Incredulous  curtisreed:nicely done curtis... 1 day agoflag  reply0Incredulous  eden49:beautiful story eden, thank you for sharing it. 1 day agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  congoboy:Here is a good way too interpret anything, read about the subject from both sides and if one side sounds good to you then go with it, but also realize most people grow mentally if they continue to open their mind and are willing to observe in wonder of every new event. People that jump too conclusions prove they haven't viewed both sides of an issue and have what is termed a closed mind. 1 day agoflag  reply+1congoboy  kennymotown:sometimes personal experience can color ones opinion of a topic. i agree though that looking at both sides is important to making a decision even if it is controversial or opposing to others. it is ignorant to say something isnt true or doesnt exist just because it goes against ones own belief systems. we are all free to believe what we want. sometimes we are right, sometimes wrong and sometimes we have ours heads up our asses. 1 day agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  congoboy:Without a doubt personnel experience is a huge factor in ones belief. During these present economic times you no doubt know i have been unemployed since July, so my personnel experience there is first hand. One thing I have no doubt's about, is the fact when people die they take 0 possessions with them, not even their body! 1 day agoflag  reply0congoboy  kennymotown:my step daddy used to say... he who dies with the most toys wins. tongue in cheek of course. good luck on the job search. 13 hours agoflag  reply+2kennymotownI see DEAD people! 2 days agoflag  reply0curtisreed  kennymotown:do you really?  or is that just a quote from Sixth Sense (great movie, btw)My mother in law does.  There are some incredible stories she and her family tell, things that were confirmed by eye witnesses, I can't explain them.I've known people (relatives) who lived in haunted houses that were sold to other people I don't know and when I asked them "does anything strange happen..." they immediately say "It's haunted" and tell me that the same kinds of things my family reported are still happening.I don't know if ghosts exist, but how do you explain them if they do?  So many people have seen them, there is growing evidence for it, it is a GLOBAL belief, every culture on earth believes in ghosts, and of course we "scientific" people say "superstition"--until it happens to us.Personally, I have never died and had an experience, and I've never seen a ghost.  But I don't cynically assume that anyone who has is stupid, or a liar. 2 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  curtisreed:I think it is definitely another dimension very closely connected on our plane, crossing over can only happen when our soul is freed from it's physical cage on this plane! Energy is another way too explain a soul, energy goes somewhere according to most scientific theory's. 2 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  kennymotown:maybe eventually back to god 1 day agoflag  reply+1EmperorThanI asked my friend Cara, now dead forever, what she saw when she died the first time. She died 3 times in 5 hours at the hospital of an intentional drug overdose. She said "I saw nothing." Me: "Nothing? No bright light?" Cara: "Nothing. I wasn't even aware I had died till you told me so at the hospital."Near death experiences are simple chemical releasing of DMT into the brain. That's all it is.http://www.amazon.com/DMT-Molecule-Revolutionary-Near-Death-Experiences/dp/08928... 2 days agoflag  reply-1tverdell  EmperorThan:IMO, the afterlife is what you make it.If you have a lot of negative energy you will attract negative energy.If you are sad and depressed you might experience nothingness.If you are a free spirit you will traverse the astral plane. 2 days agoflag  reply-2curtisreed  EmperorThan:let me see if I understand you.You knew a person who "died" in the hospital of a drug overdose, and upon revival could not recall anything.Therefore, you conclude that there IS nothing.Isn't that a little like the following."Honey, when you were dead, did you experience the world?""No, there was no world.  I didn't see anything.""Ah, the world does not exist."See my point?There are THOUSANDS upon THOUSANDS of cases where people DID experience something and there many cases where what they experienced CANNOT be described by a chemical reaction.Do some more research, friend.  You may find something that soothes you regarding Cara.  Keep in mind, 1) she obviously hadn't totally died, she had almost died, 2) she was under extreme chemical poisoning, and we KNOW that this often erases memories of the events, as I'm sure anyone who has had too much to drink knows they did things they can't remember.  It's like saying "I don't remember crashing my car, so therefore I didn't crash it." 2 days agoflag  reply+1EmperorThan  curtisreed:But what you just said also negates what you just said. Near death experience prove nothing because if someone 'experienced' something in the 'afterlife' then they couldn't have remembered it. So near death experiences are PROOF of people experiencing only THIS WORLD, and nothing past it. 2 days agoflag  reply-1congoboy  EmperorThan:hmmm so since your suicidal friend recalled nothing and one charlatan doctor discounts what thousands have experienced it isnt real? ive also read of others who have experienced nothing and have no memory but those cases are rare compared to those that have had it.  i am sorry for your loss but gee emp you sure have a closed mind. 1 day agoflag  reply-1congoboy  tverdell:you are sorta right,  this life is what you make of it as well and may reflect how your next one pans out. the afterlife is there and has its own laws just as the laws of nature and physics do on this plane. 1 day agoflag  reply-1congoboy  EmperorThan:open your mind emp 1 day agoflag  reply0jeffreyak  congoboy:If there is any evil we can refer to as the devil, I think Oreilly would be in the running for the crown. 1 day agoflag  reply-1congoboy  jeffreyak:there are plenty of good candidates on both sides of the aisle 1 day agoflag  reply0curtisreedI find the most interesting aspect of this video to be, not within the video itself, but the comments below mine on this page.What we are witness to is a number of people who, having convinced themselves that they are reasonable and rational beings, faithful to principles they ascribe to "scientific thought", are nevertheless incapable of considering notions that they can't fathom.It should be noted that many "scientific minds" initially rejected Copernicus, Galileo, Darwin, and Einstein.These individuals have confused skepticism with cynicism.In a general sense, skepticism or scepticism (refers to any doctrine or way of thought denying the ability of our mind to reach certainty....By its very nature, skepticism is unsatisfactory as an end result. Whether it is ultimately embraced or rejected thus depends in great part on ones general outlook of life, pessimism being generally associated with the skeptical option. Skepticism can be defined as refusing to believe anything to be true unless it can be proven to be true. Pure skepticism is an impossible position because no one has the time or the breadth of education to understand the proofs of all knowledge. So, it is actually impossible to be a pure skeptic. Everyone is forced to believe the testimonies of other people regarding logical proofs of commonly accepted "facts", whether they are scientific, historical, or in other disciplines.Cynicism is refusing to believe anything is true that one does not already believe, regardless of evidence. A cynic assumes that everyone outside of a trusted circle of sources is a liar. Since cynics must begin with some basis of truth, they are simply unchangeable: unwilling to accept new truths or to shed old convictions. Thus, a cynic is someone who is locked into his belief set and is unwilling to believe anything else. On the other hand, a person with blind faith believes everything from his trusted set of leaders and ignores all other sources of truth and logic. So cynicism is essentially the same thing as blind faith. And, when a religious community commends blind faith and condemns cynicism (which are actually the same thing), they are really saying you're good if you agree with them and you're bad if you don't. People who assume that all faith is blind faith are incapable of understanding how a person can have firm faith and yet be open to considering new information that may appear at first to contradict that faith.Referring back to the two alternatives at the beginning of this essay, both blind faith and cynicism are variations on closed-mindedness at one end of the continuum. Open-mindedness, towards the other end of the continuum, is actually another way of saying "healthy skepticism". It may surprise some people that the Bible prescribes healthy skepticism, and condemns the identical twins, blind faith and cynicism. I suspect that it is unique compared to the various religious scriptures of the world in directing its readers to test the truthfulness of claimed truths, as well as encouraging its readers to be open to new information. 2 days agoflag  reply-1congoboy  curtisreed:well put curtis 1 day agoflag  reply0carslutThe "Illusion" of the brain shutting down. Just how people interpret something that they don't/can't comprehend. 2 days agoflag  reply+1curtisreed  carslut:This explanation has been debunked by researchers.  There have been MULTIPLE documented cases where individuals with ZERO brain activity neverthess witnessed events around them, and more importantly, events that occured during their "death" (or near death) that occurred away from their physical bodies, so that they could not have "overheard" and subconciously thought they had observed it.  They have been able to describe events in detail, including the physical appearance ofpeople around them, events that happened in other rooms.In one famous case described in his book "Evidence for the Afterlife" by Danesh D'Souza, he tells about a person who had "died" and who later reported having "floated" above her own body, then explored the area around the hospital and discovered a shoe on a window ledge some floors away from her ER room.  Hospital workers later searched and found the shoe exactly where she reported it, in a location that she could not have seen from the ground level, and especially not from her room.Others saw objects in their houses in places where they didn't know previously they were located, and reported that.  The objects were found where they were reported, and no one had previously known they were there.Others reported conversations that occurred in other locations in the hospital, such as between family members and their doctors, etc. word for word.There was a remarkable case recently reported where a little boy was convinced that he had been another person in a previous life.  He habitually drew himself flying an aircraft in combat, and said that he had been a pilot during WWII and was killed in his plane.  He knew his own name (JIm, which also happened to be his current name and so was written off as "his imagination"), but he knew the name of the aircraft carrier (it turned out to be correct), and some names of people with whom he had served.They looked these people up and they existed.  What's more, they remembered a pilot by the name of Jim who had died off Japan, and when the boy met them for the first time, he recognized them AND called them by name immediately.  He remembered a sister he had had, and when he was introduced to her, he recounted things from his childhood (playing with specific toy soldiers he described) and convinced her that he indeed knew things no one else could have known about her brother.Here is the ABC report on that case.http://abcnews.go.com/Primetime/Technology/story?id=894217&page=1I've been a skeptic--not a cynic--about near death experiences all my life.  But I don't pretend to have all the answers to these issues and I believe that there is a possibility that the energy in our mind may not necessarily die with our bodies.  How does that happen?  I don't know.  Why would it happen?  I don't know.  Is it "proof" of god?  I don't know, but I see it more as "evidence" that there is more to life than what we understand, rather than "proof" of God. 2 days agoflag  reply-1congoboy  carslut:yeah, sorta like the president 1 day agoflag  reply+1unimatrix0wishful thinking for the intellectually challenged 2 days agoflag  reply-1congoboy  unimatrix0:with all the documented cases studies you are still always the party pooper. and i thought you were the open minded sort. guess i was wrong again 1 day agoflag  reply-1Incredulous  unimatrix0:Didn't Debra say something like that about breast milk? ;-) 1 day agoflag  reply0Nabe8really? wow. 2 days agoflag  reply0jeffreyakI dreamed that last night.  Am I dead? 2 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  jeffreyak:We all may be dead and haven't realized it yet. 2 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  jeffreyak:if your mind is closed you may as well be. 1 day agoflag  reply0crystalmanI sure hope I don't meet Katie''the harpie' Couric on the other side. 3 days agoflag  reply+1CitizenHill  crystalman:If that were to happen, then you'd probably feel that there is no merciful god, or a god with a devilish sense of humor, you think? 2 days agoflag  reply0crystalman  CitizenHill:I'd be in hell 2 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  crystalman:that in itself would be good reason to live a long, fruitful and healthy lifestyle. this type of story somehow seems beyond katies typical bash the right mantra. 1 day agoflag  reply0congoboy  crystalman:no doubt katie is the devils spawn 1 day agoflag  reply0crystalman  congoboy:Inasmuch as she gratuitously conspires against life, integrity and truth, she indeed is. 1 day agoflag  reply0congoboy  crystalman:her latest photo 1 day agoflag  reply0crystalman  congoboy:the horror, the horror 1 day agoflag  reply0congoboy  crystalman:hey, theyre dissing on us over on mass's anti israel post. later 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durrwell there's a load off my mind 3 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Too much fluoride in water! see all new stories videos on current tvIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Smoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  14 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  22 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  30 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 WhiteNoise commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoTHANKS FOR THE FLOWERS, NOW FOR THE POT ;)http://whitenoiserants.webnode.com/news/media-induced-reality-/  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog