Repeal Of 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell' Passes in the House // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 217Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 15, 2010| 71 commentsRepeal Of 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell' Passes in the Housesource: http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-20025809-503544.html?tag=stackAn error occurred while setting up video display.TimALoftis added thisAfter impassioned debate both for and against the measure, the House of Representatives today passed a standalone bill to repeal the military's "don't ask, don't tell" policy. The measure passed by a vote of 250 to 175, and the House broke into applause at the announcement of the final vote.The measure was introduced Tuesday, in the final days of the Democratic-led 111th Congress, after the Senate last week failed to pass a defense authorization bill that included a repeal of the policy, which prohibits gays from serving openly in the military. While that measure failed, Democrats are now confident they can find 60 votes in the Senate to pass this standalone bill.This effort represents the repeal's best chance for passage, since Republicans would be unlikely to put the issue up for a vote once they take control of the House next year.groups:News, Politics, Gay, Don't Ask Don't Tell tags:DADT,Gays In The Military |71 comments// Repeal Of 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell' Passes in the Househide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+1bertkampGood. Its the military. Sex is the last thing anyone should concern themselves with. They are here to fight and support the country not talk about sexual orientation. 25 days agoflag  reply+2bike10The old GOP boys of the Senate will block its passage.  Led by senator Flip Flop McCain. 25 days agoflag  reply+1nanacIt's been a long time coming! DADT has finally passed the House, but passing the Senate is another story.. 25 days agoflag  reply0hammywillSo let me ask everyone. Once DADT is repealed and a gay man talks to his fellow soldiers about his loved ones...or maybe he and another gay soldier swap the traditional military "fuck stories." When he says something, and he admits to having anal sex...how do we prevent the Military from prosecuting them under the anti-sodomy laws in the UCMJ? 25 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  hammywill:Remember once you join the Military, you no longer have Constitutionaly protected rights. You have sworn away your rights under the Constitution for rights and Duties under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. (Yes, the UCMJ has rights as well) 25 days agoflag  reply0riverratt50  hammywill:That's a darn good question given the Bradly Manning discussion. I wonder where ol Opressed1 is hiding now lol. 25 days agoflag  replydustinfineout  hammywill:This comment was removed by its owner.0hammywill  dustinfineout:When did I say it wasn't? I am not sure where the hostility comes from. 21 days agoflag  replydustinfineout  hammywill:This comment was removed by its owner.0hammywill  dustinfineout:I don't think you have read all my posts. I will give you the opportunity to do just that. You also posted below that this is a repeal of DADT, which it is not. This Bill does noe repeal DADT. I can see now who has a reading comprehension problem. You have no idea what I am talking about, and make assumptions as to what I am talking about. Go read the rest of my posts and then come back and we can continue this conversation. 21 days agoflag  reply0rhetoricallyineffectiveThis is great!!! It's ridiculous it took this long though. "The land of the free"? For who? 25 days agoflag  reply+4EtVoila  rhetoricallyineffective:Wealthy, adult, white, American-born, heterosexual men. 24 days agoflag  reply-1riverratt50I think they should let cross dressers in there. And trans gender, it's prejudiced against that group. 25 days agoflag  reply+6unimatrix0  riverratt50:You might want to embrace your homosexual tendencies rather than fighting them. Your homophobia fools no one but yourself. 25 days agoflag  reply-1riverratt50  unimatrix0:Seeetheart I am Gay and you think you got it all figured out. Lmao. 25 days agoflag  reply-1riverratt50  unimatrix0:I think it's funny as all get out when people like you think you got it all figured out and then you find out you truly don't know shit....... lol 25 days agoflag  reply0artemis6In short , in 2008 , some 634 military personnel were discharged for transgressing "don't ask don't tell " That same year , 4,555 were discharged for failing to meet military weight standards . 25 days agoflag  reply+2pukemnukem  artemis6:Not going to argue the numbers, but they can be viewed as suspect. I served for six years in the navy, and I knew a couple of gays and a bunch of guys who got "rainbow chits" (requested separation for homosexuality). The people that got the chits...were not gay. Its a dirty little secret, but when some wants out, and the command wants them gone too, the easiest way is to get them separated under DADT. That isn't to say DADT shouldn't be repealed...it should and its FUCKING INSANE its taken this long. I'm just saying that not everyone kicked out under DADT were gay nor were they actually "kicked" out...they requested it. 25 days agoflag  reply0artemis6  pukemnukem:Thank you for that insight . And here I was thinking it was near impossible to get out just 'cause you wanted to .. 24 days agoflag  reply+3artemis6Obesity is a greater threat to national security than homosexuality . http://www.good.is./post/obesity-a-greater-threat-to-national-security-than-homosexuality - food - GOOD 25 days agoflag  reply+4DisownCashValuethis is a great achievement. i dont understand why anyone would be against this. homosexuals have the same right to bleed and die for thier country as anyone else. 25 days agoflag  reply-2JohnASo do we have to ask?  Because I really don't want to know what you do in your free time.  No offense or anything, do what you want, I just really don't care, and I'd rather not hear about it if I have a choice.  That's all. 25 days agoflag  reply+1floydyboy  JohnA:I agree. Straight, gay, bi, I don't wanna hear about it. That's your business, not mine. 25 days agoflag  reply-8Sparky2UDon't get your panties in a bunch just yet; the Senate will never be able to get the 60 votes for this grand experiment to commence. 25 days agoflag  reply+8UtopianSky  Sparky2U:It's interesting you chose to use the phrase "grand experiment". That was a term critics of the United States used in the early 1800's.It was a "Grand Experiment" to build a nation on concepts like freedom and equality.And yes, I realize you are against stuff like that. 25 days agoflag  reply-8XasthurNorttYou will see a decline in recruitment from Christian southerners and  inner city minorities, who make a substantial demographic. 25 days agoflag  reply+5UtopianSky  XasthurNortt:No, because it is only the young who enlist, not the elderly.The young are more progressive across the board. 25 days agoflag  reply+1JohnA  XasthurNortt:I don't think it will change the demographics much. 25 days agoflag  reply0artemis6  XasthurNortt:If by that , you mean , people like you , then good . 25 days agoflag  reply0XasthurNortt  artemis6:I'm 14 dumbo......I just wish you get your bug from a giftgiver. 25 days agoflag  reply0XasthurNortt  UtopianSky:Oh! yeah!..........By abroad do you mean liberal coastal cities? 25 days agoflag  reply0UtopianSky  XasthurNortt:I wrote "across the board", meaning across all regions, not "abroad" as in overseas.How is it possible for you to mishear something you are reading? 24 days agoflag  reply+4EmperorThanIt's amazing it's taken THIS LONG for such basic equality legislation to even be considered. When you think of all the major problems this country is facing, of all those ones that we'd get stuck on is the easiest one of all:Equality for ALL, or not?..."Hmmmm, which is the one that this country was founded on again?" 25 days agoflag  reply-4JohnA  EmperorThan:Nobody is saying they aren't equal.  We just don't want to hear about it.  OK?  Do whatever you want, I don't give a shit, but I don't want to hear it.  Do your job, great, do what you want in your free time, who cares, I don't want to know, that's your business. 25 days agoflag  reply+1UtopianSky  JohnA:What pure idiocy.Do you have an office job? Do you have a picture of your wife on your desk? Do you wear a wedding ring? Do you walk around in the mall with your wife, holding hands, perhaps occasionally kissing? When someone asks "What did you do this weekend?" Do you say "My WIFE and I saw that new movie?"So tell me- why do you feel the need to broadcast your heterosexuality to the rest of us? We just don't want to hear about it. OK? Do whatever you want, I don't give a shit, but I don't want to hear it. Do your job, great, do what you want in your free time, who cares, I don't want to know, that's your business.THAT IS NOT EQUAL.What you are actually saying is you want gays to be in the closet, living lives of shame and isolation. You don't want gays to flaunt their sexuality by bringing their husbands to the office party, or having a photo of him on their desk.All the same stuff you do, but you take for granted because you and your kind have ALWAYS done it. 25 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  UtopianSky:I'm not married so I can't answer.  But I have dated and lived with women and never felt the need for society to affirm our relationships, whatever they may have been.  It's none of your business who I fuck, and I really don't care who you fuck.  OK?  Fuck who ever you want to, I don't want to know, I don't care.  You have seen I'm sure in this facebook world these girls that have to let the whole world know how in love they are with their husbands and that feel the need to let everyone know how happy they are.  I feel the same way about them, I don't care, and I have no interest, keep it to yourself, I could care less. 25 days agoflag  reply+3pukemnukem  JohnA:John...the problem was for me, as a veteran, is that the UCMJ article that determined what is sodomy, and thus what could get you kicked out, is so fucking open ended that oral sex between a married couple is technically grounds for separation under sodomy. So obviously it goes that the actually article is not fairly and equally used throughout the military. From personal experience, I had a sailor that worked under me that was basically openly gay. He could not hide it as he basically sounded like the stereotype homosexual and his mannerisms were pretty feminine. No one in the division gave him shit about it because he was a really nice guy, if your worried about shit like this in a war zone your priorities are fucked up...and he was fucking huge. So yeah, he could handle himself...until we got an officer from the academy that couldn't wrap it around her head that the rest of the division didn't give a shit about him being gay. She was basically trying to make his life a living hell, screwing him over on leave, watch rotation,etc...until finally she made it known to us supervisors, she was going to file paperwork against him under DADT for his rack (he had photos of him and his boyfriend on a beach together or some shit...not close to the porn you would normally find in our racks).So she sets up a berthing inspection with the CO to fuck this dude over. Since our watch rotation would get worse without him...oh and he was our boy...FUCK THAT NOISE! So hours before the inspection, we deck our racks in the most insane shit possible. I had cheetah sheets and pics of male models, one dude actually tracked down She-ra sheets...another Powerpuff girls. Oh and the gay porn tacked around the berthing...it was like 4-chan out to sea. So yeah...she ended up looking like an ass, a bunch of us supervisors ended up in a shitload of trouble...but our homo wasn't touched...and more importantly...our watch rotation didn't get shittier because some uptight bitch couldn't have the professionalism to just do her damn job..Jesus...that was a rant...sorry bro. 25 days agoflag  reply0EmperorThan  JohnA:Which was the original intent of the bill, to leave them alone as long as they weren't hitting on other recruits or whatever. BUT now the military is actively hunting them down and seeking them out so they have to live completely private secret lives even when not on base.There's a difference between looking the other way and actively pursuing recruits. The same way there was a 'difference' between 'separate but equal' laws and what ACTUALLY took place in the South at that time. 25 days agoflag  reply+1JohnA  EmperorThan:I'm against that, they should not be discriminated against of course.  I just don't care and I'd rather not know.  It's your business. 25 days agoflag  reply+1JohnA  pukemnukem:No problem.  I understand.  You are there to do a job.  I don't give a fuck what you do on your free time, and I'm sure you don't care what I do on mine.  Whatever, who cares, what does it matter.  Can you do your job is the most important thing. 25 days agoflag  reply0UtopianSky  JohnA:No one is talking about posting erotic pictures on Facebook or writing detailed kiss-and-tell novels. Just normal every day human interaction, which includes discussing your loved ones with co-workers.I guess the problem is you don't get it because you just fuck people, you don't love anyone. 25 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  JohnA:Hey, I was in the Military and every time we pulled into a foreign port I had to listen to a stream of my Shipmates sexual dalliances while on Liberty. Are you saying that the heterosexual men and women in the Military should be forced by law to keep their mouth shut or face prosecution and discharge? 25 days agoflag  reply+1hammywill  pukemnukem:LOVE IT! I remember it being like this as well. We had a guy who would wear rainbow flags and no one gave a shit. Though when we were in the Phillipines I had to CONSTANTLY be subjected to my MARRIED Supervisor's stories about all the whore he "fucked in the ass" while on Liberty.I doubt the whole "I don't care if you're gay, I just don't want to hear about it" crowd would say the same to those asshole 1st classes and CPO's who cheated on their wives every single time they went on deployment. 25 days agoflag  reply-1floydyboy  hammywill:It sounds to me like he doesn't care, he just doesn't F'in care & you people are tearing him apart for it. I don't want to hear about what goes on in my friends bedrooms, straight, gay, whatever. 25 days agoflag  reply+1JohnA  UtopianSky:Could be. 24 days agoflag  reply+2JohnA  hammywill:I don't know about by law, but I don't want to hear about them either. 24 days agoflag  reply0UtopianSky  pukemnukem:Excellent! 24 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  floydyboy:The thing is if you are in the Military you are going to hear about sexual escapades. The thing at issue here is when a gay person talks about them, he/she can be arrested and charged under the UCMJ. Whereas the straight person will not be. 24 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  JohnA:The thing is if you are in the Military you are going to hear about sexual escapades. The thing at issue here is when a gay person talks about them, he/she can be arrested and charged under the UCMJ. Whereas the straight person will not be. 24 days agoflag  reply0floydyboy  hammywill:I understand that. It's not right. 24 days agoflag  reply0artemis6  pukemnukem:Love how you saved your guy . An individual that does good , is worth their weight in gold . Before my job was sent to Mexico , I was a supervisor in a factory . What kind of job you did was all that mattered to me . Looks , Didn't matter , Age Didn't matter . Performance . That is where it is at . 24 days agoflag  reply+3toastyguy11good thing they got this through now 25 days agoflag  reply-4riverratt50yehaaaaaa, Twinkle toes can dance around the showers all he wants now...... weeeeee. I always did like ol twinkle toes lol. 25 days agoflag  reply+7neocongo  riverratt50:You are a tremendous fuckwad. 25 days agoflag  reply+2UtopianSky  riverratt50:You have some serious psychological problems you need to deal with in your own life, in private, instead of broadcasting them here. 25 days agoflag  reply-2riverratt50  UtopianSky:LOL 25 days agoflag  reply+2unimatrix0  riverratt50:You might want to embrace your homosexual tendencies rather than fighting them. Your homophobia fools no one but yourself. 25 days agoflag  reply0riverratt50  unimatrix0:Ask and answered there green face. 25 days agoflag  reply+2GISchmoHooray! One step closer to having true civil freedom! 25 days agoflag  reply+6ThatCrazyLibertarianAnd yes, Ron Paul did vote to repeal it.  Don't give me shit on this matter any more, Unimatrix (I know his record isn't the best when it comes to his homophobia though).http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2010/roll638.xml 25 days agoflag  reply+4remanns  ThatCrazyLibertarian:+^d 25 days agoflag  reply+5unimatrix0  ThatCrazyLibertarian:thanks for the mention! 25 days agoflag  reply+2littlwarriorNow its time to move on to my senators. Can you say automatic redial :) 25 days agoflag  reply+6UtopianSkyhttp://altarkation.files.wordpress.com/2008/11/gay-win.jpgGAY WIN!(Whenever there's a positive gay story, I always post this same picture of Ellen!) 25 days agoflag  reply+5TimALoftisThe bill now goes to the Senate where passage is at best unsure. 25 days agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarian  TimALoftis:It was definitely one of the highlights of this lame duck session.  Just a stand-alone bill...no side issues and no pork to sweeten the pot. We know where our lawmakers stand on this issue, and we can act accordingly. 25 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvThe Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsunimatrix0 commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  8 minutes agoYes, I remember Kenny!These Tea Party douche bags were practically begging for violence with their "second amendment remedies" and "don't retreat, reload" mentality.... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  21 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. bailey78 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  39 minutes agoIf life gets any better my wife may have to get another job. southrabbit commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThe better part of valour is restraint.   Before rushing into another paranoid tyrade, pause for a moment and realize that if proper support systems were in place, this fellow would have... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog