Dolphins: Senseless ritual mass killing spree: Shame on the Faroe Islands. You should hang your heads in shameHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPets and AnimalsAnimal Rights and WelfareCrimes Against AnimalsDolphins: Senseless ritual mass killing spree: Shame on the Faroe Islands. You should hang your heads in shameDolphins: Senseless ritual mass killing spree: Shame on the Faroe Islands. You should hang your heads in shame76rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy ethel smithA scenic village, set by a sea of blood See all 10 photosBackground.I recently received an email from a friends that had content which made my blood run cold as it made me seethe, all at once. The disturbing pictures told the tale in a way that words could never have expressed. However there was an explanation of what was going on, an attached petition to sign in the hope that this practice may finally be stopped and the outraged sentiments, of each person that had received this email, who also found it hard to believe that this wasthe Faroe Islandsin the 21st Century.It would seem that this footage has been doing the rounds but I offer no apologies if you have already seen it. ACTION IS NEEDED AND IS NEEDED NOWA Blood Bath in the Sea-And the crowd looked on The Political Time-Out Chair - BP (et al) Oil Greed Before SafetyPathologists Investigate Deaths of Sea Life Washing Ashore The devastation of the Gulf oil spill will not be measured in our lifetime... it will affect the lives of our children and quite possibly our...The Faroe Island's destruction of the Dophin populationAt first I was not sure how true the email was. The text which accompanied the graphic images stated that:-"This is a ritual in which all young men participate, to mark their transition to adulthood...... WHAT A TRULY DISGUSTING & WOEFUL RITUAL......DENMARK SHOULD BE MADE ANSWERABLE AND HANG THEIR HEADS IN SHAME!! IT IS WITHOUT ANY DOUBT THAT THESE PHOTOS PROVE THAT THE ONLY TRUE BEAST OR ANIMAL ON THIS EARTH IS MANKIND!! THESE BOTTLE NOSE DOLPHINS ARE ONE OF THE FEW SPECIES THAT WILLINGLY APPROACH HUMANS OUT OF CURIOSITY & THIS IS HOW THEY ARE REWARDED!!"As someone who is a human being with a good heart I was appalled. Animal welfare and cruelty seems to be getting more problematic around the world as we call ourselves more civilised. If these are the facts then it is just a further example of mankind's abuse of the power and privileged position that he and she holds.Researching a little further I saw that YouTube holds distressing video proof of this behaviour. I have selected one of the shorter videos in order to minimise distress. More explicit footage is there for you to view if necessary. However, no matter how long or short the video is, there is no escaping the painful reality. Dolphins are under attack around the world and it would seem that they are an easy target for many.PETITIONSThe on line petition has sadly far less signatures than one would have hoped. My email included a round robin type petition and so hopefully this will add to those already actioned. The petition is now closed but there are other actions you can take such as circulating the email on the petition link to as many people as possible and making your collective voice heard. As you will see from the link the slaughter includes that increasingly rare wonder of the world the Whales species.Of course there is nothing stopping you from starting your own petition, in your part of the world.Reasons for the killingWell my email led me to believe that it was some sort of out dated passage of rite into manhood. No, I thought. Surely not in a modern EEC, European Economic Country, such as Denmark. The EEC, as we all know has caused a song and dance about much more trivial goings on such as how straight a cucumber should be and whether the tomatoes are too large in some countries. Surely it will have made its voice heard, as a means of stopping this mass killing? Wrong, I'm afraid.The comments left om this hub have been a mixed bag. I have been called a stupid woman and worse as "Its only an animal". Recently I have received more aggressive comments stating that I should get my facts right and it is The Faroe Islands and not Denmark. However I had ststed clearly at the beginning of this hub that a lot depended how true the reports were.So I have amended this hub to the Faroe Islands.However there seems to be no doubt that this barbarism continues andfor pointless reasons.Looking around the Internet it would seem that this slaughter keeps happening over and over again. This year, 2009,has been no exception.If you care please make sure that this killing is not achieved and sustained by people's ignorance and apathy.Write to Danish Embassies and their ambassadors in your country, Faroe Island representatives, lobby your politicians and, if enough people show that they disapprove, hopefully this practice will be resigned to the same garbage bin as bear and dog baiting, whale hunting and fox hunting.Dolphin WelfareIn Defense of Dolphins: The New Moral Frontier (Blackwell Public Philosophy Series)Amazon Price: $21.46List Price: $28.95Dolphins (Smithsonian)Amazon Price: $7.67List Price: $17.99Dolphinarium: Aquarium, Dolphin, Marine mammal park, Zoo, Amusement park, Cetacea, Animal welfare, Bottlenose dolphin, Cruelty to animals.Amazon Price: $53.20List Price: $56.00Behind the Dolphin SmileAmazon Price: $41.88List Price: $17.95Dolphins In Danger (Adventures Of Riley)Amazon Price: $3.49List Price: $6.99Rekindling the Waters: The Truth about Swimming with DolphinsAmazon Price: $14.82List Price: $24.95Threat to the Yangtze River Dolphin (Robbie Readers) (Robbie Readers)Amazon Price: $19.95List Price: $25.70Dolphin, Whale and Animal protectionNo articles found in the RSS feed.Animal welfareUnderstanding Animal Welfare: The Science in its Cultural Context (UFAW Animal Welfare)Amazon Price: $53.19List Price: $74.99Why Animals Matter: The Case for Animal ProtectionAmazon Price: $7.46List Price: $21.98Dominion: The Power of Man, the Suffering of Animals, and the Call to MercyAmazon Price: $8.29List Price: $16.99Beyond Closed Doors: Science, Ethics and Politics of Farm Animal WelfareAmazon Price: $19.99Animal Law: Welfare, Interests, and Rights (Elective Series)Amazon Price: $39.94List Price: $58.00Why Animals Matter: The Case for Animal ProtectionAmazon Price: $11.99Animal Liberation: The Definitive Classic of the Animal Movement (P.S.)Amazon Price: $5.87List Price: $14.99Animal Rights: Current Debates and New DirectionsAmazon Price: $14.41List Price: $19.99Paw Print Animal Welfare CufflinksAmazon Price: $29.99List Price: $59.99More of Ethel Smith's hubpagesX Factor UK Final 2010: And the winner is?The last five acts. - 4 weeks agoGetting ready for a late vacation abroadHubby and I are in the process of getting ready for a late vacation. - 2 months agoCollingwood House, the Hotel Del Almirante, MenorcaHubby and I have been on a two week vacation. - 2 months agoInternet writing: Latest update regarding Allvoices.comI created a Hub about Allvoices. - 3 months agoMaking money with affiliate marketing: Patience is a virtueHaving joined Hubpages you will want to know how you can earn some money into the bargain. - 3 months agoKingston-upon-Hull: St Stephen's Shopping CentreThe city of Kingston-upon-Hull, in East Yorkshire, has tried many times to revamp itself. - 3 months agoLeeds arcades: Shop in splendourLeeds is in the heart of the county of Yorkshire, England. - 3 months agoBest local markets in the UKThe UK has many outdoor and indoor markets. - 4 months agoHubtrailTop 10 Best Careers, Attractions; and Employment Trends in Canada - Toronto, OntarioYonge Street has been in the Guinness Records as the longest street in thr world, running from Lake Ontario to Lake Simcoe and 1896 km. - 6 months agoTop 10 Best Things to See in Charm City - Pirates, Cakes and SongThe manyPirates of Baltimore easily outpace those of Disney World or the movie house. - 8 days agoTop 10 High Demand Jobs in America's Historic TriangleAmerica's Historic Triangle is located in Virginia and encompasses three towns important to the founding of America as a New Nation. - 3 days agoTop 10 Unique Native American Attractions in PennsylvaniaPennsylvania lists one of the largest collection of National Historic Places registed in America and new places are accepted into "Commonwealth Treasure" historic status in an ongoing trend. - 6 months agoTop 10 High Demand Jobs in Kingston, OntarioKingston was founded on the east extremity of Lake Ontario along the shores of this natural wonder cut long ago by advancing and receding... - 6 months ago12 Best European Islands For VacationYou want to go to Europe to explore the wide variety of culture and arts throughout the continent's many countries, but the idea of lounging on the beach somewhere sounds equally enticing. - 5 months agoBest Places For Surfing in the PhilippinesPhilippines is a good surfing destinations for all surfing enthusiasts. - 6 months agoWhat are the pros and cons of living in Los Angeles, CA?I lived in Orange County, a suburb of Los Angeles, for years when the smog was really terrible. - 24 months agovote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome (1)Beautiful Animal Welfare: Donations to Charity-Don't put all of your eggs in one basketAnimal Welfare: Animal Cruelty: Poland, Klobucku: Dog Lard Death FarmCommentsJulie-Ann Amos18 months ago Awful.  I started a hub on the fur trade a while back and just couldn't stomach completing it - well done.  I know how hard it is.ethel smith18 months ago Thanks Julie. There is always the worry that some readers will get their kicks out of such hubs. However I hope it does more good than harm. There is so much happening that we never here about.Gypsy Willow18 months ago Yuck, I have Danish ancestry and I am ashamed, ashamed, ashamed.Peggy W18 months ago Ethel,I almost commented in my latest hub back to you about man being the most cruel animal on this earth..........and what do I read next?  Your hub regarding this which absolutely confirms it.  This is terrorism of a different kind but terrorism none-the-less.Not only should people in Denmark be ashamed, but people from everywhere should shout out against these abhorrent atrocities.As a great animal lover, this could not have been easy for you to write and show.  Job well done and thanks from animal lovers everywhere for exposing this.  Let's hope this does some good.Tom Rubenoff18 months ago The human race needs a serious tune-up. Jerilee Wei18 months ago Doesn't matter what nationality, we should all be ashamed if we allow this to go on without a giant outcry.Misha18 months ago How disgusting it looks... Why they are doing this?emohealer18 months ago I thought it was a photography trick when I saw the first picture, as the tale unfolded, yes I was shocked.  As hard as it is to write and share these things, thank you for having the courage, ignorance is not bliss, the world needs to know to have the opportunity to fix itself. ethel smith18 months ago Thanks all and lets hope we can make our voices heard against such behaviour. I recently read a hub on strange foods that told off Chinese eating monkey brains from live monkeys, that were simply drugged.So many abominations how can we say that we are civilised?And for those religious readers, whatever happened to all God's creatures?James A Watkins18 months ago This is depravity!  Do they eat them?  If not, it is way beyond the pale.  Even if they do, it is sick.  I never heard about this, uh, "ritual."  At least you brought it to light.badcompany9918 months ago Went to a dolphin show last year as my daughter loves dolphins, those pics were that bad I couldnt look at them !ethel smith18 months ago Thanks James and Badcompany. We visited Zoomarine in Portiugal a couple of years ago and were in awe of these beautiful creatures. I just cannot fathom what it is with some countries and their behaviour. I know we are all different but to allow such cruelty.kiwi9117 months ago The fact that this could exist in modern times makes you question a lot of things.. this is really disappointing, especially for a country in western Europe! So does anyone know exactly why they do this yet?ethel smith17 months ago It seems to be some sort of right of passage for young men. Absolutely appaling whatever the reason though, I agree.EverythingMouse15 months ago This is so terrible Ethel. These are such amazing animals it is horrifying to think that this is happening right now.ethel smith15 months ago I agree everythingmouse. All God's creatures are amazing but Dolphins are just so intelligent. If people need to kill for food so be it but make the killing humane. This is, as you say, terrible.Traveler6815 months ago It is amazing, how little everyone knows about the countries? You blame Denmark for an independent country's actions. So if Canada does something wrong, do you blame Great Briton? Just because they !share the same Queen! It is the same with Denmark and the Faroe Islands.Is it horrible? Yes! I agree, should it be done, NO, but blame them, not Denmark. They have been independent since 1948!!! So this has been sent out around the world on email and added to the animosity for Denmark because of the Muslim cartoons. Thanks for not getting your information correctnow what else is wrong in this article, if this is!!! Think about that before writing something and not checking the facts!!!ethel smith15 months ago So traveler68 I stand corrected. It is the shame of the Faroe Islands. This hub was written in good faith and I hold my hands up. I have not simply deleted your comments.The abusive comments I did receive from a danish person were deleted though. Their vehement attack seemed to say that such killing was normal.If you feel that it is not please make sure that you lobby the appropriate people and stop this barbaric slaughter.It is not about politics or religion but crueltyWarlock15 months ago Guess some people are just intimidated that a beautful creature is far more intelligent & peaceful than them.Those people are idiots. Worse. I just don't think theres a suitable word for those freaks.Thank you for sharing this net-wide, and good luck.ethel smith15 months ago Thanks for the support Warlock. Let's hope some extra publicity will help put a stop to this.mohamad14 months ago Hi I'm an iranian I tried to sign the petition but i was so late unfortunatly. I'm so confused about it that how can human, without any nationality separating can do something like it. It's awful and must be stoped. After be out it's a shame for all of us, if it continue.Thanks so much about your report.ethel smith14 months ago Thanks mohamad. Animal cruelty needs to be stamped out for sure.Warren RauHofer14 months ago Barbaric. These people should have their human citizenship revoked....but how could that happen? They are not humans.A Human Being would see blood everytime he looked at his hands.pinkhawk14 months ago ...I could feel the  piercing emotions fragmentizing my bursting heart when I saw the pictures... i think they are really out of their mind, it seems that they can't differentiate what is wrong from what is right..how could they say that they are adult now?- absolutely (more than 100%)this is not the right way to prove it...However I don't have the right to judge people from Faroe Island just like that for I don't even know them but...I JUSTtt CANnn'nnT UNDERSTANnnDdd WHYyy?- what's their basis? how they came up with this tradition?.....All in all, this need to be STOPped forever!Thank you ma'am for letting us know this, i'll support the campaign to stop this cruel tradition.ethel smith14 months ago Pinkhawk awareness and support will go a long wayBryanDexter13 months ago This is horrible! I will post this in my Facebook account to rally Filipinos to help stop such monstrosity!Hopefully though there is an easier way of making our officials hear about such inhumane acts.Thanks for sharing this with us, although disturbing.skins13 months ago stop this brutality!!!!L.CHARLS13 months ago Pl.stop this barbarian act.debugs13 months ago Sickos kill innocent animals!!!!Althea Clark13 months ago This needs to stop soon. This is inhumane, and I can't believe this event still exist to this day. Very cruel! And what a way to teach the kids to be mature. This is not an act of maturity--totally the opposite of it. I am beyond appalled by this. Really sick to my stomach watching these beautiful creatures being slaughtered.joey12 months ago what is wrong with this people! i really hope something is done soon to stop this sick and cruel acts that these stupid people actually practice! and they actually call it a tradition! dumb danish and japanese!Angelina11 months ago Don't just hope! Don't just feel bad! Do something! I am doing all I can writing letters to talk shows to exploit it! Writing all organizations and all people of power! This is our world and look what we are treating everything in it like! Please do something! Anything! I Pray to motivate you!Angelethel smith11 months ago Angel keep spreading the word.Ayyaz123411 months ago These are such beautiful and intelligent animals,this barbarism has got to stop! We all need to be aware of what goes on in other countries rather than not see it as our business.  We all need to work together to stop this cruelty.apricot11 months ago Yes, I had heard of this happening but I admit I hadn't seen any photos - they really brought home the horror of it all.  I find it so bizarre that this is going on - and in Denmark of all countries.  The message needs spreading - I'll do what I can to help.  Thanks for that ethelsmith!ethel smith11 months ago Thanks apricot. I was corrected by someone, as it is apparently the Faroe Islands. It is horrible no matter where it is happening thoughbat11511 months ago This is just awful. I can't believe what I just read and seen. I do thank you for making me (and many others) aware of what cruelty is going on on our Earth.ethel smith11 months ago So much crueltyEileen Hughes11 months ago Ethel, I saw this on TV a while back and just could not believe people could actual be in the water in all that blood committing this offence to the poor dolphins.And we call our selves humans.  It is shocking the thing people can do.ethel smith11 months ago I know Eileen. I thought it was a set up first. Appalling like so many other things. Its a sad world for too many creatures and people.ethel smith8 months ago Stefan I understand your feelings entirelyamira8 months ago Ethel, am a Malaysian. I heard about this brutality and after  what I seen in here... I just don have any words to describe what these people are doing to animals that are gentle and harmless. My daughter loves watching n reading about whales and dolphins.....I just could not imagine myself telling her "human like you and me are hurting and killing these beautiful creation from GOD"If the leaders of the world could stop the war....why couldn't they stop these brutality?ethel smith8 months ago amira thanks for your input.ceren8 months ago Hello from Turkey,I am terrible sad for that beautiful creatures. Please look at their faces, dolphins are happy animal. You can all see how outgoing and humane they are. And we all know the stories. Many times they save people from sharks and sea accident. So I really wonder, how people can be so devilish???This tradition or whatever it is, is exactly a slaughter!!Please come together and STOP the blood and death!!!ethel smith8 months ago Ceren thank you for your inputromper208 months ago that is something to think about, how can people effect a natural animal thats so free.Its beyone me...anita6 months ago I am from Canada, I received this email today - and was stunned. I thought it was a hoax and came across this hub. Could this really happen in the present world? absolutely disgusting!!! all in the name of a ritual? please approach world recognized animal welfare organizations to help stop this brutality.http://www.peta.org/http://www.thepetitionsite.com/1/end-whale-dolphinethel smith6 months ago Anita that is what happened to me last year. Keep up the fightKKalmes6 months ago Hello Anita, I voted thumbs up and awesome because in my book awesome means excellent and it is excellent that you have prevailed the whacko regime and stood fast to your principles. This is barbaric regardless of where or who is perpetrating it.A great organization that has worked to save whales would be a great ally in this fight... www.nrdc.org/Nonprofit dedicated to protecting wildlife and wild places, ensuring a safe and healthy environment for all living...You can write to Executive Director...NRDC - Peter Lehnerethel smith6 months ago Thanks kkalmes for the visit to this dreaful hub of mine. Thanks for your added input. Hope it helps Anitaethel smith5 months ago Hey-If you pop back and repost your comment without the link I will approve it.Hey5 months ago What i was saying was that I'm from the Faroe Islands so I should know i bit of the whaling. These Whales aren't killed brutally. They're being killed in the most humane way as possible. They maybe suffer from stress in 30 minutes until they reach land. That's certainly better than suffering from stress all their lives as pigs and chickens do. They live in cages so small that they can't even stand up. When the whales reach the beach their, we drag them from deep water with a hook which we place in their blowhole. And then are their spinal nerves cut so they die within few seconds; after 5 seconds they're unconcious and after 10 seconds they're dead. And only, I believe, 20 beaches are approved as whaling beaches so the whales won't get hurt when they reach land. So we make it as humane as possible, more than many farmers do with their animals. So before judging, try to do some research, folks! Just because the water is red, it isn't crucial that the whales' death was painfull. If you killed the animals which are normally are killed in the slaughter houses and killed them in the ocean, the water would exact the same. The only thing which's different between the killings in slaughter houses and on the beach is that the people can see it. And I love the quote that "if slaughter houses would have glass walls, everyone would be vegetarian". And remember: the meat you eat doesn't appear in the stores automatically.ethel smith5 months ago Hey thanks you for sharing your perspective. I do not agree but you have used your knowledge to clarify some points.For me it is still dreadful but we shall always remain poles apartHey5 months ago I understand your point of view. But I am trying to point out that if you think whaling is horrible and you still eat meat, I think you're just a hypocrite. But if you a vegetarian for instance, I understand what you're saying because then you neither agree with the killing of whales nor the killing of other animals. Because Whales aren't killed more brutally than other animals. We'll have to be careful what we're doing with these whales because the public and the media can see it. And then we're in trouble (if we aren't already). What's going on in the slaughter houses, will nobody  find out. That's why we'll have to be careful when killing whales due to threats of the world. So there's nothing to be worried about. But I respect your opinion. I myself can agree if we look from the perspective of a vegetarian or some cultures. Otherwise I don't agree and hope that you'll soon find out what's going on in those slaughter houses. Because the main threat of the Faroe Islands is the people, who aren't aware of where their own meat comes from.ethel smith5 months ago Sadly I am all too aware of what goes on in some slaughter houses. I try to keep a balanced view but as an animal lover hate cruelty.Hey5 months ago let me make this clear. As I mentioned above, pilot whales aren't killed worse than the other animals. It sounds like the whales are being killed brutally but not as brutally as the other animals... My mistake... The pilot whales are killed in a very humane way. If they weren't, whole nations would be after us. But now, only some people and some organizations are after us. ;-)jason4 months ago hey...so two wrongs make a right?Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites94ethel smithHubPages EliteFrom Kingston-Upon-Hull754 Followers301 HubsJoined 20 months agoRead more hubs by ethel smithContact ethel smithFollow ethel smithSubscribe to ethel smith's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk ethel smith a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsDo you think the use of animals in sports and entertainment should be banned?asked by pankaj3625 16 months ago9 answersAnswer this questionWhat is it with all of these dead fish and birds in the US.? What is killing these animals and why?asked by Dave Mathews 2 days ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsA Humane Method of Killing Animals for Meatby habeeTraining And Conditioning The Fighting Rooster in the Mirrorby Jerilee WeiFred Elwell: Local born Beverley Artistby ethel smithIt was not unusual for a woman to be hanged in 19th century...by viking30515 Methods/ ways of Death Penalty!by shamelabboushDiscover Normandy by Motorhomeby kathy02 Crimes Against Animals ForumTopicRepliesAnyone else read this? It's absolutely disgusting.posted by W. Christopher2Money speaks -"Kill Baby Seals"posted by bonny201025Post a new topicTagsyoutube hubtrail dolphins 21st century animal welfare slaughter Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 2.803 sec)  working