Daily Kos: State of the NationSUBSCRIBE! (or exclude from AdBlock)If you use ad blocking software while viewing Daily Kos, you're getting all the benefits of our site but we're not getting any of the advertisement revenue associated with your visits. This site relies on ad revenue for daily operations: a decrease in the number of ads seen means a decrease in the funding available to run the site, to pay those that work on it, and to create improved site features.We won't stop you from using ad blocking software, but if you do use it we ask you to support Daily Kos another way: by purchasing a site subscription. A subscription is an inexpensive way to support the site that eliminates the advertisements without using ad blocking software.Revenue generated from the subscriptions goes to the Daily Kos fellowship program, providing a steady income for bloggers and allowing them to concentrate full time on expanding the reach and influence of the netroots through a variety of projects.By using ad blocking software, you may be hiding the site ads but you're also reducing the site's primary source of revenue. So if you must use one, please do your part to support the site and the people that bring it to you by purchasing a site subscription today.To exclude Daily Kos from Adblock Plus, in Firefox click Tools > Adblock Plus > click on Add Filter, and copy/paste @@http://*dailykos.com/* to the field, then click Add Filter at the bottom of the window, then OK.Robert Bork's influence over antitrust law by brooklynbadboySun Jan 09, 2011 at 06:58:50 PM PSTWhen President Reagan nominated Judge Robert Bork to the Supreme Court in 1987, a political war began. Judge Bork had been a circuit judge on the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, which could be considered the second most powerful court in the nation. Although he was 60 years old, his influence over ultra-conservative jurisprudence became well known at the time of his nomination. He is one of the founding fathers, so to speak, of originalism. Democrats feared that his confirmation would shift the court so far to the right that it would be decades before balance could be restored. That political war was fought mainly over Judge Bork's stance on Roe vs. Wade, a war which President Reagan lost. Fierce opposition from Democrats like Ted Kennedy and some Republicans like Arlen Specter, led to Bork being rejected by the Senate 58 to 42. Anthony Kennedy was confirmed unanimously in his wake. Judge Bork resigned his seat on the DC Circuit the following year, leaving his colleague on the court Antonin Scalia to carry the battle flag for another time. But Judge Bork's influence didn't fade. He is still held in high esteem by conservative legal scholars over such matters as federalism, original intent, and other matters. But his influence over another body of law is deep, pervasive and is playing out across the nation in ways that will probably be felt for generations.After serving as Solicitor-General for Presidents Nixon and Ford from 1973 to 1977, Bork wrote a book that has had a lasting influence on the American economy. The Antitrust Paradox is Robert Bork's magnum opus. Along with Judge Robert Posner's seminal book Antitrust Law(1976), the influence that Bork's book has had on modern competition law in the conservative era is difficult to overstate. Both men are associated with the so-called Chicago School of neoliberal economics with its heavy emphasis on deregulated markets and the rational choice theory. Conservative legal minds like George Priest at Yale have praised his influence:Virtually all would agree that the Supreme Court, in its change of direction of antitrust law beginning in the late 1970s, drew principally from Judge Bork's book both for guidance and support of its new consumer welfare basis for antitrust doctrine.Liberal legal minds like Zephyr Teachout have written about Bork's influence as well:The spirit of antitrust has been eviscerated over decades by people like Robert Bork, who argued that antitrust had to be about "efficiency," as if efficiency was a nonpolitical, objective idea we all might measure.The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals made Bork's doctrine official in a 1990 ruling in United States vs. Baker Hugues, which was a Clayton Antitrust Act enforcement action brought against Texas oil services company Baker Hughes. That influential ruling solidified the Chicago School's influence over antitrust enforcement by holding:The Supreme Court has adopted a totality-of-the-circumstances approach to the statute, weighing a variety of factors to determine the effects of particular transactions on competition. That the government can establish a prima facie case through evidence on only one factor, market concentration, does not negate the breadth of this analysis. Evidence of market concentration simply provides a convenient starting point for a broader inquiry into future competitiveness...The judge who wrote this opinion? Clarence Thomas, who took Judge Bork's place on the D.C. Circuit after Bork resigned. Thomas was joined in the opinion by Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Justice Sotomayor has used applied Bork reasoning in antitrust cases when she sat on the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals. Elena Kagan has agreed that the Bork/Posner drive to incorporate neoliberal economics into antitrust law is necessary. During her confirmation hearings she said "its clear that antitrust law needs to take account of economic theory and economic understandings."While Justice John Paul Stevens is now considered a liberal champion, his primary, if lesser known, achievement on the court was initiating the embrace of Robert Bork's antitrust reasoning. When President Ford appointed Stevens to the Supreme Court in 1976, replacing traditional antitrust crusader William O. Douglas, he had already spent 20 years as an antitrust lawyer in Chicago. He taught antitrust law at the University of Chicago, where many other Chicago School neoliberals had ensconced themselves. He had been recruited there by the dean of the University of Chicago Law School, Ed Levi. After serving as a Nixon appointment to the 7th Circuit Appellate Court, he came highly recommended to President Ford by now Attorney-General Ed Levi and one other: Ford's Solicitor-General, Robert Bork.Ford appointed Stevens to the Court in 1976. Shortly thereafter, the Court began to take Chicago School ideas seriously, ultimately completely overturning antitrust doctrine in a movement that continues today.It is difficult to overstate Stevens' contribution. At the time of his appointment, the development of antitrust doctrine for four decades had consisted of the continuous expansion of per se rules prohibiting a wide range of practices: price-fixing and territorial restrictions; group boycotts; tying arrangements; predatory pricing; and resale price maintenance, among others.When John Paul Stevens' position on antitrust law is the left-most position, that is clearly indicative of a fundamental transformation of applied law. It happened quickly and the scope and effect of it has been breathtaking. And Robert Bork was right at the center of making it happen.While I don't want to get into heavy legal theory in this piece, I'll try to summarize quickly how Judge Bork's views changed the nature of enforcement of antitrust law and then move to the effects these changes are having on our economy. This is not a scholarly essay, but rather a polemic. My goal in describing how Judge Bork's views affect America is political, not exclusively legal in nature.In a 2007 paper published at Berkeley, antitrust scholars Johnathan Baker and Carl Shapiro get to the heart of the matter:The past forty years have witnessed a remarkable transformation in horizontal merger enforcement in the United States. With no change in the underlying statute, the Clayton Act, the weight given to market concentration by the federal courts and by the federal antitrust agencies has declined dramatically. Instead, increasing weight has been given to three arguments often made by merging firms in their defense: entry, expansion and efficiencies.The primary effect that Judge Bork had on antitrust enforcement is changing the standards by which antitrust actions are brought and decided. The basic point of Judge Bork's book is that the determinative factor of when and how an antitrust action should be decided should be economic rather than political. This is why the factors determining the use antitrust powers are decidedly financial in nature: Are there any barriers to entry? Is the consumer paying higher prices than usual? The fixation on consumer choices and prices, rather than market concentration and number of actors is the basic fundamental difference between modern and classical antitrust enforcement. This is why you have not and will not see a breakup of a major corporation in America today no matter how large or how concentrated its market share. In simpler terms, it does not matter if Wal-Mart is the sole source of food in your county as long there are a wide variety of products, the prices are low and in theory someone else could open up a store. No barrier to entry? Wide variety? Low prices? Monopoly approved.The original spirit of competition law in America, however, was decidedly political. Senator John Sherman of Sherman Antitrust Act fame, put it this way:If we will not endure a king as a political power we should not endure a king over the production, transportation, and sale of any of the necessaries of life.Justice William O. Douglas, writing in a 5-4 dissent in United States vs. Columbia Steel, however, may have put the purpose of antitrust law better than anyone else:"We have here the problem of bigness. Its lesson should by now have been burned into our memory by Brandeis. The Curse of Bigness shows how size can become a menace--both industrial and social. It can be an industrial menace because it creates gross inequalities against existing or putative competitors. It can be a social menace...In final analysis, size in steel is the measure of the power of a handful of men over our economy...The philosophy of the Sherman Act is that it should not exist...Industrial power should be decentralized. It should be scattered into many hands so that the fortunes of the people will not be dependent on the whim or caprice, the political prejudices, the emotional stability of a few self-appointed men...That is the philosophy and the command of the Sherman Act. It is founded on a theory of hostility to the concentration in private hands of power so great that only a government of the people should have it."That isn't an economic argument about consumer prices or market efficiency. Justice Douglas' argument for antitrust law was moral/political and it was not uncommon in his time.The 1950's and 1960's were what might be considered the "golden age" in classical antitrust enforcement. During that era, the use of the Sherman, Clayton, and Robinson-Patman Acts inter alia, were buttressed by the Celler-Kefauver Act. Those bills allowed the Federal Government to aggressively limit mergers, intervene in concentrated markets and combat anti-competitive behavior with the heavy hand of consent decree regulation. While the era did not bring about a great deal of break-ups, the corporations knew there was a tough cop on the beat. The problem with these laws, however, was that they were so broad that they left a great deal of discretion over enforcement to the executive branch and the courts. What would happen if both institutions developed a very different view of "bigness" than John Sherman or Justice Douglas?The "golden age" ended partly because of the tremendous legal influence of Robert Bork. His view of competition law fit neatly with the ascendancy of neoliberal economic thought. New antitrust enforcement guidelines were written by successive conservative administrations, whose members accepted Bork & Posner's thinking on the subject. Antitrust actions declined on both number and scope. The few actions that were brought were on the most obvious price-fixing and the like. Next, lawyers who accepted or in some cases enforced Bork's views were appointed to the district and appellate bench. Even nominally liberal judges appointed by Bill Clinton accepted the economic view of antitrust law and focused their concerns solely on consumer prices, product choice, etc. Mergers that in the 1950's would have completely rejected were approved.You need only look at the recent history of Bank of America since 1980 to see the effects of the lack of meaningful antitrust enforcement. In the first thirty years of the conservative era, Bank of America was allowed by antitrust enforcers to become so gargantuan, that it's failure posed a direct threat to the entire national economy. So huge in fact, that only the government could bail it out as it approached failure in 2008. While Judge Bork and his ilk would likely point to the benefits of "free checking" and "national ATM coverage" to the consumer, classical antitrust enforcers would look at the size and concentration of an entity that large and conclude it's massive size poses an excessive risk to society as a whole. Taxpayers now know costly "the problem of bigness" can be.When one considers the Citizens United ruling within the context of the dominant laissez-faire thinking among antitrust lawyers, it is easy to understand why large corporations have become the dominant institutions in American life. While there was a strong progressive and labor movement in the early part of the 20th Century to act as a counterweight to to the "robber barons" and "trusts," today no such movements exist. Perhaps progressives had thought the laws they worked so hard for, laws expressly designed to curb the size and concentration of corporate power, had largely made monitoring such things no longer imperative. But antitrust law was just a much a fundamental element of economic justice for the middle class as the labor movement. Even in cases where the trust busters failed, the people could see that there were people in government who were on their side, protecting the weak from the strong. But the conservatives planned ahead and planned well. Their victory was so complete, the Bush Administration didn't bother trying to enforce even the relatively lax Bork antitrust rules. And now, things are so far diverted from their original purpose, that Obama Administration's more robust antitrust action is firmly ensconced in Chicago School-style enforcement. Without traditional antitrust laws, or a labor movement, and unlimited corporate spending on elections, who or what will bring balance to the forces corporate power have over the people and their government?In conclusion, I agree with Zepher Teachout:There are also reasons to think an antitrust policy focused on size and power makes good economic sense. Despite economic theorizing, bigger companies are not always more efficient companies. And even if they were, there are important societal efficiencies that go beyond whether individual companies operate cheaply or produce low-cost products. As Bert Foer of the American Antitrust Institute recently testified before Congress, we can choose to use competition policy to help prevent much of the systemic risk that has crippled our economy. By focusing more on size and concentration, we might be able to avoid collapse, unplanned nationalization, and bailouts.To get there, we will either need a new body of competition law, or new teaching to undo the effects of the influential Robert Bork. Permalink  :: Discuss    (5 comments) Open Thread by openthreadSun Jan 09, 2011 at 06:50:02 PM PSTJabber your jibber. Permalink  :: There's more...    (42 comments) A stark reminder by Arjun JaikumarSun Jan 09, 2011 at 05:06:43 PM PSTAs some of you might recall, I was a Contributing Editor at Daily Kos from December 2007 until the spring of 2009, when I left to take a position at the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. I worked there until December 31, and I'm now reinstated as a contributing editor writing for the FP again.I'd meant to write something welcoming myself back and talking about how two years as a Democratic staffer had changed me - no details, but some of the general things I'd learned, how they'd impacted my writing and thought, how they'd affect my future plans and dreams.Instead, like millions of Americans (and certainly every other Democrat in Washington, DC), I find it very difficult to write or even think about anything other than the tragedy in Arizona.DC is a big city, but the world of professional Democrats and progressives (particularly in a specialized field, like online) is pretty small. It's filled with smart, talented, ambitious people who all know each other. And consequently, many I know have a very personal stake in this tragedy."Was so-and-so there? Have you heard from her? I was in New Hampshire with her..."..."I heard from such-and-such and he's fine, in Chicago this weekend actually"...Confusion reigned - she was shot in the head? She's dead? She's not dead? There are how many dead? Including a little girl? How could this happen?Everyone ran pretty much the same emotional gauntlet - shock, fear, panic, vulnerability, bewilderment, rage, a too-early-in-the-day glass of whiskey, and fevered phone calls and emails to anyone who might know anything, mostly trying to confirm the safety of friends.Above all else, it was sadness.Some felt like they knew this would happen eventually, and have been dreading violence against a Democratic figure for much of the last two years. Even as early as Netroots Nation '09, during the heat of the health-care debate and the wild town halls that accompanied it, people would warn you to watch your ass in Pittsburgh, they know where you guys are staying and it only takes one crazy person. But it's impossible to really be mentally prepared for something like this.It was impossible for a staffer not to think something like this could happen to One Of Us eventually - though of course that's a risk for any American. One of Giffords' staffers is gone now, but so are several of her constituents who aren't Congressional staffers. Crazy people with guns can hurt anybody if they happen to be near them.In earlier days, political junkies always speculated on Giffords' future, as she was not only an excellent public servant but almost universally recognized as an exceptional political talent. Governor Giffords, Senator Giffords...maybe, on a wild flight of fancy, the first female President, the first Jewish President? That's the future Democrats used to dream of for her...and now we all just dream for her to be awake again.We were glued to the TV or on the phone for almost the entire day, hours on end - friends would forget to eat, or do errands, or so forth because they didn't want to miss even the slightest bit of news. Finally, at the end of the day, we realized the breaking news was in and there was nothing more we could "do"...so we went out, craving human companionship because maybe a few friends and some whiskey could make you feel less numb for a little while.I think more than a few people my age wondered if this is what the '60s were like all the time. We were that shaken.It both shook and reaffirmed commitment to what we do - it was the starkest reminder that it's difficult to be in public service, that it's dangerous at times, that it really does require courage...and that if people like Gabby Giffords don't do it, someone else will, and we'll be worse off as a nation.And man, some staffers - like Giffords intern Daniel Hernandez and her district director Ron Barber - care so much about their bosses and will go so far to protect them that they honor the entire profession:Using his hand, Hernandez applied pressure to the entry wound on her forehead. He pulled her into his lap, holding her upright against him so she wouldn't choke on her own blood. Giffords was conscious, but quiet.Ron Barber, Giffords' district director, was next to her. Hernandez told a bystander how to apply pressure to one of Barber's wounds.Barber told Hernandez, "Make sure you stay with Gabby. Make sure you help Gabby."That's an intern, on the job five days, who runs into the middle of a danger zone to try and save his boss' life. And a staffer, lying on the ground after being shot, who can only say "make sure you help Gabby". We hear about that, and we're reminded of what heroism and selflessness are really like.So DC is probably like any other place in America at this moment, except because we all live and breathe politics, and everyone knows everyone else, a tragedy befalling a Member of Congress hits very close to home.I loved my time at the DSCC and in Washington. I worked with, and befriended, some brilliant, prodigiously talented and relentlessly industrious people. It was an awfully hard cycle to be a Democrat in DC and nothing worked out quite the way we'd planned - but I learned an incredible amount, worked hard and don't regret taking the job for a minute.Generally speaking, my 21-month sabbatical was great. Yesterday, not so much. But it is the most honest account I can give of what living in DC among political operatives was like. Permalink  :: Discuss    (118 comments) Meatless Mondays and mitigation by Laura ClawsonSun Jan 09, 2011 at 03:00:04 PM PSTHere are a few things that shouldn't be a huge surprise to most Daily Kos readers. Eating meat is terrible for the environment:According to a 2006 United Nations report, livestock accounts for 18 percent of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions. Some of meat's contribution to climate change is intuitive. It's more energy efficient to grow grain and feed it to people than it is to grow grain and turn it into feed that we give to calves until they become adults that we then slaughter to feed to people. Some of the contribution is gross. "Manure lagoons," for instance, is the oddly evocative name for the acres of animal excrement that sit in the sun steaming nitrous oxide into the atmosphere. And some of it would make Bart Simpson chuckle. Cow gas -- interestingly, it's mainly burps, not farts -- is a real player.But the result isn't funny at all: Two researchers at the University of Chicago estimated that switching to a vegan diet would have a bigger impact than trading in your gas guzzler for a Prius (PDF). A study out of Carnegie Mellon University found that the average American would do less for the planet by switching to a totally local diet than by going vegetarian one day a week.Eating meat -- or at least a lot of it -- is also not that good for you:LIMIT CANCER RISK: Hundreds of studies suggest that diets high in fruits and vegetables may reduce cancer risk. Both red and processed meat consumption are associated with colon cancer.REDUCE HEART DISEASE: Recent data from a Harvard University study found that replacing saturated fat-rich foods (for example, meat and full fat dairy) with foods that are rich in polyunsaturated fat (for example, vegetable oils, nuts and seeds) reduces the risk of heart disease by 19%FIGHT DIABETES: Research suggests that higher consumption of red and processed meat increase the risk of type 2 diabetes.CURB OBESITY: People on low-meat or vegetarian diets have significantly lower body weights and body mass indices. A recent study from Imperial College London also found that reducing overall meat consumption canprevent long-term weight gain.Very good reasons for cutting meat out of your diet. Yet only around 3% of the US population follows a vegetarian diet. And I'm hardly here to blame the other 97%, since I'm among them.So yes, I eat meat, and I have no immediate intention of going entirely vegetarian, even in the face of some seriously compelling reasons to do so. But neither do I just want to recklessly say "hell with the environment; hell with poor people around the world." Hence the appeal of things like Meatless Monday or the PB&J Campaign. The idea is reducing the meat in your diet, mitigating climate change and for that matter the health impacts of a meat-filled diet.Basically the idea is that you don't have to go entirely vegetarian to make a difference. Every meal in which you might otherwise have eaten meat and choose not to, you're doing a damn good thing:Greenhouse Gas Emissions: 2.5 PoundsEach time you have a plant-based lunch like a PB&J you'll reduce your carbon footprint by the equivalent of 2.5 pounds of carbon dioxide emissions over an average animal-based lunch like a hamburger, a tuna sandwich, grilled cheese, or chicken nuggets. For dinner you save 2.8 pounds and for breakfast 2.0 pounds of emissions.Those 2.5 pounds of emissions at lunch are about forty percent of the greenhouse gas emissions you'd save driving around for the day in a hybrid instead of a standard sedan.If you have a PB&J instead of a red-meat lunch like a ham sandwich or a hamburger, you shrink your carbon footprint by almost 3.5 pounds of greenhouse gas emissions.Conserve Water: 133 GallonsYou'll conserve water at lunch too! How about 133 gallons of water conserved at lunch versus the average American lunch? To put this in perspective, five PB&Js or other plant-based lunches per month would save more water than switching to a low-flow showerhead. If you're replacing hamburgers, it should take you just three lunches to conserve more water than the low-flow showerhead.Save Land: 24 Square FeetDon't forget the land you save from deforestation, over-grazing, and pesticide and fertilizer pollution: about 24 square feet at lunch.So this is what I've been working on -- as have many other members of the Daily Kos community -- just cutting back. (My own relationship with meat is somewhat complicated by the fact that I have to follow a gluten-free diet. In fact, through my late teens and early 20s I basically didn't eat red meat; I resumed eating it because I thought "if I have to give up pasta and pizza and bread, I have to give myself something back." But now that I've become comfortable with eating gluten free, and there are more pastas and pizzas and breads available that I can eat, I figure it would be irresponsible not to cut back on my meats.)There's no one right way to do this. Everyone faces different challenges and different temptations. The person who eats meat at every meal will probably see it as a huge challenge to go through an entire day without meat. But maybe for that person the answer, at least for starters, is not meatless Monday but meatless breakfasts -- so you ask yourself "can I take the meat out of my breakfast three or four days a week?" Then once you've mastered breakfast, you move to lunch. Actual PB&J once in a while. Maybe egg salad. (Veganism is a worthy but advanced move I will not be tackling here or in my life.) By contrast the person who already eats a low-meat diet will have fewer meals to cut meat out of -- but the value of doing so remains the same per meal.For some people, one of the challenges of planning meatless meals may be the association of vegetarianism with...earnest, healthy food. Bean sprouts. Tofu. Under-seasoning. But it in no way has to be that way. Shoot, a lot of classic Asian tofu dishes contain meat; more to the point, though, tofu can be amazing if you don't try to make it something it's not by pressing it into a hot dog. On the other hand, many classic comfort foods are or can easily be meatless. Grilled cheese (with or without tomato soup). Spaghetti. Pizza. In other words, vegetarian does not have to be healthy or boring. It requires a little more planning if you're accustomed to slapping a piece of meat in a pan and figuring out side dishes while that cooks. But just as when you first became an adult and started cooking for yourself, you'll figure out a few reliable, easy meals and then a few more, and after a little time has passed your meatless meals will be second nature and you'll be escalating from meatless breakfasts to meatless days and then from one day to two or three.I've included a few favorite recipes after the jump, and knowing this community, I'm betting there'll be many more offered in comments. Also check out beach babe in fl's Macca's Meatless Monday series, which offers weekly facts, recipes, and Paul McCartney/Beatles clips. Permalink  :: There's more...    (360 comments) DK4 update and responses to more community concerns by kosSun Jan 09, 2011 at 01:00:04 PM PSTThe beta site is here.My original post on the philosophical underpinnings of DK4 is here.Sardonyx used his Top Comments diary to put together a series on changes at DK4.PDNC gives everyone a great overview of the new tag system.mdsmile notes that on DK4, you have a broader content options to choose from.Nurse Kelley thinks we're not doing enough for community.CommunityWhat is community? It's the ability of like-minded people to gather to discuss or participate in group activities. That's what Daily Kos allows, for (mostly) American progressive. The point I realized this was more than just a political site and a true community was when non-political sub-communities began to organize on the site -- like the gardening folks, the quilt makers, the book groups, meatless Mondays, the Haiti shelter boxes, the pooty crowd, and so on. Sure, their progressive ideals permeate their work, but broadly speaking, their topics aren't political. Daily Kos was never a good place to organize those communities, but they organized anyway. And I've long pined to offer the tools that will allow this community to continue flourishing.DK4 is the culmination of those desires. The Groups functionality will allow our cherished sub-communities to create their own group blogs, modelled after the Daily Kos front page. Everything the Daily Kos editors can do to manage content on the front page of this site, so can group admins. In fact, the front page of DK4 is just a group blog (but one that happens to live on the front page of the site).We expect all our existing sub-communities to make the jump (many are already testing the functionality over at DK4, like OND, Top Comments, and SF Kossacks). We expect even more new ones to emerge given the cool tools.Furthermore, if community is fueled by finding like-minded folks to connect with (and it is), then the tags will provide ample kindling. You interested in finding the best writers focusing on your interests? Follow those tags. You will soon find new writers and new sub-topics that you might've missed in a less robust site (like this one).If there's something that DK4 WON'T lack, it's community.The new site will do X! No it'll do Y!One of the problems of the unknown is that everyone thinks they know what'll happen. For example, the CW among DK4's fiercest critics is that unlimited diaries will encourage people to write shorter, less thoughtful diaries. But others, like thereisnospoon, disagrees, arguing that it'll lead to longer, more thoughtful and well-researched posts.I don't bring this up to discuss the merits of those specific criticism (we'll find out who's right after DK4 has been running for a few months), but to echo a point I made in spoon's diary:You think diarists will not write "serious" stuff, spoon thinks people will ONLY write serious diaries. And I'm supposed to create a structure that makes both of you happy, when you can't even agree on what the new structure does?I'm confident in my ability to build and support community. Few people have done as well as me. I've got two big successful communities under my belt -- which is two more than most people have, and have done so with no real money. (SB Nation got funded AFTER we proved my ability to build community with zero cash.)I know everyone thinks they know best, but you guys don't have access to the data I have. You guys are the players in the field, I'm the coach. You're the musicians in the pit, I'm the conductor. Your vantage point is limited by the fact that you're in the middle of the action. I can view it from the sidelines, with the help of more data than you could imagine. And I have a good intuitive sense of what'll work and what won't work.And I'm also good at pulling the plug on an idea if it fails to get traction, so if something isn't working properly in support of my Four Goals of DK4, then I'll adjust quickly.With hundreds of thousands of regular opinionated users, it's literally impossible for me to craft something that would make everyone happy. Like I say above, people can't even agree on what the new features will do, much less what they should look like. That's why I'd be incapable of doing my job unless I could trust my instincts and experience doing this kind of thing.We've featured an extended open beta for a reason -- to see my theories under some user load. Already, user feedback has led to numerous tweaks to the platform, and more are on the to-do list. I'm happy to modify based on good-faith feedback that makes actual sense. And we've received a ton of that. But the broader structure of the new site is pretty solidly in place -- the tags, the groups, the story stream, etc. At this point, we're tweaking his grand new vision of mine, not redefining it.The new site is like Facebook! No, it's like Twitter!First of all, Facebook and Twitter are two VERY different types of sites. That people think DK4 is like one or the other is pretty much evidence that it's not like either.No one who uses Facebook (or Twitter), and then spends any appreciable time at DK4, would think to compare them to each other. Not even close. Unless the comparison stays at "they are websites".AccessibilityThere's been some concern about accessibility issues and the new site. In a KosAbility diary discussing the issue, Elfling, who is project managing DK4, explained the challenges:Accessibility means different things to many people. To some people, it is the ability to have reader software understand the page. To some people, it is usability over a modem. To some people, it is red-green issues. To some, it is captioning on video and audio content. To some, it is compatibility with alternate style sheets. To some, it is the ability to connect with 15 year old software and hardware. To some, it is the need for large buttons and links to allow them a large enough target area to click. To some, it is the ability to read everything enlarged on a large screen. To some, it is the ability to read everything tiny on a small screen.And meanwhile, the whole of the web expects every site to feel like a 3-D adventure in Wonderland. Web technology as a whole is terrible about accessibility considerations.We have done our best to follow standard guidelines and we have also been soliciting feedback from a wide range of people. We have made changes when people have given persuasive feedback. We're well aware that we have a substantial 50+ demographic.I appreciate your purpose in this diary, and of course I am here collecting suggestions. I also appreciate the many suggestions people make for third party tools that can allow people with special needs to customize their style sheets or otherwise adapt their browser to help them have a better experience.We can't possibly make the layout perfect for everyone. What we can do is to put in the pieces to be as compatible as possible so that people can get the experience they need when they want to use the add-on tools. Most of us will never experience the site via reader software, but it still needs to work for those users who do.In addition, I would point out that RSS feeds are available in the simplest possible layout, which can be helpful for those who need an experience that is as light on formatting as possible.We'll do what we can, of course, but we can't account for every single accessibility issue that everyone may have. But after hearing some of these issues, I decided to try and run this site and DK4 through a couple of online accessibility evaluators. Now this isn't particularly my area of greatest expertise, so if there are better online evaluators or tools we can use to check our code and whatnot, please share them in the comments.The first I used was the Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool. According to this tool, DK4 is more accessible than DK3. So that's good. I also found a tool that checks on colors, given some complaints about the color palette at DK4: AccessColor:AccessColor tests the color contrast and color brightness between the foreground and background of all elements in the DOM to make sure that the contrast is high enough for people with visual impairments.I ran both sites through the tool, and it turns out that while DK3 failed, DK4 passed with flying colors:The AccessColor results show that for this page, both color difference and color brightness meet the recommended standard.(Bolding in the original text.)None of this should be surprising. The firm that designed DK4 is Happy Cog, likely the best design shop in the country. It's certainly among the most decorated, and it has literally written the book on various web design technologies while driving the establishment of web standards (what allows us to see the same thing on differently branded browsers). And key in their design work is meeting all accessibility web standards. Their online magazine also features a great deal of material on accessibility issues. Turns out, accessibility issues have been at the forefront of the development of DK4.The transitionWe're going to have to be down for nearly a day to transition to the new site. That includes dumbing the entire existing database and then slapping it on the new site. Given we host about a half million comments per month (in addition to diaries, recommends, hotlists, etc), and have been around in Scoop format since 2003, well, that's a whole lot of stuff that's being moved over.So rather than do that mid-week, which is what we'd need if we were going for a February 1 transition date, we'll do it the weekend after. So probably start on Friday February 4, and hopefully being officially transitioned by the end of Saturday, February 5. Permalink  :: Discuss    (252 comments) Midday open thread by brooklynbadboySun Jan 09, 2011 at 12:00:04 PM PSTKeep your eye on Rep. Paul Ryan, the new Chairman of the House Budget Committee. The Economist:What should be made of Mr Ryans rhetoric? The charitable interpretation is that he is pursuing a more patient strategy of adhering to the party line until Democrats cave on entitlements, and then he will put tax increases on the table. The less charitable interpretation is that as his prominence in the party has risen, he has morphed from a principled fiscal hawk to an old-school "starve the beast" Republican for whom lower taxes always trump deficit reduction. Deficit hawks earn their feathers by championing balanced budgets even when it crosses its own party's priorities; by that standard, Mr Ryan has work to do.Will he put a real, serious Tea Party Republican budget on the table for a vote? His job has been made much more difficult because of the extension of deficit expanding tax cuts and the expected repeal of healthcare reform. His bill should be interesting to say the least.The Daily News mocks Mayor Bloomberg for successfully combating less than two inches of light snow flurries.House Republicans go to war on "czars" again:Rep. Steve Scalise (R-La.) and 28 other House Republicans introduced legislation to do away with the informal, paid advisers President Obama has employed over the past two years.The legislation, which was introduced in the last Congress but was not allowed to advance under Democratic control, would do away with the 39 czars Obama has employed during his administration.The bill defines a czar as "a head of any task force, council, policy office within the Executive Office of the President, or similar office established by or at the direction of the President" who is appointed to a position that would otherwise require Senate confirmation.The Atlantic reports a significant decline in global spam.Ted Williams had a stroke of luck for a change. God bless him. But for hundreds of thousands of others similarly situated and not so gifted, relying on lightening to strike is the equivalent of no help at all. If private charity were sufficient to help the homeless and distraught, there would be a lot less of them. Only government action can fix the problem of homelessness. And by fix I don't mean slightly less horrible. I mean FIX as in a roof, a coat, and a job.Stars and Stripes reports the Pentagon is searching for a new city to act as headquarters for its newest combatant command, Africa Command. It is a sign of the growing importance of Africa in calculating where the important natural resources are and the competition over who will have control over them in the future. If I had theme music...how about you?A sermon by game designer Jane McGonigal on productivity.PollWhen I walk into a room... all heads turn to notice me, and I like it. 8%236 votes all heads turn to notice me, and I do not like it. 3%104 votes nobody notices me at all, and I like it. 40%1169 votes nobody notices me at all, and I do not like it. 5%147 votes theme music is playing in my head. 6%181 votes there is a fanfare announcing my arrival. 1%34 votes people point and say "that's _____!!!" 1%34 votes people call the cops. 3%106 votes there is a chorus of huzzahs. 2%78 votes there is a chorus of groans. 2%85 votes pie is served. 23%683 votes | 2857 votes     | Vote | Results Permalink  :: Discuss    (114 comments) Justice Scalia's accidental argument for equal rights by Kaili Joy GraySun Jan 09, 2011 at 10:00:04 AM PSTJustice Scalia is known for many things. Advocating for an amendment to the Constitution to protect women from discrimination? Generally not chief among them.But in an interview for the magazine California Lawyer, that's exactly what he did.In 1868, when the 39th Congress was debating and ultimately proposing the 14th Amendment, I don't think anybody would have thought that equal protection applied to sex discrimination, or certainly not to sexual orientation. So does that mean that we've gone off in error by applying the 14th Amendment to both?Yes, yes. Sorry, to tell you that. ... But, you know, if indeed the current society has come to different views, that's fine. You do not need the Constitution to reflect the wishes of the current society. Certainly the Constitution does not require discrimination on the basis of sex. The only issue is whether it prohibits it. It doesn't. Nobody ever thought that that's what it meant. Nobody ever voted for that. If the current society wants to outlaw discrimination by sex, hey we have things called legislatures, and they enact things called laws. You don't need a constitution to keep things up-to-date. All you need is a legislature and a ballot box. You don't like the death penalty anymore, that's fine. You want a right to abortion? There's nothing in the Constitution about that. But that doesn't mean you cannot prohibit it. Persuade your fellow citizens it's a good idea and pass a law. That's what democracy is all about. It's not about nine superannuated judges who have been there too long, imposing these demands on society.The reaction to Justice Scalia's claim that the neither the Constitution, nor the 14th Amendment to it, protect women from discrimination was met with swift and fierce condemnation.An editorial in the New York Times called his view "outlandish."This is not the first time Justice Scalia has espoused this notion, and it generally tracks his jurisprudence in the area. Still, for a sitting member of the nations highest court to be pressing such an antiquated view of womens rights is jarring, to say the least.Amanda Terkel, of Huffington Post, reported that Marcia Greenberger, founder and co-president of the National Women's Law Center, was "shocked" by Justice Scalia's comments."In these comments, Justice Scalia says if Congress wants to protect laws that prohibit sex discrimination, that's up to them," she said. "But what if they want to pass laws that discriminate? Then he says that there's nothing the court will do to protect women from government-sanctioned discrimination against them. And that's a pretty shocking position to take in 2011. It's especially shocking in light of the decades of precedents and the numbers of justices who have agreed that there is protection in the 14th Amendment against sex discrimination, and struck down many, many laws in many, many areas on the basis of that protection."Justice Scalia's words should be shocking to precisely no one. In his decades-long tenure on the nation's highest court, he has repeatedly made clear his "originalist" views of the Constitution. Words can have no meaning or interpretation beyond their original intent. An amendment, such as the 14th, cannot be understood to apply to women, as it did not apply to women at the time of its writing, even though most sentient beings -- as well as a rich history of jurisprudence -- understand that the word "persons" applies to, you know, persons. Men and women persons.Not according to Justice Scalia, though.Now if you give to those many provisions of the Constitution that are necessarily broad -- such as due process of law, cruel and unusual punishments, equal protection of the laws -- if you give them an evolving meaning so that they have whatever meaning the current society thinks they ought to have, they are no limitation on the current society at all. If the cruel and unusual punishments clause simply means that today's society should not do anything that it considers cruel and unusual, it means nothing except, "To thine own self be true."Here's the twist: Justice Scalia's not wrong.The Constitution doesn't protect women from discrimination. For all of our progress and fractured glass ceilings, the only part of the Constitution that recognizes any rights for women is the 19th Amendment, which only protects womens' right to vote. That's it. And that's not much. Even the Constitution of Afghanistan -- you know, that country we bombed liberated, in part, to free the women -- grants more rights to women than our own Constitution: mandated programs to balance and promote women's education and literacy; guaranteed financial rights and privileges for "women without caretakers"; and a requirement that a minimum number of women serve in various branches of the government. While Afghanistan isn't a perfect model of egalitarianism, its founding document, at least, recognizes more rights for women than our singular American right to vote.American suffragists who fought for passage of the 19th Amendment understood at the time that it addressed only one of the many forms of discrimination against women; in order to achieve full equality under the law, the Constitution required further amendment. That's why Alice Paul, one of the leaders of the suffrage movement, also penned the original Equal Rights Amendment. "We shall not be safe," she said, "until the principle of equal rights is written into the framework of our government."The ERA was first proposed in 1923. It was passed by both chambers of Congress in 1972. It was ratified by 35 of the necessary 38 states. (The 15 states that refused? Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Utah, and Virginia.)The text of the ERA is simple:Section 1. Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any state on account of sex.Section 2. The Congress shall have the power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article.Section 3. This amendment shall take effect two years after the date of ratification.One would think such a radical notion -- an amendment to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex -- would not be controversial. For 40 years, even the Republican Party's platform included an endorsement of the ERA. (The conservative uprising in 1980 put an end to that.)A poll conducted by the Opinion Research Corporation in 2001 found:96 percent of Americans believe men and women should have equal rights72 percent of Americans believe the Constitution already specifies equal rights for men and women88 percent of Americans believe the Constitution should specify equal rights for men and womenIf an overwhelming majority of Americans believe the Constitution has already been amended to ensure equal rights for men and women, one would think such an amendment would pass as easily and uncontroversially as a bill to name a post office.That's why it has been re-introduced at the beginning of each new session of Congress for nearly 30 years. It was co-sponsored by our current president and vice president in 2007. It was again re-introduced last Thursday by Reps. Carolyn Maloney, Jerrold Nadler, Gwen Moore, and Sen. Robert Menendez.Usually, re-introduction of the ERA gets a big yawn of dismissal, occasionally coupled with ridicule from the usual suspects, like the ever-vigilant defender of misogyny, Phyllis Schafly. Opponents dismiss the bill as a waste of time and a detraction from the real work of Congress. Besides, the need to amend the Constitution no longer exists. Everyone knows women are entitled to equal rights under the law. Right? Why waste resources righting for an unnecessary Constitutional amendment? Thus, each Congressional session, the bill to re-introduce the ERA fades into obscurity.But this year, maybe, just maybe, things could be different. Thanks to Justice Scalia.At Thursday's press conference, Rep. Moor, co-chair of the Congressional Womens Caucus, said:Its a wake-up call when a sitting Supreme Court Justice says there is no Constitutional protection for women against discrimination. Apparently womens rights are at the whim of the Court and will remain that way without the Equal Rights Amendment.Women's rights organizations, like the National Organization for Women, also saw Justice Scalia's comments as a wake-up call. Terry O'Neill, President of NOW, who joined Congress members on Thursday, said:We are way past due for a constitutional amendment explicitly acknowledging women's rights in the United States...Nothing less will do, as long as sexists like Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia feel completely justified interpreting women's rights as unprotected in the US Constitution.Women's rights are at the whim of the Court. They always have been. It is not the Constitution that has protected women from discrimination. It is merely that, in the past few decades, enough Supreme Court justices have been willing to indulge the radical notion that women are "persons."But, as illustrated by Justice Scalia, that's no guarantee. Women are as much at the mercy of the whims of the Court as they were a century ago -- with the notable exception, of course, of the right to vote. And given this particular Court's clear willingness to overturn long-standing precedent (see, for example, Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission), why shouldn't women all Americans be concerned that the Court could just as easily overturn the century of law that has bestowed upon women certain rights that, as Justice Scalia said, are not protected by the Constitution?Justice Scalia may not have intended to voice support for a Constitutional amendment, but he issued a clear warning to all Americans who believe in women's equality. If we believe -- as, according to polls, the vast majority of us do -- that women should be equal under the law, we must act to enshrine that right. Nothing less than a Constitutional amendment will suffice to guard against an increasingly right-leaning Supreme Court, not to mention a newly minted, virulently anti-woman Congress.The fact is, the Equal Rights Amendment is necessary -- and long overdue. It is time, at long last, for our founding documents to acknowledge, clearly and unequivocally, that women are indeed equal. Permalink  :: Discuss    (181 comments) Call Time by georgia10Sun Jan 09, 2011 at 08:26:33 AM PSTTime rules over us without mercy. Not caring if we're healthy or ill. Hungry or drunk. Russian, American, beings from Mars. It's like a fire, it could either destroy us or it could keep us warmwe live or we die by the clock. We never turn our back on it and we never ever allow ourselves the sin of losing track of time. -- Tom Hanks as Chuck Noland, Cast AwayCandidates are extremely isolated political creatures. The ticker-tape parades and townhall meetings that make the evening news represent a tiny sliver of a candidate's time. In modern politics, the "campaign trail" is a phone line, and the reality tethered to that phone line does not necessarily represent the actual reality lived by the majority of Americans.As Senator Al Franken described, a candidate's time isn't spent "kissing babies or shaking hands or having serious policy debates." It's spent on the phone, raising money.A consultant (who desired to remain anonymous) disclosed the maxim of modern campaigns: "I stress they can never do enough call time. Dialing for money is going to be 80 percent of their role as a candidate." Indeed, on many days and in the hardest fought races, 100% of a candidate's time can be devoted to call time. The candidate-as-telemarketer reality is best explained by looking at campaign finance reports.The notion that federal campaigns can be primarily funded by low-dollar "grassroots" donations is a myth. It's a nice myth, and one that wraps us in the comforting lie that our $5 or $10 or $15 donation may impact the strategic direction of a campaign. Low-dollar donations only matter in the aggregate, when they pool together enough to form a faceless mass of "grassroots donors" who can be bragged about in press releases or whose value is in decreasing the average donation amount (which again, can be bragged about in a press release).High-dollar donors -- those who can afford to give $1000 to $2400 per cycle -- are the sustenance of all campaigns, even those that self-identify as "grassroots" funded. President Obama, for example, raised the bulk of his record-setting amount from high-dollar donors:In the general election, Obama got about 34 percent of his individual donations from small donors, people who gave $200 or less, according to a report from the Campaign Finance Institute. Another 23 percent of donations came from people who gave between $201 and $999, and another 42 percent from people who gave $1,000 or more.John Kerry raised 56% of his 2004 haul from $1000+ donors, and George Bush and John McCain both raised 60% of their warchests from the same donor group. In Senate or House races, candidates rely even more on high dollar donors; it's not unusual for a campaign to take in only 20% or so of its funds from small-dollar donations.Across the political spectrum, no matter how "grassroots" a campaign may seem, campaigns live or die by the checkbooks of the elite. As such, the entire campaign operation is built around courting this elite donor base.Call time is the final step in a laborious research and strategy process that would make a private detective blush. Fleets of interns spend hundreds of hours a week conducting donor research or culling through donor lists. They scour for the mundane -- validating contact info and pulling donation history. Fundraising staff looks for patterns (maxes out to female candidates/big Clinton supporter/supports LGBT causes). A call sheet or donor memo is made that can at times look like an FBI dossier -- from wife's name to how many children to special interests. The premise is simple: to land the big fish, the candidate must be provided the widest assortment of bait.Donor information on the elite is distilled down into that call sheet (a candidate's Bible) and shuffled into the call time room along with hundreds of other call sheets -- names on paper, representing millions of dollars.The call time room is an island in any given campaign. Within its four walls, a candidate will spend nearly all of his or her days on the trail. Its walls are typically littered with a patchwork of finance data and its tables may house the type of personal effects or items aimed at giving the stranded staff and candidate there some semblance of relief from the chore of courting the elite -- snacks, notes from the real campaign trail, photos of family. The chaos of the campaign and the sea of information cultivated by staff laps at the door, but the room itself is typically filled with the alternating sounds of a number being quietly dialed and then the booming voice of the candidate as he or she launches into their pitch.They'll go on and make that same pitch, over and over again for hours at a time. Even victory doesn't spare politicians from call time, though it becomes a much more communal exercise:For many freshmen, most of the fundraising takes place at NRCC and DCCC headquarters. Members describe crowded rooms of metal folding chairs amid cubicles set up to serve as call centers, where the din of fundraising calls makes it hard to think or concentrate...They described days packed with research about potential donors, trips down the block to the boiler-room-style call centers operated by the campaign committees and hours of mind-numbing calls dialed from cramped cubicles...Its sort of like a boiler room, one Frontline House Democrat said. Its a sweatshop.It's a practice that has given rise to an entire sub-industry of finance consultants or staffers whose sole aim is to crunch the numbers and drain every last max-out check from the data. Like a coach tracking an athlete's performance, these individuals analyze the information and compute everything from how many thousands raised per hour/day/week to how much money is lost via a poor connect rate (voicemails). They train the candidate on the pitch, from tone of voice to the critical "ask" (the moment when a candidate begs for money). The ask is extraordinarily humble and civil and can at times be quite elegant, but it is a plea nonetheless. And high-dollar donors know it.It is that plea -- so individualized and backed by hours of time and effort -- which gives the steering of the campaign ship to high-dollar donors rather than grassroots supporters. The elite donor base is fully self-aware of its status as the lifeblood of campaigns, which is why they'll use it to their advantage. They'll throw fits if a candidate uses a phrase they don't like or threaten to withhold support entirely because of a policy position. In other words, they do what we may do with our own low-dollar donations. The difference is that candidates are essentially obligated to listen to them for their political survival.All of this brings us to back to the core issue. The problem with call time isn't the exhaustion of the candidate or the hours worked to eek out a contribution. Politicians cannot complain about the process they willingly embraced through their candidacy. The problem is one of isolation.Within those four walls of the call time room is a reality that doesn't necessarily reflect the reality endured by ordinary Americans. Elite donors often will obsess about the obscure and suddenly, a niche issue becomes all-consuming for a campaign. Not too many of these potential max-out donors spend their time with the candidate bemoaning declining wages or sky-high unemployment. For those who can afford to fork over a $2400 or $4800 check, the economy is doing pretty well. Candidates cast away in call time for most of their political careers are exposed to a one-sided view of the world: the view of the wealthiest among us. For even the most good-hearted, man-of-the-people politician, the pressure to conform to that view can be overwhelming.In every campaign office, there is a phone line a sea apart from the call time room at the front desk. It's in the middle of the busiest part of the campaign, with scores of volunteers hustling in and out. The people who call that line aren't usually able to donate what for them would be weeks' worth of pay to attend a fundraiser. They donate their time, their stories, or their words of encouragement. In an ideal world where campaigns are publicly financed, call time would consist of spending some time on that line. Our campaigns -- and our federal policy -- would benefit from that seachange in our political system. Permalink  :: Discuss    (131 comments) The First Megaton is the Hardest by Mark SumnerSun Jan 09, 2011 at 06:00:03 AM PSTWhen the United States tested nuclear weapons on home turf in the 1950s, it wasn't exactly a top secret operation. In fact, word of the impending test was often listed in newspapers and discussed on the radio. Among the 30,000 residents of the growing little city of Las Vegas, news of an impending test drew the curious up onto their roofs. From there they could look across the sixty miles of desert that separated the town from the buildings, bunkers, towers, and huge expanses of impressively barren ground that made up the Nevada Test Site. Even at such a distance, the blasts were sometimes astonishingly bright, and since several were held in the hours right before dawn, more than one witness was quick to compare the momentary glare of the expanding fireballs to the glow of the rising sun (though the test site was west of Las Vegas, so it would have been a bit hard to actually get the two mixed up). A few seconds after the flare of light, a shivering rumble would pass through the ground. Residents were able to make a fair assessment of the relative strength of the weapons being tested by the way in which their household goods were rattled. They got plenty of practice.Even in 1951, the first year the United States made use of the Nevada Test Site for nuclear weapons, the place was kept extremely busy with an even dozen explosions. Starting at the end of January, five bombs were dropped in a period of just ten days. All of the bombs were exploded in open air, and the largest was a good 25% larger than the weapon that had leveled central Hiroshima. Some observers, unsatisfied with the rooftop view, drove out of town and climbed up into the mountains for a clearer look. 6,500 Army troops, who were marshaled in the desert to conduct maneuvers while observing the blast, got an even better look. By all accounts, it was quite a show.Other than the Trinity blast conducted during the war, these were the first nuclear explosions to be carried out in the United States. Previous tests had mostly taken place in the form of blowing the hell out of leftover World War II ships at rather obscure (at least to Americans) sites in the Pacific. Targets of these blasts included the German heavy cruiser, Prinz Eugen, which had fought alongside the Bismark, the aircraft carrier USS Saratoga which had served as the flagship for the Guadalcanal assault, and the battleship USS Nevada. Nevada had already survived a direct hit from a torpedo and at least six bomb strikes during the Japanese raid on Pearl Harbor. She was the only battleship to get underway during the attack, causing one observer to declare the ship "the only bright spot" in an otherwise dismal morning. It sometimes seemed that the ship was everywhere in the war from the D-Day invasion of Normandy, to the assault on Iwo Jima. However, in 1946 the aging ship was painted rusty red to make it more visible against the sea, and set up as a bomb target off Bikini Atoll, a ring of tiny coral islets near the northwest edge of the Marshall Islands. USS Nevada was placed at ground zero for the first test, but the bomber wasn't perfectly accurate and the ship survived in good order. She was then dragged into place for as second test, and this time ended up only 615 yards from a 23 kiloton explosion. Nevada survived that blast, as well. Several other ships were sunk, even though they were positioned much farther from the blast.Afterwards, the ship was towed back to Pearl Harbor, examined, and used for gunnery practice by the newer battleship, USS Iowa. The Nevada still would not go down. Finally a large aerial torpedo was dropped into the center of the hull, and USS Nevada sank into the waters south of Pearl in July of 1948. One tough ship.Also towed to Bikini Atoll for the tests was the Japanese battleship Nagato. Nagato had been the flagship of Admiral Yamamoto, and it was from her decks he had conducted and observed the attack on Pearl Harbor. Planners took special care with Nagato. Special care consisted of placing the ship near ground zero. She sank immediately, which made for excellent and satisfying newsreel footage.Additional blasts had been planned for Bikini, but one of the tests there was in the form of using an atomic bomb as a kind of very large depth charge. As it turned out, exploding a nuclear weapon underwater not only gave rise to so many odd effects that scientists were kept busy for weeks just pinning names on the assorted strangeness, it also caused most of the radioactive products that would otherwise have dispersed into the air to stay close at hand. The high levels of radiation would eventually force the testers to declare victory and move on to bombing Enewetak Atoll instead (though they'd get back to Bikini within a decade and eventually drop more than twenty bombs, totaling over 75 megatons, on the unlucky islands).With all this excitement offshore, it was no surprise that the movement of US tests into the Nevada desert was big news, especially since a year earlier the Soviet Union had successfully exploded its own nuclear weapon. Following the Soviet bomb, the United States had begun stockpiling nuclear weapons as fast as they could be built, but at this stage each bomb was essentially unique. The Cold War was on, the threat of commies was everywhere, and testing a few bombs to see if this growing stash would actually work seemed like a pretty fair idea at the time. After a break (during which the first thermonuclear weapon was tested in the Marshall Islands) explosions in Nevada resumed for the fall season. Las Vegas observers were once again ready for the flash and rumble, but on the morning of October 22, 1951 those peering off to the northwest in expectation of an announced blast saw... nothing. Some observers watching from closer vantage points in the mountains reported a brief flicker of light, but there was no massive fireball. No shaking of the ground. After awhile, the people climbed down off their roofs and went inside.This test, test Able of Operation Buster-Jangle, was the sixteenth nuclear test conducted by the United States and it achieved something unprecedented. It was the first atomic weapon we ever triggered  so far as we're aware, the first such weapon that anyone tried to set off  that failed.The device wasn't a complete dud. For one thing the bomb contained a good deal of convention high explosives, which went off just fine. It was the sphere of plutonium at the center of the bomb that failed to provide the expected bang. Plutonium weapons are constructed in a manner reminiscent of a evil Tootsie-Pop, where the crunchy shell consists of explosives, timers, and wiring while the not-so-chewy center is a hollow sphere of plutonium. What should happen is that the explosive force presses inward on the plutonium from all sides, momentarily increasing the density, and driving the sphere to become "supercritical." At that point a gram or so of matter is converted into energy, and if you'll remember that the 'C' part of E=MC^2 represents the speed of light, it's not surprising that the amount of energy obtained from a small amount of matter is rather a lot. But in the case of the Buster-Able bomb, something didn't go quite right and the device produce only a partial, relatively weak moment of atomic fission in which the explosive force generated from the reaction was actually less than that of the conventional explosives used. The bomb was a "fizzle," a nuclear blast that failed to produce the expected level of destruction, but which nonetheless kicked out a nice burst of radiation.The reason that the device failed could have been something as simple as a failure of one of the timers on the explosive shell. If all the explosives didn't fire essentially at once, then the pressure applied to the core would be uneven. But the most likely reason that Buster-Able failed to reach criticality is even simpler: it didn't have enough plutonium. Getting enough plutonium or enriched uranium to create bombs was always the big challenge, and as the United States scrambled to produce more weapons it was anxious to get more bang for the processing buck. Weapons were designed to "do more with less" by extracting a larger explosion from a smaller lump of nuclear material. There was also a desire to come up with a "baby nuke," a tactical weapon that could be used on the battlefield. The original "Fat Man" plutonium bomb dropped over Nagasaki weighed more than 10,000 pounds  not exactly handy pocket size.Eventually the US would produce a bomb small enough to be "man portable," with a weight below 50 pounds. There was even a special recoilless rifle created to fire these nuclear "rounds" as if they were oversized bullets. The launcher was capable of firing the round over a mile, which was a good thing. Even though the smallest of these rounds produced an explosion equivalent to only around 10 tons of dynamite (less than 1/1000 the power of the bombs dropped on Japan) the radiation from the resulting blast was almost certainly fatal in a radius of a quarter mile. Whether through simple stinginess or in pursuit of reduced size, the effect of making do with a smaller core is the same. As the lump of plutonium was reduced, the rest of the device had to get better, with improved precision of the conventional explosives and improvements to design. The device tested on October 22, 1951 flunked. Most likely this device was designed by Ted Taylor, who designed not only many of the smallest weapons in the nuclear arsenal but also the largest fission weapon ever tested (he was also part of the team for Project Orion, a secret effort to create a spaceship the size of an skyscraper that was propelled through the release of a stream of small nuclear bombs). It was only after years of working on bomb designs that the lesson of Buster-Able came home to Taylor.The conceptual work behind the development of atomic weapons required rare genius and insight into the implications of experimental results combined with theoretical models that were very new at the time. The Manhattan Project was a massive effort harnessing enormous resources from the government and some of the best minds of the century. Delivering those first bombs to Japan  whether you look on it as an unnecessary horror that took tens of thousands of lives, or as a necessary horror that took tens of thousands of lives  required a supreme effort of both engineering and logistical genius.What Taylor eventually realized was that none of that remained true. The biggest breakthrough in building a nuclear weapon? Knowing it could be done. Having obtained some (though far from all) details of the Fat Man device through spies, the Soviets were able to duplicate the weapon with a fraction of the effort the United States had put into it. And Fat Man was the difficult version. The other bomb America dropped on Japan (code name: Little Boy) was a uranium weapon based on the "gun" design. Basically, the weapon contained two lumps of uranium. When triggered it brought these two lumps quickly together. There are niceties, such as adding mumble-mumblium as an initiator and using a mumble-mumblium case, but really that's all it took. If you weren't concerned about portability, precision, or engineering elegance, you could make an atomic bomb starting with some enhanced uranium, a length of pipe, and enough explosive to fling one piece at the other. How simple is a uranium bomb? So simple that we didn't bother to test one before dropping the first such weapon on Hiroshima.If someone was making a nuclear weapon and wanted to use the bare minimum of material, they have to be pretty good. If they have enough material to get sloppy, then even a bad design is likely to work. With excess plutonium or enriched uranium, the worst you would get from a design made by people with even a modicum of understanding would still be worth noticing. And that pretty well describes what happened with the first explosion in North Korea. On October 9, 2006 North Korea conducted its first test of a nuclear weapon. It had handily announced the test to the world six days in advance, which was good, because otherwise there's some chance we would have missed it. The yield of North Korea's bomb was something less than one kiloton. Exactly how much less isn't clear. It's certainly possible to design a bomb for a yield of that size, as both the US and the Soviets demonstrated several times. However, the size of the North Korean explosion was much smaller than the initial explosions from other countries joining the nuclear club. The device exploded by India was of very simple design, but yielded 12 kilotons. Trying to build a nuclear device designed to produce less than one kiloton as a first effort, would be like starting your diving career by doing a triple somersault  with a double twist.Instead of intentionally building a small device, it's much more likely that the North Koreans intended to explode a weapon with considerably more force. Only it fizzled. Because their bomb didn't contain just the bare minimum amount of plutonium even a fizzle resulted in a far from insignificant explosion. North Korea announced that they were going to conduct additional tests right away, but actually three years passed before they tested a second device in May of 2009. This time the yield was considerably greater  probably somewhere between one kiloton and five kilotons. And even that was probably another fizzle, with a yield far below expectations.But what Ted Taylor had learned was: it didn't matter. Even the worst nuclear bomb was still a horrifying weapon. You don't need good design. You don't need a crowd of geniuses, or even a roomful of geniuses, or even one. In fact, you don't even need a bomb.In 1945, the United States produced a plutonium sphere that was intended for the core of a Fat Man style bomb. About the size of a volleyball, the sphere was absolutely unremarkable in appearance  and incredibly dangerous. On August 21, 1945 physicist Harry Daghlian was conducting a test on the number of neutrons produced by the core, a test that involved surrounding the core with a loose enclose of reflective bricks. While moving the bricks around, Daghlian dropped one onto the core. It wasn't the kind of calculated compression that it took to set off a nuclear blast. It was enough to cause the core to produce an extreme burst of neutrons. Three weeks later, Harry Daghlin was dead from severe radiation sickness. Nine months after that, this same plutonium sphere was still sitting in its box at Los Alamos when physicist Louis Slotin decided to conduct another experiment. He put the plutonium ball into a beryllium bowl, then slowly lowered another bowl over the top. Beryllium reflects neutrons, and if Slotin allowed the two half-spheres to close completely around the plutonium, he knew it would become critical. So he kept the bowls apart  just apart  using the flat blade at the tip of a screwdriver. Doing so allowed measurements of the activity at a just sub-critical state. Slotin had performed this little show several times before, even though others (including Enrico Fermi) had warned him that it was a foolish risk. He should have listened. On that day, the screwdriver slipped, and in the moment before he could fling the top cover away, Slotin was washed by a warm blue light. Nine days later, Slotin died from severe radiation poisoning. Another scientist in the room at the time made it a decade before succumbing to leukemia.What Slotin did was amazingly dangerous, but even though moving quickly to remove the top half of the beryllium cover did nothing to save his own life, it likely saved the lives of many others at the lab. Maybe everyone at the lab. The behavior of the core if it had remained covered is difficult to predict, but it had certainly gone critical the moment the halves of the cover met, and would have sleeted hard radiation for as long as the chain reaction continued. Considering the size of the core, it might even had produced a limited explosion. And that sphere of plutonium had no explosives at all. No timers and wiring. No nothing.When it comes to nuclear weapons, the material is the weapon. When you see the concern expressed over plants that could potentially process nuclear material into a state suitable for making weapons, it may seem that there's a tendency to overreact. Yes that process is the first step in creating a bomb  but it's essentially the only step that counts. Of course, clever engineering can produce a thermonuclear bomb able to deliver staggering levels of damage, but it takes none of that to deliver horror. It takes a man with a heavy ball, staggering through a crowd. A. Q. Kahn, the Pakistani engineer arrested for spreading nuclear secrets, wasn't handing out the blueprints to nuclear bombs. The secret that he brought first to Pakistan (and then to unknown numbers of others) was the form of uranium enrichment he learned while working for Urenco Group, a company that enriches uranium in several countries, including the United States. Learning to make enriched uranium on the cheap in limited space is the golden ticket every nervous dictator or ambitious warlord is seeking.When you think "loose nukes," don't think about some "suitcase bomb" being ferried out of a former Soviet republic by a disgruntled night watchman, or a warhead being brokered off by a cash-starved former general. Think about the material. Anyone who can get the material can make a bomb. The United States has conducted 1,149 nuclear detonations. Only three of those were fizzles. And other than North Korea, every other nation has gotten it right the first time. In fact, so far as we know, they've gotten it right every time.Unless you can keep nuclear material out of the wrong hands, you can't stop the proliferation of nuclear bombs. And that's the crux of the problem. North Korea is one of the poorest countries in the world. The most isolated. No other nation faces such restrictions on trade. It is, by almost any measure, backward, poor, and cut off  a country where starvation and patriotism are frequently considered synonyms. Even so, North Korea managed to obtain or create enough nuclear material to make at least two bombs.If you can't stop the flow of nuclear material you can't stop nuclear proliferation. Unfortunately, you can't stop the flow of nuclear material. Permalink  :: Discuss    (145 comments) Open Thread by openthreadSun Jan 09, 2011 at 05:40:02 AM PSTJabber your jibber. Permalink  :: There's more...    (93 comments) Strictly selective constructionists by Dante AtkinsSun Jan 09, 2011 at 04:00:13 AM PSTPolitical observers and Congressional pages were treated to a curious sight this past week: a public reading of the United States Constitution on the House floor; an homage to the Tea Party activists who desperately want to believe that they have a monopoly on our government's organizing document. The Teahadists have spent the past many months wrapping themselves in it to demonstrate their opposition to things like the Affordable Care Act, or immigration reform, or proof of Obama's citizenship. So it's no surprise that the new Republican majority would take to such a public reading more quickly than Glenn Beck to a Patrick Henry impersonator.Of course, the most sacred document in the United States had to be altered somewhat to leave out all those nasty parts, such as slavery, or the dreaded three-fifths rule, or prohibition. No surprise; for conservatives, after all, a sacred document can be selectively edited to the extent that it does not feel conservative, and not even the Bible is exempt.But conservative interpretation of the constitution isn't supposed to be this selective, is it? Conservative jurists are supposed to offer a literal reading of the Constitution, are they not? They're not supposed to "discover" rights in the Constitution, such as the right to privacy, or the right to a legal and safe abortion that is a subset of that right. But in case anyone thought that such conservatives were consistent in these interpretations, as opposed to abandoning their supposed strict constructionist principles for the sake of political advantage, recent conservative interpretations of the 14th amendment ought to put that quaint notion to rest. Let's get started:Section 1.All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside.This provision guarantees birthright citizenship. It's unequivocally clear: all persons born here and subject to U.S. jurisdiction shall be considered citizens. There doesn't seem to be much room for interpretation: the text is solid. But suddenly, when this provision comes into consideration, conservatives all of a sudden stop being strict constructionists and can't wait to look at legislative intent Exhibit 1: Russell Pearce, the driving force behind this movement in Arizona as well as SB1070. In his view of the 14th amendment as a living, breathing document, the authors didn't intend to have it govern children of undocumented parents--and because intent is the final arbiter when conservatives need it to be, that it accordingly shouldn't. And he's not alone: Republicans in 13 other states agree with him, so this conservative hearkening back toward intent is hardly an isolated phenomenon--as long as it harms brown people.So, conservatives are definitely open to looking past the exact words of the constitution to ensure their private political agenda. But surely, the highest arbiter of conservative jurisprudence, the preeminent Justice Scalia, would never choose to stoop that low?nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.Ah, the so-called equal protection clause. It clearly seems to say that no person shall be denied equal protection of the laws. Gay, straight, man, woman, child, citizen or traveler--every person is guaranteed that the law will treat them equally and that they will have equal access to it. But of course, the actual language of the bill isn't good enough for Justice Scalia: we have to revert to an 1868 mentality to find out how the equal protection clause should be applied. Hint: women and LGBT people, you're not equal:[Question:]In 1868, when the 39th Congress was debating and ultimately proposing the 14th Amendment, I don't think anybody would have thought that equal protection applied to sex discrimination, or certainly not to sexual orientation. So does that mean that we've gone off in error by applying the 14th Amendment to both?[Scalia:] Yes, yes. Sorry, to tell you that. ... But, you know, if indeed the current society has come to different views, that's fine. You do not need the Constitution to reflect the wishes of the current society.Apparently, the actual words on the parchment no longer matter to Justice Scalia. What really matters is whether in 1860's America, women and gay people were considered people, or whether they were subhumans not worth the consideration of something as basic as equal protection.Now, if you're going to be an extremist, that's fine. But at least wow me with your consistency of interpretation. If you're going to say that the right to privacy, or consensual sex between adults, or the right to an abortion, are not in fact in the constitution because they're not spelled out and weren't intended as such when originally written, they that position should be maintained throughout one's entire constitutional jurisprudence. Sadly, conservatives are selectively strict constructionists in this regard. Conservative activists--and activist judges like Scalia--actively want to get back to a strict reading on issues such Griswold or Roe because those rights are nowhere in the constitution. But there's something else that's not in the constitution either: corporate personhood.Corporate personhood was part of no written Supreme Court opinion. It was included in the Court Reporter's summary of an 1886 >decision that did not even hinge around the equal protection clause. And yet, despite the fact that corporate equal protection was not an intended concept in 1868, Justice Scalia still wrote the majority opinion in Citizens United, the case that made corporations even more equal than individuals in terms of their freedom to spend on politics.Conservative constitutional jurisprudence is a hypocritical case of situational ethics. Something to consider next time the new majority has a hankering to read it from the dais. Permalink  :: Discuss    (65 comments) Abbreviated Pundit Round-up by DemFromCTSun Jan 09, 2011 at 03:24:48 AM PSTSunday opinion. And our hearts go out to the families of the victims in the Arizona shooting.Arizona Daily Star:Rep. Gabrielle Giffords sent this guest opinion to the Star Friday outlining her priorities for the 112th Congress.I took the congressional oath of office for a third time this week, and the most important of the 71 words in that oath was my vow to "support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic."These words are especially critical and poignant this year as we commemorate the 10th anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on our country.NY Times:The shooting of Representative Gabrielle Giffords and others at a neighborhood meeting in Arizona on Saturday set off what is likely to be a wrenching debate over anger and violence in American politics...In the hours immediately after the shooting of Ms. Giffords, a Democrat, and others in a supermarket parking lot in Tucson, members of both parties found rare unity in their sorrow. Top Republicans including Speaker John A. Boehner and Gov. Jan Brewer of Arizona quickly condemned the violence."An attack on one who serves is an attack on all who serve," Mr. Boehner said in a statement. "Acts and threats of violence against public officials have no place in our society." Amen to that.Startribune.comThe motives of the shooter remained a mystery as this edition of Opinion Exchange went to press. Early speculation focused on the angry political environment that has plagued Arizona and much of the country, but history cautions that Americans should withhold judgment until all of the facts are in.Amen to that, too.NY Times:The shootings raised questions about potential political motives, and Sheriff Dupnik blamed the toxic political environment in Arizona. There were immediate national reverberations as Democrats denounced the fierce partisan atmosphere in Ms. Giffords district and top Republicans quickly condemned the violence.CNN:The 22-year-old man under arrest in Saturday's massacre in Arizona railed against government "mind control" and illiteracy in online missives and had "kind of a troubled past," as the local sheriff put it."There's reason to believe this individual may have a mental issue," Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik told reporters Saturday night.NPR:The attack on Democratic Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and those who were with her might be the work of "a single nut," said Democratic Rep. Raul Grijalva, whose Arizona district shares Tucson with Giffords' district. But he said the nation must assess the fallout of "an atmosphere where the political discourse is about hate, anger and bitterness."In Washington, lawmakers from both parties were deeply shaken and the House's newly installed Republican leaders postponed Wednesday's scheduled vote to repeal the new health care law. That divisive issue was at the center of the harshest criticisms of Giffords and many other Democrats for the past two years.In other news:Tom Jensen/Public Policy Polling:In 9 of 12 states we've polled Palin's performance would be worst for GOP since 1964 or earlier: http://tinyurl.com/...Tobin Harshaw on sorta reading the Constitution, with a birther outburst from the gallery."Bummer," was the reaction of the conservative blogger Jim Hoft. "After all of the resistance by democrats then this happened." He got little sympathy across the partisan divide, at least from Steve M. at No More Mr. Nice Blog: "So, look, Jim Hoft, Im sorry youre bummed, but youre part of a political movement that welcomes and even embraces conspiracy-mongers .. who in turn embrace head cases like Theresa Cao. Too bad for you if you havent secured the asylum gates and a few of your lunatic fellow travelers show up where theyre not wanted."Kathleen Parker argues to leave Twain alone:While sorting through the perennial lip-pursing tempest about a certain word in Mark Twain's "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" - the "N-word," as we now say it - I turned for inspiration to the master himself."The difference between the almost-right word & the right word is . . . the difference between the lightning bug and the lightning," Twain wrote...The issue here isn't whether the word is good or bad (I personally despise it), but whether one should rewrite another's literary work.The simple answer is, no.Now there's an issue we can all be true conservatives about. Don't touch Twain. Leave it the way it's been.SF Chronicle:Gov. Jerry Brown has told Californians to sit down, fasten their seat belts and brace themselves for the budget proposal he will unveil Monday to address a deficit that could top $28 billion. Last week, he said his proposal may be even more drastic than many anticipate.A "heads up" for California. Permalink  :: Discuss    (67 comments) Sunday Talk - Cry, The Beloved Country by Silly RabbitSat Jan 08, 2011 at 09:30:05 PM PSTDuring eight years under President Bush, conservatives/future teabaggers treated the Constitution like it was just a goddamned piece of paper; ever since President Obama took office, they've come to see it as an object worthy of fetishization.So, after tearfully assuming control of the House this week, Republicans' first order of business was publicly reading the founding document in all its redacted glory  at an estimated cost of $1.1 million.While that may sound like a lot of money (especially in times of such great concern about the deficit), it's worth remembering that freedom isn't free.And neither is running for Congress, which is why Reps. Pete Sessions (R-TX) and Mike Fitzpatrick (R-PA) chose to attend a legally-questionable fundraiser instead of their swearing-in ceremony.But no matter... much like the Constitution itself, the Congressional record is subject to revisions.Silly Rabbit's diary ::  Permalink  :: There's more...    (137 comments) Open Thread and Diary Rescue by Diary RescueSat Jan 08, 2011 at 08:17:37 PM PSTThis evening's Rescue Rangers are jlms qkw, vcmvo2, Purple Priestess, YatPundit, ybruti, and claude, with watercarrier4diogenes as the editorial functionary.The rescued diaries are:Newsie8200 has some Background on "Congress On Your Corner" Events. (claude)mem from Somerville says in Cranktopsy that science ultimately wins against the deniers, doubters and frauds, but "it may not be able to win in the half-life of a blog day." (ybruti)Baracktopian discusses the inequality of prison sentencing within the larger topic of Race and Class in America: The Scottsboro Boys to the Scott Sisters. (Purple Priestess)In a beautifully written diary, MsSpentyouth describes how a chest built by her great-grandfather evokes The touch, the feel, the fabric of our lives. (ybruti)MsSpentyouth illustrates in personal detail the actions needed to support our gains in Speak up about Affordable Care Act in N.C. on Jan. 11. (jlms qkw)WarrenS writes about The Rarest of Them All: A Republican Climate Scientist. (vcmvo2)Facing three years without health insurance, bobatsdi asks What Healthcare? (ybruti)jotter brings his magic wand to High Impact Diaries: January 7, 2010, while carolita has the old Chinese curse in mind in Top Comments 1-8-11  Interesting Times Edition.Enjoy and please promote your own favorite diaries in this open thread (even if you're the author! Here's where that's actually appreciated). And, of course, since it's an open thread, PLAY NICE, OK? 8^) Permalink  :: Discuss    (152 comments) Sheriff Dupnik on shooting of Gabrielle Giffords and violent rhetoric by Barbara MorrillSat Jan 08, 2011 at 06:51:32 PM PSTWith nineteen people shot, six fatally, in the attempted assassination of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik isn't afraid to point the finger at who is culpable: Permalink  :: Discuss    (562 comments) Open Thread by openthreadSat Jan 08, 2011 at 06:36:01 PM PSTJabber your jibber. Permalink  :: There's more...    (105 comments) Sheriff: Shooter in custody, seeking person of interest by Jed LewisonSat Jan 08, 2011 at 05:32:56 PM PSTIn a news conference just now, Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik said there was "reason to believe" that Jared Lee Loughner had a companion with him when he opened fire on Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and eighteen others earlier today. Dupnik said he was not in a position to publicly identify this person, but said that he was a white man in his 50s and that the Sheriff's department has a photograph of the individual and is seeking his apprehension. He did not call the individual a suspect, but rather a person of interest.Sheriff Dupnik said a total of nineteen people were shot, six of whom were killed. Loughner is in the custoday of the Pima County Sheriff's Department at the moment. Dupnik also referenced reports that a suspicious package had been identified at Giffords' Tucson office.Sheriff Dupnik also made a passionate plea for cooler heads to prevail in political debate, decrying the vitriolic tone of some talk radio hosts.When you look at unbalanced people, how they respond to the vitriol that comes out of certain mouths about tearing down the government. The anger, the hatred, the bigotry that goes on in this country is getting to be outrageous. And, unfortunately, Arizona I think has become sort of the Capital. We have become the Mecca for prejudice and bigotry.Dupnik later added that such "vitriol might be free speech, but it's not without consequences." Permalink  :: Discuss    (525 comments) Some words the President might choose... by Meteor BladesSat Jan 08, 2011 at 04:50:05 PM PSTOne would hope that there would be a few days given over to mourning for the dead and public good wishes for the full recovery of the injured in the aftermath of the Tucson shooting this morning. But since we live in a Twitter and Facebook and Instant Messaging world, such hope no longer gets a chance. Efforts to set the narrative are already fully under way.Those whose violent, eliminationist rhetoric has polluted the air waves and other media for the past couple of decades, ramping itself up a little more each year, especially with the arrival of an African American in the White House, are, of course, denying that the shootings of a Congresswoman, a judge, a child and bystanders on a street corner in Arizona have anything to do with their savage words. No surprise. One thing they're good at is refusing to accept any responsibility for the consequences of this murderous talk, whether it's Timothy McVeigh blowing up a federal building or Scott Roeder assassinating a doctor.There needs to be a proper counter to this denial. President Obama could help us in this regard. Former civil rights attorney and president of The Sierra Club Foundation Guy Saperstein offers an introduction for the President to take when he fully addresses what happened in Tucson:My fellow Americans. It is easy to condemn violence, but condemning violence is not enough. We need to try to understand violence and what provokes it. This tragedy in Arizona should not be viewed as a random, isolated, or even an unpredictable, act. It is the inevitable consequence of a culture of violence and the rhetoric of violence. When political opponents are demonized and political disagreement is discussed in terms more appropriate to war, unstable individuals like [the Arizona shooter] are encouraged to act in violent ways. When political opponents, like Sarah Palin, use gunsights and "targets" to identify politicians they disagree with, they must be held morally responsible for the violence such over-heated rhetoric causes.What we're going to be saturated with for the next week or so are the inevitable false equivalencies. We'll hear, for instance, how there are "nuts on both sides." Undeniably true. But there is no ubiquitous liberal - much less, left-wing - network of talk-radio stations spouting Two Minutes' Hate 24/7. The collective voice of the right wing on radio and the Internet with its coded and uncoded calls to violence, of "2nd Amendment remedies," of cross hairs superimposed on states and on individuals simply has no visible counterpart on the left. When the right discusses the violent left, it must seek overseas examples or something from decades ago in America's past.Michael Savage bleating on Savage Nation radio, says: "Only vigilance and resistance to this baby dictator, Barack Hussein Obama, can prevent the Khmer Rouge from appearing in this country." Erick Ericksson at Red State says: "At what point do the people ... march down to their state legislator's house, pull him outside, and beat him to a bloody pulp?" No matter how it tries, the right cannot divorce itself from the pustulence of its violent rhetoric no matter how many times its practitioners say "not me, not me" after people are murdered for taking these vile imprecations to heart. A few crocodile tears from Glenn Beck won't cut it. Permalink  :: Discuss    (527 comments)  :: Next 18Hate ads? Subscribe.On Mothertalkers:Sunday Open ThreadSaturday Open ThreadMidday Coffee BreakLive Blog Chat With Max GoldbergFriday Open ThreadOn Street Prophets:Vigil --  Our WordsThe Camp Grant MassacreSunday Coffee All Day: Somber BirthdayVigil for GabyHave We Gone Mad?On Congress Matters:Today in CongressSenate rules reform gains more momentumSHOCK! Fox immediately lies about Senate rules reformToday in CongressUdall, Harkin, Merkley introduce a rules reform proposalMenu Home DiariesDKosopedia Search Create accountLoginLose Your Password?About About Advertising Contact Us Daily Kos Store FAQ CandidatesRecommended DiariesThank You Senator Harry Reidby Eddie C79 commentsUpdate on Tucson by Desert Rose384 commentsThe cause that brought Judge John Roll to his deathby Seneca Doane70 commentsPatricia Maisch, 61, named as heroby MsLibrarian117 commentsMy Apologies to This Site, The Victims, and Rep. Gabrielle Giffordsby BoyBlue644 commentsThe Hero of Yesterday? Turns Out He's Gay.by Clarknt67559 commentsWikileaks Informationthread 32 : DOJ Has Our Infoby cedar park56 commentsVery Good News from the Deep Gulf of Mexicoby FishOutofWater28 commentsRecent DiariesAll TagsSick of Guns Rant by AndyT1 commentThis Is Just Wrongby disrael1 commentChristina was 9 years oldby third Party please2 commentsTeabaggers Attack EPA Powers To Protect Our Healthby Patriot Daily News Clearinghouse7 commentsNSA Modules: Ensuring Interception Platforms Properly...by Laptia1 commentTop Comments 1/9/11 - Tears in Tucsonby emeraldmaiden11 commentsA Different Assassination Attempt Many Years Agoby Mets1023 commentsN. Hampshire Now Batshit Crazy: Weapons Allowed in Legislatureby jpmassar11 commentsPlease. Don't politicize this catastrophe.by TomorrowsProgressives55 commentsObama London Blog Tracks Palin FBby Krush31 commentsMy mother broke her hip yesterdayby Demi Moaned11 commentsHistory for Kossacks: Martin Van Buren  The White...by Unitary Moonbat12 commentsPique the Geek 20110109: Bourbon or Tennessee Whiskey?by Translator41 commentsVery Good News from the Deep Gulf of Mexicoby FishOutofWater28 commentsChilling ad feeder failby On Puget Sound18 commentsA More Ancient World: Sky Islands and Desert Seas Revisitedby matching mole14 commentsThe cause that brought Judge John Roll to his deathby Seneca Doane70 commentsGiffords, Public Health and Arizonaby niccolo caldararo1 commentThank You Senator Harry Reidby Eddie C79 commentsWikileaks Informationthread 32 : DOJ Has Our Infoby cedar park56 commentsThe Word and our words (A Meditation on the AZ Shootings)by ericfolkerth13 commentsBrothers & Sisters - When Words Failby brothers and sisters at dailykos137 comments Polar shift or scalar warfare: what is interfering with bird ...by muckracker133 commentsPatricia Maisch, 61, named as heroby MsLibrarian117 commentsEscalating the Scaryby UnaSpenser45 commentsHumanity displayed.by ChiTownDenny13 commentsWas Appointing Jan Napolitano to DHS a mistake?by takeiteasy78 commentsTucson False Equivalency: FOX Gives Credence to White...by nailbender29 commentsWAYWO: The Continentalby Frankenoid62 commentsAnother Wounded Warrior to be Deployed Forcibly in 12 Hours,...by Ralph Lopez17 commentsRecent Diary ListDailyKos FeedsBlogrollOther Kos SitesCongress MattersDaily Kos TVMother TalkersSports BlogsStreet ProphetsTwitter: @markosKos BlogfatherMyDDKos AlumniSteve Gilliard (RIP)Jed ReportSteve SotoSwing State ProjectTime to Pull the PlugBlogrollAlbany Project (NY)America BlogAtriosBalloon JuiceBarefoot and Progressive (KY)Beyond ChronBlue Hampshire (NH)Blue NC (NC)Buckeye State Blog (OH)Burnt Orange Report (TX)Calitics (CA)Juan ColeCrooks and LiarsBrad DeLongDigbyFiredoglakeFive Thirty EightFLA Politics (FL)Glenn GreenwaldHuffington PostIraq Casualty ListJack and Jill PoliticsJesus' GeneralLawyers, Guns, and MoneyLefty Blogs (local blogs)Mudflats (Alaska)NeedlenoseOliver WillisOpen LeftPandagonPolitical WireSanctuaryShow Me Progress (MO)Talk LeftTalking Points MemoTom TomorrowJames WolcottDems and AlliesePluribusMediaKicking Ass (DNC)The Stakeholder (DCCC)NDN Blog10 Random User Blogroll Links (changed daily)FLA PoliticsThe CaucusMcClatchyPoliticoWar and PieceSlate MagazineObsidian WingsAtriosThe NationK-Drum Daily Kos homepage Kos Media, LLCSite content may be used for any purpose withoutexplicit permission unless otherwise specified."Kos" and "Daily Kos" are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLCPrivacy PolicyPowered by Scoop.