Sri Lanka Guardian - powered by FeedBurner&Sri Lanka Guardiansyndicated content powered by FeedBurner...Reset this favorite; show all Subscribe optionsSubscribe Now!...with web-based news readers. Click your choice below:...with other readers:(Choose Your Reader)FeedDemonNetNewsWireNewsFireNewsGator Outlook EditionRSSOwlShrookUniversal Subscription Mechanism (USM) View Feed XMLFeedBurner makes it easy to receive content updates in My Yahoo!, Newsgator, Bloglines, and other news readers.Learn more about syndication and FeedBurner...Current Feed ContentJudge dodging investigation must quitPosted: Wed, 19 Jan 2011 15:39:00 +0000Action vs. Reaction[ CORRUPTION ----- ANTI- CORRUPTION ]Former CJ K.G. Balakrishnan and the President of the All India Congress  Sonia Gandhi - File PhotoThe resolution passed by the High Court Advocates' Association casts a binding obligation upon the Government of India to act upon it. It also creates a moral obligation upon similar entities in the country to ensure that the suspected judge does not further damage the already poor public perception about state institutions in India. The integrity of institutions is only good to the extent of trustworthiness of the persons who leads them. Related articles:01. Stop talking and start acting 02. "We must be more than a giant election machine"03. Is Justice Balakrishnan holding a devil's brief?04. Judicial transparency is not an act of charity(January 19, Hong Kong- Kerala, Sri Lanka Guardian) The Kerala High Court Advocates' Association, in an extraordinary general body meeting held yesterday, resolved to request the Ministry of Law and Justice, Government of India to undertake an investigation about the charges of corruption alleged against the former Chief Justice of India, Mr. K. G. Balakrishnan and the members of his family. The resolution also calls upon the former judge to resign from his present job as the Chairperson of the National Human Rights Commission of India (NHRC) and to face an independent investigation. Out of the estimated 300 lawyers who participated in the debate concerning the resolution, about 275 lawyers voted in favour and 20 lawyers voted against the resolution.That the resolution, the first of its kind in the legal history of India, is by the 'home Bar' of the former judge is significant. The fact that it is from this Bar that Balakrishnan was called upon to serve as a judge at the Kerala High Court, and it is in the same Bar where his relatives who are suspected of corruption are currently practicing adds weight to the decision by the Association. Balakrishnan is yet to publically respond to the resolution.The resolution reiterates public opinions already expressed by persons from various quarters concerning the issue. Senior politicians including present and past ministers, lawyers, academics, journalists and judges have repeatedly demanded the resignation of the former judge from his present position as the Chairperson of the NHRC. It is not a matter of sheer liberal morality or embarrassment that obligates the former judge to step down from the constitutional office he continues to occupy, despite tenable and thus serious, allegations of corruption. On the contrary, the ouster of the suspected judge from his present office is a legal and practical necessity to undertake an independent investigation into the allegations levelled against him and the members of his family. The Advocate General of Kerala had ordered the judge's brother, a special prosecutor in the state who is also suspected to be involved in corruption, to go on leave until the investigation in the case is over. It might be worth mentioning here that the accused judge's sister-in-law, a former judge in the subordinate judiciary and the wife of the prosecutor who is now asked to go on leave, also had lost office in the past after being caught red-handed, twice, accepting bribes. It is alleged that the former Chief Justice, who was at the time a High Court judge intervened in the case misusing his privileges and influence as a judge thereby successfully preventing a criminal case being registered against his sister-in-law.The allegations of corruption have caused a serious dent upon the already poor image of the country's judiciary. The continuing impunity enjoyed by the accused judge and his relatives is serious enough an affair to further demoralise not just the judiciary, but the entire legal community in the country and also the general public. Having a judge with seriously suspected credentials at the helm of affairs of a national institution like the NHRC trivialises the mandate of the NHRC. This in many ways augment views expressed by a relatively small number of senior bureaucrats and police officers who are antagonistic to the mandate of the human rights commissions (state and national), that these are institutions created and existing merely to serve the interests of judges once they retire from service, from the High Court or the Supreme Court. Reports and interventions made by the NHRC, as long as Balakrishnan remains as its Chairperson, will face serious challenges as to its truthfulness. The circumstances, no doubt, will certainly affect, if not already, the performance of the Chairperson while discharging his duties. This is an unacceptable scenario.The resolution passed by the High Court Advocates' Association casts a binding obligation upon the Government of India to act upon it. It also creates a moral obligation upon similar entities in the country to ensure that the suspected judge does not further damage the already poor public perception about state institutions in India. The integrity of institutions is only good to the extent of trustworthiness of the persons who leads them.  Mr. Balakrishnan's case is not just about a tainted judge or about the suspected illegal wealth his family might have amassed misusing nothing less than the country's judiciary. The issues at debate concern the quintessence of the perception of justice in the country. Any act that would help to preserve the last figments of public confidence in the country's justice institutions must be welcomed during these hours of hardship. In that, Balakrishnan would do a favour to the country and to its people should he resign from the office of the Chairperson of the NHRC and face investigation like any honourable citizen.The copy of the letter issued to the Secretary of the Kerala High Court Advocates' Association requesting permission to move the resolution and the copy of the resolution passed by the Association is pasted below for your information.Date: 12-01-2011To,The Secretary,Kerala High Court Advocates AssociationSir,We, the undersigned members, propose to move the following resolution for consideration of the general body and to discuss the same.  This has been necessitated due to the alarming allegations of corruption brought to light from different quarters against the Former Chief Justice of India, Sri. K. G. Balakrishnan and against his close relatives, who have amassed wealth disproportionate of their known sources of income.---------(Signed)Mr. Saied AlikuttyAdvocate and 107 other lawyers----------------------Resolution as passed by the Kerala High Court Advocates Association on 18-01-2011RESOLUTIONWe, the members of the Kerala High Court Advocates Association, express our deep concern shock and anguish over the alarming allegations of corruption brought out from different sources against Sri. K. G. Balakrishnan, the Former Chief Justice of India and his close relatives, who have allegedly amassed wealth disproportionate to their known sources of income.  We appeal to the Ministry of Law and Justice, Government of India to order a detailed probe into the allegations by an independent investigating agency like the Central Bureau of Investigation and further probe by the Directorate of Enforcement and the Department of Income Tax.We further appeal to Mr. K. G. Balakrishnan to demit the office of the Chairman of the National Human Rights Commission, to uphold the dignity, integrity, and the decorum of the legal profession and judiciary, until he is exonerated of all the charges after an investigation.------------(Signed)1. Secretary - Kerala High Court Advocates' Association2. President - Kerala High Court Advocates' Association( Above statement issued by the Asian Human Rights Commission is a regional non-governmental organisation that monitors human rights in Asia, documents violations and advocates for justice and institutional reform to ensure the protection and promotion of these rights. The Hong Kong-based group was founded in 1984.)US & CHINA: FRIENDS OR FOES?Posted: Wed, 19 Jan 2011 04:25:00 +0000by B.Raman(January 19, Chennai, Sri Lanka Guardian) China has emerged as a leading economic power next only in importance to the US. It is seeking to achieve a military capability commensurate with its economic strength, but its military capability cannot equal that of the US for many years to come. The US has no reason to fear China's growing military strength. Both can have their space in the Pacific without threatening each other. Hopes of  a greater sense of realism and  a greater comfort level between the two countries after Barack Obama assumed office in January 2009 have been belied. The expectations created after Obama's visit to China in November 2009  have remained unfulfilled. The time has come for mid-course corrections in their policies towards each other by the two countries. President Obama and Chinese President Hu Jintao should address this question during their talks in Washington DC.These are broadly the themes voiced by governmental and non-governmental personalities in China as Hu started his current bilateral visit to the US on January 18---- his second  since he took over as the Chinese President. The first was in April 2006, when George Bush was the US President.The disquiet  in the Chinese mind over the way the relations have evolved under Obama is evident from an editorial titled " Sino-US relationship must be better defined" carried by the Communist Party-controlled "Global Times" on January 18, the day Hu arrived in Washington to be welcomed at the Andrews Air Force base by Vice-President Joe Biden. His only engagement on the day of his arrival was a private dinner with Obama. The State visit starts  on January 19.The "Global Times" wrote : "As the two most powerful countries in the world, China and the US should clarify their relationship, and lay speculations to rest. It is not easy to give this bilateral relationship a clear definition, but perhaps they can start from what it is not. The US has been running the table on how to position Sino-US relations. Former President Bill Clinton declared it a constructive strategic partnership. But it has retreated from those heady days. The word "partnership" is still mentioned, but no longer recorded in official documents, replaced by terms such as "constructive cooperation" or "stakeholders." It shows the US' misgivings in taking China as a friend. But is China a foe of the US? US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates openly stated that China is not a potential enemy of the US. Attempts to drive a wedge between the two countries have not gained traction in the US and the West. President Hu's visit will be placed under a global microscope. It is good timing for Washington to declare that China and the US are not enemies today, and will not be in the future. This clarification will remove many uncertainties that may jeopardize global stability."As Hu arrived, comments from US officials would not have been very encouraging for the Chinese. The emphasis was not on  a strategic partnership, but on achieving a "workable" relationship.A curtain-raiser  commentary on the visit by the Agence France Presse (AFP) said:"The White House has minutely planned the visit, with top members of Obama's national security team, frankly laying out areas of disagreement - though also stressing the vital nature of workable relations to America's future. Washington has also made clear it wants to talk to China about moderating its ally North Korea's belligerence, and officials said they believe their pressure on Beijing on the issue might be beginning to show results. On Tuesday, the White House was forced to defend the decision to offer a state visit to Hu, despite the fact that the two sides appear to be as far apart as ever on crucial human rights questions. "We will continue to have difficult conversations, but necessary conversations that have to be had with China and we'll do that again tomorrow," White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters. "In order to make progress on certain issues you've seen the two countries work together, despite, again, continuing to have differences on things like continued economic growth and human rights."The remarks of Hillary Clinton, the US Secretary of State, on the relations between China and the US made last week would not have been music to the ears of the Chinese. She was quoted as saying: "This is not a relationship that fits neatly into the black and white categories like friend or rival.We are two complex nations with very different histories, with profoundly difficult political systems and outlooks."The call for a re-definition of the relationship to restore its importance in the US foreign policy making  has  come not only from Chinese analysts and sections of the Chinese media such as the "Global Times". It has also come from  former US policy-makers such as  Zbigniew  Brzezinski , former National Security Adviser, and Henry Kissinger, former National Security Adviser and Secretary of State. The Chinese have been highlighting with considerable nostalgie that Hu's visit coincides with the 40 th anniversary of the first secret visit of Kissinger to China in July 1971, which set the ball rolling for a rappochement between the US and China which benefitted the US greatly in its cold war with the USSR.The Chinese have also been recalling wistfully a reported remark of Kissinger during one of his visits to China that all US Presidents understand the importance of China, but do not have a proper understanding of China  when they come to office.The Chinese are hoping that the definite downward slide in the US-China relations during 2010 was only due to the inadequate understanding of   China by Obama and that as result of the current talks with Hu,  inadequacies in understanding will be removed and 2011 will see  a turn for the better  in the bilateral relations.Beijing does not seem to understand that whatever be the warm words used by Obama and others during his visit to Washington, the question mark over China has become even bigger in the eyes of the Americans due to their assertiveness in the South and East China Seas, their unwillingness to pressure  North Korea to behave, their accelerated military-build-up and the growing signs of the increasing role of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) in external policy making---particularly with regard to relations with the US.The Chinese action in  holding the first test flight of their stealth aircraft when Robert Gates, the US Defence Secretary, was on a visit to Beijing from January 9 to 12 to improve military-military relations has added to the concerns of the US regarding China's real military intentions. It has been seen as a blatant Chinese attempt to flaunt their growing military might when Gates was in Beijing.This was an extremely insensitive action on their part which has made the Americans ask themselves even more intensely than in the past: Is China a friend or foe?Hu wants to reassure the Americans that whatever it might or might not do, China is a friend of the US. Will he be able to carry conviction? ( The writer is Additional Secretary (retd), Cabinet Secretariat, Govt. of India, New Delhi, and, presently, Director, Institute For Topical Studies, Chennai, and Associate of the Chennai Centre For China Studies. E-mail: seventyone2@gmail.com )Survivor of cross fire exposed the art  of extrajudicial killingPosted: Wed, 19 Jan 2011 01:57:00 +0000by William GomesSri Lanka Guardian Correspondent in Dhaka, Bangladesh Shyamol Bepariwho died on so called cross fire photograph by William Gomes for Sri Lanka Guardian(January 19, Dhaka,Sri Lanka Guardian )The extrajudicial killings by the law enforcement agency is increasing each and everyday in Bangladesh . Almost everyday its easy to find out a news of cross firein newspapers saying  arms recovered the criminal killed in so called cross fire  some law enforcer are injured.      Only in the years 2010, 127 people had fallen victim to extra-judicial killings among whom 101 had been killed in so called  'cross-fire' with the law enforcers.Everyday  the preplanned cool minded murder in the name of cross fire  is going on  by the law enforcers while none of them were brought under law.In absence of proper enforcement of law and lack of the political will of governments the perpetrators of extrajudicial killings are getting impunity and innocent people are loosing hope in the judiciary and rule of law.Police in execution  :  A young worker 'Shyamol Bepary', 25, was killed and a teenage boy ' Asif Anik', 17,  was injured in so called crossfirewith police  at West Rampura in the city in the early hours of January 15th .A police patrol team spotted a gang as it gathered at Balurmath area of west Rampura  near the Mahanagar Project at around 2:00am to commit a crime,said Rampura police sub-inspector Swadhin Chandra Talukder.The shootout occurred when the police team challenged them, the gang opened fire on the law-enforcers, prompting the latter to fire back, the Rampura police said.At one stage the miscreants fled the scene leaving the two injured. After the gunfight, the patrol team found Shyamal and Anik lying in a pool of blood on the spot with bullet wounds, they added.Shyamol Bepari, 25, and Asif Anik, 17, were admitted to Dhaka Medical College Hospital (DMCH) where Shyamol died around 8:00am. Later Anik was shifted to National Institute of Traumatology, Orthopaedics and Rehabilitation (Pongu Hospital) around noon.The discriptions of the events leading to the so called crossfire given by the Rampura police differed a lot from a press release on of  Dhaka Metropolitan Police on the issue.     Rampura police said when the police team challenged them, the gang opened fire on the law-enforcers, prompting the latter to fire back.Both the injured were taken to Dhaka Medical College Hospital, where Shyamal succumbed to his injuries at 9:00am.Dhaka Metropolitan Police in a press release said, a police team along with two detainees named Shyamal and Anik went on an operation against a group of miscreants at Balurmath near the Mahanagor Project at about 1:45am on Januray 15th .As the team approached the spot, the miscreants opened fire on the police in an effort to take away their detained accomplishes, triggering a gunfight that left both the detainees wounded on the spot, the DMP press relase said.Art of Killing : Cross Fire  :On 17th January admitted on National Institute of Traumatology and Orthopaedic Rehabilitation Anik told the Srilanka Guradian that I was picked up by plainclothesmen on Janurary 14th  on my  way back home from the Jumma prayer.Anik told the Srilanka Guradian that the plainclothesmen took me around different places in the city and then  to the police station blindfolded,Aniks family said to the Srilanka Guradian  that to the police demanded Tk 1 lakh from us for his release.The police however denied the allegation.Anik told the Srilanka Guardin from other place police arrested two other young man one of them was Shymal ,they police took us towards Balurmath near the Mahanagor Project in a micro at around 2am on januray15thThe police asked me to give arms otherwise will kill you , the police asked Shymal the same and we replied we don't have any arms ,then police fired on air two times and then fired on my right leg and on shaymals siad AnikThe police left us there for half an hour we were fight with life and death we beg them for life but they did not hear our prayers for life ,in one stage I got senlsess when I weakup I findout in hospital bed added AnikWhile receiving Shyamals body from the DMCH morgue, his elder brother Khayrul Bapary told Srilanka Guardian  that Shyamal was picked up by plainclothesmen from East Rampura at about 7:00pm on Januray 14thKhyrul said my brother was killed by the police ,we want justiceHuman Rights Activist Mehedi Hasan Said This is cool minded murder by the police officials. According to Universal Declaration of Human Rights Everyone has the right to life, liberty and security of personand No one shall be held in slavery or servitude; slavery and the slave trade shall be prohibited in all their forms.But here we have found that the police killed the innocent young man ,its a clear breach of Right to life which is a fundamental rights stated in our constitution and its a breach on international standard of Human Rights.He said with this so called  cross fire the number become 259 since the Awami League-led alliance came to office, although the AL in its election manifesto had promised to put an end to extrajudicial killings. With out political willingness and total reformation of criminal justice system the extrajudicial killings will never come to an end.( William Gomes is our correspondent in Dhaka, Bangladesh. He can be reached at william@srilankaguardian.org )Rajarata chronic kidney disease: Unidentified etiologyPosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 22:49:00 +0000by Nalin de Silva(January 19, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) We at the Chinthana Parshadaya became interested in the Rajarata chronic kidney disease unidentified etiology (RCKDunet) about four years ago, as we were worried about the patients and also due to the spread of the disease in the so-called border villages in the Rajarata. Of course, today thanks to the President and the heroic soldiers there are no border villages though the NGO and other pundits who used these terms still occupy the centre of the intellectual landscape thanks to the hegemony of the western Christian modernity. These pseudo intellectuals who are nothing but imitators who have not produced a single new concept or a theory have to be sent to the boundary from the centre, and I can see that the writing is on the wall even if they do not realise it.The western medicine men in the Chinthana Parshadaya first suspected cynobacteria but it was found that it was not present in sufficient concentrations. The Chinthana Parshadaya did not have sufficient funds nor laboratory facilities to continue with the work and we had to be mere observers or rather receivers of information from those who were actively involved with the "research" connected with RCKDunet. However, recently some of us promoted ourselves from being passive observers to active "researchers" and formed a group in the Faculty of Science, University of Kelaniya under my leadership. Though I am not a western biologist, a western medicine man, not even a western Mathematician or a Physicist, by virtue of being the Dean of the Faculty I have been invited to be the leader of the group. There are western Biologists, Chemists, western medical practitioners (from other universities) and a western Mathematician (for Mathematical modelling) in the group and we have already obtained some preliminary results that are not in agreement with results already published by others.As the terms unidentified etiology imply the causes of the RCKDunet are unknown to western medicine. Though diabetic patients and those with high blood pressure could end up as chronic kidney patients, Rajarata patients do not suffer from these ailments in general. The unidentified causes have to be identified, and we as a group are not merely interested in the identification of the causes alone as we would like to find a cure for this chronic kidney disease from which our innocent poor people in the Rajarata or Vev Bandi Rajya suffer. Our work is multidisciplinary in the true sense of the word and we will come out with more details as we proceed. At present it would be sufficient to say that we are somewhat different from other groups involved in western science.Our approach is holistic, and we do not separate the sources of water from the environment and confine ourselves to an analysis of water found in wells and Vevas in the region. The Vevas of the Sinhalas are not mere tanks or reservoirs and we have a good knowledge of the Vevas from writings of late Mr. Mudiyanse Tennakone in the Divaina about twenty five years ago. Since then we have accumulated knowledge from other sources, Oh! Not from western sources, and we know the involvement of the Nagas in the construction of the Vevas. The Naga symbols found at the Vevas not only indicate the fact that they are associated with water and that they protect the Vevas but also the fact that they were involved in the construction of these massive structures.The late Mr. Mudiyanse Tennakone had taught us about vev thavulla, poshana pradesha, kulu Vevas and their functions, nivun (or twin) Vevas etc. Recently we came to know of the trees that were planted in a systematic way to make sure that the water in the veva or the well was purified. Remnants of this habit could be found in planting of kumbuk trees near wells.Our group did not find Microsystis, a cynobacterial species in well water in the areas affected by RCKDunet. However, we have found traces of Green Algae, and according to the western Botanists in the group there is a possibility for these algae to be identified as blue green algae mentioned by some others. We also do not have evidence to conclude that cadmium is the cause of the RCKDunet.Then where do our findings lead us after the preliminary investigation. As I mentioned above ours is a holistic exercise and we are of the opinion that Arsenic and Mercury found in water and soil in Rajarata where the RCKDunet has been spread and kivula (hardness) of water are two of the main causes of the disease. Then there is another important factor that is now lacking in Rajarata. These are the trees that were planted systematically in the surrounding areas of the vevas. The roots of these trees were involved as a kind of filters and the removal of these trees during the last few decades have caused havoc as far as the chemical constituents found in the water.The western practitioners in our group have found similarities between arsenic poisoned patients in other parts of the world and the Rajarata Chronic Kidney patients. The Rajarata patients are different from kidney patients found in rest of the country and our group is investigating into these similarities and dissimilarities. We are also startled by the large numbers of arsenic poisoned patients in Bangladesh and would like to find out the role of the genes in spreading the RCKDunet in Rajarata.However, we are mainly interested in finding a cure and our team has considered some plants and their fruits and nuts in this connection. We are guided by what I would call the Borupana Thesis, I first heard from the late Borupana Vedamahaththaya of Rathmalana. I know that some pundits will object to it citing the so-called scientific methods and research methodologies, but all that I know is that there is no scientific method as such and genuine research cannot be conducted according to so called methodologies. The uninitiated western scientists may read Against Method by Feyarabend as a first step.In any event Borupana Thesis mentions that a cure for any disease can be found from the area in which the disease is spread. Recent discovery by western scientists that there are life forms based on Arsenic is a good example in this connection. The Rasa (mercury) Vedakama found among the Sinhalas and others also points in the same direction. However, we are not proposing to introduce Arsenic or Mercury as a cure but to have a cure based on certain plants that could be grown in the area. The soil that has the potential to destroy life also has the ability to maintain life is the maxim behind the Borupana Thesis. Finally I would definitely say that RCKDunet is a result of introduction of western Christian modernity that has changed the life patterns of the Rajarata farmers.Mismanagement and politics cause crises in most spheres of activityPosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 22:41:00 +0000by Milinda RajasekeraA Sri Lankan woman buys plantain fruits in Colombo, Sri Lanka, Thursday, Jan. 13, 2011.- AP Photo(January 19, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) The fact that Sri Lanka is plagued today with shortages and price hikes in essential items of food compelling the authorities to look for overseas supplies to maintain a regime of reasonable prices shows, among other things, the abysmal failure of successive administrations in this country to manage national affairs efficiently. The authorities attribute the recent price hikes in coconut to a shortfall in coconut production. How did this shortfall occur and what meaningful steps the relevant authorities such as the Coconut Research Institute (CRI), the Coconut Cultivation Board (CCB), Coconut Development Authority (CDA) and the host of political heads under whom these organizations function, had taken to avert the impending crisis?     It is understandable if the reasons have been weather conditions or other disasters over which these organizations have no control. But the situation obviously stems mainly from inept management that failed to foresee things. If land fragmentation, shortage of fertilizer or diseases like Weligama Coconut Leaf Wilt Disease (WCLWD) and Leaf Rot Disease (LRD) affecting coconut cultivation were the main causes, then why didnt these institutions and the government take prompt remedial measures?       The situation is not different as regards shortages and high prices in other commodities too. Shortages have occurred and prices have gone up despite the plethora of institutions, organisations and political heads charged with managing these matters. What reasons caused the shortage of chicken and eggs? What action did the authorities take to prevent the occurrence of such shortages?  The All Ceylon Poultry Farmers Association (ACPFA) President Dr. D.D. Wanasinghe complains that the Ministry of Livestock did not allow in time the import of chicks needed to meet the shortage of layers. He says that the ACPFA asked for permission to import chicks in August 2010 but received no positive response. But when the crisis emerged the National Livestock and Development Board (NLDB) agreed to import chicks in December while issuing a threat to import eggs. This shows the absence of proper coordination or rapport among various relevant agencies.Apparently, these institutions follow the policy of closing the stable-door after the horses had bolted. It was only after the crisis occurred and public agitations arose that the authorities were galvanized into activity. Whatever the reasons, when shortages occur it is the responsibility of the authorities to ensure equitable distribution of available commodities to maintain reasonable levels of prices thus avoiding creation of confusion by accusing the opposition parties, issuing warnings to producers and threats to import commodities that this country can well produce. It is indeed the failure of the authorities to adopt an efficient system of production and distribution that has throughout caused these periodic crises. The failure of the civil administrative system is such that it has now become necessary for the government to rely on armed forces to distribute vegetables and other items.      It is most unfortunate, to say the least, that the authorities had to seriously contemplate importing even coconut, among other items, to this country which set a great store by a policy of import substitution and export promotion, and self-sufficiency and self-reliance. Sri Lanka undoubtedly has the ability and the resources - natural, material and human - needed to produce most, if not all, required items of food. Political parties and politicians are glib in incessantly asserting, particularly at election times, that this is an island surrounded by sea teeming with fish and that the country should exploit this situation to produce fish sufficient for daily consumption and caning without relying on imports. They often stress that our country is blessed with rich soil, climatic and other conditions suitable for food production. Authorities also talk about adopting methods of storing and preserving items of food for use in times of scarcity.But when placed in power these parties fail to show equal enthusiasm to act on their impressive assertions. Their pronouncements and performances begin to develop gaping gaps. Methods of efficient management and norms of good governance are made to yield place to narrow political objectives and interests. Evidently, it is unprincipled political party activities that have often obstructed the pursuit of common national interests. The malady is not peculiar to one political party. Party politics gives rise to a wide variety of social activities that run counter to national interests and aspirations.Ruling parties lend their support and patronage to individuals and organizations that provide funds and other needs to promote their party interests. Among those seeking patronage are manufacturers, traders and other business sectors that need such support particularly for promoting their selfish interests. Not that this fraternity is completely bereft of honest, generous and magnanimous people. But the vast majority are motivated by selfish interests. They manipulate markets, create shortages, produce sub-standard products, produce unhygienic food items and indulge in a variety of acts to maximize their profits and minimize expenditure. So, unless this pattern of extending political patronage to persons and organizations for engaging in anti-social and unpatriotic activities is done away with, the achievement of national goals would be extremely difficult.  India's bold moves on Kashmir ahead of Ino- Pak talksPosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 22:36:00 +0000by Rajeev Sharma(January 19, New Delhi, Sri Lanka Guardian) India and Pakistan are set to begin their engagement process in the first week of February when Indian Foreign Secretary Nirupama Rao is scheduled to meet her Pakistani counterpart in Thimphu on the sidelines of a SAARC ministerial meeting. This may pave the way for an Indo-Pak foreign minister-level engagement a day or two after as both the foreign ministers will be in Bhutan. Kashmir will naturally be figuring high on the agenda of the Indo-Pak talks. India has done some homework on the Kashmir issue ahead of the India-Pakistan talks. On January 14, Indian Home Secretary G K Pillai announced that the UPA government may reduce the number of security troops deployed in Jammu and Kashmir by 25 percent in the next 12 months. The remark by Pillai, made at a seminar in New Delhi, assumes significance as he is widely perceived by Pakistan as a wrecker-in-chief of the Indo-Pak peace process because of his terrorism-related remarks against Pakistan last year on the eve of Foreign Minister-level talks between the two countries in Islamabad.Pillai said the Centre was considering reduction in number of security personnel from the thickly populated areas of Jammu and Kashmir, an important suo motu Confidence Building Measure (CBM) by India largely aimed at winning over the Kashmiri separatists who have been demanding thinning of troops in the state. Pillai said more security pickets would be removed from Srinagar city in the next few months and indicated a gradual and phased handing over of security operations to the state police. Significantly, he said, the state police personnel will not be armed with rifles, but only sticks and shields to tackle protesting crowds. He also announced that the Indian government was in the process of retraining ten battalions of the Jammu and Kashmir Police for this purpose. Besides, the Indian government is also mulling over injecting greater transparency in governance in the troubled state that has witnessed Pakistan-supported militancy since 1989. Pillai said the Centre proposed to set up a state accountability commission and appoint information commissioners to achieve this objective. Another CBM unveiled by Pillai is targeted at the Kashmiris of Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK). Pillai announced that India will "unilaterally" ease travel restrictions and give multiple-entry permits of six months validity to the Kashmiris of PoK to facilitate their easy and multiple travels to Jammu and Kashmir. This move by India is sure to rattle the Pakistani establishment as Pakistan has consistently spurned the Indian offer of bilateral easing of the visa regime to facilitate easier travels between Jammu and Kashmir and PoK. Pillai also announced that once the six-month multiple-entry permit expires, the Government of India will not hesitate to grant another permit and will not subject the applicant from PoK to security clearance for the second time. India has repeatedly suggested more Kashmir-specific CBMs to Pakistan  such as raising the frequency of Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus service to weekly and starting more bus services like Jammu to Sialkot and Kargil to Skardu  but Islamabad has consistently been in a denial, rejectionist mode. The unilateral steps by India to ease the visa regime and security clearances will undoubtedly be noticed by the international community and will put Pakistan on the back foot diplomatically once these measures are implemented by India. Though the inter-Kashmir travel between J&K and PoK had started during President Pervez Musharrafs regime in April 2005 when India and Pakistan launched a fortnightly bus service between Srinagar and PoK capital Muzaffarabad, the Kashmiris always remained shackled by red tape on both sides of the divide. The inter-Kashmir bus service, therefore, has had very few takers, thanks to a very harsh and rigorous visa regime and security clearances on both sides. On January 16, Pillai, the favourite whipping boy of Pakistan for his strongly-worded public remarks that the Pakistani establishment has invariably found provocative, was at it again when he said the Pakistani probe into the 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai has not moved an inch.  He said no real investigation has taken place in Pakistan in the 26/11 case. Pillai also advised Pakistan to learn from Indias "fair" handling of the Samjhauta Express blast case and bring the perpetrators of the 26/11 attacks to book. He quoted his Pakistani counterpart Rehman Malik as having told him seven months ago immediately after Home Minister P Chidambaram had asked for voice samples of the ten terrorists who had struck in Mumbai from November 26 to 29, 2008 that You would not be disappointed by our response. Pillai made a three-words remark on Maliks assurance: We are disappointed. He said: "That is not a real investigation. From the steps so far taken by Pakistan, we would say we are quite pessimistic because when the Home Minister was in Islamabad, the interior Minister actually told him that he would respond." It is not immediately clear whether Pillais public outburst on January 16 has backing of the Indian political and diplomatic establishments or whether he was acting as the lone warrior. Pillai has a huge hate base in Pakistan because of his strong Pakistan-specific remarks that several Indian Opposition parties like the BJP find just, truthful and calling spade a spade. None other than Pakistan Foreign Minister Shah MehmoodQureshi had hauled Pillai over coals by blaming him for single handedly wrecking the India-Pakistan Foreign Minister-level talks in Islamabad on July 15, 2010. On the eve of talks between Qureshi and External Affairs Minister S M Krishna, Pillai had said that India had evidence of the involvement of Pakistans intelligence agency Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) in the 26/11 attacks. A week after the Krishna-Qureshi flop meeting, Foreign Secretary Nirupama Rao had met Pillai and briefed him about the impact of his Pakistan-centric remarks on the foreign minister-level talks.The Centres proposed steps in J&K have come close on the heels of anti-Pakistan remarks by top leaders of the Hurriyat Conference, a separatist group that has the history of singing paeans of Pakistan. Some very sane and bold voices have emanated from the Kashmir valley in the New Year. Abdul Ghani Bhat, a top leader of the separatist Hurriyat Conference and also its past Chairman, for the first time ever took a public stand against Pakistan-supported Hurriyat hawk Syed Ali Shah Geelani and said Kashmiri leaders and thinkers were not killed by government forces but our own people. Bhat made this remark in context of the assassinations of top moderate leaders like Abdul Ghani Lone and Maulvi Farooq, killed in 1990 and 2002 respectively for not toeing the Pakistani line in Kashmir politics. Time has come to speak the truth. Neither the Army nor the police killed Lone sahib and Maulvi Farooq sahib but our own people, Bhat said while addressing a seminar in Srinagar on the role of intellectuals in the separatist movement. Significantly, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq, the son of Maulvi Farooq and the current Hurriyat Chairman who spoke after Bhat, and Bilal Lone, the son of Abdul Ghani Lone, have not contradicted Bhat till now. Bhat also said that if the Hurriyat had to get anywhere, its leaders needed to take into account their own follies as This movement started with the assassinations of thinkers and the people who held an opinion. More important part of the Bhatspeak was his frontal attack on Geelani which essentially means a negation of Pakistan and its role in Kashmir. Geelani is known to be beneficiary of Pakistani funding and diplomatic support for decades and openly declares that Kashmir should be part of Pakistan. Geelani was the architect of the Kashmir Intifada strategy which the separatists started in the valley in the summer of 2010 through series of strikes and stone-pelting. Bhat said the policy of strikes and so-called martyrdom, without any strategy, had only damaged the Kashmir cause. There was a hartal for five months and 112 people died. And at the end of it there is nothing by way of achievement. This is what happens when there is no thinking, no strategy. If you want to rid people of Kashmir of sentimentalism bordering on insanity, you have to speak the truth, he said. Pakistan obviously must have taken note of the sentiments of the Kashmiris and in all probability the rogue elements in the Inter Services Intelligence would have dispatched hit squads to take care of Bhat and other like-minded leaders. India must not let it happen.India has made some bold moves on Kashmir which speak of the Indian confidence and also underline the fact that the Pakistani establishment is fast losing its leverage in Jammu and Kashmir, particularly the valley. India needs to keep up the tempo and must not allow a repeat of the troubled summer of 2010. Not now, not ever.( The writer has been in journalism since early 1982.Currently, he is writing for Diplomatic Courier, Washington; Asia Pacific Journal: Japan Focus, New York; Asahi Shimbun, Japan (English edition); The Diplomat magazine, Tokyo; openDemocracy, London; Strategic Affairs magazine, New Delhi; Power Politics magazine, New Delhi; Sakaal Times, Pune. Besides writing a weekly column for the Sakaal Times edit page, he IS also an editorial writer for the English daily.He IS also a columnist for Indian think tanks like South Asia Analysis Group (SAAG), Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses (IDSA) and Centre for Land Warfare Studies (CLAWS). He is author of several books including"    Beyond the Tigers: Tracking Rajiv Gandhis Assassination (Kaveri Books, New Delhi, 1998) and  Pak Proxy War: A Story of ISI, Bin Laden and Kargil. He can be reached at bhootnath004@yahoo.com ) External Affairs Minister Prof. G.L. Peiris receives donation of Chinese flood reliefPosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 11:50:00 +0000Statement issued by the Ministry of External Affairs, Colombo (January 18, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) The Ambassador of the Peoples Republic of China in Colombo Yang Xiuping handed over a cash donation to the Minister of External Affairs, Prof. G.L. Peiris as relief assistance to the victims of the recent floods in Sri Lanka, at the Ministry of External Affairs, today.  Minister of Economic Development Basil Rajapaksa was present at the donation ceremony. The Ambassador stated that the donation was a goodwill gesture of the staff of the Chinese Embassy in Colombo.  The Ambassador conveyed condolences of the Government of China to those who lost their lives and expressed hope that the victims of the floods will recover soon.  At the request of the Economic Development Minister the Ambassador stated that she would look into the possibility of providing roofing material to the affected families to re-build their homes.Thanking the Chinese Ambassador for the donation, Minister Peiris said that China has always extended its assistance to Sri Lanka whenever the country was in need of goodwill and assistance. He thanked the Peoples Republic of China for its friendship and support.Tamil complainant in a bribery case against policePosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 11:42:00 +0000(January 18, Hong Kong, Sri Lanka Guardian) Devarathnam Yogendra ( 28 ) is the complainant in a bribery case against IP Wijesuriya of the Hatton Police Station, who has been indicted on a charge of obtaining bribes. This charge has been filed on the basis of a complaint made by Yogendra on November 6, 2010 and it is alleged that the police officer was arrested a decoy from the Bribery Commission immediately after accepting a bribe. Ever since the arrest of this police officer Devarathnam Yogendra has faced several attempts on his life, according to several complaints that he has made to the police, including the Inspector General of Police and also many other authorities including the Human Rights Commission of Sri Lanka. Yogendra has also complained that several fabricated charges have been filed, one of which was dismissed by the Magistrate on January 11, 2011. Another such case is scheduled to be taken up on March 1, 2011.Four days after the first case was dismissed by the court Yogendra faced another threat to his life. Following are the details of this incident:On January 15, 2011 on the Thai Pongal day morning around 01.30 a.m. about 5 police officers in police t-shirts had come to Yogendra's house and woke him up and said that they needed to question him. When his father has asked the reason for his arrest, the police officers have said that there is a complaint against Yogendra and they need to question him. Then they have taken Yogendra walking towards a white van with tinted glasses and pushed him in to the van. It was not a police jeep. It happened to be a rainy day and there was noise of crackers being lighted to celebrate Pongal.Inside the van he was blindfolded and handcuffed and they have taken him about 200 meters into a lonely place where there was a cemetery. When he was taken out of the van, the cloth that blindfolded him was removed and Yogendra was asked to kneel down. Then he was threaten and told that they would kill him if he acted against the police. Yogendra was then assaulted on his shoulders and his body and this stage Yogendra has identified a police officer by the name of sergeant Sarath. Yogendra told him that if he is killed that the whole world will know that the Hatton police officers had done it. Further he told, the police officer "you are Sergeant Sarath and I know you" at this stage police officers were drinking, laughing and making merry. After this they further assaulted him and took out a gun which they fired in the air. Then they have shown him the cemetery and said that he would be soon be there if he continued to act against the police officers. Having kept him for more than one hour he was threatened repeatedly. Then the handcuffs were removed and the officers left in the van.Yogendra has collected 2 bullets casings from the ground and also a rain coat which was thrown out by him while he was in the van to prove that they were from Hatton police.Yogendra is now afraid to go home and is now in hiding.This is one more case of a person who is being hunted by the police due to complaints made by him to the Bribery Commission and other authorities. Sugath Nishanta Fernando from Negombo was assassinated after making complaints against the police regarding torture and bribery. At the time he was killed several police officers were being charged by the Bribery Commission and were also made respondents in a torture case. Earlier Gerard Perera, who was pursuing his complaint against torture by several officers from the Wattala Police Station was assassinated while he was traveling on a bus. A case is before the Negombo High Court relating to the murder of Gerard Perera in which the accused is a police officer and an accomplice who was earlier charged under the CAT Act, No. 22 of 1994 for torturing him.Devarathnam Yogendra is now in hiding, afraid for his life. In a 53 minute taped interview he described to the Asian Human Rights Commission the series of attempts that were allegedly made on his life which he narrowly escaped.The AHRC calls on the Inspector General of Police and the police authorities as well as the Human Rights Commission of Sri Lanka and the National Police Commission to investigate the complaints of Devarathnam Yogendra and also to provide him protection.Election posters all around the countryPosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 10:59:00 +0000The era of police action against posters overby Rajitha Keerthi Tennakoon(January 18, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) Several well off candidates have already begun election propaganda by using hoardings and posters which will have an adverse effect on the environment notes the Campaign for Free and Fair Elections (CaFFE.)After the date for the nominations was declared several candidates have began a massive propaganda campaign. These candidates feel that this is the best way to win in an election which will be held under Proportional Representation and preferential vote system. However these wo/men have no consideration of how their actions will impact the environment.There are no regulations in Sri Lanka to stop the pasting of posters and since the nomination period has not ended election laws also do not apply to the present situation.However in the last six months the Police continued to harass opposition political party activists who pasted posters using an obsolete provision in the penal code. Many were arrested and presented to courts using provisions from the national thoroughfares act and environmental acts. There were also reports that even people who had been pasting posters announcing dramas, funerals and other non political activities.However this has changed after the election was declared. The police do not seem to take any action against these politicians who are pasting thousands of posters. Due to the massive scale of the operation this causes more environmental damage than the activities carried out by those arrested and harassed in the last six months by police.CaFFE notices that the police is giving preferential treatment to some politicians and this is a violation of  a fundamental principal of a free and fair election, a level playing field. Therefore CaFFE requests the authorities to enforce the law equally to everyone and requests all candidates to be mindful of the environmental impact of their actions.President Hu comes to WashingtonPosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 09:48:00 +0000EDITORIAL BY THE NEW YORK TIMES" We know less about Chinas strategy. Its overconfidence is clear. It has been aggressively pressing its claims to disputed islands in the East and South China Seas. The militarys rising influence is troubling."(January 18, New York City, Sri Lanka Guardian) There has been a lot of hype, for a long time, about a rising China. There is now no question about Chinas growing economic power or its military ambition. Over the past year, relations between Washington and Beijing have become increasingly tense and mistrustful.When President Obama and President Hu Jintao of China meet at the White House on Wednesday, they must try to set a new course in which competition is carefully managed and a premium is placed on cooperation. That will require a commitment to sustained discussion of the many issues dividing them  and an agreement to keep talking even in difficult times.For Mr. Obama, the top items include: Chinas currency manipulation; its enabling of North Korea and Iran; its abuse of human rights; and its recent challenge to American naval supremacy in the western Pacific.For Mr. Hu, the top item is winning acknowledgment of its global stature. He will likely goad the president to get Americas fiscal house in order to ensure the safety of Chinas large investment.For a long time we werent sure if President Obama had a China strategy. (Beyond muting criticism and hoping for cooperation.) We are increasingly reassured.Officials acknowledge that China must have a bigger say in the world and believe there are common interests to build on  but they are rightly not ceding anything. Mr. Obama has made clear that he wont stand by while China tries to bully its neighbors. The United States has embraced India and Southeast Asia more closely and shored up alliances with South Korea and Japan.We know less about Chinas strategy. Its overconfidence is clear. It has been aggressively pressing its claims to disputed islands in the East and South China Seas. The militarys rising influence is troubling.For a country that claims to be a global power, it is still shirking its responsibilities. China is North Koreas main supplier of food and fuel, but it has resisted using that leverage to rein in Pyongyangs erratic and dangerous behavior. For a major player, it can also be remarkably petulant. Even as China pumps huge sums into sophisticated new weapons, it retaliated against American arms sales to Taiwan by suspending military talks with the United States for a year.China has recently slowed energy investments in Iran and promised to support the southern Sudan referendum. American officials say it has begun to urge North Korea to tone down its belligerence. The Chinese military played host to Defense Secretary Robert Gates last week, although its leaders couldnt resist test flying their new stealth fighter during the visit.What we dont know is if these are tactical concessions to ensure a good meeting with Mr. Obama, who offered the pomp China craves  a state dinner and a 21-gun salute  or a serious rethinking on Beijings part.Mr. Obama was far too deferential to Mr. Hu during their Beijing summit. He will need to do better this week. He will have to press Mr. Hu for a convincing pledge that China is committed to a peaceful rise, that it will engage in substantive talks about its military plans and will push North Korea hard to give up its nuclear program.We also firmly believe that China will never be a great nation if it keeps censoring and imprisoning its people, including the pro-democracy activist Liu Xiaobo, who won the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize and has been unfairly jailed.State dinners and 21-gun salutes are ephemeral. What will earn China respect as a major power is if it behaves responsibly. That must be Mr. Obamas fundamental message.Another 'humanitarian' mission accomplished: Soldiers out of vegetable salesPosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 08:12:00 +0000(January 18, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian)The authorities have decided to call off the army that is currently pressed into the sale of vegetables saying they had completed their mission in serving the consumer.Military spokesperson Major General Ubaya Mediwala said that soldiers involved in such sale will be withdrawn sometime later this week and returned to normal military functions."The initial idea of calling in troops to the vegetable sales were mainly aimed at serving the consumer in an honest manner unlike other traders", General Mediwala said.The solders were involved in vegetable sales mainly in Colombo and suburbs.Sri Lanka: Websites that criticise  the Government to be dealt withPosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 07:50:00 +0000Issued by Steering Committee, NfR Sri Lanka(January 18, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) The attention of NfR  has been drawn to a conversation that  is  reported to have taken place  at a breakfast meeting  hosted by President Mahinda Rajapakse for senior media personnel in Colombo on the 13th of January, 2011.According to media reports the President has told those who had attended the meeting  that  a separate unit is investigating the  activities of certain websites with a view to  'take action'   against them. ( External link)The President's remark was reportedly in response to  a suggestion by the Editor of the Silumina Newspaper Mr Karunadasa Sooriyarachchi.   Mr Sooriyarachchi is reported to have pointed out to the President that thereare websites "attacking the Government,  the  Country, the President's family and sometimes his own Institution'  and had  asked,  "Why measures should not be taken against  those websites".  Following the President'sresponse,  the  Silumina,  a State controlled Sinhala weekly, carried a lead story last week titled   "Some websites are a threat to national security".The President is also reported to have said that the biggest challenge he faces is the media.  In a democracy,  media is considered to be  an asset and not a challenge.  Assets are to be cherished  and challenges are to besurmounted.  The very foundation of democracy hinges on the right to free speech. The publication of news items and articles both favourable and critical of  the government, are very much part and parcel of that freedom.It may be recalled that many government controlled media outlets have on earlier occasions too, labeled some journalists as "traitors".  These malicious  allegations resulted in many  journalists being abducted, assaulted, jailed or  murdered as in the case  of  the editor of the Sunday Leader,  Lasantha Wickrematunga.It is also disconcerting to note that the  President is reported to have chosen to malign the Tamil newspapers by  alleging  that "Tamil newspapers are still partial to the LTTE and  are  supportive of the LTTE sympathizersand their actions".  If this report of the President's allegation is true, then the free hand given to the Sinhala and other media outlets which continue to publish mischievous news items  against those whom they see astraitors, needs to be questioned.    In fact, to build a united Sri Lanka all media institutions should  be treated equally. NfR is deeply concerned of the President's remarks in this regard.With the conventional print and electronic media in Sri  Lanka shackled by various coercive methods, both legal and illegal,  websites provide an alternative  space  for  reporting news, critical of the government orotherwise, and is an essential adjunct to free speech in Sri Lanka. The free exchange of ideas on the internet,  is given much importance  in many countries other than  in the most repressive of regimes  such as Chinaand Iran. It is a matter of concern that Sri Lanka too, is now  heading  in that direction.Steering committee : Kshama Ranawana ( Canada) Lionel Bopage ( Australia), Nadarasa Sarawanan (Norway), Nadarajah Kuruparan(UK) Padmi Liyanage (Germany), Raveendran Pradeepan (France), Rudhramoorthy Cheran (Canada), Saman Wagaarachchi ( USA), Sunanda Deshapriya ( Switzerland)Media Pie for Assam WildlifePosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 05:51:00 +0000"We have no reservation against a CBI enquiry into the matter of increasing cases of rhino poaching in Kaziranga National Park. - File Photo by Nava Thakuria(January 18, Assam- India, Sri Lanka Guardian) The wildlife protection effort in Assam often invites media headlines and many times the media has taken extra pain to enlighten the local people on those issues and even compel the authority to take prompt actions. The months of October and November brought various amazing news relating to elephant conservation effort in the State and it was understood that the forest department, thought tried to be pro-active, failed miserably to deal properly with the initiative.It was started with the shocking news of deaths to four elephants due to poisoning. The carcasses of the pachyderms were found in different locations in central Assam nearby some tea gardens. It is widely believed that those elephants died because of pesticide used in the gardens.The incident provoked the Union Environment and Forests Minister Jairam Ramesh to write a letter (dated October 12) to Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi asking for a probe to investigate the matter. Finally the State Forest Minister Rockybul Hussain ordered the probe.Deaths to wild elephants in Assam are not rare in the media. The train track running through the Rani Forest reserve, near Guwahati, makes almost regular news of killing elephants, while the herd falls prey to moving trains always. But neither the Railway nor the Forest authority have taken ever visible attempts to tackle with the issue.Meanwhile, the death of an elephant calf in the last week of October surprisingly in front of forest officials shocked the wildlife lovers once again. The video footage, beamed by different news channels, showed a group of villagers surrounded the calf and finally the bay elephant died due to injuries. Initially it was understood that the villagers of Gubah in Morigaon district, armed with household sharp utensils, were responsible for the killing of the elephant.Even the State government asked for a detailed enquiry into the incident and already declared that those found guilty would be punished under the law. Later however found that the incident was reported in the media with distorted facts.The baby elephant was actually ill and so it was left out from the herd. The local people wanted to catch the baby elephant following the direction of forest officers. The motive was to provide treatment to the calf. But it was reported in such a way that the local villagers of the region turned beats and they have no sympathy or love to wild animals.Even some NGOs have made irritating comments against the people of Assam as not being passionate to wildlife, which we strongly condemn. The Assamese people have proved their love and high admiration to wildlife beyond doubts since time immemorial, said Soumyadeep Datta, an Assam based environment and wildlife activist.Speaking to this wrier, Mr Dutta, who is the director of Nature's Beckon, also added that they had already started a separate investigation into the incident, outcome of which would be shared with the media.There was good news as well. The local police in early November could break a racket of elephant smugglers and seized two wild elephants. Following the tip-off from a conservation group Green Heart Nature, the Kokrajhar district police could even arrested five persons involved the illegal business.The district police chief PK Dutta suspected that nearly 100 wild elephants had already been smuggled out of Assam in the last five years. He also informed the media that the smugglers caught the  wild elephants and after taming them, those were transferred as domestic elephants, which are later used for various purposes. An adult elephant can bring around Rs.30-40 lakh to the group, added Dutta.Assam is home to nearly  5,500 wild elephants (the national count is not more than 10,000). The last elephant census in Assam in 2007 shows that the State has around 1,500 tamed elephants. These tamed elephants are either in the possession of State forest department or some local businessman, who nurture the passion as a status symbol.The media persons and wildlife activists of Assam earlier played an important to stop a hurried attempt by the State forest department  to burn down over thousand rhino horns. Initially it was believed to be a historic decision of the State forest department to destroy the stored rhino horns in its custody as a message to the world that rhino horns  donot have any aphrodisiac value.The proper awareness is expected to help the mission to save the endangered one-horn rhinos from the clutches of notorious poachers. But it simply did not work as the environment activists demanded more transparency in the process. The issue came alive in the public consultation in Guwahati on June 11, where the Union minister Jairam Ramesh was also present. Attending the meeting, local environment activists pointed out that without the precaution, some corrupt officials might take the opportunity to replace few real horns with fake items and then smuggle those in to the illegal international market.The State forest department had earlier made all preparations completed to destroy 1,571 rhino horns lying in the lockers of various treasury offices in Assam. It argued that those horns cannot be sold in the market as India adopted the Wildlife Protection Act in 1972. The State chief wildlife conservator S. Chand confirmed the news adding that they took all precautions regarding the process in respect of wildlife laws of India and also international guidelines.A single horn, believed to be an aphrodisiac, can fetch over 50 lakhs in the illegal international market. The heavy animal enjoys great sexual power, as its mating time is not less than 45 minutes (quite higher than any other animal). Many people believe that one can achieve the sexual power with the help of rhino horns. They consider the rhino horns as another kind of traditional Viagra.The horns are also believed to have medicinal values. The traditional Chinese medicine demands rhino horns, which is believed to cure fever and stomach ailments fast. China, Taiwan, Thailand, South Korea and the Middle East are known to be huge markets for illegal trading of rhino horns.It may be mentioned that many pressure groups in Assam have been demanding a high level enquiry on rhino poaching and also the originality of horns which are under the possession of the forest department. All Assam Students Union, an active and influential students' body took out various protest programmes on the issue during the last few years. The AASU was followed by Nature's Beckon and Journalists' Forum, Assam to raise voices against the corrupt forest officials.The activists of these organizations insisted that the Tarun Gogoi led government should go for a Central Bureau of Investigation probe on the stock of wildlife parts in the custody of the forest department as well as about the poaching of rhinos, elephants, tigers and leopards in Assam. They argue that some wildlife organs (like rhino horn, ivory, skin of tiger and leopard) had already made way to the illegal international market from the custody of forest authority itself.Meanwhile, following the sustained hue and cry among the wild life lovers inside and outside Assam, where the media has also consistently supported the move for the preservation of the rhinos and remained critical against the government agencies, the State authority admitted that they had no objection against any high level probe into the mater.The State Chief Minister Gogoi publicly declared on May 2, 2008 that his government was asking for a CBI enquiry into the matter. The forest minister in his cabinet Rockybul Hussain also declared, "We have no reservation against a CBI enquiry into the matter of increasing cases of rhino poaching in Kaziranga National Park.But till date, no enquiry has been announced. Many environment activists including Soumyadeep Datta suspect that a large share of the wildlife parts, which are being sold in the international markets, made way from the forest department's stock due to the manipulation and corrupt practices of some dishonest forest officials. The reluctance of the forest department as well as the State forest minister to face a high level probe thus prove, this way or that way, that there are really something wrong in the matter.Bangladesh Military Intelligence behind the illegal arrestPosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 03:05:00 +0000Mishu was allegedly threatened by the Directorate General of Forces  Intelligence (DGFI), an intelligence agency operated by the armed forces  of Bangladesh mostly dominated the country's army. Mrs. Moshrefa Mishu photograph by William Gomes for the Sri Lanka Guardian. by William Gomes,The Sri Lanka Guardian correspondent in Dhaka (January 18, Dhaka, Sri Lanka Guardian) Directorate General of Forces Intelligence (DGFI), the Bangladeshs Military Intelligence is behind the arrest of labor rights activist Moshrefa Mishu, a leftist political activist and President of the Garment Workers Unity Forum (GWUF), a labor rights organization of the readymade garment factories of the country.The Director General (DG) of DGFI directly reports to the Prime Minister of Bangladesh. Confined in Dhaka Medical Hospital (DHMC) by highly armed police officials Moshrefa Mishu exposed the horrific torture description the in several undercover interviews to the Sri Lanka Guardian.Mishu said to Sri Lanka Guardian that on 13 December 2010, at around 5pm in the afternoon two persons called Mishu on her cell phone. Both persons claimed that they were journalists. In two separate calls the callers said, "We need to interview you; please stay at home! We will come soon!Meanwhile, Mrs. Mishu's sister Zabunnesa Zebu said to the Sri Lanka Guardian that she suspects that the callers were from the DGFI, who wanted to be sure that Mishu stayed at home for a probable arrest.Zebu said to the Sri Lanka Guardian that earlier, on 30 July 2010 from 12 midnight to 12:35am Mishu received four calls in her cell phone. The callers suppressed their telephone numbers that had been used to call Mishu.For example, the first call appeared on Mishu's cell phone screen as "private number"; the second caller's call appeared as +01748888888, which is abnormal in Bangladesh as the numbers appear with its country code at the begging such as +8801XXXXXXXXX. The third and fourth call also appeared without any number on the cell phone screen said zebuZebu said the first caller threatened to kill her in crossfire, which an official method of extrajudicial killing of crime suspects by the law-enforcement agencies as well as the paramilitary and armed forces in the country where persons are arrested and killed in shootouts while in detention followed by an identically prepared story in all cases.The second caller introduced him as an officer of the SB (Special Branch of police). Following Mishu's questions he claimed that his name was Mizan. He said, "You are already in the crossfire list, you rather stop and run away. We have records of your every movement (steps), you are under our surveillance. Be ready for crossfire."The third and fourth callers called after short intervals and used similar language and threats to her life.Zebu said Mishu was allegedly threatened by the Directorate General of Forces Intelligence (DGFI), an intelligence agency operated by the armed forces of Bangladesh mostly dominated the country's army, over her cell phone. She was instructed not to raise voice on the issue of the wages of the workers of the Ready Made Garment (RMG) factories. The intelligence agency officials warned Mishu that if the workers further demand for the increase of their wages, she will face dire consequences. The caller used slang words on the cell phone." On 14 December, early in the morning at around 1:15am a group of twelve plain-clothed armed people came to the house at 51/2 Kolabagan North Road under the jurisdiction of the Kalabagan police station in the city of Dhaka," Msihu told the Sri Lanka Guardian.The team, which included three women and nine men, was heavily armed. The police entered into the house forcefully and raided the premises without a search warrant. They asked for Ms. Moshrefa Mishu. When the family members of Mishu asked about the identity of the team they claimed that they were officials of Detective Branch (DB) of the Dhaka Metropolitan Police (DMP).Zebu said DB officials started beating on the closed door of Mishu's bedroom and tried to break the door. When the family members tried to resists the police officials shouted at them.Zebu said Meanwhile, Mishu opened the door and the policewomen entered into her bedroom and ordered her to go with them.Mishu said I asked DB officials whether they had an arrest warrant and for the allegation against me. The police said that they did not have arrest warrant, but they had been dictated by the "upper level of the government" to arrest me. They also warned that if I do not follow the instructions of the police and "peacefully accompany them, they will use their utmost force" to take me with them. At this point, when my sister Zebunneas Zebu attempted to call from her cell phone to check with some relevant government official regarding the matter one of the police officials had snatched the cell phone and verbally abused her.Mishu said I requested the police to allow five minutes to get fresh and to get ready for the police custody. When I went to toilet the policewomen forcibly went inside the toilet with her. She said that I asked the police officials "How shall I use the toilet in your presence?" The police insisted me saying that "If you need to use toilet, you have to do it in our presence".Mishu said I tried to get a hand bag with her and necessary clothes but the police officials did not allow her to take anything. She said the police even restricted me to carry her medicine and "inhaler" that I need urgently whenever I have breathing difficulties due to chronic bronchial asthma.Zebu said our family members humbly requested the police officials to allow Mishu, at least, to carry the emergency medicine and "inhaler" with her but the police denied permission.The police officials came out of the house at around 1:30am and took her in a microbus of the DB police and started roaming here and there in the city. After roaming in the city for few hours they took her to the DB office at 36 Minto Road at around 5am said Mishu.Mishu said at around 7am the Additional Deputy Commissioner (ADC) Nazrul Islam, Assistant Commissioner (AC) Muniruz Zaman, AC Nasir of the DB of the DMP started interrogating her in a room of the DB office. The interrogation continued until 2pm that afternoon.The police officials accused Mishu of instigating the workers of the Ready Made Garment (RMG) to go berserk at Kuril area and other places of the city. They also repeatedly enquired of which countries Mishu had visited and who funds her for her work. They also asked why she had not joined the "Mohajot Sorkar" (grand alliance government) led by the Bangladesh Awami League. Mishu told the police officials that she is a leftist politician, who had political ideological differences with the ruling political alliance. Referring to a few leftist politicians who are the part of ruling alliance the police rebuked Mishu for her ideological stand.The police gave a plain paper and insisted her to sign on the paper. They asked Mishu to join the ruling alliance and told her that Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina gives priority to women and, if she were to sign the paper, Hasina would make her a minister. The police officials also asked if she were a pro-China leftist who was trying to close the garments industry of Bangladesh so that China can grab the whole RMG market of Bangladesh. Mishu said that the big pro-China man, Mr. Dilip Barua, is a minister of the government. The police accused her of trying to close the garment factories leading the female workers to become prostitutes said Mishu.Mrs. Moshrefa Mishu admitted the Hospital. photograph by William Gomes for the Sri Lanka Guardian. At around 2pm, the police produced Mishu before the Chief Metropolitan Judicial Magistrate's Court of Dhaka showing her arrested in three cases, two of them were registered with Kafrul and one case with Khilkhet police stations of the city of Dhaka.Case -1: Case number 76 (6)10, which was registered with the Kafrul police (Government Register -GR no-386/10) under Sections 143,149, 323, 324, 325, 332, 333, 353, 427, 114 of the Penal Code-1860 on 30 June 2010.Case-2: Case number 21 (12) 10 of the Kafrul police (GR no.854/10) under Sections 143, 448, 379, 427, 506 of Penal Code-1860 was registered on 9 December 2010.Case-3: Case number 13 (12) 10 of Khilkhet police (GR no 255/10) was registered on 12 December 2010 under Sections 147,148,149, 332, 333, 353, 436, 379, 427,109 of the Penal Code-1860.The police produced Mishu before the Metropolitan Magistrate Court of Dhaka in two cases of the Kafrul police station and sought police remand for 10 days in each of the two cases. Metropolitan Magistrate Mr. A I M Ismile Hossain granted two-days remand in the first case (no. 76 (6)10 ) of the Kafrul police station but rejected the remand prayer in the second case (no 21 (12)10.On the same day, in the third case, which was registered with the Khilkhet police, Mishu was taken to the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate's Court in Dhaka. The First Additional Magistrate Mr. AHM Habibur Rahman Bhuiyan ordered the Khilkhet police to submit the Case Diary (CD) of the case on the following day.At around 6pm in the evening the police again brought Mishu in DB office for further interrogation. They repeatedly asked the same questions that they did previously and they threatened her that if she did not sign in a blank piece of paper, she would suffer dire consequences that she had ever thought of. Mishu asked them if they would kill her and the police said that they wanted to kill or disappear her but that the media had already broadcasted and made news on her, which has messed up the plan. The threats and intimidations continued until midnight. Mishu did not eat any food in the police custody for fear of poisoning said MishuMishu said the police forced Mishu to sleep on the floor of the police custody during her remand despite the fact that it was winter in the month of December in Bangladesh. During the whole period of police remand the police officers whoever interrogated Mishu asked the same questions along with intimidation and threats.On 15 December, the First Additional Magistrate Mr. AHM Habibur Rahman Bhuiyan fixed 19 December to hear the petition for remand. After returning to the police custody the police officers repeatedly insisted her to sign on blank paper said MishuOn 19 December, at the Court Custody where Mishu was detained before the hearing of the remand petition she had serious breathing difficulties. The police officials, who were called in to arrange medical treatment for Mishu, laughed at her and asked, "Why are you making drama?" The police did not allow Mishu any medical treatment despite her sister Zabunnesa Zebu requesting them to do so.At around 3pm, Mishu was produced before the Dhaka Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Court's Magistrate Munshi Abdul Mazid again by the Khilkhet police for remanding her for five days. Instead of the First Additional Magistrate Mr. AHM Habibur Rahman Bhuiyan, who fixed that date for the hearing, Metropolitan Magistrate Munshi Abdul Mazid heard the petition of Khilkhet police. During the hearing Mishu had severe respiratory and spinal problems (which she had sustained due to police brutality in the past). Mishu's lawyer argued in favour of her bail petition that the detainee was sick and was unable to stand on her own legs during the court's proceedings. Mishu told before the Court that she was having difficulty in breathing and was panting and gasping for breath. The Metropolitan Magistrate Munshi Abdul Mazid allegedly said in the open court, "I have strict direction from the government that in any situation and at any cost not to grant bail to Mishu". He ordered Mishu to go to the Khilkhet police custody in a one-day fresh remand in the third case, which was fabricated against her for vandalism, arson attack and obstruction of the police from performing their official duties, for further questioning.After the hearing Mishu's condition further deteriorated when she was brought back to the Court Custody but the police denied taking her to a hospital for treatment. Following repeated insistence by the relatives the Magistrate made order for Mishu's treatment and only then was she rushed to the National Hospital where she was given oxygen and emergency treatment.The National Hospital authorities soon referred her to the Bangabandhu Sheikh Muzib Medical University (BSMMU) around 5pm.But a police officer, who was present there before Mishu's arrival, guided the authorities not to admit her in BSMMU. She was admitted to Dhaka Medical College Hospital (DHMC) at around 9pm in the Medicine Female Ward No.19. The hospital authorities allegedly did not provide Mishu a proper bed, which normally should be allotted to a patient, due to the intervention by doctors who are affiliated to the ruling political party  Bangladesh Awami League. Instead, the pro-ruling party doctors, particularly Assistant Professor Mustifizur Rahman of the Medicine Unit allegedly insisted the police to take Mishu to the prison health centre inside the Dhaka Central Jail on excuse of unavailability of beds at the Ward No.19. As the Court ordered the police to admit Mishu to hospital they did not take her away from the DMCH. At night Mishu had attack of bronchial asthma due to cold for staying on the floor of the hospital.On the following day, she was allotted a bed (No. 8 at the Ward No.19) until 5 January when she was shifted to Bed no.-7 of the same unit. The politically-motivated doctors allegedly called the DB officers to take Mishu away saying that the patient recovered her problems despite the fact that Mishu had not recovered. Mishu's sister Zebu protested against the doctors deliberate attempts of releasing her sister without a proper treatment. Then, Dr. Mustifizur Rahman said to Zebu, "You are from the leftist political wing; that's why I allowed you to enter in this room. I would have kicked you out of this place, if you were from the BNP Jamaat (BNP is the Bangladesh Nationalist Party  the main opposition in the parliament and Jamaat is a rightist Islamic party, which is its ally)". After a long argument regarding the medical ethics and responsibilities of the doctors Mishu's sister Zebu managed to keep Mishu at the hospital. However, the DMCH authorities have allegedly not provided necessary medicine to Mishu and also compelled her family to do the required pathological tests from private clinics. Two policewomen and three armed policemen have been deployed to guard Mishu at her hospital ward. The policemen were seen sitting on in her bed at the hospital when human rights defenders went to see Mishu's health condition there.The police sought for a total of 30 days remand in the three cases  10 days in each of the cases that had been fabricated against Mishu. The Courts and police did not follow the due process regarding the petitions for remand. The police applied for remand in plain paper whereas according to the Police Regulation of Bengal-1943 the police are instructed to apply for remand in a prescribed form: Bangladesh Police Form No. 90. The two Magistrates illegally entertained the remand petitions that allowed the police to torture the Mishu in custody. Even the Court guided that there should be lady police during the interrogation but the police did not follow that order. In two occasions Mishu was remanded by the police of Kafrul and Khilkhet respectively. Legally she should stay in the custodies of Kafrul and Khilkhet police. But, in fact, she was kept on remand under the custody of the DB office, which was violation of the law as she was not remanded by the DB police in those particular cases. However, the Courts have not taken any action against the police officers for violating the law.Letter of Mahasveta Devi to Bangladeshi Prime Minister  The family is financial hardship for the payments for medication, lawyer and communications that have been incurred after the arbitrary detention of Mishu and fabrication of cases against her. The whole family is now under intelligence surveillance and afraid of being harmed by the state-agents. They fear to receive a call on their phones and commuting from to home to their respective work places.The family fears that the police are trying their best to take Mishu, who has chronic bronchial asthma, again in remand where she has continuously been ill-treated by the police during a chilling cold winter. The relatives are afraid that the police may kill Mishu and then claim that she died of a heart attack as the law-enforcing agencies of the country habitually do.The Asian Human Rights Commission has already written separate letters to the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and Special Rapporteurs on Independent of Judges and Lawyers and Violence Against Women requesting their prompt interventions in this case.( William Gomes is our correspondent in Dhaka, Bangladesh. He can be reached at william@srilankaguardian.org ) Armed men open fire at priest's house in Maanippaay, Jaffna: Wife seriously injuredPosted: Mon, 17 Jan 2011 22:59:00 +0000File Photo(January 18, Jaffna, Sri Lanka Guardian) The wife of a Saiva (Hindu) priest was injured as unidentified armed men opened fire at the house of the family at Maanippaay in Jaffna.The 31-year-old Nimesha, the wife of the priest Sribalasundarakkurukkal, has been admitted to Jaffna Teaching Hospital and her condition has been stated to be critical.Armed men who came in a motorbike at the house of the priest located on Maanippaay Hospital Road around 8 p.m. opened fire on the family when priest Sribalasundarakkurukkal and his wife Nimesha were standing outside their house and their children were playing.The gunmen fled the scene immediately riding their motorbike.Maanippaay is located near Changkaanai, where two months ago unknown men shot a Chief Priest who later succumbed to his injuries in the hospital.The gun attack on the priests family has taken place on the day when SL President Mahinda Rajapaksa visited Jaffna to celebrate Pongkal.Similar incident took place on December 26, 2010 in which a Zonal Deputy Director was shot dead by unidentified gunmen when Sri Lankan Prime Minister was visiting Jaffna to attend a Tsunami disaster day programme.In that event school children of Jaffna were forced to sing Sri Lankan national anthem in Sinhala.Pentagon ecstatic over new Chinese "threat"Posted: Mon, 17 Jan 2011 22:52:00 +0000Stealth Escalationby Andrew Cockburn(January 18, Washington DC, Sri Lanka Guardian) Once upon a time, as the FY 1964 defense appropriations bill was making its way through congress,  there came a somber moment when it looked as if the U.S. Navy might actually receive a lesser increase in its appropriation than its hated Air Force rival.  Then, just when all seemed dark, a Soviet November class nuclear attack submarine surfaced a few miles off San Francisco Bay.  Instantly, the situation on the battlefield was reversed, as press and congress urged emergency budgetary measures to ward off the looming threat of the Red Navy.  Queried at a Pentagon press conference  as to the convenient coincidence of the subs appearance, the chief navy flack simply smiled and said I dont know; we just got lucky I guess.For much of the 1990s, luck deserted our military industrial complex.  Its formerly reliable Soviet partners ceased to play their part, leaving the Pentagon to scour the world for a peer or near peer competitor.  There were hopes, always futile, for a reconstituted USSR, or perhaps an emergent China (always popular on the right in those days) which was followed by the putative menace of regional competitors, (Iran, Iraq, North Korea) combining against America.Help finally came from the CIAs former Jihadi ally Osama bin Ladin, whose 9/11 attack sufficiently traumatized society to allow the Pentagon to spend any money it wanted on anything it wanted, relevant to the task at hand or not.  Even so, old hands yearned for the days when a military spend-up could be justified by whatever the other guy was up to, especially with ominous talk circulating in Washington about restraining (not cutting of course) the defense budget. Now, just like that long-ago Soviet sub captain, the Chinese have stepped up to the plate.Our Asian friends have suddenly offered a titillating peek from an airfield in Chengdu at their newest warplane, described as a radar-evading "stealth" fighter like our own F-22.The reaction from some quarters has been predictably enthusiastic. "From what we can see, I conclude that this aircraft does have great potential to be superior in some respects to the American F-22, and could be decisively superior to the F-35," claims Richard Fisher, a senior fellow on Asian military affairs at the International Assessment and Strategy Center, a Washington-based security think tank.Other denizens of the military-industrial complex have pushed hyperbole further, with predictions that the plane  though it looks enormous in the photographs  may be pretty much invisible to radar."You can tell it has some serious stealth technology," proclaims one former Navy pilot now in the defense investment business quoted by Fox News. "My F-18 looks like an 18-wheeler on radar. That thing might not even show up."Arriving in Beijing shortly after the news broke, U.S. Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates has added his own voice of concern. "We knew they were working on the stealth aircraft," he said. "What we've seen is that they may be are somewhat further ahead in the development of that aircraft than our intelligence had earlier predicted."We should not have to wait too long before some obliging member of Congress calls for the reopening of the F-22 production line, cut off by Gates in 2009 after a mere 187 planes had been built.To those with fond memories of the Cold War, when it seemed that the arms race was a two-nation affair, things are moving in a familiar pattern. Reading Aviation Week & Space Technology in those days left you with your heart in your mouth, as it regularly broadcast the news that Soviet techno-military ingenuity was on the point, again, of overwhelming our own puny and underfunded efforts. "The Soviet Union is producing and fielding inventory aircraft with major performance improvements at twice the U.S. aircraft production rate," ran one typical jeremiad in June 1982. "The NATO technological lead is decreasing."It was never true. Soviet warplanes always suffered from a fundamental deficiency of "short legs"  insufficient range  due to heavier airframes -- retarded (deficient metalworking technology) --  and shorter-lived engines (ditto), not to mention myriad other deficiencies. Whenever actual examples of some highly touted Soviet warplane arrived on public view in the West, the reality invariably fell far short of the advance billing. When the MiG-25 Foxbat, once promoted in Aviation Week and elsewhere as a wonder plane that could fly vast distances at 3 1/2 times the speed of sound, was inconveniently delivered by a defecting pilot to Japan in 1976, it turned out to have one-third the advertised range and engines that melted well short of the advertised speed. Anyone speculating that the Chinese turn out a better product should know that their efforts to rip off the Russians by copying Russian engines have produced only engines that make the Russians look good, forcing them to rely on the original product, deficient as that may be.One characteristic of Soviet military aviation culture that the Chinese may indeed be emulating was deference to American technological fashion. Thus, just as the U.S. Air Force was concluding that the "swing-wing" technology of the 1960s F-111 bomber had been a technological misstep, the Soviets produced their own even more unwieldy Su-24. Other bad ideas  especially in the field of electronics  were also regularly and dutifully duplicated on the other side of the Iron Curtain. (An official in the CIA's Office of Strategic Analysis swore to me in the 1980s that the entire contents of Aviation Week were transmitted in encrypted form from the Soviet Embassy in Washington to Moscow as soon as it appeared on Monday mornings.)If the Chinese have indeed invested the necessarily vast sums that an F-22 lookalike program would require, those disposed to fear the Middle Kingdom need only rejoice. The F-22s now in service with the U.S. Air Force cost at least $355 million each (the total cost is probably higher); it is doubtful whether the F-22 can achieve "supercruise"  the ability to fly faster than the speed of sound without afterburners, once touted as a distinguishing feature   for more than a few minutes. Most tellingly, its vaunted stealth performance has proved sadly disappointing. Although it is indeed less visible (though never actually invisible) to tracking radars such as that carried on other fighters or air defense missiles, longer wavelength search radars can detect its presence at considerable distances. In 1999, the Serbs used radar defenses to down one F-117 Stealth fighter and severely damage another.Unfortunately, while some may applaud a Chinese initiative to spend the money that Wal-Mart sends them on a weapon of dubious utility, we too may end up paying a price, as the "threat" of China's J-20 is invoked to justify further increases in our own obscenely bloated defense budget.Andrew Cockburn published The Threat in 1983, the only accurate assessment of Soviet military potential in the 20 years before the fall of the Soviet Union. He can be reached at amcockburn@gmail.comThe People's Revolution in TunisiaPosted: Mon, 17 Jan 2011 22:46:00 +0000What the BBC MissedA soldier stands guard as people demonstrate during a protest in central  Tunis on January 17, 2011. Tunisian protesters called for the abolition  of ousted president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali's  ruling party on January 17 amid a chaotic power vacuum as politicians  prepared a government of national unity. Hundreds of people rallied in  Tunis and there were similar protests in Sidi Bouzid and Regueb in  central Tunisia -- two towns at the heart of the movement that forced  Ben Ali to resign and flee on Friday after 23 years in power. - Getty Imagesby Yvonne Ridley(January 18, London, Sri Lanka Guardian) The Western media has been somewhat caught out by the rapid demise of one of the most brutal dictators in the world.But not to worry, the CIA famously missed the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 after working around the clock 24/7 for five decades warning us constantly of the dangers of ignoring the Red Peril. Still, we all have our off days.However, when journalists did finally catch up with events in Tunisia it was the plight of the British holidaymakers that grabbed the headlines, not the scores of locals who had been gunned down by government forces.So what harrowing tales emerged at the airports as the Brits piled off the planes to freedom?BBC Five Live reported the trembling words of a Yorkshireman who said: "We can't believe it. They shut all the bars. Then when we got to the 'airport duty free were closed!"Yes, the BBC went right to the heart of the matter showing once again it had its finger on the pulse of popular opinion.That was on Friday and then more dramatic stories emerged the next two days as returning tourists talked about roaming street gangs looting and setting fire to property, and what a grand job the police were doing.The so-called "roaming street gangs" were in fact highly organised thugs in the employ of the Tunisian Ministry of Interior on a black propaganda exercise designed to demonise the ordinary people who had finally snapped after being bludgeoned physically and mentally by President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali and his police.Of course most of the Brits were probably unaware they were holidaying in a police state in the first place - it's not mentioned in the brochures ... funny that!The reactions of the traumatised tourists prompted one leading Tunisian blogger to Tweet this rather blunt, if not personal piece of advice: "A revolution is ongoing, take your drunk ass somewhere else. Return after elections."Now that the 'human interest' angle of the terrorised tourists has been virtually exhausted, the western media is trying to explain the ongoing demonstrations and the cause of the revolution. They even gave the movement a name ... the Jasmine Revolution after the country's national flower. How civilised.As far as the media is concerned the revolution erupted thanks to Wikileaks, Twitter and Facebook. What nonsense and what an insult to Tunisians, young and old. The revolution was driven by ordinary people who finally snapped because of the soaring cost of food prices, rising unemployment and the brutality of the police state.Many of the revolutionaries were also protesting the dictatorship and lack of real democracy and freedom of speech. Throw in the police brutality, corruption of the ruling families and censorship of the social networks (Youtube was blocked and Facebook accounts and bloggers were regularly hacked) and something was bound to snap.We Westerners, hooked up to our Blackberries and iPhones were merely given front row electronic seats from where we could cheer on the real revolutionaries who physically took to the streets and faced down live ammunition, baton charges and tear gas.Now we are told there will be elections in Tunisia in the next 40 days or so and when the people make their choice of government I hope the Western media, Western Governments and the United Nations set aside their usually prejudices and accept the outcome ... unlike what happened in Gaza.Even today the population of Gaza is suffering from a collective punishment at the hands of the West for democratically choosing Hamas. But as Ben Ali has now just learned you can't impose your will on people because in the end they will rebel.Without outside interference, I am confident the Tunisian people will make the right choices for them and whoever or whichever party they choose we should respect the outcome.There is already excited chatter of trade unionists, former opposition parties and a few Islamists forming a coalition government.Personally I don't care who takes power as long as those elected are the peoples' choice and they put the people first.Yvonne Ridley is a British journalist and the European President of the International Muslim Women's Union.    Inexorable march of bribery and corruptionPosted: Mon, 17 Jan 2011 22:39:00 +0000by Milinda Rajasekera(January 18, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) An undercurrent of iniquities seems to bedevil our society unabated underneath the surface of comparative peace and tranquility. Bribery, corruption, fraud, abuse of power, selfishness, greed, hatred, delusion, duplicity and other vices pervade all spheres of activity today despite apparent efforts to transform the country into a virtuous and righteous state. The rampant and most bothersome among these vices is bribery and corruption that cause political and social problems, and disrupt public life.The steady march of corruption indeed is a global phenomenon that has caused concern to most countries throughout the world. Transparency International, in its study carried out recently in 86 countries and territories, has found that incidence of corruption is showing a steady upward trend. The latest issue of the global corruption perception index has placed Sri Lanka at 91 among 178 countries. The top five in this Index, it is worth noting, are Denmark, New Zealand, Singapore, Finland and Sweden indicating thus the more a country develops economically, politically and socially, the less room there is for corruption.    The element of corruption in this country has made inroads into most fields of activity. In fact, no aspect of social activity seems to be immune to its inexorable invasion. Large scale corruption obviously hinders the countrys development process. But it is observed that instances of petty bribery and corruption that make the biggest impact on daily lives of our people. It is the poor and disadvantaged classes that seem to suffer inconvenience most. They often have to resort to bribery to get things done, to avoid getting into or to get out of trouble. It is paradoxical indeed that the agencies that are considered the bastions assigned to protect the public against wrongdoing, such as the police and the judiciary, are in the dock in this respect.         An effective antidote to corruption is quick detection of criminal and illegal acts and expeditious prosecution of accused and deterrent punishment. But the record about the successful prosecution in cases of corruption is extremely disappointing. A recent media report stated that more than 600 cases involving corruption had to be shelved and suspects freed, owing to lapses on the part of the police. The discrepancies and contradictions in statements submitted to courts by prosecuting police officers ranging from police inspectors down to constables have generally caused the collapse of these cases. The fate of the countrys biggest VAT fraud case that created a sensation also seems to be in the balance now. The fourteen accused, comprising officials of the Inland Revenue Department and businessmen, who are charged with misappropriating nearly Rs.4 billion of public funds have now asked that their case be dismissed without calling the defence. This application has been made following the close of the prosecution case after calling 100 witnesses out of the 300 listed and recording of more than 15,000 pages of evidence. The defence counsel in the case have told court that they would make an application for the acquittal of the accused without the defence being called, asserting that the prosecution had failed to establish its case.Another disconcerting report stated that 56 experienced investigation officers including the OIC attached to the Commission to Investigate Allegations of Bribery or Corruption, have been transferred out overnight. Although 56 new police personnel had been sent in their place, the Commission could not appoint them as investigative officers, the report says, because they had not gone through the proper recruitment procedure of the Commission.It is no secret that grave instances of fraud and corruption disclosed even by state agencies are either not assiduously pursued or completely abandoned as a result of intervention by those at the helm of affairs. Some accused in cases of fraud seem to have miraculous acquittals in courts when they become ruling party favourites. The judicial system which has to be properly equipped to handle cases expeditiously and impartially does not seem equal to the task. Besides the element of corruption that has crept into the system other shortcomings prevent proper and speedy disposal of cases. A recent report stated that a backlog of about 650,000 cases had been pending in courts countywide for a long period. The report says that the government has now allocated Rs.400 million to formulate measures to expedite disposal of cases by adopting new technology.    So, if the government is honest about reducing, if not eliminating, corruption and fraud and transforming this Sri Lanka into a righteous state, it has to take quick and meaningful action to remedy the existing drawbacks and to sharpen the administrative machinery to reach desired goals. Its impressive pronouncements about wiping out corruption and building up of a virtuous nation will ring hollow if it allows the present state of affairs to continue. The opposition parties also cannot abnegate their responsibilities in this respect. Transparency International study has revealed that 80 percent of those questioned have held the view that political parties are also corrupt. They have, therefore, to desist from such widely prevalent corrupt practices as obtaining donations for party funds through intimidation or promise of favours.Ban on pillion riding imposed again in Karachi for 1 weekPosted: Mon, 17 Jan 2011 22:30:00 +0000by Ashfaq Sharif (January 18,Karachi , Sri Lanka Guardian) I AM very much regret and very dis-appoint to read news ( Business Recorder ) that PILLION RIDING again banned in Karachi for 7 days ( 1 week ) has been imposed in the view of the current law and order situation in the city. If Pillion banned for 1 week what assurance that no target killing stop and all people lifes secured or saved. How long these target killers will hide or get support and finance.  They are more powerful than God. If they asked question why they doing such evil works than do not reply to God and skip from God punishment as they sharply ran away after the killing innocents.  Such bad habits they learned from which their ideal leaders.  Whose instruction they are obeying? Request to Police Department do their job in sincere and honest way do not make too much questioned from the innocents as our police very eager to stop, searching  and questioning  with innocents and when the real criminal come a cross than they have no courage to catch or fight them.Such type of banned every enforce yet apply by any country expect  Pakistan is very often and proudly enforce this banned in the name of to control the law and order situation of the city. But when criminal want to commits crimes than do freely and perform without fear, dis-appear immediately after the incident than later police people make entry after the exit of criminal to register that they visit the crime area and now investigating to catch the real culprits.  Please tell how many culprits yet punished or hanged those who are involved in target killings? In last I pray to God those who involved in all target killing should all killers be destroy and go to Hell without giving any spare time to kills others.  Save all people lives and property from these terrorists.  This pillion riding banned will be benefit to TRANSPORTERS and Police when those person riding bike in double due to un-aware of such banned NEWS than police ask for bribe otherwise face the charges for violating this banned?For God shake do not play with the people problem and feeling and try to hunt and catch those real culprits who are responsible for all target killing as soon as possible. Cold spell disaster for food/beveragesPosted: Mon, 17 Jan 2011 22:21:00 +0000by FS(January 18, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) The current cold spell and a possible change in weather patterns across the year is disastrous for food and beverage companies in Sri Lanka while food production is also expected to fall which could lead to shortages or result in more imports.However at the risk of being called a doomsday forecaster, there is also concern  coming from the President himself  of a shortage of food production across the globe which would impact on prices.According to one news report, at a meeting of the governments Food Protection and Cost of Living Committee, President Mahinda Rajapaksa had ordered the preparation of a strategic plan to face an impending food crisis as there were signs that the world is to confront a food shortage by next April. The report also stated that at the meeting it was revealed that Sri Lanka could lose 15% - 20% of its food production due to nagging rain.Tea production has also been affected with some estates in the low and mid-country region reporting the emergence of the blister blight disease in which the tea bush is affected due to frost and severe cold. Temperatures on Thursday fell to a record low of less than 18C in Colombo, for the first time in 60 years, while in places like Nuwara Eliya it was near freezing at 8C. The cold wave is so bad that, according to government officials, five people died of the cold in Batticaloa.Damp conditions and no sunlight is good for quality tea production particularly at this time of the year but on the long term it could stress the tea bush to a difficult state, say tea industry officials. January to March is generally the quality season but in recent years (not only this year), the weather has been erratic which has been attributed to global warming and the El Nino phenomenon.On the flip side, tea and coffee could find more drinkers which then results in increased demand and better prices because soft drinks like the colas and fizzy types or iced drinks are generally consumed during warmer times.According to experts, a global food crisis  now precipitated by flooding in many areas in Australia which is the worlds largest commodities producer  will impact on prices and demand and hurt countries like Sri Lanka. Huge challenges lie ahead for our policy planners, one local expert said.Oil prices are also rising and reaching the $100 per barrel level which is putting pressure on food demand as consumers turn to bio fuels (produced with corn and other food) for their needs. More food moving towards the production of biofuels would mean ess for consumption as food and see higher prices as the supply side is lower. Food consumption is also rising and if one is to add the growing demand for food in India and China, the worlds largest economies, then Planet Earth has a major crisis on its hands!The last time fuel prices rose in around 2007-8, increasing production of biofuels saw a similar hike in food prices amidst a shortage. That was the time Sri Lankan authorities dabbled in the now controversial oil hedging and burnt its fingers with a poor, hedging formula that was destined to fail.Sri Lanka is dependent on large wheat and sugar imports and even though the government is promoting more rice consumption than wheat, such a promotion would be affected by the impact of floods on rice output at least for the first quarter of this year.The government has a huge task on its hands in terms of helping over a million people being rendered homeless by the floods which, according to some reports, is the worst disaster since the 2004 tsunami.Thus with a natural disaster on its hands and huge financial resources required to help the affected, the government needs all the help it can get without bias, rancour or those seeking political mileage. Now is the time for civil society and the private sector to step in. While many companies have already pitched in with relief assistance, others too should volunteer support.Though many NGOs involved in humanitarian work are already providing a lot of assistance in areas like Batticaloa, a current tussle between the government and NGOs has thrown a lot of NGO relief work off gear and led to a sharp fall in humanitarian aid in recent months for the needy. Given the kind of support that the government needs in this gigantic exercise of helping a million people (5% of the population), there is a strong case for the authorities to ease its restrictions and garner the support of the NGO community too, towards a national crisis. Reflections on reputation and other such burdensPosted: Mon, 17 Jan 2011 22:18:00 +0000by Malinda Seneviratne(January 18, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) Errol Alphonso, my friend and benefactor, is an indefatigable miner of the Internet, meticulous separator of grain from chaff therein and a generous disseminator of information he believes is useful to receiver. He has subscribed to a quote-yielding website. He picks and chooses what to send and therefore whatever he stuffs into my inbox is of great value to me.A few days ago he forwarded the following quote by Margaret Mitchell: Until youve lost your reputation, you never realize what a burden it was.Reputation lossReputation is not unimportant. How people see you does matter. If perhaps you acquire or are conferred with a reputation of being deceitful you might well find roadblocks that stop you at every turn. This is why people spend enormous amounts of time, energy and even money to look good in the eyes of others. This is advertising which is a thriving industry.If your reputation gets sullied in some way your marketability suffers. Some are so insecure that they equate reputation loss to the end of the world. And even those who lose their reputation are so fixated with it that they get busy trying to regain it, so busy that they dont pause long enough to realize it is a burden they can do without.I think it is about getting priorities mixed up. I remember an incident that took place in Ratnapura about three years ago. As the Secretary of the Tournament Committee of the Chess Federation of Sri Lanka, I went to make sure everything was alright at the Ratnapura District qualifying event of the National Youth Chess Championship.There was a mother of a player who wanted us to allow her son to play in the tournament. As I was considering her request, she said pin siddha wei (you will gain much merit, ie in the Karmic sense) by way of further appeal. Pin epa (I dont need such merit) I replied. In the end, after discussing the matter with other officials, the child was granted permission to play.The lady thanked me, pin siddha wei and immediately corrected herself, aah pin epaa kiwwane (you said you didnt need it). She wanted to clarify: Bauddha nemeida (arent you a Buddhist?). I said I was indeed a Buddhist. She seemed confused. I said pin karanne pau kaarayo (only sinners act in order to obtain merit). It was tongue-in-cheek of course.I have a very limited understanding on things pertaining to the Dhamma, but I believe that what is important or lets say useful is to abide by the principles articulated by our Budun Wahanse. If that produces a good reputation, fine. If not, we might lose out in the short time, but then again if we, even subject to our monumental ignorance, do what we believe is what is recommended as good subsequent to the employment of reason, I think the chances are that are sansaric journey is not lengthened.Careless readerWe live in a collective and therefore our actions and though are shaped by the general notions of good and evil. It is not easy to see beyond such frames, I readily acknowledge.On the other hand, consciously or unconsciously, we all indulge constantly in a weighing of two propositions: try to nurture the image that others prefer us to inhabit or be who we want to be without arrogantly, aggressively and without sensitivity plucking out the eyes of those who see differently.My Vice Principal at Royal College, the late Christie Gunasekara once said do what you think is right whether or not the world appreciates. Tough.Highly recommended though. When one tries to be who one really is the world condemns more often than not. On the other hand, Ive found that sooner or later the world appreciates or at least indulges. There are material costs involved of course but in the larger order of things, these matter very little.My friends tell me now and then that people use my name in blog-comment.Some are smart for they qualify comment with references that would indicate to the careless reader that they are indeed Malinda Seneviratne, the columnist you are reading right now. Ive seen such comments and counter-comments by people who say they are disappointed in me.Natural lawsI dont have the energy nor inclination to correct such things. My reputation (whatever that may mean) is just a passing thing, subject to the natural laws of birth, decay and death.In the larger span of history, my moment in this lifetime is like a fraction of a second and moreover one that is shared with a countless number of others. It began with dust and ends with it. No big deal. It hurts, annoys and sometimes makes me angry.As always I turn to my greatest teacher, Siddhartha Gauthama. He has all the answers. I meditate on impermanence and compassion.Life is such a light thing and lightness of being is so blissful that reputation building seems such a worthless thing. I stray often, yes, but never too far that I forget the way back to the true path that leads to a more decent and beneficial kind of existence. Or so I like to think.(The writer can be reached at msenevira@gmail.com ) Partnerships for post-flood rebuildingPosted: Mon, 17 Jan 2011 22:08:00 +0000by Jehan Perera(January 18, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) The floods that struck the country and the heavy rains that affected more than one million people have been described as one of the worst natural disasters in the countrys recent history.  The rains that poured down in virtually every part of the country generated landslides in the central hills and large scale flooding in the low lands of the north central and eastern parts. Although the death toll reported so far has been less than 40, the destruction of last tracts of agricultural land and the displacement of people has been on a larger scale than even during the Tsunami of 2004.   The large scale nature of the crisis has posed a major problem of emergency response on the part of the government and non-governmental organizations, with the government taking the lead role.  President Mahinda Rajapaksa is reported to have dispatched several ministerial teams to the flood-affected areas to assess the extent of the damage and to expedite relief measures.  Military personnel and their equipment was used to good advantage by the government for rescue purposes.  However, the government has been handicapped by the lack of resources to provide the vast number of displaced persons with the emergency assistance that is required.Usually a natural disaster of the proportions experienced at this time would see a vigorous response by local and international humanitarian organizations with the support of international donors.  This was the case during the Tsunami disaster of 2004.  The aid that Sri Lanka received from all parts of the world, and especially from Western countries, was unprecedented.  In the United Kingdom for instance, collections from the general public for tsunami relief were huge and larger than the governments aid.  A large number of international humanitarian and development organizations that had never before worked in Sri Lanka came to support the relief and recovery efforts.On this occasion, however, the non-governmental humanitarian response appears to be much more muted.  Over the past several years of the Rajapaksa presidency, Western countries and NGOs in particular have been subjected to heavy criticism by the government and also subjected to various new and ad hoc regulations.  The role of humanitarian organizations came under critical scrutiny in the aftermath of the Tsunami relief operations.  It was pointed out that there was much duplication, lack of coordination and wasteful use of resources that took place.  There were allegations that tsunami assistance was also siphoned off to support the LTTEs military campaign for a separate state.  During the last phase of the war, which followed, the government also took the position that non-governmental operations needed to be monitored and restricted on account of national security considerations. Muted Response At the present time the government has moved to regulate and control NGO activities to a greater extent than ever before.  Even humanitarian organizations that seek to assist the people of the north who were the most severely affected in the decades of war have to get government permission for their activities.  The attitude of the government towards NGOs can be summarized in the placing of the governments NGO Secretariat under the Defence Ministry.  This has given a message to other government departments and the general public that NGOs are a potential national security issue, not to be trusted and are to be viewed with suspicion. The level of governmental intervention has got so high that some international organizations have decided to leave the country. It has become very difficult for foreign humanitarian workers to get visas to work in Sri Lanka.  The international donor assistance to the country has also got reduced.  This has had a negative impact upon the work of NGOs in all areas, including those of development and relief.  The constant stream of statements by government politicians with a nationalist orientation that NGOs are a threat to national security have had their impact upon public consciousness.  It is inevitable that in these circumstances the ability of NGOs to supplement the work of the government in terms of emergency response will be limited and the response will be muted. During the present flood disaster, I came across two instances where NGO efforts to contribute to alleviating the humanitarian crisis faced setbacks.  Due to the strict government surveillance on donor assistance to NGOs, some donor agencies have expressed their reluctance and even apprehension to be flexible and give approval to NGOs to divert the money given for educational and developmental purposes for the purpose of meeting the humanitarian needs of the flood-affected people.  Although the country is facing a serious situation in the immediate and short term due to the floods, no public statement has been made as yet by the government which could generate a more flexible donor response.The other example is that of a civic committee in the south, which attempted to initiate a humanitarian response by collecting relief supplies from the people in their area to send it to the east.  Their intention was to alleviate the sufferings of the flood-affected people in the east, and also to help build bonds of inter-ethnic trust and reconciliation.   This inter-religious group also wished to broaden their initiative by inviting the government officials in their area to join their effort.  But what happened was that somewhere down the line, the belief took hold that NGOs may have ulterior motives.  The end result was that the government officials who had been invited to be a part of the group took over this civil society initiative as their own. Joint Mechanism There is no question that the government and its structures are the most powerful in society in delivering resources to the people.  The governments network of institutions and personnel that reach down to the village level through multiple channels is unparalleled, and cannot be rivaled by any non governmental body.  The role of civil society and NGOs is to fill in the gaps that macro-level and large-scale government action will tend to leave.  Another role they have is to initiate actions that awaken the sleeping giant that the government too often is.  Indeed, this is what the civic committee in the south succeeded in doing. The establishment of an emergency response mechanism based on an institutionalised partnership between civic and governmental actors would be a task for the government to undertake.The government has dealt with the immediate aftermath of the disaster by deploying security forces personnel who have been supported by local level government structures in place working closely with local and international NGOs and communities living adjacent villages and towns. Government Ministers in charge of Disaster Management and other relevant Ministers were quick to go to the flood hit areas.  The overwhelming nature of the crisis shows the importance of having international donor support and active and strong non-governmental and civil society sectors that can supplement the commendable efforts of the government. An observation to be made in this regard is the continuing importance of traditional aid giving countries and organizations in the mobilization and provision of humanitarian assistance.   In recent years, the governments relationship with these countries and organizations, most notably Western countries and the UN, have deteriorated due to two issues.  The last phase of the war with the LTTE and the delay in the governments post-war proposals for a political solution to resolve the ethnic conflict have figured high in the contention with them.  The governments strong position has been that both these issues constitute foreign interference in the internal affairs of the country. The task is not only that of providing emergency relief in the short run.  Larger political issues also need to be addressed.  President Mahinda Rajapaksas post-flood meeting with the foreign correspondents in Sri Lanka and his latest statement that the government is indeed pursuing a political solution based on power sharing at the centre and the devolution of powers is a positive move in this regard.  There is also the need to give hope to the flood-affected people that the government and larger society will share their losses and reduce the burden that has fallen on them to rebuild their lives from scratch. President Rajapaksas visit to some of the flood-affected areas and the promises he made would give encouragement to the people that the government is concerned about their fate, and not simply their votes.India's Air Force Commander Air Chief  Marshal P.V. Naik ( Photos)Posted: Mon, 17 Jan 2011 13:37:00 +0000( January 17, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) Photos Courtesy Getty Images and REUTERS India's Air Force Commander Air Chief Marshal P.V. Naik walks past a guard of honor as he arrives at the Sri Lankan Air Force headquarters in the capital of Colombo, on January 17, 2011. The Indian Airforce Chief is in Sri Lanka on a four-day visit for talks with top Sri Lankan leaders and military top brass.India's Air Force Commander Air Chief Marshal P.V. Naik (L) and Sri Lanka's Airforce Chief Roshan Goonetileke (R) discuss at the Sri Lankan Air Force headquarters in Colombo, on January 17, 2011. The Indian airforce chief is in Sri Lanka on a four-day visit for talks with top Sri Lankan leaders and military officials.India's Air Force Commander Air Chief Marshal P.V. Naik (R) walks past a guard of honor as he arrives at the Sri Lankan Air Force headquarters in the capital of Colombo, on January 17, 2011. The Indian Airforce Chief is in Sri Lanka on a four-day visit for talks with top Sri Lankan leaders and military top brass.India's Air Force Commander Air Chief Marshal P.V. Naik (L) shakes hands with Sri Lanka's Airforce Chief Roshan Goonetileke (R) at the Sri Lankan Air Force headquarters in the capital of Colombo, on January 17, 2011. The Indian airforce chief is in Sri Lanka on a four-day visit for talks with Sri Lankan leaders and military officials.India's Air Force Commander Air Chief Marshal P.V. Naik (L) walks past a guard of honor as he arrives at the Sri Lankan Air Force headquarters in the capital of Colombo, on January 17, 2011. The Indian airforce chief is in Sri Lanka on a four-day visit for talks with top Sri Lankan leaders and military top brass.A member of the Sri Lankan Air Force Police holds a bouquet during a ceremony for visiting Indian Air Force Commander Air Chief Marshal P.V. Naik at the soldiers memorial in the capital Colombo on January 17, 2011. Some 1,200 Indian soldiers were killed during a peace keeping mission on the island between July 1987 and March 1990. The Indian Airforce chief visits Sri Lanka during four days for talks with Sri Lankan leaders and military officials.India's Commander of the Air Force, Air Chief Marshal Pradeep Vasant Naik, salutes during a parade by the Sri Lankan Air Force at the Air Force Headquarters in Colombo January 17, 2011. Naik is on a visit to meet Sri Lanka's Air Force Commander and Chief of Defense Staff Air Marshal Roshan Gunathilake.Sri Lankan Air Force soldiers patrol as India's Air Force Commander Air Chief Marshal P.V. Naik visits the soldiers memorial in the capital Colombo on January 17, 2011. Some 1,200 Indian soldiers were killed during a peace keeping mission on the island between July 1987 and March 1990. The Indian Airforce chief arrived in Sri Lanka for a four-day visit for talks with Sri Lankan leaders and military officials.India's Commander of the Air Force, Air Chief Marshal Pradeep Vasant Naik (R), is welcomed by Sri Lanka's Air Force Commander and Chief of Defense Staff Air Marshal Roshan Gunathilake (L) as he arrives for a meeting at the Air Force Headquarters in Colombo January 17, 2011.India's Air Force Commander Air Chief Marshal P.V. Naik (L) shakes hands with Sri Lanka's Airforce Chief Roshan Goonetileke (R) at the Sri Lankan Air Force headquarters in Colombo, on January 17, 2011. The Indian airforce chief is in Sri Lanka on a four-day visit for talks with Sri Lankan leaders and military officials.China: US Hegemony comes under attack of some military analysts ahead of President Hu Jintaos visit to WashingtonPosted: Mon, 17 Jan 2011 06:44:00 +0000by D. S. Rajan A watermelon vendor looks at a yuan banknote at a market in Shenyang, Liaoning province in this July 9, 2010 file photograph. China's  central bank raised lenders' required reserves by 50 basis points on  Friday, its seventh increase since early 2010 in a bid to keep up a  fierce campaign against quickening inflation, effective January 20,  2011, said the People's Bank of China. It is Beijing's  latest step to mop up excess cash in the economy after annual inflation  hit a 28-month high of 5.1 percent in November. Picture taken July 9,  2010. - REUTERS PHOTOS( January 17, Chennai, Sri Lanka Guardian)  President Hu Jintao of the Peoples Republic of China (PRC) is scheduled to pay a state visit to the United States (US) from 18 to 21 January 2011, at the invitation of his US counterpart Barack Obama. The forthcoming event involving the most important foreign relation exercise for the PRC is naturally   getting close attention of a cross section of Chinese society- leaders, officials, think tanks and media observers. So is the case with the world at large which is eager to have a glimpse into what China, the super power in making and the US, the sole remaining global super power, are expecting out of the visit.  In a broad sense, the opinions expressed in China have welcomed the visit on the basis of the countrys perceived need to keep the momentum in bilateral ties going, through holding of high level China-US dialogue and promoting mutual cooperation. It however appears that the Chinese observers do not foresee any   specific outcome from the event concerning any contentious issue  Taiwan, Tibet, trade surplus, exchange rate, North Korea and military modernisation in China. They have nevertheless given some clues to what could happen.  Setting up of a framework for bilateral relations in the next decade for resolving gaps on specific issues during the visit has been considered as probable (Qu Xing, Director, China Institute of International Studies, Xinhua, 14 January 2011).  There are also indications that certain sections associated with the Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) are maintaining suspicions about US strategic intentions vis--vis China; no doubt they are not opposing the visit, but their perceptions on the US, as distinct from those of others, speak for themselves.  What are the American views? As US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton puts it (Washington, 14 January 2011), there is a need for real action on real issues like reduced tensions and deployments with respect to Taiwan question. Reports say that Obama may take up with Hu the issue of Chinese reduction of missiles deployed against Taiwan (Taipei Times, 16 January 2011). Secondly, the Western media feels that the visit may not see a forward movement on the thorny issue of US military presence in the Asia-Pacific region, going by the statement of US Defence Secretary Robert Gates (Seoul, 14 January 2011) that such a presence is essential for restraining Chinese assertiveness. .   Chinas views on the visit merit examination in detail. Among Chinas leaders, what the PRC President Hu Jintao stated to the visiting US Defence Secretary Robert Gates (Beijing, 11 January 2011) has been most significant for future bilateral ties. Hu stressed that China and the US share extensive common interests and enjoy broad prospects for cooperation.  Earlier, Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi remarked that Hus visit would promote further growth of China-US ties in the new era (New York, 6 January 2011). Soon Chinese officials and media took up the same theme; the PRC Ambassador to the US, Zhang Yesui (Washington, 12 January 2011) observed that the common interests of China and the US outweigh their divergence and dialogue and cooperation are the mainstream of bilateral relations and the Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Cui Tiankai (Lanting Forum, 14 January 2011) said that there is no alternative to China-US cooperation, which is also conducive to rejuvenation of the Asia-Pacific region and that the two sides should seek common ground while reserving differences. A lengthy signed article in the authoritative Peoples Daily (12 January 2011) asked the nation to greet the historic opportunity for China-US ties with confidence, adding that the differences between the two nations are normal and that both should respect mutual sovereignty and territorial integrity. There have been unmistakable signs towards Chinas calculated attempts to downplay the differences with the US in the run up to the visit; these may go to show Chinas realisation of importance to preserve at this moment the already established  positive, cooperative and comprehensive bilateral relationship, which came under strains in the recent period. As instances, Beijing clarified that the development of PRCs military hardware like J-20 stealth fighter is not aimed at any other country (Defence Minister Liang Guanglie to US Defence Secretary Robert Gates, Beijing, 10 January 2011) and even accepted reasonable US presence in Asia-Pacific region (Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Cui Tiankai, Beijing, 14 January 2011). Also, the PRC assured that it will not seek hegemony and compete with the US and Western powers by force of arms like J-20 (Rear Admiral Yang Yi, former Director, Institute for Strategic Studies, National Defence University) .In addition, the PRC indicated that it would not again freeze the China-US working level defence talks in protest to Washingtons arms sales to Taipei; notable is what Gates said in reciprocity - the US is willing to reduce arms sales to Taiwan in future if tensions ease between the Mainland and Taiwan. The essence of what certain Chinese military analysts have stated as the visit was coming near, appears in contrast to the positive sentiments brought out in the preceding paragraphs. Writing under the caption  US Seeks Hegemony: Contain China by Making Use of China, in the  Hongqi Wengao (Red Flag Manuscript, managed by Qiu Shi, the theoretical organ of the Chinese Communist Party, 28 December 2010), three scholars belonging to the PLA General Staff Department-controlled Nanjing Army Command Institute (Wang Zhijun, Jing Shi and Li Dezhong) accused the US for causing troubles after troubles to China in 2010 through its actions like arms sales to Taiwan, internationalisation of South China Sea issue and  open support to Japan on DiaoYu (Senkakus) problem.  The three experts further charged the US for establishing military bases in the Asia-Pacific region under the pretext of preventing Chinas threat and harming the trade partnership ties between China and surrounding nations. Washington in particular encouraged the ASEAN nations to suspect China. Such moves which violate Chinas national rights, show that the US is gradually building an anti- China United Front, so as to enhance the degree and strength of its plan to encircle and contain   China. Although containing China is a broad US strategy, Washington realises that if Chinas development stagnates, the same will not be in its interests. Facing the situation under which the US comparative superiority in national strength is obviously falling, the world multipolarisation process is progressing and Chinas development is becoming unstoppable in reality, the US feels the objective necessity to rejuvenate itself and make its economy strong; for this it needs a strong China, but with a China well below the US in terms of national strength. The analysts then criticised the US for trying to make use of China for realising its strategic plan to lead the world.  The Chinese military scholars added that in the Asia-Pacific region, Washington intends to establish hegemony by making use of the strengths of regional countries, both traditional allies and new partners. This makes it to spread the canard of China threat among such countries. In doing so, Washington is disregarding objective reality of 30- 50% gap between the military strengths of US and China. Such a situation is making the regional powers suspicious on China, which the US wants to exploit for its competition to secure sea rights. As Washington aims to make the nations in Chinas neighbourhood to serve its strategy to contain China, a tense situation in the region has come into being. The analysts at the same time pointed out that such nations are not keen to serve the interests of US strategy as they have come to depend on China markets. In conclusion, they called upon China to firmly deal with the US, which follows a strategy to contain China.   What is the meaning of the anti-US views expressed by PLA scholars?  The hawkish stand against the US and the West coming from Chinas experts affiliated to the military is not new. Senior Colonel Liu Mingfu, attached to the National Defence University, Col Dai Xu of Chinas Air Force and Rear Admiral Yang Yi, have in the recent past adopted strong anti-US positions interalia accusing Washington of trying to encircle China. What is important is that the latest military comments critical of the US have appeared in the most authoritative party theoretical magazine, that too close to Hu Jintaos impending visit to the US. Questions arise  is there any indirect objection to the visit within China? Is there any division between the party and government on one hand and the military on the other on how to approach the US? The answer is clearly No. In principle, the Chinese Communist Party always commands the gun and the PLA has to obey the party line. Intriguing in this regard is the admission of the   party-controlled Global Times (14 January 2011), first such instance to be noticed, that China has so called hard-liners and pragmatic group. The picture in any case remains opaque and no final word can be said at this moment. The PLAs apparent increasing involvement in the countrys foreign policy making, may signal that an internal debate on balancing the diplomatic and security interests of the country, is in progress within the country albeit with official blessings; this may be meant to benefit the PRCs fifth generation leadership slated to take over in 2012 in its policy making. In any case, one thing is certain - the PLA factor is going to keep the hands of China watchers in the world full in the coming years.   (The writer, Mr D.S.Rajan, is Director, Chennai Centre for China Studies, Chennai, India. Email: director.c3s@gmail.com)               Invasions,violence, atrocities and plunder characterize the Dravidian involvement in Sri Lanka from 230 BCEPosted: Sun, 16 Jan 2011 23:06:00 +0000by Dr. Daya HewapathiraneOVERVIEW(January 17, Toronto, Sri Lanka Guardian) Recorded history states that Sri Lanka was invaded as much as seventeen times by South Indian Dravidian Tamil speaking invaders since 230 BCE. Coming with armies of Tamils from South India they ruthlessly wiped out entire Sinhala villages along their way to Anuradhapura and Polonnaruwa the royal capitals of the past. These highly prosperous Sinhala Buddhist capitals were ransacked and plundered and the people subject to untold atrocities. They killed Sinhala Kings or forced them to the retreat to the south. These Tamil invaders sat on the Sinhala throne and ruled over the Sinhala people for about 170 years at different times.The Tamil threat to the Sinhala Buddhist kingdoms had become very real in the fifth and sixth centuries CE. Three Hindu empires in southern India--the Pandya, Pallava, and Chola, were becoming more assertive. Tamil ethnic and religious consciousness matured during this period. In the meantime, in India, Buddhism was becoming vulnerable to pressure and absorption by Hinduism and its influence was receding. It was during this time that Chola, Pallava and Pandya Tamils   were instrumental in repeated invasions and threats to our Buddhist Sinhala rulers.Our country experienced terror in its worst forms never known in our land before,  during the invasions and rule of the Dravidian Kalinga Magha and later in recent years under the Tamil terrorist Prabakaran. The crime-prone rule of Kalinga Magha prevailed for 21 years from the year 1201. The Tamil Pandyan and Tamil Nayakka intrusion into Sinhala royal families led to our traditional royalty going into disarray after the 13th century, and the eventual decline of the stability and magnanimity of the Sinhala Buddhist nation.Some Tamils came to our country as mercenaries. Propensity to violence and criminal activities is not a recent development among Tamils. The history of Tamil involvement in our country is marked by excessive violence. This characterizes the history of Tamil invasions and involvements in our country from early times. This makes one think whether violence has become a part of the mental and psychological structure of the average Tamil.Whether the outrageous and violent attitudes of Tamils in general, towards Sri Lanka have changed in recent times is questionable when one learns of the outrageous public pronouncements of Tamil leaders of Tamil Nadu - the Homeland of Tamils.  It was as recent as May 2009 that Jayalalitha called for Indian troops to invade Sri Lanka to help create a Tamil state. This dim-witted  woman is a former Chief Minister of Tamilnadu, the current Leader of Opposition and Leader of one of the largest Tamil political parties in India.FIRST TAMIL INVADERS  SENA AND GUTTIKA (22 Years)The first invasion around 230 BCE, was by two brothers who ruled on the Sinhala throne over the Sinhala people for 22 years till they were killed by a Sinhala prince from the south. The first reported account of South Indian Tamil rule in Sri Lanka was during the period 237-215 BCE by the horse dealers. SENA and GUTTIKA. who killed the Sinhala king Suratissa and usurped the Sinhala throne and occupied the throne at Anurdhapura for twenty two years. In 215 BCE, Sinhala king ASELA, the brother of Surastisssa   and brother of King Devanampiyatissa regained the kingdom from Tamil invaders and ruled from 215 to 205 BCE.TAMIL ELARA (44 Years)Ten years later, a Chola Tamil South Indian invader named Elara, came and slew the legitimate Sinhala king Asela, and ruled Rajarata from Anuradhapura. He held the Sinhala throne for 44 years (205-161 BCE). This Tamil invader was slained by Prince Dutugemunu and the entire country was unified under his rule.WAR WAGED BY SEVEN TAMILSValagambahu became the king of Anuradhapura Kingdom in103 BCE.  Five months after becoming king, he was overthrown by a Tamil invasion from South India. Seven Tamils waged war against king Valagambahu - Pulahatta (or Pulahatha), Bahiya, Panaya Mara,  Pilaya Mara, Dathiya. In 88 BCE these Tamils were deposed by Valagambahu ending Tamil rule. Valagambahu I (89-77) BCE restored the Dutugamunu dynasty.SIX PANDYAN TAMIL INVADERS (428 - 452 CE)There was a twenty-four year period from 428 to 452 CE, when six Pandyan Tamil invaders ruled the country- Pandu  428-433, Parinda  433, Khuda Parinda  433-449, Tiritara  449, Dathiya - 449-452.  King Dhatusena defeated the last two of these Tamil usurpers and ruled our nation from 452 to 470 CE.PANDYAN AND CHOLA INVASIONS IN THE 9TH CENTURY CEBy the middle of the ninth century, the Pandyans had risen to a position of ascendancy in southern India, invaded northern Sri Lanka, and ransacked Anuradhapura.  During the period 846 to 866 CE, Pandyan Tamils invaded and plundered Anuradhapura.TAMIL VIOLENCE LED TO ABANDONMENT OF ANURADHAPURA -THE ROYAL CAPITAL OF 1400 YEARSIn 993, the Chola Emperor Raja raja-I invaded Sri Lanka, forcing the then Sri Lankan ruler Mahinda V to flee to the southern part of the country. Rajendra I son of Raja raja -I, launched a large invasion and Mahinda V was captured and taken prisoner to India where he died in 1037. Mahinda V (917-1007), was the last Sinhala king to rule from Anuradhapura. These Cholas ransacked the city of Anuradhapura and moved the capital to Polonnaruwa and subsequent Sri Lankan rulers who came into power after the Chola reign continued to use Polonnaruwa as the capital, thus ending the Anuradhapura regime.TAMIL PLUNDER OF ANURADHAPURARajadhiraja Chola II (1166-1178 C.E.) who was a Chola king in India had serious disputes with the Pandyans and the Sinhala rulers on the opposite side, bringing untold misery to both sides. This civil war that resulted between the Cholas and Pandyan Tamils brought power to Pandyans resulting in invasions and plunder of Anuradhapura.ROYAL CAPITAL RELOCATED IN POLONNARUWA OWING TO TAMIL INVASIONS AND VIOLENCECHOLAS OUSTED FROM POLONNARUWAVIJAYABAHU- I (1045-1095 CE) ousted the Chola Tamils from Anuradhapura and regained the Rajarata Sinhala kingdom. He chose Polonnaruwa as his capital. It is also significant that Hindu Devales were respected and Tamil soldiers were maintained in the service of the king.  King Vijayabahu had Leelavati as his chief queen, but also married a princess from Kalinga Royal Family as his second wife. From her he had a son named Vikrama Bahu and a daughter named Ratnavali.  His sister, Mitta, was given in marriage to a Pandyan Prince who had three sons, the eldest of whom named Manabharana, became the husband of Ratnavali. Their son was Parakrama Bahu. I.PARAKRAMA BAHU- I (1140-1173 CE)  Grandson of Vijaya Bahu- I, a Prince of Royal Blood, of Pandyan descent, as the son of Manabharana and Vijaya Bahus sister Mitta. Parakrama Bahu- I became King in 1140 and reigned for thirty three years leaving behind no heir to the throne. This led to the nomination of VIJAYABAHU II as king (1173-1174 CE) He was Parakrama Bahus sister's sonNISSANKA MALLA (Kirti Sri Nissanka) 1174-1183 CE was a Kalinga Prince and his reign was followed by a period of utmost political instability resulting in downfall of the Rajarata kingdom and the former glory of Polonnaruva.TAMIL INVASIONS DURING POLONNARUWA ERADuring the reign of Queen Lilavati 1197-1198 CE  the Widow of King Parakrama Bahu  a South Indian Pandyan Tamil invader deposed her and became the king and ruled for three years.KALINGA MAGHA INVASION (1201-1222 CE)In 1201 Sri Lanka was invaded by MAGHA a Dravidian Kalinga prince who took the king captive, tortured him and robbed him of all riches. He ruled for 21 years until 1222 CE. The ferocity, cruelty and barbarism of Tamils were unprecedented. These Tamils ransacked the kingdom, killed man and beast, broke images, destroyed temples, viharas, tortured the rich of their wealth and gave land to Cholas. The Tooth and Bowl relics were hidden. Kalinga Magha tyrannized the inhabitants of Raja Rata and extended his invasion to the south of the country where he was counter-attacked by the Sinhala and this Tamil terrorist escaped death and ran back to India with some of his soldiers.These Tamils ransacked the kingdom, killed man and beast, broke images, destroyed temples, viharas, tortured the rich of their wealth and gave land to Cholas. The Tooth and Bowl relics were hidden. Kalinga Magha tyrannized over the inhabitants of Raja Rata and extended his invasion to the south of the country, but was compelled to retreat by the forces of Vijaya Bahu-III of Maya Rata (1222-1226 CE) and was killed by the Sinhala on his way back to India.INSECURITY BROUGHT ABOUT BY TAMILS A MAIN REASON FOR RELOCATION OF CAPITALSVIJAYA BAHU -III (1222-1226 CE) who expelled Magha the Tamil invaders from Maya Rata, moved the seat of government to Dambadeniya.  He had two sons named Parakramabahu and Bhuvaneka Bahu.PANDITHA PARAKRAMA BAHU- II (1226-1257 CE)  the eldest son of Vijaya Bahu- III became the king after his father Vijaya Bahu- III. The new king was known as Panditha Parakramabahu - II, on account of his great learning.Chandra Bhanu the Tamil, who claimed to be a ruler of Jaffna, went to war with Panditha Parakrama Bahu and was defeated mercilessly.Although Panditha Parakramabahu was crowned at Polonnaruwa he ruled at Dambadeniya. He reigned as king over the whole of Lanka for thirty five years and upon his death was succeeded by his son, Vijaya Bahu who ruled for two years and political instability followed with several kings who ruled for short periods of time.REPEATEDLY INVADED BY INDIAN TAMIL FORCESBHUVANEKA BAHU- I ascended the throne in 1259 and ruled until 1270. During the early part of his reign our country was repeatedly but unsuccessfully invaded by Indian Tamil forces. He initially ruled from Dambadeniya and later shifted his capital to Yapahuva. The life of Yapahuva as the capital of Lanka lasted only till the death of King Bhuvaneka Bahu- I, when it was subjugated and despoiled by another Tamil invasion.INVASION OF TAMIL PANDYAN ARMYPARAKRAMA BAHU  III, the nephew of Buvaneka Bahu- I, became king in 1270 and ruled for five years in Polonnaruwa. During his reign the island was invaded by a Pandyan army led by one Chakravarti. The invaders succeeded in capturing the forces of Yapahuva and carrying off the sacred Tooth-Relics to India. The Sinhala king succeeded in bringing it back to Lanka and placed the relics in Polonnaruwa.BUVANEKA BAHU - II (1275-1277CE)  Son of Buvaneka Bahu- I, cousin of Parakrama Bahu- III who had a Pandyan connection ruled from Kurunegala.PANDYAN INVASIONPARAKRAMA BAHU - IV (1277-1301 CE)  son of Buvaneka Bahu II proclaimed himself king against the Pandyan Emperor Kulasekera.   Kulasekera came himself to avenge the killing of his nephew Parakrama Bahu- III by Buwanekabahu -II. He invaded Yapa Patuna Kingdom and captured it.FeedBurner delivers the world's subscriptions wherever they need to go. Publish a feed for text or podcasting? You should try FeedBurner today.