Sri Lanka GuardianHomeCONTACT USDISCLAIMER NOTICECOLUMNISTSROLE, GOAL & MISSIONHOMENEWSEDITORIALDEFENCEOPINIONWORLD VIEWOPEN LETTERSSTATEMENTSTAMILSINHALAPrev123456NextJudge dodging investigation must quitPosted by Sri Lanka GuardianAHRC,Human Rights,India,K.G.Balakrishnan,RuleofLaw,SoniaGandhi,worldview9:09:00 PMAction vs. Reaction[ CORRUPTION ----- ANTI- CORRUPTION ]Former CJ K.G. Balakrishnan and the President of the All India Congress  Sonia Gandhi - File PhotoThe resolution passed by the High Court Advocates' Association casts a binding obligation upon the Government of India to act upon it. It also creates a moral obligation upon similar entities in the country to ensure that the suspected judge does not further damage the already poor public perception about state institutions in India. The integrity of institutions is only good to the extent of trustworthiness of the persons who leads them. Related articles:01. Stop talking and start acting 02. "We must be more than a giant election machine"03. Is Justice Balakrishnan holding a devil's brief?04. Judicial transparency is not an act of charity(January 19, Hong Kong- Kerala, Sri Lanka Guardian) The Kerala High Court Advocates' Association, in an extraordinary general body meeting held yesterday, resolved to request the Ministry of Law and Justice, Government of India to undertake an investigation about the charges of corruption alleged against the former Chief Justice of India, Mr. K. G. Balakrishnan and the members of his family. The resolution also calls upon the former judge to resign from his present job as the Chairperson of the National Human Rights Commission of India (NHRC) and to face an independent investigation. Out of the estimated 300 lawyers who participated in the debate concerning the resolution, about 275 lawyers voted in favour and 20 lawyers voted against the resolution.That the resolution, the first of its kind in the legal history of India, is by the 'home Bar' of the former judge is significant. The fact that it is from this Bar that Balakrishnan was called upon to serve as a judge at the Kerala High Court, and it is in the same Bar where his relatives who are suspected of corruption are currently practicing adds weight to the decision by the Association. Balakrishnan is yet to publically respond to the resolution.The resolution reiterates public opinions already expressed by persons from various quarters concerning the issue. Senior politicians including present and past ministers, lawyers, academics, journalists and judges have repeatedly demanded the resignation of the former judge from his present position as the Chairperson of the NHRC. It is not a matter of sheer liberal morality or embarrassment that obligates the former judge to step down from the constitutional office he continues to occupy, despite tenable and thus serious, allegations of corruption. On the contrary, the ouster of the suspected judge from his present office is a legal and practical necessity to undertake an independent investigation into the allegations levelled against him and the members of his family. The Advocate General of Kerala had ordered the judge's brother, a special prosecutor in the state who is also suspected to be involved in corruption, to go on leave until the investigation in the case is over. It might be worth mentioning here that the accused judge's sister-in-law, a former judge in the subordinate judiciary and the wife of the prosecutor who is now asked to go on leave, also had lost office in the past after being caught red-handed, twice, accepting bribes. It is alleged that the former Chief Justice, who was at the time a High Court judge intervened in the case misusing his privileges and influence as a judge thereby successfully preventing a criminal case being registered against his sister-in-law.The allegations of corruption have caused a serious dent upon the already poor image of the country's judiciary. The continuing impunity enjoyed by the accused judge and his relatives is serious enough an affair to further demoralise not just the judiciary, but the entire legal community in the country and also the general public. Having a judge with seriously suspected credentials at the helm of affairs of a national institution like the NHRC trivialises the mandate of the NHRC. This in many ways augment views expressed by a relatively small number of senior bureaucrats and police officers who are antagonistic to the mandate of the human rights commissions (state and national), that these are institutions created and existing merely to serve the interests of judges once they retire from service, from the High Court or the Supreme Court. Reports and interventions made by the NHRC, as long as Balakrishnan remains as its Chairperson, will face serious challenges as to its truthfulness. The circumstances, no doubt, will certainly affect, if not already, the performance of the Chairperson while discharging his duties. This is an unacceptable scenario.The resolution passed by the High Court Advocates' Association casts a binding obligation upon the Government of India to act upon it. It also creates a moral obligation upon similar entities in the country to ensure that the suspected judge does not further damage the already poor public perception about state institutions in India. The integrity of institutions is only good to the extent of trustworthiness of the persons who leads them.  Mr. Balakrishnan's case is not just about a tainted judge or about the suspected illegal wealth his family might have amassed misusing nothing less than the country's judiciary. The issues at debate concern the quintessence of the perception of justice in the country. Any act that would help to preserve the last figments of public confidence in the country's justice institutions must be welcomed during these hours of hardship. In that, Balakrishnan would do a favour to the country and to its people should he resign from the office of the Chairperson of the NHRC and face investigation like any honourable citizen.The copy of the letter issued to the Secretary of the Kerala High Court Advocates' Association requesting permission to move the resolution and the copy of the resolution passed by the Association is pasted below for your information.Date: 12-01-2011To,The Secretary,Kerala High Court Advocates AssociationSir,We, the undersigned members, propose to move the following resolution for consideration of the general body and to discuss the same.  This has been necessitated due to the alarming allegations of corruption brought to light from different quarters against the Former Chief Justice of India, Sri. K. G. Balakrishnan and against his close relatives, who have amassed wealth disproportionate of their known sources of income.---------(Signed)Mr. Saied AlikuttyAdvocate and 107 other lawyers----------------------Resolution as passed by the Kerala High Court Advocates Association on 18-01-2011RESOLUTIONWe, the members of the Kerala High Court Advocates Association, express our deep concern shock and anguish over the alarming allegations of corruption brought out from different sources against Sri. K. G. Balakrishnan, the Former Chief Justice of India and his close relatives, who have allegedly amassed wealth disproportionate to their known sources of income.  We appeal to the Ministry of Law and Justice, Government of India to order a detailed probe into the allegations by an independent investigating agency like the Central Bureau of Investigation and further probe by the Directorate of Enforcement and the Department of Income Tax.We further appeal to Mr. K. G. Balakrishnan to demit the office of the Chairman of the National Human Rights Commission, to uphold the dignity, integrity, and the decorum of the legal profession and judiciary, until he is exonerated of all the charges after an investigation.------------(Signed)1. Secretary - Kerala High Court Advocates' Association2. President - Kerala High Court Advocates' Association( Above statement issued by the Asian Human Rights Commission is a regional non-governmental organisation that monitors human rights in Asia, documents violations and advocates for justice and institutional reform to ensure the protection and promotion of these rights. The Hong Kong-based group was founded in 1984.)US & CHINA: FRIENDS OR FOES?Posted by Sri Lanka GuardianB.Raman,Barack Obama,China,Diplomacy,Hu Jintao,US,worldview9:55:00 AMby B.Raman(January 19, Chennai, Sri Lanka Guardian) China has emerged as a leading economic power next only in importance to the US. It is seeking to achieve a military capability commensurate with its economic strength, but its military capability cannot equal that of the US for many years to come. The US has no reason to fear China's growing military strength. Both can have their space in the Pacific without threatening each other. Hopes of  a greater sense of realism and  a greater comfort level between the two countries after Barack Obama assumed office in January 2009 have been belied. The expectations created after Obama's visit to China in November 2009  have remained unfulfilled. The time has come for mid-course corrections in their policies towards each other by the two countries. President Obama and Chinese President Hu Jintao should address this question during their talks in Washington DC.These are broadly the themes voiced by governmental and non-governmental personalities in China as Hu started his current bilateral visit to the US on January 18---- his second  since he took over as the Chinese President. The first was in April 2006, when George Bush was the US President.The disquiet  in the Chinese mind over the way the relations have evolved under Obama is evident from an editorial titled " Sino-US relationship must be better defined" carried by the Communist Party-controlled "Global Times" on January 18, the day Hu arrived in Washington to be welcomed at the Andrews Air Force base by Vice-President Joe Biden. His only engagement on the day of his arrival was a private dinner with Obama. The State visit starts  on January 19.The "Global Times" wrote : "As the two most powerful countries in the world, China and the US should clarify their relationship, and lay speculations to rest. It is not easy to give this bilateral relationship a clear definition, but perhaps they can start from what it is not. The US has been running the table on how to position Sino-US relations. Former President Bill Clinton declared it a constructive strategic partnership. But it has retreated from those heady days. The word "partnership" is still mentioned, but no longer recorded in official documents, replaced by terms such as "constructive cooperation" or "stakeholders." It shows the US' misgivings in taking China as a friend. But is China a foe of the US? US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates openly stated that China is not a potential enemy of the US. Attempts to drive a wedge between the two countries have not gained traction in the US and the West. President Hu's visit will be placed under a global microscope. It is good timing for Washington to declare that China and the US are not enemies today, and will not be in the future. This clarification will remove many uncertainties that may jeopardize global stability."As Hu arrived, comments from US officials would not have been very encouraging for the Chinese. The emphasis was not on  a strategic partnership, but on achieving a "workable" relationship.A curtain-raiser  commentary on the visit by the Agence France Presse (AFP) said:"The White House has minutely planned the visit, with top members of Obama's national security team, frankly laying out areas of disagreement - though also stressing the vital nature of workable relations to America's future. Washington has also made clear it wants to talk to China about moderating its ally North Korea's belligerence, and officials said they believe their pressure on Beijing on the issue might be beginning to show results. On Tuesday, the White House was forced to defend the decision to offer a state visit to Hu, despite the fact that the two sides appear to be as far apart as ever on crucial human rights questions. "We will continue to have difficult conversations, but necessary conversations that have to be had with China and we'll do that again tomorrow," White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters. "In order to make progress on certain issues you've seen the two countries work together, despite, again, continuing to have differences on things like continued economic growth and human rights."The remarks of Hillary Clinton, the US Secretary of State, on the relations between China and the US made last week would not have been music to the ears of the Chinese. She was quoted as saying: "This is not a relationship that fits neatly into the black and white categories like friend or rival.We are two complex nations with very different histories, with profoundly difficult political systems and outlooks."The call for a re-definition of the relationship to restore its importance in the US foreign policy making  has  come not only from Chinese analysts and sections of the Chinese media such as the "Global Times". It has also come from  former US policy-makers such as  Zbigniew  Brzezinski , former National Security Adviser, and Henry Kissinger, former National Security Adviser and Secretary of State. The Chinese have been highlighting with considerable nostalgie that Hu's visit coincides with the 40 th anniversary of the first secret visit of Kissinger to China in July 1971, which set the ball rolling for a rappochement between the US and China which benefitted the US greatly in its cold war with the USSR.The Chinese have also been recalling wistfully a reported remark of Kissinger during one of his visits to China that all US Presidents understand the importance of China, but do not have a proper understanding of China  when they come to office.The Chinese are hoping that the definite downward slide in the US-China relations during 2010 was only due to the inadequate understanding of   China by Obama and that as result of the current talks with Hu,  inadequacies in understanding will be removed and 2011 will see  a turn for the better  in the bilateral relations.Beijing does not seem to understand that whatever be the warm words used by Obama and others during his visit to Washington, the question mark over China has become even bigger in the eyes of the Americans due to their assertiveness in the South and East China Seas, their unwillingness to pressure  North Korea to behave, their accelerated military-build-up and the growing signs of the increasing role of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) in external policy making---particularly with regard to relations with the US.The Chinese action in  holding the first test flight of their stealth aircraft when Robert Gates, the US Defence Secretary, was on a visit to Beijing from January 9 to 12 to improve military-military relations has added to the concerns of the US regarding China's real military intentions. It has been seen as a blatant Chinese attempt to flaunt their growing military might when Gates was in Beijing.This was an extremely insensitive action on their part which has made the Americans ask themselves even more intensely than in the past: Is China a friend or foe?Hu wants to reassure the Americans that whatever it might or might not do, China is a friend of the US. Will he be able to carry conviction? ( The writer is Additional Secretary (retd), Cabinet Secretariat, Govt. of India, New Delhi, and, presently, Director, Institute For Topical Studies, Chennai, and Associate of the Chennai Centre For China Studies. E-mail: seventyone2@gmail.com )Survivor of cross fire exposed the art  of extrajudicial killingPosted by Sri Lanka GuardianBangladesh,police torture,William Gomes,worldview7:27:00 AMby William GomesSri Lanka Guardian Correspondent in Dhaka, Bangladesh Shyamol Bepariwho died on so called cross fire photograph by William Gomes for Sri Lanka Guardian(January 19, Dhaka,Sri Lanka Guardian )The extrajudicial killings by the law enforcement agency is increasing each and everyday in Bangladesh . Almost everyday its easy to find out a news of cross firein newspapers saying  arms recovered the criminal killed in so called cross fire  some law enforcer are injured.      Only in the years 2010, 127 people had fallen victim to extra-judicial killings among whom 101 had been killed in so called  'cross-fire' with the law enforcers.Everyday  the preplanned cool minded murder in the name of cross fire  is going on  by the law enforcers while none of them were brought under law.In absence of proper enforcement of law and lack of the political will of governments the perpetrators of extrajudicial killings are getting impunity and innocent people are loosing hope in the judiciary and rule of law.Police in execution  :  A young worker 'Shyamol Bepary', 25, was killed and a teenage boy ' Asif Anik', 17,  was injured in so called crossfirewith police  at West Rampura in the city in the early hours of January 15th .A police patrol team spotted a gang as it gathered at Balurmath area of west Rampura  near the Mahanagar Project at around 2:00am to commit a crime,said Rampura police sub-inspector Swadhin Chandra Talukder.The shootout occurred when the police team challenged them, the gang opened fire on the law-enforcers, prompting the latter to fire back, the Rampura police said.At one stage the miscreants fled the scene leaving the two injured. After the gunfight, the patrol team found Shyamal and Anik lying in a pool of blood on the spot with bullet wounds, they added.Shyamol Bepari, 25, and Asif Anik, 17, were admitted to Dhaka Medical College Hospital (DMCH) where Shyamol died around 8:00am. Later Anik was shifted to National Institute of Traumatology, Orthopaedics and Rehabilitation (Pongu Hospital) around noon.The discriptions of the events leading to the so called crossfire given by the Rampura police differed a lot from a press release on of  Dhaka Metropolitan Police on the issue.     Rampura police said when the police team challenged them, the gang opened fire on the law-enforcers, prompting the latter to fire back.Both the injured were taken to Dhaka Medical College Hospital, where Shyamal succumbed to his injuries at 9:00am.Dhaka Metropolitan Police in a press release said, a police team along with two detainees named Shyamal and Anik went on an operation against a group of miscreants at Balurmath near the Mahanagor Project at about 1:45am on Januray 15th .As the team approached the spot, the miscreants opened fire on the police in an effort to take away their detained accomplishes, triggering a gunfight that left both the detainees wounded on the spot, the DMP press relase said.Art of Killing : Cross Fire  :On 17th January admitted on National Institute of Traumatology and Orthopaedic Rehabilitation Anik told the Srilanka Guradian that I was picked up by plainclothesmen on Janurary 14th  on my  way back home from the Jumma prayer.Anik told the Srilanka Guradian that the plainclothesmen took me around different places in the city and then  to the police station blindfolded,Aniks family said to the Srilanka Guradian  that to the police demanded Tk 1 lakh from us for his release.The police however denied the allegation.Anik told the Srilanka Guardin from other place police arrested two other young man one of them was Shymal ,they police took us towards Balurmath near the Mahanagor Project in a micro at around 2am on januray15thThe police asked me to give arms otherwise will kill you , the police asked Shymal the same and we replied we don't have any arms ,then police fired on air two times and then fired on my right leg and on shaymals siad AnikThe police left us there for half an hour we were fight with life and death we beg them for life but they did not hear our prayers for life ,in one stage I got senlsess when I weakup I findout in hospital bed added AnikWhile receiving Shyamals body from the DMCH morgue, his elder brother Khayrul Bapary told Srilanka Guardian  that Shyamal was picked up by plainclothesmen from East Rampura at about 7:00pm on Januray 14thKhyrul said my brother was killed by the police ,we want justiceHuman Rights Activist Mehedi Hasan Said This is cool minded murder by the police officials. According to Universal Declaration of Human Rights Everyone has the right to life, liberty and security of personand No one shall be held in slavery or servitude; slavery and the slave trade shall be prohibited in all their forms.But here we have found that the police killed the innocent young man ,its a clear breach of Right to life which is a fundamental rights stated in our constitution and its a breach on international standard of Human Rights.He said with this so called  cross fire the number become 259 since the Awami League-led alliance came to office, although the AL in its election manifesto had promised to put an end to extrajudicial killings. With out political willingness and total reformation of criminal justice system the extrajudicial killings will never come to an end.( William Gomes is our correspondent in Dhaka, Bangladesh. He can be reached at william@srilankaguardian.org )Rajarata chronic kidney disease: Unidentified etiologyPosted by Sri Lanka Guardiancolumnists,Nalin de Silva4:19:00 AMby Nalin de Silva(January 19, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) We at the Chinthana Parshadaya became interested in the Rajarata chronic kidney disease unidentified etiology (RCKDunet) about four years ago, as we were worried about the patients and also due to the spread of the disease in the so-called border villages in the Rajarata. Of course, today thanks to the President and the heroic soldiers there are no border villages though the NGO and other pundits who used these terms still occupy the centre of the intellectual landscape thanks to the hegemony of the western Christian modernity. These pseudo intellectuals who are nothing but imitators who have not produced a single new concept or a theory have to be sent to the boundary from the centre, and I can see that the writing is on the wall even if they do not realise it.The western medicine men in the Chinthana Parshadaya first suspected cynobacteria but it was found that it was not present in sufficient concentrations. The Chinthana Parshadaya did not have sufficient funds nor laboratory facilities to continue with the work and we had to be mere observers or rather receivers of information from those who were actively involved with the "research" connected with RCKDunet. However, recently some of us promoted ourselves from being passive observers to active "researchers" and formed a group in the Faculty of Science, University of Kelaniya under my leadership. Though I am not a western biologist, a western medicine man, not even a western Mathematician or a Physicist, by virtue of being the Dean of the Faculty I have been invited to be the leader of the group. There are western Biologists, Chemists, western medical practitioners (from other universities) and a western Mathematician (for Mathematical modelling) in the group and we have already obtained some preliminary results that are not in agreement with results already published by others.As the terms unidentified etiology imply the causes of the RCKDunet are unknown to western medicine. Though diabetic patients and those with high blood pressure could end up as chronic kidney patients, Rajarata patients do not suffer from these ailments in general. The unidentified causes have to be identified, and we as a group are not merely interested in the identification of the causes alone as we would like to find a cure for this chronic kidney disease from which our innocent poor people in the Rajarata or Vev Bandi Rajya suffer. Our work is multidisciplinary in the true sense of the word and we will come out with more details as we proceed. At present it would be sufficient to say that we are somewhat different from other groups involved in western science.Our approach is holistic, and we do not separate the sources of water from the environment and confine ourselves to an analysis of water found in wells and Vevas in the region. The Vevas of the Sinhalas are not mere tanks or reservoirs and we have a good knowledge of the Vevas from writings of late Mr. Mudiyanse Tennakone in the Divaina about twenty five years ago. Since then we have accumulated knowledge from other sources, Oh! Not from western sources, and we know the involvement of the Nagas in the construction of the Vevas. The Naga symbols found at the Vevas not only indicate the fact that they are associated with water and that they protect the Vevas but also the fact that they were involved in the construction of these massive structures.The late Mr. Mudiyanse Tennakone had taught us about vev thavulla, poshana pradesha, kulu Vevas and their functions, nivun (or twin) Vevas etc. Recently we came to know of the trees that were planted in a systematic way to make sure that the water in the veva or the well was purified. Remnants of this habit could be found in planting of kumbuk trees near wells.Our group did not find Microsystis, a cynobacterial species in well water in the areas affected by RCKDunet. However, we have found traces of Green Algae, and according to the western Botanists in the group there is a possibility for these algae to be identified as blue green algae mentioned by some others. We also do not have evidence to conclude that cadmium is the cause of the RCKDunet.Then where do our findings lead us after the preliminary investigation. As I mentioned above ours is a holistic exercise and we are of the opinion that Arsenic and Mercury found in water and soil in Rajarata where the RCKDunet has been spread and kivula (hardness) of water are two of the main causes of the disease. Then there is another important factor that is now lacking in Rajarata. These are the trees that were planted systematically in the surrounding areas of the vevas. The roots of these trees were involved as a kind of filters and the removal of these trees during the last few decades have caused havoc as far as the chemical constituents found in the water.The western practitioners in our group have found similarities between arsenic poisoned patients in other parts of the world and the Rajarata Chronic Kidney patients. The Rajarata patients are different from kidney patients found in rest of the country and our group is investigating into these similarities and dissimilarities. We are also startled by the large numbers of arsenic poisoned patients in Bangladesh and would like to find out the role of the genes in spreading the RCKDunet in Rajarata.However, we are mainly interested in finding a cure and our team has considered some plants and their fruits and nuts in this connection. We are guided by what I would call the Borupana Thesis, I first heard from the late Borupana Vedamahaththaya of Rathmalana. I know that some pundits will object to it citing the so-called scientific methods and research methodologies, but all that I know is that there is no scientific method as such and genuine research cannot be conducted according to so called methodologies. The uninitiated western scientists may read Against Method by Feyarabend as a first step.In any event Borupana Thesis mentions that a cure for any disease can be found from the area in which the disease is spread. Recent discovery by western scientists that there are life forms based on Arsenic is a good example in this connection. The Rasa (mercury) Vedakama found among the Sinhalas and others also points in the same direction. However, we are not proposing to introduce Arsenic or Mercury as a cure but to have a cure based on certain plants that could be grown in the area. The soil that has the potential to destroy life also has the ability to maintain life is the maxim behind the Borupana Thesis. Finally I would definitely say that RCKDunet is a result of introduction of western Christian modernity that has changed the life patterns of the Rajarata farmers.Mismanagement and politics cause crises in most spheres of activityPosted by Sri Lanka Guardianfeature,Milinda Rajasekera,Social4:11:00 AMby Milinda RajasekeraA Sri Lankan woman buys plantain fruits in Colombo, Sri Lanka, Thursday, Jan. 13, 2011.- AP Photo(January 19, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) The fact that Sri Lanka is plagued today with shortages and price hikes in essential items of food compelling the authorities to look for overseas supplies to maintain a regime of reasonable prices shows, among other things, the abysmal failure of successive administrations in this country to manage national affairs efficiently. The authorities attribute the recent price hikes in coconut to a shortfall in coconut production. How did this shortfall occur and what meaningful steps the relevant authorities such as the Coconut Research Institute (CRI), the Coconut Cultivation Board (CCB), Coconut Development Authority (CDA) and the host of political heads under whom these organizations function, had taken to avert the impending crisis?     It is understandable if the reasons have been weather conditions or other disasters over which these organizations have no control. But the situation obviously stems mainly from inept management that failed to foresee things. If land fragmentation, shortage of fertilizer or diseases like Weligama Coconut Leaf Wilt Disease (WCLWD) and Leaf Rot Disease (LRD) affecting coconut cultivation were the main causes, then why didnt these institutions and the government take prompt remedial measures?       The situation is not different as regards shortages and high prices in other commodities too. Shortages have occurred and prices have gone up despite the plethora of institutions, organisations and political heads charged with managing these matters. What reasons caused the shortage of chicken and eggs? What action did the authorities take to prevent the occurrence of such shortages?  The All Ceylon Poultry Farmers Association (ACPFA) President Dr. D.D. Wanasinghe complains that the Ministry of Livestock did not allow in time the import of chicks needed to meet the shortage of layers. He says that the ACPFA asked for permission to import chicks in August 2010 but received no positive response. But when the crisis emerged the National Livestock and Development Board (NLDB) agreed to import chicks in December while issuing a threat to import eggs. This shows the absence of proper coordination or rapport among various relevant agencies.Apparently, these institutions follow the policy of closing the stable-door after the horses had bolted. It was only after the crisis occurred and public agitations arose that the authorities were galvanized into activity. Whatever the reasons, when shortages occur it is the responsibility of the authorities to ensure equitable distribution of available commodities to maintain reasonable levels of prices thus avoiding creation of confusion by accusing the opposition parties, issuing warnings to producers and threats to import commodities that this country can well produce. It is indeed the failure of the authorities to adopt an efficient system of production and distribution that has throughout caused these periodic crises. The failure of the civil administrative system is such that it has now become necessary for the government to rely on armed forces to distribute vegetables and other items.      It is most unfortunate, to say the least, that the authorities had to seriously contemplate importing even coconut, among other items, to this country which set a great store by a policy of import substitution and export promotion, and self-sufficiency and self-reliance. Sri Lanka undoubtedly has the ability and the resources - natural, material and human - needed to produce most, if not all, required items of food. Political parties and politicians are glib in incessantly asserting, particularly at election times, that this is an island surrounded by sea teeming with fish and that the country should exploit this situation to produce fish sufficient for daily consumption and caning without relying on imports. They often stress that our country is blessed with rich soil, climatic and other conditions suitable for food production. Authorities also talk about adopting methods of storing and preserving items of food for use in times of scarcity.But when placed in power these parties fail to show equal enthusiasm to act on their impressive assertions. Their pronouncements and performances begin to develop gaping gaps. Methods of efficient management and norms of good governance are made to yield place to narrow political objectives and interests. Evidently, it is unprincipled political party activities that have often obstructed the pursuit of common national interests. The malady is not peculiar to one political party. Party politics gives rise to a wide variety of social activities that run counter to national interests and aspirations.Ruling parties lend their support and patronage to individuals and organizations that provide funds and other needs to promote their party interests. Among those seeking patronage are manufacturers, traders and other business sectors that need such support particularly for promoting their selfish interests. Not that this fraternity is completely bereft of honest, generous and magnanimous people. But the vast majority are motivated by selfish interests. They manipulate markets, create shortages, produce sub-standard products, produce unhygienic food items and indulge in a variety of acts to maximize their profits and minimize expenditure. So, unless this pattern of extending political patronage to persons and organizations for engaging in anti-social and unpatriotic activities is done away with, the achievement of national goals would be extremely difficult.  India's bold moves on Kashmir ahead of Ino- Pak talksPosted by Sri Lanka GuardianDiplomacy,India,Pakistan,Rajeev Sharma,worldview4:06:00 AMby Rajeev Sharma(January 19, New Delhi, Sri Lanka Guardian) India and Pakistan are set to begin their engagement process in the first week of February when Indian Foreign Secretary Nirupama Rao is scheduled to meet her Pakistani counterpart in Thimphu on the sidelines of a SAARC ministerial meeting. This may pave the way for an Indo-Pak foreign minister-level engagement a day or two after as both the foreign ministers will be in Bhutan. Kashmir will naturally be figuring high on the agenda of the Indo-Pak talks. India has done some homework on the Kashmir issue ahead of the India-Pakistan talks. On January 14, Indian Home Secretary G K Pillai announced that the UPA government may reduce the number of security troops deployed in Jammu and Kashmir by 25 percent in the next 12 months. The remark by Pillai, made at a seminar in New Delhi, assumes significance as he is widely perceived by Pakistan as a wrecker-in-chief of the Indo-Pak peace process because of his terrorism-related remarks against Pakistan last year on the eve of Foreign Minister-level talks between the two countries in Islamabad.Pillai said the Centre was considering reduction in number of security personnel from the thickly populated areas of Jammu and Kashmir, an important suo motu Confidence Building Measure (CBM) by India largely aimed at winning over the Kashmiri separatists who have been demanding thinning of troops in the state. Pillai said more security pickets would be removed from Srinagar city in the next few months and indicated a gradual and phased handing over of security operations to the state police. Significantly, he said, the state police personnel will not be armed with rifles, but only sticks and shields to tackle protesting crowds. He also announced that the Indian government was in the process of retraining ten battalions of the Jammu and Kashmir Police for this purpose. Besides, the Indian government is also mulling over injecting greater transparency in governance in the troubled state that has witnessed Pakistan-supported militancy since 1989. Pillai said the Centre proposed to set up a state accountability commission and appoint information commissioners to achieve this objective. Another CBM unveiled by Pillai is targeted at the Kashmiris of Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK). Pillai announced that India will "unilaterally" ease travel restrictions and give multiple-entry permits of six months validity to the Kashmiris of PoK to facilitate their easy and multiple travels to Jammu and Kashmir. This move by India is sure to rattle the Pakistani establishment as Pakistan has consistently spurned the Indian offer of bilateral easing of the visa regime to facilitate easier travels between Jammu and Kashmir and PoK. Pillai also announced that once the six-month multiple-entry permit expires, the Government of India will not hesitate to grant another permit and will not subject the applicant from PoK to security clearance for the second time. India has repeatedly suggested more Kashmir-specific CBMs to Pakistan  such as raising the frequency of Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus service to weekly and starting more bus services like Jammu to Sialkot and Kargil to Skardu  but Islamabad has consistently been in a denial, rejectionist mode. The unilateral steps by India to ease the visa regime and security clearances will undoubtedly be noticed by the international community and will put Pakistan on the back foot diplomatically once these measures are implemented by India. Though the inter-Kashmir travel between J&K and PoK had started during President Pervez Musharrafs regime in April 2005 when India and Pakistan launched a fortnightly bus service between Srinagar and PoK capital Muzaffarabad, the Kashmiris always remained shackled by red tape on both sides of the divide. The inter-Kashmir bus service, therefore, has had very few takers, thanks to a very harsh and rigorous visa regime and security clearances on both sides. On January 16, Pillai, the favourite whipping boy of Pakistan for his strongly-worded public remarks that the Pakistani establishment has invariably found provocative, was at it again when he said the Pakistani probe into the 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai has not moved an inch.  He said no real investigation has taken place in Pakistan in the 26/11 case. Pillai also advised Pakistan to learn from Indias "fair" handling of the Samjhauta Express blast case and bring the perpetrators of the 26/11 attacks to book. He quoted his Pakistani counterpart Rehman Malik as having told him seven months ago immediately after Home Minister P Chidambaram had asked for voice samples of the ten terrorists who had struck in Mumbai from November 26 to 29, 2008 that You would not be disappointed by our response. Pillai made a three-words remark on Maliks assurance: We are disappointed. He said: "That is not a real investigation. From the steps so far taken by Pakistan, we would say we are quite pessimistic because when the Home Minister was in Islamabad, the interior Minister actually told him that he would respond." It is not immediately clear whether Pillais public outburst on January 16 has backing of the Indian political and diplomatic establishments or whether he was acting as the lone warrior. Pillai has a huge hate base in Pakistan because of his strong Pakistan-specific remarks that several Indian Opposition parties like the BJP find just, truthful and calling spade a spade. None other than Pakistan Foreign Minister Shah MehmoodQureshi had hauled Pillai over coals by blaming him for single handedly wrecking the India-Pakistan Foreign Minister-level talks in Islamabad on July 15, 2010. On the eve of talks between Qureshi and External Affairs Minister S M Krishna, Pillai had said that India had evidence of the involvement of Pakistans intelligence agency Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) in the 26/11 attacks. A week after the Krishna-Qureshi flop meeting, Foreign Secretary Nirupama Rao had met Pillai and briefed him about the impact of his Pakistan-centric remarks on the foreign minister-level talks.The Centres proposed steps in J&K have come close on the heels of anti-Pakistan remarks by top leaders of the Hurriyat Conference, a separatist group that has the history of singing paeans of Pakistan. Some very sane and bold voices have emanated from the Kashmir valley in the New Year. Abdul Ghani Bhat, a top leader of the separatist Hurriyat Conference and also its past Chairman, for the first time ever took a public stand against Pakistan-supported Hurriyat hawk Syed Ali Shah Geelani and said Kashmiri leaders and thinkers were not killed by government forces but our own people. Bhat made this remark in context of the assassinations of top moderate leaders like Abdul Ghani Lone and Maulvi Farooq, killed in 1990 and 2002 respectively for not toeing the Pakistani line in Kashmir politics. Time has come to speak the truth. Neither the Army nor the police killed Lone sahib and Maulvi Farooq sahib but our own people, Bhat said while addressing a seminar in Srinagar on the role of intellectuals in the separatist movement. Significantly, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq, the son of Maulvi Farooq and the current Hurriyat Chairman who spoke after Bhat, and Bilal Lone, the son of Abdul Ghani Lone, have not contradicted Bhat till now. Bhat also said that if the Hurriyat had to get anywhere, its leaders needed to take into account their own follies as This movement started with the assassinations of thinkers and the people who held an opinion. More important part of the Bhatspeak was his frontal attack on Geelani which essentially means a negation of Pakistan and its role in Kashmir. Geelani is known to be beneficiary of Pakistani funding and diplomatic support for decades and openly declares that Kashmir should be part of Pakistan. Geelani was the architect of the Kashmir Intifada strategy which the separatists started in the valley in the summer of 2010 through series of strikes and stone-pelting. Bhat said the policy of strikes and so-called martyrdom, without any strategy, had only damaged the Kashmir cause. There was a hartal for five months and 112 people died. And at the end of it there is nothing by way of achievement. This is what happens when there is no thinking, no strategy. If you want to rid people of Kashmir of sentimentalism bordering on insanity, you have to speak the truth, he said. Pakistan obviously must have taken note of the sentiments of the Kashmiris and in all probability the rogue elements in the Inter Services Intelligence would have dispatched hit squads to take care of Bhat and other like-minded leaders. India must not let it happen.India has made some bold moves on Kashmir which speak of the Indian confidence and also underline the fact that the Pakistani establishment is fast losing its leverage in Jammu and Kashmir, particularly the valley. India needs to keep up the tempo and must not allow a repeat of the troubled summer of 2010. Not now, not ever.( The writer has been in journalism since early 1982.Currently, he is writing for Diplomatic Courier, Washington; Asia Pacific Journal: Japan Focus, New York; Asahi Shimbun, Japan (English edition); The Diplomat magazine, Tokyo; openDemocracy, London; Strategic Affairs magazine, New Delhi; Power Politics magazine, New Delhi; Sakaal Times, Pune. Besides writing a weekly column for the Sakaal Times edit page, he IS also an editorial writer for the English daily.He IS also a columnist for Indian think tanks like South Asia Analysis Group (SAAG), Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses (IDSA) and Centre for Land Warfare Studies (CLAWS). He is author of several books including"    Beyond the Tigers: Tracking Rajiv Gandhis Assassination (Kaveri Books, New Delhi, 1998) and  Pak Proxy War: A Story of ISI, Bin Laden and Kargil. He can be reached at bhootnath004@yahoo.com ) External Affairs Minister Prof. G.L. Peiris receives donation of Chinese flood reliefPosted by Sri Lanka GuardianInterview,Politics,statement5:20:00 PMStatement issued by the Ministry of External Affairs, Colombo (January 18, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) The Ambassador of the Peoples Republic of China in Colombo Yang Xiuping handed over a cash donation to the Minister of External Affairs, Prof. G.L. Peiris as relief assistance to the victims of the recent floods in Sri Lanka, at the Ministry of External Affairs, today.  Minister of Economic Development Basil Rajapaksa was present at the donation ceremony. The Ambassador stated that the donation was a goodwill gesture of the staff of the Chinese Embassy in Colombo.  The Ambassador conveyed condolences of the Government of China to those who lost their lives and expressed hope that the victims of the floods will recover soon.  At the request of the Economic Development Minister the Ambassador stated that she would look into the possibility of providing roofing material to the affected families to re-build their homes.Thanking the Chinese Ambassador for the donation, Minister Peiris said that China has always extended its assistance to Sri Lanka whenever the country was in need of goodwill and assistance. He thanked the Peoples Republic of China for its friendship and support.Tamil complainant in a bribery case against policePosted by Sri Lanka Guardianpolice torture,srilanka,statement5:12:00 PM(January 18, Hong Kong, Sri Lanka Guardian) Devarathnam Yogendra ( 28 ) is the complainant in a bribery case against IP Wijesuriya of the Hatton Police Station, who has been indicted on a charge of obtaining bribes. This charge has been filed on the basis of a complaint made by Yogendra on November 6, 2010 and it is alleged that the police officer was arrested a decoy from the Bribery Commission immediately after accepting a bribe. Ever since the arrest of this police officer Devarathnam Yogendra has faced several attempts on his life, according to several complaints that he has made to the police, including the Inspector General of Police and also many other authorities including the Human Rights Commission of Sri Lanka. Yogendra has also complained that several fabricated charges have been filed, one of which was dismissed by the Magistrate on January 11, 2011. Another such case is scheduled to be taken up on March 1, 2011.Four days after the first case was dismissed by the court Yogendra faced another threat to his life. Following are the details of this incident:On January 15, 2011 on the Thai Pongal day morning around 01.30 a.m. about 5 police officers in police t-shirts had come to Yogendra's house and woke him up and said that they needed to question him. When his father has asked the reason for his arrest, the police officers have said that there is a complaint against Yogendra and they need to question him. Then they have taken Yogendra walking towards a white van with tinted glasses and pushed him in to the van. It was not a police jeep. It happened to be a rainy day and there was noise of crackers being lighted to celebrate Pongal.Inside the van he was blindfolded and handcuffed and they have taken him about 200 meters into a lonely place where there was a cemetery. When he was taken out of the van, the cloth that blindfolded him was removed and Yogendra was asked to kneel down. Then he was threaten and told that they would kill him if he acted against the police. Yogendra was then assaulted on his shoulders and his body and this stage Yogendra has identified a police officer by the name of sergeant Sarath. Yogendra told him that if he is killed that the whole world will know that the Hatton police officers had done it. Further he told, the police officer "you are Sergeant Sarath and I know you" at this stage police officers were drinking, laughing and making merry. After this they further assaulted him and took out a gun which they fired in the air. Then they have shown him the cemetery and said that he would be soon be there if he continued to act against the police officers. Having kept him for more than one hour he was threatened repeatedly. Then the handcuffs were removed and the officers left in the van.Yogendra has collected 2 bullets casings from the ground and also a rain coat which was thrown out by him while he was in the van to prove that they were from Hatton police.Yogendra is now afraid to go home and is now in hiding.This is one more case of a person who is being hunted by the police due to complaints made by him to the Bribery Commission and other authorities. Sugath Nishanta Fernando from Negombo was assassinated after making complaints against the police regarding torture and bribery. At the time he was killed several police officers were being charged by the Bribery Commission and were also made respondents in a torture case. Earlier Gerard Perera, who was pursuing his complaint against torture by several officers from the Wattala Police Station was assassinated while he was traveling on a bus. A case is before the Negombo High Court relating to the murder of Gerard Perera in which the accused is a police officer and an accomplice who was earlier charged under the CAT Act, No. 22 of 1994 for torturing him.Devarathnam Yogendra is now in hiding, afraid for his life. In a 53 minute taped interview he described to the Asian Human Rights Commission the series of attempts that were allegedly made on his life which he narrowly escaped.The AHRC calls on the Inspector General of Police and the police authorities as well as the Human Rights Commission of Sri Lanka and the National Police Commission to investigate the complaints of Devarathnam Yogendra and also to provide him protection.Election posters all around the countryPosted by Sri Lanka Guardianasia,feature,LGPoll2011,RanjithKeertrhi,statement4:29:00 PMThe era of police action against posters overby Rajitha Keerthi Tennakoon(January 18, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) Several well off candidates have already begun election propaganda by using hoardings and posters which will have an adverse effect on the environment notes the Campaign for Free and Fair Elections (CaFFE.)After the date for the nominations was declared several candidates have began a massive propaganda campaign. These candidates feel that this is the best way to win in an election which will be held under Proportional Representation and preferential vote system. However these wo/men have no consideration of how their actions will impact the environment.There are no regulations in Sri Lanka to stop the pasting of posters and since the nomination period has not ended election laws also do not apply to the present situation.However in the last six months the Police continued to harass opposition political party activists who pasted posters using an obsolete provision in the penal code. Many were arrested and presented to courts using provisions from the national thoroughfares act and environmental acts. There were also reports that even people who had been pasting posters announcing dramas, funerals and other non political activities.However this has changed after the election was declared. The police do not seem to take any action against these politicians who are pasting thousands of posters. Due to the massive scale of the operation this causes more environmental damage than the activities carried out by those arrested and harassed in the last six months by police.CaFFE notices that the police is giving preferential treatment to some politicians and this is a violation of  a fundamental principal of a free and fair election, a level playing field. Therefore CaFFE requests the authorities to enforce the law equally to everyone and requests all candidates to be mindful of the environmental impact of their actions.President Hu comes to WashingtonPosted by Sri Lanka GuardianBarack Obama,China,Diplomacy,Hu Jintao,US,worldview3:18:00 PMEDITORIAL BY THE NEW YORK TIMES" We know less about Chinas strategy. Its overconfidence is clear. It has been aggressively pressing its claims to disputed islands in the East and South China Seas. The militarys rising influence is troubling."(January 18, New York City, Sri Lanka Guardian) There has been a lot of hype, for a long time, about a rising China. There is now no question about Chinas growing economic power or its military ambition. Over the past year, relations between Washington and Beijing have become increasingly tense and mistrustful.When President Obama and President Hu Jintao of China meet at the White House on Wednesday, they must try to set a new course in which competition is carefully managed and a premium is placed on cooperation. That will require a commitment to sustained discussion of the many issues dividing them  and an agreement to keep talking even in difficult times.For Mr. Obama, the top items include: Chinas currency manipulation; its enabling of North Korea and Iran; its abuse of human rights; and its recent challenge to American naval supremacy in the western Pacific.For Mr. Hu, the top item is winning acknowledgment of its global stature. He will likely goad the president to get Americas fiscal house in order to ensure the safety of Chinas large investment.For a long time we werent sure if President Obama had a China strategy. (Beyond muting criticism and hoping for cooperation.) We are increasingly reassured.Officials acknowledge that China must have a bigger say in the world and believe there are common interests to build on  but they are rightly not ceding anything. Mr. Obama has made clear that he wont stand by while China tries to bully its neighbors. The United States has embraced India and Southeast Asia more closely and shored up alliances with South Korea and Japan.We know less about Chinas strategy. Its overconfidence is clear. It has been aggressively pressing its claims to disputed islands in the East and South China Seas. The militarys rising influence is troubling.For a country that claims to be a global power, it is still shirking its responsibilities. China is North Koreas main supplier of food and fuel, but it has resisted using that leverage to rein in Pyongyangs erratic and dangerous behavior. For a major player, it can also be remarkably petulant. Even as China pumps huge sums into sophisticated new weapons, it retaliated against American arms sales to Taiwan by suspending military talks with the United States for a year.China has recently slowed energy investments in Iran and promised to support the southern Sudan referendum. American officials say it has begun to urge North Korea to tone down its belligerence. The Chinese military played host to Defense Secretary Robert Gates last week, although its leaders couldnt resist test flying their new stealth fighter during the visit.What we dont know is if these are tactical concessions to ensure a good meeting with Mr. Obama, who offered the pomp China craves  a state dinner and a 21-gun salute  or a serious rethinking on Beijings part.Mr. Obama was far too deferential to Mr. Hu during their Beijing summit. He will need to do better this week. He will have to press Mr. Hu for a convincing pledge that China is committed to a peaceful rise, that it will engage in substantive talks about its military plans and will push North Korea hard to give up its nuclear program.We also firmly believe that China will never be a great nation if it keeps censoring and imprisoning its people, including the pro-democracy activist Liu Xiaobo, who won the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize and has been unfairly jailed.State dinners and 21-gun salutes are ephemeral. What will earn China respect as a major power is if it behaves responsibly. That must be Mr. Obamas fundamental message.Another 'humanitarian' mission accomplished: Soldiers out of vegetable salesPosted by Sri Lanka GuardianBreakingnews,Defence,feature1:42:00 PM(January 18, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian)The authorities have decided to call off the army that is currently pressed into the sale of vegetables saying they had completed their mission in serving the consumer.Military spokesperson Major General Ubaya Mediwala said that soldiers involved in such sale will be withdrawn sometime later this week and returned to normal military functions."The initial idea of calling in troops to the vegetable sales were mainly aimed at serving the consumer in an honest manner unlike other traders", General Mediwala said.The solders were involved in vegetable sales mainly in Colombo and suburbs.Sri Lanka: Websites that criticise  the Government to be dealt withPosted by Sri Lanka GuardianBreakingnews,statement1:20:00 PMIssued by Steering Committee, NfR Sri Lanka(January 18, Colombo, Sri Lanka Guardian) The attention of NfR  has been drawn to a conversation that  is  reported to have taken place  at a breakfast meeting  hosted by President Mahinda Rajapakse for senior media personnel in Colombo on the 13th of January, 2011.According to media reports the President has told those who had attended the meeting  that  a separate unit is investigating the  activities of certain websites with a view to  'take action'   against them. ( External link)The President's remark was reportedly in response to  a suggestion by the Editor of the Silumina Newspaper Mr Karunadasa Sooriyarachchi.   Mr Sooriyarachchi is reported to have pointed out to the President that thereare websites "attacking the Government,  the  Country, the President's family and sometimes his own Institution'  and had  asked,  "Why measures should not be taken against  those websites".  Following the President'sresponse,  the  Silumina,  a State controlled Sinhala weekly, carried a lead story last week titled   "Some websites are a threat to national security".The President is also reported to have said that the biggest challenge he faces is the media.  In a democracy,  media is considered to be  an asset and not a challenge.  Assets are to be cherished  and challenges are to besurmounted.  The very foundation of democracy hinges on the right to free speech. The publication of news items and articles both favourable and critical of  the government, are very much part and parcel of that freedom.It may be recalled that many government controlled media outlets have on earlier occasions too, labeled some journalists as "traitors".  These malicious  allegations resulted in many  journalists being abducted, assaulted, jailed or  murdered as in the case  of  the editor of the Sunday Leader,  Lasantha Wickrematunga.It is also disconcerting to note that the  President is reported to have chosen to malign the Tamil newspapers by  alleging  that "Tamil newspapers are still partial to the LTTE and  are  supportive of the LTTE sympathizersand their actions".  If this report of the President's allegation is true, then the free hand given to the Sinhala and other media outlets which continue to publish mischievous news items  against those whom they see astraitors, needs to be questioned.    In fact, to build a united Sri Lanka all media institutions should  be treated equally. NfR is deeply concerned of the President's remarks in this regard.With the conventional print and electronic media in Sri  Lanka shackled by various coercive methods, both legal and illegal,  websites provide an alternative  space  for  reporting news, critical of the government orotherwise, and is an essential adjunct to free speech in Sri Lanka. The free exchange of ideas on the internet,  is given much importance  in many countries other than  in the most repressive of regimes  such as Chinaand Iran. It is a matter of concern that Sri Lanka too, is now  heading  in that direction.Steering committee : Kshama Ranawana ( Canada) Lionel Bopage ( Australia), Nadarasa Sarawanan (Norway), Nadarajah Kuruparan(UK) Padmi Liyanage (Germany), Raveendran Pradeepan (France), Rudhramoorthy Cheran (Canada), Saman Wagaarachchi ( USA), Sunanda Deshapriya ( Switzerland)Media Pie for Assam WildlifePosted by Sri Lanka GuardianAssam,Education,Environment,feature11:21:00 AM"We have no reservation against a CBI enquiry into the matter of increasing cases of rhino poaching in Kaziranga National Park. - File Photo by Nava Thakuria(January 18, Assam- India, Sri Lanka Guardian) The wildlife protection effort in Assam often invites media headlines and many times the media has taken extra pain to enlighten the local people on those issues and even compel the authority to take prompt actions. The months of October and November brought various amazing news relating to elephant conservation effort in the State and it was understood that the forest department, thought tried to be pro-active, failed miserably to deal properly with the initiative.It was started with the shocking news of deaths to four elephants due to poisoning. The carcasses of the pachyderms were found in different locations in central Assam nearby some tea gardens. It is widely believed that those elephants died because of pesticide used in the gardens.The incident provoked the Union Environment and Forests Minister Jairam Ramesh to write a letter (dated October 12) to Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi asking for a probe to investigate the matter. Finally the State Forest Minister Rockybul Hussain ordered the probe.Deaths to wild elephants in Assam are not rare in the media. The train track running through the Rani Forest reserve, near Guwahati, makes almost regular news of killing elephants, while the herd falls prey to moving trains always. But neither the Railway nor the Forest authority have taken ever visible attempts to tackle with the issue.Meanwhile, the death of an elephant calf in the last week of October surprisingly in front of forest officials shocked the wildlife lovers once again. The video footage, beamed by different news channels, showed a group of villagers surrounded the calf and finally the bay elephant died due to injuries. Initially it was understood that the villagers of Gubah in Morigaon district, armed with household sharp utensils, were responsible for the killing of the elephant.Even the State government asked for a detailed enquiry into the incident and already declared that those found guilty would be punished under the law. Later however found that the incident was reported in the media with distorted facts.The baby elephant was actually ill and so it was left out from the herd. The local people wanted to catch the baby elephant following the direction of forest officers. The motive was to provide treatment to the calf. But it was reported in such a way that the local villagers of the region turned beats and they have no sympathy or love to wild animals.Even some NGOs have made irritating comments against the people of Assam as not being passionate to wildlife, which we strongly condemn. The Assamese people have proved their love and high admiration to wildlife beyond doubts since time immemorial, said Soumyadeep Datta, an Assam based environment and wildlife activist.Speaking to this wrier, Mr Dutta, who is the director of Nature's Beckon, also added that they had already started a separate investigation into the incident, outcome of which would be shared with the media.There was good news as well. The local police in early November could break a racket of elephant smugglers and seized two wild elephants. Following the tip-off from a conservation group Green Heart Nature, the Kokrajhar district police could even arrested five persons involved the illegal business.The district police chief PK Dutta suspected that nearly 100 wild elephants had already been smuggled out of Assam in the last five years. He also informed the media that the smugglers caught the  wild elephants and after taming them, those were transferred as domestic elephants, which are later used for various purposes. An adult elephant can bring around Rs.30-40 lakh to the group, added Dutta.Assam is home to nearly  5,500 wild elephants (the national count is not more than 10,000). The last elephant census in Assam in 2007 shows that the State has around 1,500 tamed elephants. These tamed elephants are either in the possession of State forest department or some local businessman, who nurture the passion as a status symbol.The media persons and wildlife activists of Assam earlier played an important to stop a hurried attempt by the State forest department  to burn down over thousand rhino horns. Initially it was believed to be a historic decision of the State forest department to destroy the stored rhino horns in its custody as a message to the world that rhino horns  donot have any aphrodisiac value.The proper awareness is expected to help the mission to save the endangered one-horn rhinos from the clutches of notorious poachers. But it simply did not work as the environment activists demanded more transparency in the process. The issue came alive in the public consultation in Guwahati on June 11, where the Union minister Jairam Ramesh was also present. Attending the meeting, local environment activists pointed out that without the precaution, some corrupt officials might take the opportunity to replace few real horns with fake items and then smuggle those in to the illegal international market.The State forest department had earlier made all preparations completed to destroy 1,571 rhino horns lying in the lockers of various treasury offices in Assam. It argued that those horns cannot be sold in the market as India adopted the Wildlife Protection Act in 1972. The State chief wildlife conservator S. Chand confirmed the news adding that they took all precautions regarding the process in respect of wildlife laws of India and also international guidelines.A single horn, believed to be an aphrodisiac, can fetch over 50 lakhs in the illegal international market. The heavy animal enjoys great sexual power, as its mating time is not less than 45 minutes (quite higher than any other animal). Many people believe that one can achieve the sexual power with the help of rhino horns. They consider the rhino horns as another kind of traditional Viagra.The horns are also believed to have medicinal values. The traditional Chinese medicine demands rhino horns, which is believed to cure fever and stomach ailments fast. China, Taiwan, Thailand, South Korea and the Middle East are known to be huge markets for illegal trading of rhino horns.It may be mentioned that many pressure groups in Assam have been demanding a high level enquiry on rhino poaching and also the originality of horns which are under the possession of the forest department. All Assam Students Union, an active and influential students' body took out various protest programmes on the issue during the last few years. The AASU was followed by Nature's Beckon and Journalists' Forum, Assam to raise voices against the corrupt forest officials.The activists of these organizations insisted that the Tarun Gogoi led government should go for a Central Bureau of Investigation probe on the stock of wildlife parts in the custody of the forest department as well as about the poaching of rhinos, elephants, tigers and leopards in Assam. They argue that some wildlife organs (like rhino horn, ivory, skin of tiger and leopard) had already made way to the illegal international market from the custody of forest authority itself.Meanwhile, following the sustained hue and cry among the wild life lovers inside and outside Assam, where the media has also consistently supported the move for the preservation of the rhinos and remained critical against the government agencies, the State authority admitted that they had no objection against any high level probe into the mater.The State Chief Minister Gogoi publicly declared on May 2, 2008 that his government was asking for a CBI enquiry into the matter. The forest minister in his cabinet Rockybul Hussain also declared, "We have no reservation against a CBI enquiry into the matter of increasing cases of rhino poaching in Kaziranga National Park.But till date, no enquiry has been announced. Many environment activists including Soumyadeep Datta suspect that a large share of the wildlife parts, which are being sold in the international markets, made way from the forest department's stock due to the manipulation and corrupt practices of some dishonest forest officials. The reluctance of the forest department as well as the State forest minister to face a high level probe thus prove, this way or that way, that there are really something wrong in the matter.Bangladesh Military Intelligence behind the illegal arrestPosted by Sri Lanka GuardianBangladesh,Bangladeshs Military Intelligenc,William Gomes,worldview8:35:00 AMMishu was allegedly threatened by the Directorate General of Forces  Intelligence (DGFI), an intelligence agency operated by the armed forces  of Bangladesh mostly dominated the country's army. Mrs. Moshrefa Mishu photograph by William Gomes for the Sri Lanka Guardian. by William Gomes,The Sri Lanka Guardian correspondent in Dhaka (January 18, Dhaka, Sri Lanka Guardian) Directorate General of Forces Intelligence (DGFI), the Bangladeshs Military Intelligence is behind the arrest of labor rights activist Moshrefa Mishu, a leftist political activist and President of the Garment Workers Unity Forum (GWUF), a labor rights organization of the readymade garment factories of the country.The Director General (DG) of DGFI directly reports to the Prime Minister of Bangladesh. Confined in Dhaka Medical Hospital (DHMC) by highly armed police officials Moshrefa Mishu exposed the horrific torture description the in several undercover interviews to the Sri Lanka Guardian.Mishu said to Sri Lanka Guardian that on 13 December 2010, at around 5pm in the afternoon two persons called Mishu on her cell phone. Both persons claimed that they were journalists. In two separate calls the callers said, "We need to interview you; please stay at home! We will come soon!Meanwhile, Mrs. Mishu's sister Zabunnesa Zebu said to the Sri Lanka Guardian that she suspects that the callers were from the DGFI, who wanted to be sure that Mishu stayed at home for a probable arrest.Zebu said to the Sri Lanka Guardian that earlier, on 30 July 2010 from 12 midnight to 12:35am Mishu received four calls in her cell phone. The callers suppressed their telephone numbers that had been used to call Mishu.For example, the first call appeared on Mishu's cell phone screen as "private number"; the second caller's call appeared as +01748888888, which is abnormal in Bangladesh as the numbers appear with its country code at the begging such as +8801XXXXXXXXX. The third and fourth call also appeared without any number on the cell phone screen said zebuZebu said the first caller threatened to kill her in crossfire, which an official method of extrajudicial killing of crime suspects by the law-enforcement agencies as well as the paramilitary and armed forces in the country where persons are arrested and killed in shootouts while in detention followed by an identically prepared story in all cases.The second caller introduced him as an officer of the SB (Special Branch of police). Following Mishu's questions he claimed that his name was Mizan. He said, "You are already in the crossfire list, you rather stop and run away. We have records of your every movement (steps), you are under our surveillance. Be ready for crossfire."The third and fourth callers called after short intervals and used similar language and threats to her life.Zebu said Mishu was allegedly threatened by the Directorate General of Forces Intelligence (DGFI), an intelligence agency operated by the armed forces of Bangladesh mostly dominated the country's army, over her cell phone. She was instructed not to raise voice on the issue of the wages of the workers of the Ready Made Garment (RMG) factories. The intelligence agency officials warned Mishu that if the workers further demand for the increase of their wages, she will face dire consequences. The caller used slang words on the cell phone." On 14 December, early in the morning at around 1:15am a group of twelve plain-clothed armed people came to the house at 51/2 Kolabagan North Road under the jurisdiction of the Kalabagan police station in the city of Dhaka," Msihu told the Sri Lanka Guardian.The team, which included three women and nine men, was heavily armed. The police entered into the house forcefully and raided the premises without a search warrant. They asked for Ms. Moshrefa Mishu. When the family members of Mishu asked about the identity of the team they claimed that they were officials of Detective Branch (DB) of the Dhaka Metropolitan Police (DMP).Zebu said DB officials started beating on the closed door of Mishu's bedroom and tried to break the door. When the family members tried to resists the police officials shouted at them.Zebu said Meanwhile, Mishu opened the door and the policewomen entered into her bedroom and ordered her to go with them.Mishu said I asked DB officials whether they had an arrest warrant and for the allegation against me. The police said that they did not have arrest warrant, but they had been dictated by the "upper level of the government" to arrest me. They also warned that if I do not follow the instructions of the police and "peacefully accompany them, they will use their utmost force" to take me with them. At this point, when my sister Zebunneas Zebu attempted to call from her cell phone to check with some relevant government official regarding the matter one of the police officials had snatched the cell phone and verbally abused her.Mishu said I requested the police to allow five minutes to get fresh and to get ready for the police custody. When I went to toilet the policewomen forcibly went inside the toilet with her. She said that I asked the police officials "How shall I use the toilet in your presence?" The police insisted me saying that "If you need to use toilet, you have to do it in our presence".Mishu said I tried to get a hand bag with her and necessary clothes but the police officials did not allow her to take anything. She said the police even restricted me to carry her medicine and "inhaler" that I need urgently whenever I have breathing difficulties due to chronic bronchial asthma.Zebu said our family members humbly requested the police officials to allow Mishu, at least, to carry the emergency medicine and "inhaler" with her but the police denied permission.The police officials came out of the house at around 1:30am and took her in a microbus of the DB police and started roaming here and there in the city. After roaming in the city for few hours they took her to the DB office at 36 Minto Road at around 5am said Mishu.Mishu said at around 7am the Additional Deputy Commissioner (ADC) Nazrul Islam, Assistant Commissioner (AC) Muniruz Zaman, AC Nasir of the DB of the DMP started interrogating her in a room of the DB office. The interrogation continued until 2pm that afternoon.The police officials accused Mishu of instigating the workers of the Ready Made Garment (RMG) to go berserk at Kuril area and other places of the city. They also repeatedly enquired of which countries Mishu had visited and who funds her for her work. They also asked why she had not joined the "Mohajot Sorkar" (grand alliance government) led by the Bangladesh Awami League. Mishu told the police officials that she is a leftist politician, who had political ideological differences with the ruling political alliance. Referring to a few leftist politicians who are the part of ruling alliance the police rebuked Mishu for her ideological stand.The police gave a plain paper and insisted her to sign on the paper. They asked Mishu to join the ruling alliance and told her that Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina gives priority to women and, if she were to sign the paper, Hasina would make her a minister. The police officials also asked if she were a pro-China leftist who was trying to close the garments industry of Bangladesh so that China can grab the whole RMG market of Bangladesh. Mishu said that the big pro-China man, Mr. Dilip Barua, is a minister of the government. The police accused her of trying to close the garment factories leading the female workers to become prostitutes said Mishu.Mrs. Moshrefa Mishu admitted the Hospital. photograph by William Gomes for the Sri Lanka Guardian. At around 2pm, the police produced Mishu before the Chief Metropolitan Judicial Magistrate's Court of Dhaka showing her arrested in three cases, two of them were registered with Kafrul and one case with Khilkhet police stations of the city of Dhaka.Case -1: Case number 76 (6)10, which was registered with the Kafrul police (Government Register -GR no-386/10) under Sections 143,149, 323, 324, 325, 332, 333, 353, 427, 114 of the Penal Code-1860 on 30 June 2010.Case-2: Case number 21 (12) 10 of the Kafrul police (GR no.854/10) under Sections 143, 448, 379, 427, 506 of Penal Code-1860 was registered on 9 December 2010.Case-3: Case number 13 (12) 10 of Khilkhet police (GR no 255/10) was registered on 12 December 2010 under Sections 147,148,149, 332, 333, 353, 436, 379, 427,109 of the Penal Code-1860.The police produced Mishu before the Metropolitan Magistrate Court of Dhaka in two cases of the Kafrul police station and sought police remand for 10 days in each of the two cases. Metropolitan Magistrate Mr. A I M Ismile Hossain granted two-days remand in the first case (no. 76 (6)10 ) of the Kafrul police station but rejected the remand prayer in the second case (no 21 (12)10.On the same day, in the third case, which was registered with the Khilkhet police, Mishu was taken to the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate's Court in Dhaka. The First Additional Magistrate Mr. AHM Habibur Rahman Bhuiyan ordered the Khilkhet police to submit the Case Diary (CD) of the case on the following day.At around 6pm in the evening the police again brought Mishu in DB office for further interrogation. They repeatedly asked the same questions that they did previously and they threatened her that if she did not sign in a blank piece of paper, she would suffer dire consequences that she had ever thought of. Mishu asked them if they would kill her and the police said that they wanted to kill or disappear her but that the media had already broadcasted and made news on her, which has messed up the plan. The threats and intimidations continued until midnight. Mishu did not eat any food in the police custody for fear of poisoning said MishuMishu said the police forced Mishu to sleep on the floor of the police custody during her remand despite the fact that it was winter in the month of December in Bangladesh. During the whole period of police remand the police officers whoever interrogated Mishu asked the same questions along with intimidation and threats.On 15 December, the First Additional Magistrate Mr. AHM Habibur Rahman Bhuiyan fixed 19 December to hear the petition for remand. After returning to the police custody the police officers repeatedly insisted her to sign on blank paper said MishuOn 19 December, at the Court Custody where Mishu was detained before the hearing of the remand petition she had serious breathing difficulties. The police officials, who were called in to arrange medical treatment for Mishu, laughed at her and asked, "Why are you making drama?" The police did not allow Mishu any medical treatment despite her sister Zabunnesa Zebu requesting them to do so.At around 3pm, Mishu was produced before the Dhaka Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Court's Magistrate Munshi Abdul Mazid again by the Khilkhet police for remanding her for five days. Instead of the First Additional Magistrate Mr. AHM Habibur Rahman Bhuiyan, who fixed that date for the hearing, Metropolitan Magistrate Munshi Abdul Mazid heard the petition of Khilkhet police. During the hearing Mishu had severe respiratory and spinal problems (which she had sustained due to police brutality in the past). Mishu's lawyer argued in favour of her bail petition that the detainee was sick and was unable to stand on her own legs during the court's proceedings. Mishu told before the Court that she was having difficulty in breathing and was panting and gasping for breath. The Metropolitan Magistrate Munshi Abdul Mazid allegedly said in the open court, "I have strict direction from the government that in any situation and at any cost not to grant bail to Mishu". He ordered Mishu to go to the Khilkhet police custody in a one-day fresh remand in the third case, which was fabricated against her for vandalism, arson attack and obstruction of the police from performing their official duties, for further questioning.After the hearing Mishu's condition further deteriorated when she was brought back to the Court Custody but the police denied taking her to a hospital for treatment. Following repeated insistence by the relatives the Magistrate made order for Mishu's treatment and only then was she rushed to the National Hospital where she was given oxygen and emergency treatment.The National Hospital authorities soon referred her to the Bangabandhu Sheikh Muzib Medical University (BSMMU) around 5pm.But a police officer, who was present there before Mishu's arrival, guided the authorities not to admit her in BSMMU. She was admitted to Dhaka Medical College Hospital (DHMC) at around 9pm in the Medicine Female Ward No.19. The hospital authorities allegedly did not provide Mishu a proper bed, which normally should be allotted to a patient, due to the intervention by doctors who are affiliated to the ruling political party  Bangladesh Awami League. Instead, the pro-ruling party doctors, particularly Assistant Professor Mustifizur Rahman of the Medicine Unit allegedly insisted the police to take Mishu to the prison health centre inside the Dhaka Central Jail on excuse of unavailability of beds at the Ward No.19. As the Court ordered the police to admit Mishu to hospital they did not take her away from the DMCH. At night Mishu had attack of bronchial asthma due to cold for staying on the floor of the hospital.On the following day, she was allotted a bed (No. 8 at the Ward No.19) until 5 January when she was shifted to Bed no.-7 of the same unit. The politically-motivated doctors allegedly called the DB officers to take Mishu away saying that the patient recovered her problems despite the fact that Mishu had not recovered. Mishu's sister Zebu protested against the doctors deliberate attempts of releasing her sister without a proper treatment. Then, Dr. Mustifizur Rahman said to Zebu, "You are from the leftist political wing; that's why I allowed you to enter in this room. I would have kicked you out of this place, if you were from the BNP Jamaat (BNP is the Bangladesh Nationalist Party  the main opposition in the parliament and Jamaat is a rightist Islamic party, which is its ally)". After a long argument regarding the medical ethics and responsibilities of the doctors Mishu's sister Zebu managed to keep Mishu at the hospital. However, the DMCH authorities have allegedly not provided necessary medicine to Mishu and also compelled her family to do the required pathological tests from private clinics. Two policewomen and three armed policemen have been deployed to guard Mishu at her hospital ward. The policemen were seen sitting on in her bed at the hospital when human rights defenders went to see Mishu's health condition there.The police sought for a total of 30 days remand in the three cases  10 days in each of the cases that had been fabricated against Mishu. The Courts and police did not follow the due process regarding the petitions for remand. The police applied for remand in plain paper whereas according to the Police Regulation of Bengal-1943 the police are instructed to apply for remand in a prescribed form: Bangladesh Police Form No. 90. The two Magistrates illegally entertained the remand petitions that allowed the police to torture the Mishu in custody. Even the Court guided that there should be lady police during the interrogation but the police did not follow that order. In two occasions Mishu was remanded by the police of Kafrul and Khilkhet respectively. Legally she should stay in the custodies of Kafrul and Khilkhet police. But, in fact, she was kept on remand under the custody of the DB office, which was violation of the law as she was not remanded by the DB police in those particular cases. However, the Courts have not taken any action against the police officers for violating the law.Letter of Mahasveta Devi to Bangladeshi Prime Minister  The family is financial hardship for the payments for medication, lawyer and communications that have been incurred after the arbitrary detention of Mishu and fabrication of cases against her. The whole family is now under intelligence surveillance and afraid of being harmed by the state-agents. They fear to receive a call on their phones and commuting from to home to their respective work places.The family fears that the police are trying their best to take Mishu, who has chronic bronchial asthma, again in remand where she has continuously been ill-treated by the police during a chilling cold winter. The relatives are afraid that the police may kill Mishu and then claim that she died of a heart attack as the law-enforcing agencies of the country habitually do.The Asian Human Rights Commission has already written separate letters to the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and Special Rapporteurs on Independent of Judges and Lawyers and Violence Against Women requesting their prompt interventions in this case.( William Gomes is our correspondent in Dhaka, Bangladesh. He can be reached at william@srilankaguardian.org ) Older PostsArchiveArchiveJan 19 (6)Jan 18 (16)Jan 17 (8)Jan 16 (12)Jan 15 (12)Jan 14 (12)Jan 13 (5)Jan 12 (11)Jan 11 (6)Jan 10 (13)Jan 09 (19)Jan 08 (13)Jan 07 (8)Jan 06 (8)Jan 05 (12)Jan 04 (11)Jan 03 (5)Jan 02 (11)Jan 01 (8)Dec 31 (2)Dec 30 (9)Dec 29 (14)Dec 28 (9)Dec 27 (5)Dec 26 (5)Dec 25 (11)Dec 24 (4)Dec 23 (11)Dec 22 (16)Dec 21 (16)Dec 20 (8)Dec 19 (20)Dec 18 (3)Dec 17 (23)Dec 16 (5)Dec 15 (12)Dec 14 (9)Dec 13 (11)Dec 12 (11)Dec 11 (10)Dec 10 (10)Dec 09 (11)Dec 08 (9)Dec 07 (15)Dec 06 (13)Dec 05 (14)Dec 04 (8)Dec 03 (18)Dec 02 (10)Dec 01 (11)Nov 30 (15)Nov 29 (14)Nov 28 (9)Nov 27 (10)Nov 26 (10)Nov 25 (9)Nov 24 (9)Nov 23 (9)Nov 22 (9)Nov 21 (15)Nov 20 (10)Nov 19 (17)Nov 18 (14)Nov 17 (12)Nov 16 (7)Nov 15 (11)Nov 14 (17)Nov 13 (12)Nov 12 (12)Nov 11 (12)Nov 10 (18)Nov 09 (15)Nov 08 (12)Nov 07 (21)Nov 06 (11)Nov 05 (15)Nov 04 (12)Nov 03 (17)Nov 02 (6)Nov 01 (10)Oct 31 (16)Oct 30 (9)Oct 29 (15)Oct 28 (15)Oct 27 (14)Oct 26 (19)Oct 25 (13)Oct 24 (19)Oct 23 (8)Oct 22 (11)Oct 21 (15)Oct 20 (14)Oct 19 (12)Oct 18 (15)Oct 17 (9)Oct 16 (15)Oct 15 (12)Oct 14 (11)Oct 13 (16)Oct 12 (10)Oct 11 (10)Oct 10 (14)Oct 09 (9)Oct 08 (15)Oct 07 (8)Oct 06 (9)Oct 05 (13)Oct 04 (15)Oct 03 (8)Oct 02 (13)Oct 01 (10)Sep 30 (10)Sep 29 (36)Sep 28 (10)Sep 27 (6)Sep 26 (11)Sep 25 (7)Sep 24 (9)Sep 23 (9)Sep 22 (4)Sep 21 (8)Sep 20 (12)Sep 19 (17)Sep 18 (14)Sep 17 (14)Sep 16 (8)Sep 15 (10)Sep 14 (11)Sep 13 (17)Sep 12 (8)Sep 11 (8)Sep 10 (10)Sep 09 (12)Sep 08 (11)Sep 07 (15)Sep 06 (7)Sep 05 (12)Sep 04 (10)Sep 03 (13)Sep 02 (8)Sep 01 (7)Aug 31 (12)Aug 30 (9)Aug 29 (8)Aug 28 (6)Aug 27 (10)Aug 26 (9)Aug 25 (9)Aug 24 (8)Aug 23 (12)Aug 22 (3)Aug 21 (7)Aug 20 (10)Aug 19 (8)Aug 18 (14)Aug 17 (8)Aug 16 (4)Aug 15 (11)Aug 14 (6)Aug 13 (9)Aug 12 (5)Aug 11 (13)Aug 10 (6)Aug 09 (14)Aug 08 (5)Aug 07 (5)Aug 06 (7)Aug 05 (10)Aug 04 (9)Aug 03 (9)Aug 02 (5)Aug 01 (7)Jul 31 (4)Jul 30 (4)Jul 29 (7)Jul 28 (6)Jul 27 (8)Jul 26 (10)Jul 25 (13)Jul 24 (7)Jul 23 (6)Jul 22 (12)Jul 21 (10)Jul 20 (8)Jul 19 (12)Jul 18 (13)Jul 17 (7)Jul 16 (13)Jul 15 (9)Jul 14 (6)Jul 13 (5)Jul 12 (7)Jul 11 (11)Jul 10 (8)Jul 09 (12)Jul 08 (9)Jul 07 (10)Jul 06 (13)Jul 05 (6)Jul 04 (16)Jul 03 (2)Jul 02 (11)Jul 01 (6)Jun 30 (11)Jun 29 (8)Jun 28 (11)Jun 27 (11)Jun 26 (2)Jun 25 (4)Jun 24 (9)Jun 23 (11)Jun 22 (8)Jun 21 (12)Jun 20 (12)Jun 19 (7)Jun 18 (6)Jun 17 (4)Jun 16 (6)Jun 15 (9)Jun 14 (13)Jun 13 (6)Jun 12 (9)Jun 11 (9)Jun 10 (8)Jun 09 (12)Jun 08 (7)Jun 07 (12)Jun 06 (12)Jun 05 (7)Jun 04 (7)Jun 03 (4)Jun 02 (11)Jun 01 (9)May 31 (12)May 30 (9)May 29 (5)May 28 (6)May 27 (11)May 26 (10)May 25 (6)May 24 (6)May 23 (9)May 22 (9)May 21 (2)May 20 (4)May 19 (4)May 18 (8)May 17 (11)May 16 (9)May 15 (1)May 14 (6)May 13 (12)May 12 (6)May 11 (3)May 10 (9)May 09 (5)May 08 (2)May 07 (3)May 06 (6)May 05 (6)May 04 (3)May 03 (10)May 02 (6)May 01 (7)Apr 30 (7)Apr 29 (7)Apr 28 (4)Apr 27 (8)Apr 26 (7)Apr 25 (9)Apr 24 (1)Apr 23 (4)Apr 22 (4)Apr 21 (7)Apr 20 (6)Apr 19 (6)Apr 18 (5)Apr 17 (5)Apr 16 (4)Apr 15 (10)Apr 14 (9)Apr 13 (10)Apr 12 (6)Apr 11 (6)Apr 10 (7)Apr 09 (6)Apr 08 (10)Apr 07 (7)Apr 06 (4)Apr 05 (16)Apr 04 (8)Apr 03 (7)Apr 02 (2)Apr 01 (6)Mar 31 (10)Mar 30 (7)Mar 29 (9)Mar 28 (15)Mar 27 (3)Mar 26 (5)Mar 25 (4)Mar 24 (11)Mar 23 (6)Mar 22 (10)Mar 21 (10)Mar 20 (8)Mar 19 (3)Mar 18 (10)Mar 17 (4)Mar 16 (2)Mar 15 (4)Mar 14 (14)Mar 13 (7)Mar 12 (11)Mar 11 (8)Mar 10 (15)Mar 09 (11)Mar 08 (6)Mar 07 (10)Mar 06 (1)Mar 05 (7)Mar 04 (7)Mar 03 (15)Mar 02 (8)Mar 01 (4)Feb 28 (9)Feb 27 (8)Feb 26 (10)Feb 25 (10)Feb 24 (11)Feb 23 (11)Feb 22 (8)Feb 21 (11)Feb 20 (10)Feb 19 (14)Feb 18 (9)Feb 17 (16)Feb 16 (11)Feb 15 (17)Feb 14 (1)Feb 13 (10)Feb 12 (5)Feb 11 (16)Feb 10 (13)Feb 09 (14)Feb 08 (9)Feb 07 (11)Feb 06 (15)Feb 05 (10)Feb 04 (10)Feb 03 (18)Feb 02 (12)Feb 01 (11)Jan 31 (13)Jan 30 (6)Jan 29 (11)Jan 28 (18)Jan 27 (13)Jan 26 (13)Jan 25 (11)Jan 24 (15)Jan 23 (7)Jan 22 (11)Jan 21 (12)Jan 20 (14)Jan 19 (15)Jan 18 (12)Jan 17 (6)Jan 16 (8)Jan 15 (10)Jan 14 (19)Jan 13 (16)Jan 12 (11)Jan 11 (17)Jan 10 (10)Jan 09 (8)Jan 08 (10)Jan 07 (11)Jan 06 (10)Jan 05 (15)Jan 04 (14)Jan 03 (11)Jan 02 (7)Jan 01 (10)Dec 31 (7)Dec 30 (10)Dec 29 (10)Dec 28 (15)Dec 27 (11)Dec 26 (10)Dec 25 (10)Dec 24 (9)Dec 23 (12)Dec 22 (8)Dec 21 (11)Dec 20 (6)Dec 19 (3)Dec 18 (13)Dec 17 (8)Dec 16 (14)Dec 15 (11)Dec 14 (6)Dec 13 (15)Dec 12 (6)Dec 11 (17)Dec 10 (4)Dec 09 (12)Dec 08 (10)Dec 07 (11)Dec 06 (9)Dec 05 (10)Dec 04 (2)Dec 03 (15)Dec 02 (14)Dec 01 (10)Nov 30 (10)Nov 29 (6)Nov 28 (7)Nov 27 (6)Nov 26 (12)Nov 25 (10)Nov 24 (10)Nov 23 (10)Nov 22 (12)Nov 21 (7)Nov 20 (11)Nov 19 (3)Nov 18 (12)Nov 17 (8)Nov 16 (15)Nov 15 (5)Nov 14 (10)Nov 13 (8)Nov 12 (5)Nov 11 (10)Nov 10 (3)Nov 09 (11)Nov 08 (10)Nov 07 (10)Nov 06 (7)Nov 05 (13)Nov 04 (14)Nov 03 (17)Nov 02 (15)Nov 01 (13)Oct 31 (9)Oct 30 (18)Oct 29 (9)Oct 28 (14)Oct 27 (17)Oct 26 (10)Oct 25 (16)Oct 24 (7)Oct 23 (15)Oct 22 (20)Oct 21 (18)Oct 20 (17)Oct 19 (13)Oct 18 (11)Oct 17 (11)Oct 16 (9)Oct 15 (12)Oct 14 (14)Oct 13 (10)Oct 12 (9)Oct 11 (12)Oct 10 (11)Oct 09 (9)Oct 08 (12)Oct 07 (8)Oct 06 (16)Oct 05 (6)Oct 04 (18)Oct 03 (21)Oct 02 (15)Oct 01 (13)Sep 30 (17)Sep 29 (19)Sep 28 (14)Sep 27 (17)Sep 26 (11)Sep 25 (17)Sep 24 (16)Sep 22 (6)Sep 21 (25)Sep 19 (6)Sep 18 (4)Sep 17 (8)Sep 16 (4)Sep 15 (11)Sep 14 (27)Sep 10 (3)Sep 09 (3)Sep 08 (13)Sep 07 (8)Sep 06 (13)Sep 05 (7)Sep 04 (15)Sep 03 (17)Sep 02 (6)Sep 01 (10)Aug 31 (9)Aug 30 (12)Aug 29 (14)Aug 28 (13)Aug 27 (14)Aug 26 (7)Aug 25 (8)Aug 24 (9)Aug 23 (12)Aug 22 (8)Aug 21 (7)Aug 20 (11)Aug 19 (12)Aug 18 (12)Aug 17 (9)Aug 16 (14)Aug 15 (16)Aug 14 (15)Aug 13 (11)Aug 12 (13)Aug 11 (16)Aug 10 (11)Aug 09 (19)Aug 08 (11)Aug 07 (12)Aug 06 (18)Aug 05 (17)Aug 04 (16)Aug 03 (6)Aug 02 (6)Aug 01 (8)Jul 31 (9)Jul 30 (12)Jul 29 (21)Jul 28 (8)Jul 27 (6)Jul 26 (2)Jul 25 (8)Jul 24 (12)Jul 23 (9)Jul 22 (16)Jul 21 (17)Jul 20 (10)Jul 19 (10)Jul 18 (12)Jul 17 (16)Jul 16 (15)Jul 15 (5)Jul 14 (9)Jul 13 (4)Jul 12 (14)Jul 11 (4)Jul 10 (8)Jul 09 (10)Jul 08 (16)Jul 07 (2)Jul 06 (9)Jul 05 (12)Jul 04 (9)Jul 03 (6)Jul 02 (19)Jul 01 (6)Jun 30 (22)Jun 29 (9)Jun 28 (5)Jun 27 (5)Jun 26 (10)Jun 25 (8)Jun 24 (13)Jun 23 (13)Jun 22 (22)Jun 21 (12)Jun 20 (13)Jun 19 (13)Jun 18 (12)Jun 17 (15)Jun 16 (8)Jun 15 (12)Jun 14 (9)Jun 13 (11)Jun 12 (12)Jun 11 (15)Jun 10 (17)Jun 09 (13)Jun 08 (11)Jun 07 (10)Jun 06 (7)Jun 05 (13)Jun 04 (24)Jun 03 (2)Jun 02 (14)Jun 01 (8)May 31 (15)May 30 (12)May 29 (16)May 28 (12)May 27 (17)May 26 (12)May 25 (12)May 24 (10)May 23 (10)May 22 (12)May 21 (20)May 20 (18)May 19 (23)May 18 (17)May 17 (16)May 16 (18)May 15 (13)May 14 (18)May 13 (20)May 12 (10)May 11 (16)May 10 (13)May 09 (10)May 08 (9)May 07 (11)May 06 (9)May 05 (11)May 04 (17)May 03 (15)May 02 (11)May 01 (14)Apr 30 (13)Apr 29 (8)Apr 28 (14)Apr 27 (18)Apr 26 (9)Apr 25 (12)Apr 24 (9)Apr 23 (12)Apr 22 (10)Apr 21 (18)Apr 20 (18)Apr 19 (4)Apr 18 (10)Apr 17 (14)Apr 16 (10)Apr 15 (13)Apr 14 (1)Apr 13 (2)Apr 12 (2)Apr 11 (17)Apr 10 (10)Apr 09 (13)Apr 08 (11)Apr 07 (19)Apr 06 (13)Apr 05 (9)Apr 04 (11)Apr 03 (11)Apr 02 (17)Apr 01 (14)Mar 31 (11)Mar 30 (15)Mar 29 (11)Mar 28 (12)Mar 27 (15)Mar 26 (11)Mar 25 (13)Mar 24 (20)Mar 23 (9)Mar 22 (12)Mar 21 (10)Mar 20 (8)Mar 19 (11)Mar 18 (14)Mar 17 (16)Mar 16 (14)Mar 15 (4)Mar 14 (11)Mar 13 (11)Mar 12 (11)Mar 11 (13)Mar 10 (12)Mar 09 (12)Mar 08 (13)Mar 07 (13)Mar 06 (12)Mar 05 (11)Mar 04 (19)Mar 03 (16)Mar 02 (10)Mar 01 (8)Feb 28 (8)Feb 27 (9)Feb 26 (19)Feb 25 (10)Feb 24 (8)Feb 23 (12)Feb 22 (17)Feb 21 (6)Feb 20 (11)Feb 19 (8)Feb 18 (15)Feb 17 (8)Feb 16 (8)Feb 15 (15)Feb 14 (9)Feb 13 (12)Feb 12 (13)Feb 11 (16)Feb 10 (14)Feb 09 (8)Feb 08 (12)Feb 07 (13)Feb 06 (21)Feb 05 (18)Feb 04 (8)Feb 03 (19)Feb 02 (11)Feb 01 (13)Jan 31 (14)Jan 30 (10)Jan 29 (18)Jan 28 (13)Jan 27 (15)Jan 26 (11)Jan 25 (9)Jan 23 (17)Jan 22 (12)Jan 21 (14)Jan 20 (11)Jan 19 (14)Jan 18 (12)Jan 17 (7)Jan 16 (12)Jan 15 (10)Jan 14 (11)Jan 13 (12)Jan 12 (13)Jan 11 (12)Jan 10 (8)Jan 09 (10)Jan 08 (8)Jan 07 (11)Jan 06 (10)Jan 05 (14)Jan 04 (10)Jan 03 (13)Jan 02 (12)Jan 01 (8)Dec 31 (22)Dec 30 (14)Dec 29 (14)Dec 28 (10)Dec 27 (17)Dec 26 (8)Dec 25 (3)Dec 24 (14)Dec 23 (10)Dec 22 (16)Dec 21 (13)Dec 20 (12)Dec 19 (18)Dec 18 (7)Dec 17 (14)Dec 16 (11)Dec 15 (15)Dec 14 (16)Dec 13 (15)Dec 12 (11)Dec 11 (15)Dec 10 (16)Dec 09 (9)Dec 08 (18)Dec 07 (19)Dec 06 (15)Dec 05 (19)Dec 04 (24)Dec 03 (10)Dec 02 (13)Dec 01 (11)Nov 30 (7)Nov 29 (9)Nov 28 (23)Nov 27 (23)Nov 26 (8)Nov 25 (11)Nov 24 (22)Nov 23 (11)Nov 22 (9)Nov 21 (10)Nov 20 (10)Nov 19 (16)Nov 18 (13)Nov 17 (12)Nov 16 (13)Nov 15 (12)Nov 14 (19)Nov 13 (17)Nov 12 (12)Nov 11 (19)Nov 10 (17)Nov 09 (16)Nov 08 (11)Nov 07 (14)Nov 06 (20)Nov 05 (20)Nov 04 (16)Nov 03 (17)Nov 02 (10)Nov 01 (16)Oct 31 (24)Oct 30 (11)Oct 29 (21)Oct 28 (15)Oct 27 (16)Oct 26 (19)Oct 25 (16)Oct 24 (22)Oct 23 (10)Oct 22 (21)Oct 21 (19)Oct 20 (15)Oct 19 (18)Oct 18 (17)Oct 17 (15)Oct 16 (21)Oct 15 (22)Oct 14 (14)Oct 13 (13)Oct 12 (16)Oct 11 (10)Oct 10 (15)Oct 09 (16)Oct 08 (20)Oct 07 (11)Oct 06 (22)Oct 05 (7)Oct 04 (13)Oct 03 (21)Oct 02 (17)Oct 01 (21)Sep 30 (8)Sep 29 (24)Sep 28 (22)Sep 27 (15)Sep 26 (14)Sep 25 (11)Sep 24 (22)Sep 23 (14)Sep 22 (22)Sep 21 (15)Sep 20 (9)Sep 18 (18)Sep 17 (19)Sep 16 (33)Sep 15 (10)Sep 14 (18)Sep 13 (13)Sep 12 (14)Sep 11 (26)Sep 10 (16)Sep 09 (20)Sep 08 (16)Sep 07 (19)Sep 06 (13)Sep 05 (19)Sep 04 (23)Sep 03 (24)Sep 02 (19)Sep 01 (17)Aug 31 (18)Aug 30 (14)Aug 29 (26)Aug 28 (17)Aug 27 (23)Aug 26 (24)Aug 25 (16)Aug 24 (30)Aug 23 (16)Aug 22 (20)Aug 21 (11)Aug 20 (16)Aug 19 (23)Aug 17 (13)Aug 16 (11)Aug 15 (10)Aug 14 (15)Aug 13 (24)Aug 12 (14)Aug 11 (17)Aug 10 (15)Aug 09 (21)Aug 08 (25)Aug 07 (11)Aug 06 (25)Aug 05 (17)Aug 04 (20)Aug 03 (24)Aug 02 (33)Aug 01 (18)Jul 31 (14)Jul 30 (14)Jul 29 (17)Jul 28 (14)Jul 27 (15)Jul 26 (10)Jul 25 (19)Jul 24 (17)Jul 23 (15)Jul 22 (12)Jul 21 (18)Jul 20 (17)Jul 19 (17)Jul 16 (9)Jul 15 (15)Jul 14 (10)Jul 13 (10)Jul 12 (20)Jul 11 (18)Jul 10 (8)Jul 09 (21)Jul 08 (15)Jul 07 (18)Jul 06 (29)Jul 05 (14)Jul 04 (13)Jul 03 (10)Jul 02 (11)Jul 01 (10)Jun 30 (17)Jun 29 (13)Jun 28 (9)Jun 27 (19)Jun 26 (18)Jun 25 (18)Jun 24 (10)Jun 23 (12)Jun 22 (15)Jun 21 (13)Jun 20 (21)Jun 19 (13)Jun 18 (14)Jun 17 (8)Jun 16 (14)Jun 15 (18)Jun 14 (16)Jun 13 (14)Jun 12 (19)Jun 11 (23)Jun 10 (20)Jun 09 (15)Jun 08 (22)Jun 07 (20)Jun 06 (8)Jun 05 (11)Jun 04 (19)Jun 03 (30)Jun 02 (14)Jun 01 (20)May 31 (12)May 30 (22)May 29 (16)May 28 (26)May 27 (22)May 26 (15)May 25 (16)May 24 (13)May 23 (7)May 22 (21)May 21 (12)May 18 (14)May 17 (10)May 16 (16)May 15 (17)May 14 (13)May 13 (23)May 12 (19)May 11 (21)May 10 (17)May 09 (18)May 08 (8)May 07 (21)May 06 (13)May 05 (11)May 04 (19)May 03 (17)May 02 (14)May 01 (15)Apr 30 (21)Apr 29 (26)Apr 28 (8)Apr 27 (11)Apr 26 (16)Apr 25 (15)Apr 24 (10)Apr 23 (12)Apr 22 (17)Apr 21 (9)Apr 20 (13)Apr 19 (6)Apr 18 (12)Apr 17 (10)Apr 16 (13)Apr 15 (16)Apr 11 (10)Apr 10 (12)Apr 09 (9)Apr 08 (20)Apr 07 (15)Apr 06 (14)Apr 05 (18)Apr 04 (14)Apr 03 (19)Apr 02 (17)Apr 01 (16)Mar 31 (17)Mar 30 (15)Mar 29 (11)Mar 28 (20)Mar 27 (11)Mar 26 (12)Mar 25 (13)Mar 24 (15)Mar 23 (18)Mar 22 (9)Mar 21 (8)Mar 20 (11)Mar 19 (13)Mar 18 (15)Mar 17 (16)Mar 16 (15)Mar 15 (9)Mar 14 (12)Mar 13 (13)Mar 12 (12)Mar 11 (10)Mar 10 (17)Mar 09 (13)Mar 08 (14)Mar 07 (16)Mar 06 (15)Mar 05 (14)Mar 04 (8)Mar 03 (5)Mar 02 (12)Mar 01 (14)Feb 29 (12)Feb 28 (13)Feb 27 (11)Feb 26 (15)Feb 25 (14)Feb 24 (5)Feb 23 (6)Feb 22 (17)Feb 21 (3)Feb 20 (13)Feb 19 (13)Feb 18 (20)Feb 17 (11)Feb 16 (13)Feb 15 (11)Feb 14 (17)Feb 13 (11)Feb 12 (10)Feb 11 (18)Feb 10 (13)Feb 09 (11)Feb 08 (15)Feb 07 (14)Feb 06 (9)Feb 05 (13)Feb 04 (2)Feb 03 (22)Feb 02 (14)Feb 01 (19)Jan 31 (15)Jan 30 (14)Jan 29 (20)Jan 28 (13)Jan 27 (14)Jan 26 (9)Jan 25 (8)Jan 24 (14)Jan 23 (12)Jan 22 (6)Jan 21 (8)Jan 20 (7)Jan 19 (7)Jan 18 (10)Jan 17 (4)Jan 16 (15)Jan 15 (7)Jan 14 (16)Jan 09 (5)Jan 08 (13)Jan 07 (6)Jan 06 (6)Jan 04 (9)Jan 03 (4)Jan 02 (14)Jan 01 (4)Dec 31 (16)Dec 30 (7)Dec 29 (6)Dec 28 (12)Dec 27 (15)Dec 26 (10)Dec 25 (10)Dec 24 (13)Dec 23 (8)Dec 22 (10)Dec 21 (10)Dec 20 (9)Dec 19 (18)Dec 18 (14)Dec 17 (18)Dec 16 (11)Dec 15 (14)Dec 14 (11)Dec 13 (12)Dec 12 (17)Dec 11 (14)Dec 10 (16)Dec 09 (15)Dec 08 (6)Dec 07 (15)Dec 06 (11)Dec 05 (13)Dec 04 (11)Dec 03 (11)Dec 02 (8)Dec 01 (8)Nov 30 (14)Nov 29 (12)Nov 27 (5)Nov 26 (13)Nov 25 (10)Nov 24 (8)Nov 23 (10)Nov 21 (8)Nov 20 (13)Nov 19 (14)Nov 18 (5)Nov 17 (7)Nov 16 (11)Nov 15 (13)Nov 14 (12)Nov 13 (12)Nov 12 (9)Nov 11 (12)Nov 10 (5)Nov 09 (6)Nov 08 (9)Nov 07 (2)Nov 06 (9)Nov 05 (9)Nov 04 (7)Nov 03 (8)Nov 02 (11)Nov 01 (7)Oct 31 (7)Oct 30 (12)Oct 29 (10)Oct 28 (7)Oct 27 (6)Oct 26 (13)Oct 25 (7)Oct 24 (13)Oct 23 (11)Oct 22 (20)Oct 21 (7)Oct 20 (16)Oct 19 (13)Oct 18 (7)Oct 17 (8)Oct 16 (11)Oct 15 (8)Oct 14 (10)Oct 13 (7)Oct 12 (12)Oct 11 (9)Oct 10 (8)Oct 09 (8)Oct 08 (15)Oct 07 (8)Oct 06 (10)Oct 05 (7)Oct 04 (12)Oct 03 (9)Oct 02 (10)Oct 01 (13)Sep 30 (7)Sep 29 (9)Sep 28 (10)Sep 27 (6)Sep 26 (9)Sep 25 (8)Sep 24 (9)Sep 23 (5)Sep 22 (8)Sep 21 (12)Sep 20 (11)Sep 19 (17)Sep 18 (5)Sep 17 (9)Sep 16 (10)Sep 15 (8)Sep 14 (9)Sep 13 (3)Sep 12 (8)Sep 11 (9)Sep 10 (10)Sep 08 (8)Sep 07 (9)Sep 06 (5)Sep 05 (13)Sep 04 (17)Sep 03 (8)Sep 02 (8)Sep 01 (13)Aug 31 (14)Aug 30 (9)Aug 29 (18)Aug 28 (12)Aug 27 (4)Aug 26 (8)Aug 25 (5)Aug 24 (8)Aug 23 (10)Aug 22 (9)Aug 21 (8)Aug 20 (21)Aug 19 (11)Aug 18 (8)Aug 17 (10)Aug 16 (12)Aug 15 (16)Aug 14 (15)Aug 13 (15)Aug 12 (5)Aug 11 (15)Last Updated: January 07, 2010WikiLeaks [ 01-04 ]| WikiLeaks [ 05- 09] | WikiLeaks [10-14] | WikiLeaks [15- 24]| WikiLeaks [25- 34]LATEST HEADLINES:  -----------------------------------------------------------Advertisement- Paid Advertisements STAY UPDATEDCartoon by IndikaFEATURED LINKSVIDEO: SAVE RIZANA!___________________LATEST WORLD NEWS VIDEO-paid Advertisements       2010  Sri Lanka Guardian. All Rights Reserved.   -   Designed by NI+ DBH - Online since Aug. 2007 - Contact us at feed@srilankaguardian.org