I Think I Believe - powered by FeedBurner&I Think I Believesyndicated content powered by FeedBurner...Reset this favorite; show all Subscribe optionsSubscribe Now!...with web-based news readers. Click your choice below:...with other readers:(Choose Your Reader)FeedDemonNetNewsWireNewsFireNewsGator Outlook EditionRSSOwlShrookUniversal Subscription Mechanism (USM) View Feed XMLFeedBurner makes it easy to receive content updates in My Yahoo!, Newsgator, Bloglines, and other news readers.Learn more about syndication and FeedBurner...Current Feed ContentEpic church sign failPosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 21:04:12 +0000There are no words...Via Failblog.Here's one to clean your dirty, dirty mind:Via Jesus Needs New PR.Looks hot: Islams Quantum QuestionPosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 17:09:28 +0000If that awesome cover wasn't enough, Nidhal Guessoum's new book, Islam's Quantum Question: Reconciling Muslim Tradition and Modern Science, looks like it might contain some awesome material as well.Salman Hameed of Irtiqa, my go-to source for science and Islam, highly recommends it, saying:There are very few good books out there that tackle the issue of Islam and science in a rational way. Often we find apologetic writings that grossly misunderstand science and end up doing a disservice to both Islam and science. Then we have books that address the issues of science & religion, but without a deeper understanding of religion. It is very rare (and I'm quite familiar with the terrain) where the writer takes both religion and science equally seriously. Nidhal's book is in this rare category.Guessoum is a faithful Muslim and an astrophysicist, so these questions have personal significance for him, beyond the mere academic. I find Muslim interaction with science fascinating. It's so familiar, yet significantly foreign. I wrote about my visit to the local mosque, back when I lived in Aberdeen, where they presented an Islamic creationism that was very similar to Christian creationism. I referenced Guessoum in that blog. I'm looking forward to reading his book.One reason Jerry Coyne is wrong about accommodationismPosted: Tue, 18 Jan 2011 09:40:45 +0000Jerry Coyne shared his less than optimistic prospects for accommodationism in general and BioLogos in particular. Using Al Mohler's comments the other day as his cue, he points to the central place of Biblical literalism in evangelical theology as the reason.The main mission ofBioLogos is to convert evangelical Christians from evolution-deniers to evolution-accepters. ...And the primary tactic in this mission is to convince evangelicals that their theology is simplywrong: proper Christianity, so the argument goes, doesntreally depend on a literal reading of the Bible. Adam and Eve, Noah, and much of the rest (but not Jesus and his miracles!) were simply metaphors, fictional characters always intended to represent spiritual rather than material truths. Genesis, too, is just a metaphor, so Darwin was right after all. This is howBioLogos, the National Center for Science Education, the National Academy of Sciences, and other accommodationist organizations operate. ...But anybody who knows evangelical ChristiansandBioLogos certainly shouldmust see that this is hogwash. These efforts are doomed because the faith of most of those Christiansabsolutely depends on Biblical literalism. (Granted,even literalists, when pressed, engage in a bit of interpretation.) And if you see Adam and Eve as fictional, well, thenother stuff could be fictional tooand where would it all end? The Rock of Ages starts to look like an ice cube. To keep their faith, evangelicals must defend the redoubt of literalism.Now, Coyne has a certain point. Biblical literalism is the main reason evangelicals are evolution-deniers, not evolution-accepters. It's because evangelicals are convinced that the Bible should be read as literally as possible that many of them remain unconvinced that Genesis isn't history and science. This doctrine seems to be the glue that holds together evangelical theology, and the fear is, if literalism is disputed in one area and rejected, it might as well be rejected in them all. So that's why so many evangelicals are reluctant to accept a thoroughly accommodationist position, embracing science and evolution. And in that sense, Coyne is right.Where Coyne is wrong, though, is quite obvious:Evangelicals not only can, but have changed their minds.One doesn't have to look further than BioLogos themselves. Vice-president Karl Giberson's journey is well documented - in his book Saving Darwin, for example - having originally gone to college because of Henry Morris, but finding the evidence for evolution overwhelming.I quoted Denis Lameroux a month or so ago, when he told his story on Evolutionary Christianity and explained how he had changed his mind on evolution, while still retaining his evangelicalism.Rachel Held Evans has told of her journey from evolution-denial to evolution-acceptance in Evolving in Monkey Town and most recently gave Al Mohler a piece of her mind about exactly this topic.Just to name three prominent examples.I myself grew up as a creationist. But I couldn't sustain that belief when I looked at the evidence. I'm still an evangelical. I'm not a literalist, but I believe in Biblical inspiration and see the Bible as authoritative in matters of faith. And I can tell you that I know many fellow evangelicals who have changed their minds.I'm not saying that we're a huge movement and that our conferences are like revival meetings with droves of people stepping forward to accept evolution. But I'm saying we're a significant minority. Significant, because we prove that evangelicals can be reasoned with. Show an evangelical that the proof for evolution is undeniable. Show him that Genesis can be read in different ways. Show him that it's perfectly possible to be a fully active, church going, hymn singing, Bible reading and hard praying evangelical Christian while unequivocally accepting evolution - and he might just change his mind.It has happened.What will happen in the future remains to be seen. Maybe Coyne's scenario will come to pass and the whole movement will fizzle out. But I don't think so. Reporting from the ground, so to speak, I see two important things happening: 1. Many evangelicals are accepting evolution, partly because of the work BioLogos does. 2. More importantly, evangelicals are realising that this isn't as serious an issue as they have been told. It's possible, they are increasingly saying, to agree to disagree on this. Accepting evolution doesn't mean compromising one's faith. It simply means having a different opinion on one particular topic. As acceptance of evolution becomes more widely seen as a viable option for evangelical Christians, I predict acceptance levels themselves will go up, since accepting evolution works so much better than denying it does.We'll see what happens, obviously. But crucially, Coyne's portrayal of evangelicals as rigid dogmatists is quite simply wrong. In many cases, at least. And following that I think his prediction are wrong too.BioLogos statement on science, faith and originsPosted: Mon, 17 Jan 2011 18:15:05 +0000Last week, BioLogos posted a statement on science, faith and origins which, although it's merely a summary of things discussed at a recent conference of theirs, quite eloquently summarises some of the most important points in the integration of science and Christianity.Science and FaithWe affirm historic Christianity as articulated in the classic ecumenical creeds. Beyond the original creation, God continues to act in the natural world by sustaining it and by providentially guiding it toward the goal of a restored and consummated creation. In contrast to Deism, Biologos affirms Gods direct involvement in human history, including singular acts such as the incarnation and resurrection of Christ, as well as ongoing acts such as answers to prayer and acts of salvation and personal transformation.We also affirm the value of science, which eloquently describes the glory of Gods creation. We stand with a long tradition of Christians for whom faith and science are mutually hospitable, and we see no necessary conflict between the Bible and the findings of science. We reject, however, the unspoken philosophical presuppositions of scientism, the belief that science is the sole source of all knowledge.In recent years voices have emerged who seek to undermine religious faith as intellectually disreputable, in part because of its alleged dissonance with science. Some go further, characterizing religion as a mind virus or a cultural evil. While many of their ideas are not new, these voices are often identified as the New Atheists, and scientism undergirds their thinking.In contrast to scientism, we deny that the material world constitutes the whole of reality and that science is our only path to truth. For all its fruitfulness, science is not an all-inclusive source of knowledge; scientism fails to recognize its limitations in fully understanding reality, including such matters as beauty, history, love, justice, friendship, and indeed science itself.We agree that the methods of the natural sciences provide the most reliable guide to understanding the material world, and the current evidence from science indicates that the diversity of life is best explained as a result of an evolutionary process. Thus BioLogos affirms that evolution is a means by which God providentially achieves Gods purposes.Accounts of OriginsWe affirm without reservation both the authority of the Bible and the integrity of science, accepting each of the Two Books (the Word and Works of God) as Gods revelations to humankind. Specifically, we affirm the central truth of the biblical accounts of Adam and Eve in revealing the character of God, the character of human beings, and the inherent goodness of the material creation.We acknowledge the challenge of providing an account of origins that does full justice both to science and to the biblical record. Based on our discussions, we affirm that there are several options that can achieve this synthesis, including some which involve a historical couple, Adam and Eve, and that embrace the compelling conclusions that the earth is more than four billion years old and that all species on this planet are historically related through the process of evolution. We commit ourselves to spreading the word about such harmonious accounts of truth that God has revealed in the Bible and through science.Talking about God's involvement in human history as "acts of salvation and personal transformation" is important I think, because we too often get bogged down with miracles. I assume miracles are included in the "answers to prayer" bit, and that's fine, but miracles aren't that central to everyday Christian life, when it comes down to it. At least not when compared to salvation and personal transformation. Often this discussion becomes a home game for the sciences, in a manner of speaking, and theology is forced to justify itself scientifically. Insisting on theological categories, such as salvation, is a welcomed change. A guy asked me the other day, contentiously, what the difference between humans and animals was. The fact that Jesus was incarnated as a human being tells us that humans are special, I answered. While there's a lot more we can and should say, we should not be afraid to insist on answering theologically like that. Maybe that's what we should do first and foremost.I also like how BioLogos recognises the historicity of Adam and Eve as one possibility among several. Personally, I think the first chapters of Genesis are myth and we should let them be myth and not force them into concordist schemes. But I can understand why some would want to do that. And while I don't think it's the best way of going about this, it's a way, and a valid one.Theology books and KindlePosted: Mon, 17 Jan 2011 14:53:21 +0000So, I've been thinking about getting a Kindle. But I need advice.I mainly read theology books. What does the Kindle have a lot of them? I mean, I don't want to buy the device only to find that there are only a few, maybe not so interesting theology titles available. I gather that the bigger publishers in the States do Kindle versions of their new books, but what about older books? Are there initiatives in place to make them available?What's your experience with Kindle, or other such software? And more than theology, are there a lot of academic titles available? And what about price? Is it cheaper?Best of 2011?: 7 Horns 7 EyesPosted: Sat, 15 Jan 2011 22:23:49 +0000As I leisurely share some of the best music, film and reading I enjoyed in 2010, I thought I should point those of you who, like me, love some metal to the general direction of 7 Horns 7 Eyes. I first heard them after a friend of mine, a serious metalhead, said they were the only Christian metal band, besides Extol, that he liked. And while no metal band, Christian or otherwise, is as good as Extol, 7 Horns 7 Eyes certainly rock hard. Very, very hard. They're currently finishing up their second album in the studio and have released this song, Vindicator, to whet our appetites. Brutal stuff. Click through to their YouTube channel to hear more and see them in the studio. I'll keep you posted on the album.Exochallenges unmetPosted: Sat, 15 Jan 2011 22:09:46 +0000In a post that struck me as encapsulating the ID spirit quite perfectly, Uncommon Descent the other day expressed weariness of the hype surrounding exoplanets. Sarcastically, they ask "Arent we at risk of running out of gee whiz adjectives?"It's understandable that the folks over at Uncommon would feel this way. If you define yourself over and against the scientific community as the ID community does, you will automatically be negatively inclined towards what gets them excited. The scientific community has good PR people, so a couple times a year some discovery (or purported discovery) will be splashed all over the news. Often, they are overhyped - like the large hadron collider or the arsenic eating organism a couple of weeks ago. There's also the added dimension of evolution-support, implied or otherwise, in the particular case of exoplanets. The scientific community expects or hopes there to be life on viable exoplanets because of evolutionary presuppositions: The conditions are the same there as here, and life evolved here, so why not there? If you don't agree with those and even actively oppose them, chances are you'll be annoyed at news of exoplanets, especially when it's full of overexcited scientists going on about how great those planets are. That said, life on exoplanets doesn't necessarily run counter to ID presuppositions. Maybe the intelligent designer decided to create life on other planets than ours. Why not? Don't see how that couldn't fit into the ID worldview.While I can understand why Uncommon Descent is weary of exoplanetary news, I do think they underestimate the significance of finding out that we're not alone in the universe. If such an encounter takes place, where we meet extraterrestrial intelligent life, it would certainly change our view of ourselves and our place in the universe. Who are we? What's our relative importance in the universe? And, more practically, how do we relate to our new neighbours?It would also pose an important challenge to Christianity. Presumably, the aliens will be religious too. Where does that leave Christianity? If it's just one more story in a whole universe of stories, are we justified when insisting it is true? If the aliens are more advanced than us, will their religion be better? Who will be the first exomissionaries? There are a lot of issues worth considering here. It's too bad that the Uncommon guys don't seem interested in going there.I just started followingUncommon Descent, by the way. I've been aware of the ID blog for a long time, of course, and I've visited from time to time. But I never followed it closely until now. I'm still getting used to the tone of the different writers. There seems to be a mix between quite calm reasoning, on the one hand, and almost hysterical hyperbole, on the other. Of the latter, I thoughttheir post on "Evolutionary Christianity" the other day was over the top, both in content (since it criticised Michael Dowd for not doing something he never said he would do) and in particular wording. Tell me, more seasoned readers, are quotes like this a regularoccurrence?This co-option of evolution into Christianity reminds me of the co-option of Eugenics into Christianity in the early part of last century, a bad idea that will pass.The mark of the beast? Theres an app for that!Posted: Sat, 15 Jan 2011 16:00:26 +0000So there's a significant portion of my fellow Evangelicals who think that technological development is headed for a point in the future, where monetary interactions will be confined and restrained to one certain technology, probably a microchip, which everyone will be forced (by the government and/or the invisible (right?) hand of the market) to have implanted. Without this chip, they will not be able to buy or sell. And after a while, all those who refuse will be hunted down and killed by the anti-Christ.One of my friends on Facebook, one who actively fears (or maybe "anticipates" is the right word - in truth he seems quite delighted that the world is going to hell) the above scenario, posted the video above. Presumably as proof that it lends credence to the end time scenario just roughly outlined.Those of us theologically sophisticated know that the scenario and the larger eschatological myth in which it is contained is, in addition to being hopelessly self-contradictory, all a big technophobic paranoid misunderstanding of certain Biblical "prophecy". The Book of Revelation is not about the future. It's about the past, in as much as it's a allegorical account of the situation of the early church, oppressed by the Roman empire. It's also about the present, because it tells the essential truth of the church. What it doesn't do is foretell a coming nuclear holocaust. Nothing like what the Left Behind books describe is going to happen and, so, we don't have to be afraid of microchips.On the contrary, I think a ubiquitous piece of technology that doubles as "plastic" money and extended identity card would be a great idea. I'm not convinced that a microchip would work very well though. With the rate that technology develops, it seems profoundly impractical to actually implant something into one's body. Much more doable is a software solution. I imagine something the solution being a smartphone app, uniquely responsive to the owner's finger print, retina scan, voiceprint or similar. In addition to using it to buy (and sell) things and as personal ID (with basic information, plus medical records and the like), maybe it could also be your keychain, starting your car and unlocking your front door. It could also be a key to digital devices, such as your computer. There are many conceivable uses for an app of the sort.More and more people have smartphones, so the vehicle for the app is already there. As software, it can be installed and updated much more cheaply and easily than hardware. I imagine the governments of the world could give incentives of some sort to people to get the app (and the smartphone if they don't have one already).So, I guess you can say that I'm all for the mark of the beast. It would make our lives a lot easier (and prolong them, as the video above illustrates). Now if we could just get that one world government to implement all this, that would be great!I was [ad hocced!]Posted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 21:41:30 +0000Do listen to the latest episode of [ad hoc] Christianity. Discussing various topics flouting around in the theological blogosphere, they reference yours truly complaining about Al Mohler. Honoured!Oh, and I forgive you for not getting my last name right, or, not even attempting to get it right.  Best of 2010: The Social NetworkPosted: Wed, 12 Jan 2011 18:00:25 +0000A couple of years ago I read The Dirt, Motley Crue's autobiography. It was a fascinating and entertaining read. But after reading it I was left with a strong feeling that never in a million years would I want that sort of life. I'm sure the money, fame and girls (girls, girls!)were fun, but, hoping I don't sound too cliche here, there was a sort of emptiness at the end of it. They weren't even friends after playing in a band for a decade. I'd love to sell a million records, but not at the expense of my friends, health and sanity.I had the same feeling at the end of The Social Network. It's a great film. It's a riveting story, beautifully told. The actors do a good job and the soundtrack is among this year's best. But damn. I'm glad I know none of these people. I'm glad that my "social network" is nothing like theirs. I'll stay a million miles away, thank you very much.Not that I don't have a profile on Facebook. I do and, as my friends will tell you, I'm quite active on there.People have a range of opinions on what Facebook has done to friendship. Some think it has made friendship more shallow, designating interactions that are far from deep and engaged as genuine friendship. Some think Facebook introduces less than pleasant elements, bordering on cyberstalking, into regular friendships as we all spy on each other's status updates, infos and photos. Some say it reduces friendship to networking, where friendship becomes utility. And some don't like how Facebook seems driven by narcissism, with friends endlessly posing for each other trying to coax likes and witty comments.All good points. But what I think Facebook's most important contribution to friendship is its widening. Before Facebook, I had a lot of friends, but only a few that I kept in regular contact with (especially true of us who live in countries other than that of our birth). Physically, I have only a handful of friends here in Manchester and none of them I've grown up with. But on Facebook, I can not only keep in touch with my best friends, but also stay updated on what a host ofacquaintancesare doing in their lives. We might not communicate a whole lot, but we send each other birthday greetings and the occasional like or photo comment. When I do see them on the street or somewhere, because of Facebook we're much more likely to exchange pleasantries. Also, Facebook (and to some extent Twitter) have introduced me to many new friends, especially in the theological blogosphere. That's why I keep that Facebook tab to left hand side - I really like getting to know people who read this blog.Facebook has, I think, had a very positive impact on friendship.Which is why the central element of The Social Network's plot is so compelling and bitterly ironic. It's a story of betrayal and the sacrifice of friendship in the pursuit of success. It is arguably only because Zuckerberg took advantage of his friends that our friendships now are widened by Facebook. This central ambiguity, of both the film and of the website, is, I think, an opportunity to reflect on our own friendships and what kinds of friends we ourselves are, and how Facebook plays a part in that. If, that is, we want to draw a pedagogical lesson from the film.I'm reminded of the theological importance Hauerwas. But I might just get unto that when I write about Hannah's Child as one of the best reads of 2010.FeedBurner delivers the world's subscriptions wherever they need to go. Publish a feed for text or podcasting? You should try FeedBurner today.