CBS News Poll: Most Oppose GOP Tax Plan // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 43Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 87Corporations or politicians hurting America? 16Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 03, 2010| 57 commentsCBS News Poll: Most Oppose GOP Tax Plansource: http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-20024494-503544.html?tag=stackAn error occurred while setting up video display.TimALoftis added thisRepublicans have argued that the midterm elections have given them a mandate on what they are calling one of the most important issues facing America, the extension of the Bush-era tax cuts."The American people want us to stop all the looming tax hikes and to cut spending, and that should be the priority of the remaining days that we have in this Congress," incoming House Speaker Rep. John Boehner said Thursday. Boehner added that a House vote Thursday to extend the cuts for all but the highest-earning Americans amounted to "chicken crap."According to a new CBS News poll, however, Boehner is off-base in his claim that Americans "want us to stop all the looming tax hikes."The poll finds that 53 percent of Americans want the Bush-era tax cuts extended only for households earning less than $250,000 per year. That roughly matches the proposal put forth by the White House, which wants to extend the cuts only for incomes less than $250,000 for families and $200,000 for individuals.Just 26 percent of Americans say they support extending the cuts for all Americans, even those earning above the $250,000 level, which is the GOP proposal.Another 14 percent of Americans say the cuts should expire for all Americans. The Treasury Department says the cost of making the cuts permanent for everyone is $3.7 trillion over a decade. The White House plan which would not extend the cuts on high earners would cost an estimated $3 trillion over ten years. (By point of contrast, the controversial deficit commission proposal released this week would save about $4 trillion in that time.)Seventy percent of Democrats want to extend the cuts only on incomes below $250,000, according to the CBS News poll. Forty-seven percent of independents and 41 percent of Republicans agree.Only ten percent of Democrats and one in four independents back the GOP proposal to extend the tax cuts for all. Even among Republicans, support for extending all the cuts is less than half at 46 percent.The Bush-era tax cuts are set to expire for all Americans by the end of the year, and lawmakers are working feverishly to reach compromise on the issue during the lame duck session. The Democrat-led House voted Thursday to extend them for those below then $200,000/$250,000 threshold, but the bill is unlikely to get the 60 votes it needs to break a GOP filibuster in the Senate.Following the House vote, Republican Rep. Darrell Issa of California released a statement saying Democrats "just don't get it.""Clearly, Congressional Democrats learned nothing from the lessons of November 2nd," he said. "The American people had a clear choice between those that want to cut taxes for all Americans and those that want to raise them and they chose decisively. Instead of living up to the mandate set by the American people, Congressional Democrats have defied the will of the American people."President Obama dispatched Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, Jack Lew, to oversee negotiations on finding common ground on the issue earlier this week following a meeting with congressional leaders from both parties. White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Thursday that "[t]he talks are ongoing and productive, but any reports that we are near a deal in the tax cuts negotiations are inaccurate and premature."Republicans have suggested they are unwilling to compromise on the issue, and most political observers expect Democrats to agree to extend all the cuts temporarily. In exchange, Republicans could give ground on other Democratic priorities, such as ratification of the START arms treaty with Russia or an extension of unemployment benefits, which expired on Tuesday.groups:News, Politics tags:bush tax cuts |57 comments// CBS News Poll: Most Oppose GOP Tax Planhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel-1ras_menelikWhat happen to DADT if I hear another tea bagged talk about ramming it down his throat ... 1 month agoflag  reply-1JohnAOh, now we are paying attention to polls.  They didn't seem to matter when 56% of Americans said they did not want Obamacare and the Democrats rammed it down our throats anyway. 1 month agoflag  reply0timetide  JohnA:I always get a homo-erotic vibe whenever conservatives start talking about ramming things down throats. 1 month agoflag  reply0JohnA  timetide:Sounds like a personal problem. 1 month agoflag  reply+3PressCore" One of the most important issues facing the USA " !!!!!!! ????????That reality check bounced. We the People don't speak every 2 yearseither. We speak every day. Why doesn't he poll all the voters and riskbeing proved wrong ? Any country's economy is like an airplane. They're going to crash amalready stalled economy if they don't re enact another 99 week Unemployment Insurance S.U.A., and soon !!! They're going to earn a bad rep realy fast if they hold Millions of Americans hostage to the stollen wealth of the top 1%. Especialy after their villian hero Ronald Reagan started that obscene ball rolling 30 years ago. Do you remember when he held up a quarter, nickle and 3 cents telling you that was all your dollar was worth in 1980 ? The top 1% only owned 75% of our Commonwealth back then. Thanks to Reagan's tax cuts compensated for by quadrupling the national debt into its current vicious cycle, the inflation tax Reagan placed on the people's backs have increased that 75% to 90%. And you can forget about that quarter in the quarter, nickle and 3 cents. The price of Gold & Silver are an inverse barometer of the true monentary purchasing power of the currency you earn today. Gold was $400 then. It's 3- 4 times that now. Economists have forcast it reaching $2,000 by 2012. It's exactly blind, deaf, and dumb bad montary policy like this that fuels such hyperinflation. Reagan's " trickle down " scam was a flim flam for the suckers who voted for him. They're still repeating that class warfare like a broken record for numb ignoramuses now..Getting H.R. Rep. Dr.Ron Paul appointed as chairman of the monentary policy is one the most important issues facing the USA today. They just won't learn not to continue making one bad investment after another, with other people's tax money, will they ????? Not until the dollar collapses, and they're forced to see. 1 month agoflag  reply-5Sparky2UAre you Libs posting "DainBramaged" or what?  Do you not understand that YOUR TAXES are going to go UP?  OK, so the people who make more money will not have to pay more, I get that. What I can not understand is how you people think Raising Taxes on All Americans is a good thing. This means YOU!All of us. Not too smart are you. 1 month agoflag  reply+2Marilynn_Murray  Sparky2U:We can't afford tax cuts for anyone. Do you think it's smart to borrow money from China to give tax cuts? Get real. George Bush borrowed billions from them that's why we are in this mess. Maybe you max out your credit cards to stimulate your economics, smart people don't. 1 month agoflag  reply+3thedirtman  Sparky2U:The answer lies in the concept of long-term gain.  We expect our taxes to pay for roads and school teachers and national defense.  More and more our taxes only pay for interest on the national debt, and more and more that money goes to China.  Some day we're going to be working for China.  If we pay down the debt we can use more of that money for our children. 1 month agoflag  reply0timetide  Sparky2U:we don't want to raise it on everybody but I see no practicle reason why we should keep the tax cuts on people who make $250,000+ a year. We've had a decade of Bush tax rates and it was a decade that stalled the american economy. Most people would think that after 10 years of a failed policy most people would be able to admit that it is in fact a failed policy. 1 month agoflag  reply+2Marilynn_MurrayI wonder what people were thinking when they sent all the new Republicans to Washington this election. Granted there were some lame assed Democrats that needed replaced but God I can't believe some of the idiots they elected. Didn't the people pay any attention to what happened during the Bush years? We had a huge surplus when that Yahoo took office and he squandered it and gave us the biggest deficit in history. so Obama is trying to clean up the mess and of course it takes time and there has been some mistakes, but to send more cold hearted don't give a shit about average people politicians in after they spent the last two years filibustering and screwing things up to stop progress is beyond believable. 1 month agoflag  reply0JohnA  Marilynn_Murray:They were thinking "I didn't want Obamacare, and these assholes passed it anyway, so now they get voted out". 1 month agoflag  reply+5fun_sizeNo shit. The Republican tax plan is retarded. Trickle down economics never did and never will work. Theres a reason our deficit ballooned under Reagan. You cant increase spending and decrease taxes at the same time... it makes no sense. 1 month agoflag  reply0thedirtman  fun_size:"Trickle down economics never did and never will work."I wanted to post it one more time for emphasis. 1 month agoflag  reply+1VoyagerFilmsWell, now that the CBS poll has been released, give it a few months and the billions of dollars the Republican shitheads and their corporate supporters have will pay to change the polling results.They will lobby to convince the American people going deeper into National Debt to give welfare to the Wealthiest people in the world is somehow good for them.  Black is white, night is day, good is bad and you'll be sad.  Sorry for the rhyme 1 month agoflag  reply+3moodyblueWhy the democrats continue to reach across the aisle to these dicks, knowing they will only get smacked, continues to amaze me. They dont want compromise they want it their way. Well, people who voted republican.. Fuck you very much. 1 month agoflag  reply+3jubal  moodyblue:Reaching across the aisle is hated but necessary because without their support by even a few Republicans...they can't get past the filibuster. 1 month agoflag  reply+1remanns  jubal:fuckers 1 month agoflag  reply-3Sparky2U  moodyblue:And also to you Lib. 1 month agoflag  reply+5kennymotownThe public is not listened too anymore, over 70% wanted single payer and this tax cut has to go! 1 month agoflag  reply-7Sparky2U  kennymotown:Considering you are or were unemployed you made an ignorant statement. 1 month agoflag  reply+3RMattnerToursBoehmer is a dumb egotistical dick who really speaks a load of horse manure. 1 month agoflag  reply+2mik661hahaha Republicans say Democrats just dont get it. Apparently a signifigant portion of the Republicans and Independants dont get it either. 1 month agoflag  reply+2RMattnerTours  mik661:Too true 1 month agoflag  reply-1JohnA  mik661:Democrats didn't get it when it came to Obamacare.  But I bet the over 60 plus of them that got sent home because they voted for it get it now. 1 month agoflag  reply0mik661  JohnA:they didn't go home because of obamacare. They went home because they didn't go far enough and many of the disappointed voters who supported Obama stayed home from the polls while the republicans whipped up some fear to drive conservatives and the elderly to the polls. 1 month agoflag  reply-1JohnA  mik661:Of course they did.  Why do you think there is a push on for the Repeal Amendment, why do you think polls show as much as 65% of Americans want it repealed.  Ignore it if you want to, but they voted against the will of the people and they got sent packing for it.  You and Obama can believe otherwise, but there is only one reason the House flipped by over 60 seats, Obamacare. 1 month agoflag  reply+1mik661  JohnA:You need to study all the polls not just the one you like. When asked seperately about every major component of the bill a solid majority of Americans support them. Its the image that the conservatives have painted of the bill that people dislike. Wait till you try to take back some of the entitlements the bill has provided and see how quickly people change their tune. 1 month agoflag  reply-1JohnA  mik661:Health care needs reform, no one is against that.  I have a pre-existing condition, I am in favor of regulation.  I am not in favor of a huge, trillions of taxpayer dollars, government entitlement takeover.  Small things, this or that, OK, but Obamacare as a whole, no way.  They can do the little tweaks here or there just fine with total bi-partisan support.  When they pass a totally partisan over-reaching law bound to kill jobs and eat into everyone's paycheck and privacy, the people said bullshit.  If it is so great why is every labor union exempt from it?  If it is so great, why have over one hundred of the country's biggest companies asked for and been granted exemption from it?  If it is so great, why did the Congressmen that voted for it exempt themselves from it in the process?  When the amount your employer pays for your health care shows up on your 2011 W2, we'll see how fast you change your tune. 1 month agoflag  reply+3RitespaHey will the american people stop voting for republicans in general!...all they ever do in congress is make sure the rich people that fund their election to office get what they want and screw the little man...and I dare say the only reason republicans get elected is because they push conservatism and we all know who is the most conservative.....don't faint....christians...ole crap I said it..now I'll get hate mail for the TRUTH! 1 month agoflag  reply+3Marilynn_MurrayLet the tax cuts expire. We can't afford ANY tax cuts. How about we stop borrowing half of every dollar we spend from China. Soon we are going to sink out of sight because of greed and stupidity. PAY OUR DEBTS! 1 month agoflag  reply+2toyotabedzrock  Marilynn_Murray:Agreed, but I think the middle class does need a temporary cut, we can't afford it to be permanent. 1 month agoflag  reply+2mik661  Marilynn_Murray:We got a tax cut? I didnt notice any difference in my paycheck. 1 month agoflag  reply+2Marilynn_Murray  mik661:Bush gave us a tax cut about ten years ago, it is set to expire at the end of the year. It was small unnoticeable to us, huge for the wealthy. It needs to expire. We borrow forty cents of every dollar we spend. We are spending too much defending the whole world and can't afford tax cuts and wars at the same time. 1 month agoflag  reply+3mik661  Marilynn_Murray:Over the last 20 years the rich have gotten richer and control even more of the wealth. They effectively pay less taxes now then ever. The poor have gotten poorer and the working class has seen their buying power decrease while productivity has skyrocketed. Under Reagans trickle down we had recession and an exlposion of national debt. Under Bush we had recession and and an explosion of debt. Lets vote for more of the same. 1 month agoflag  reply+4remannsGOP -thieves masquerading as merchants 1 month agoflag  reply+3D3L3  remanns:It's not just the GOP. It's the majority of politicians and their corporate and banking brethren. They're not even masquerading anymore,  it's blatant  and ostensible. But no one seems to care. Two heads, one body, bro bot! 1 month agoflag  reply0remanns  D3L3:point taken.+^d 1 month agoflag  reply+2artemis6Because , it is insane . 1 month agoflag  reply+1PressCore  artemis6:That's why they call greed one of the 7 deadly sins. It's like drinking salt water.No amount is ever enough to sate their thirst. They're oblivious to the fact thatit's people who create wealth. Once they steal from everyone who can't protectthemselves. ironicly their money will be worthless, because by then the dollarwill have collapsed, and we'll have to depend on another monentary systemto restore order-and, as you said sanity. 1 month agoflag  reply+7TimALoftisOnly 26% support the GOP proposal that would extend the Bush tax cuts to those earning over $250,000. Even among the Republicans polled the number is less than half at 46%. 1 month agoflag  replymore fromNews:Latest Updates UniFirst CEO Ronald Croatti Louisiana officials: parts of coastline still heavily oiled Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... 9A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 109-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... more Louisiana officials: parts of coastline still heavily oiled Anonymous OperationTunisia FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Too much fluoride in water! Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  27 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  53 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  55 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. oppressed1 commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  1 hour agoHow is that hope and change thing working out for you. 2 trillion to the banks and car industry. This guy has given more to special intrest than Bush could have ever dreamed of. HE gets a pass... unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog