PTSD - From A Army MomHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesUnited States PoliticsU.S. MilitaryPTSD - From A Army MomPTSD - From A Army Mom84rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Army Infantry MomPTSD Well as a lot of you know I have a son returning from his deployment in Afghanistan. JB is an Infantryman for the Army. Front lines all the way. As a mom, And as a parent I felt compelled to learn more about PTSD. Here is a breakdown of what I learned, I hope this information helps you,.. help others that might be affected.First I wanna be clear that just because you may not have a loved one coming back from over-sea's that its not worth concerning yourself over. It does concern you, the Soldier's affected by this lives in my neighborhood and yours. hes at your local supermarket, hes at your local church. He's going through a personal battle and not only needs our support, they deserve our support. Second I want to address an issue that has been brought up by one of my neighbors. (You know who you are)The issue of a statement that was made,.."Those Soldier's are trained to handle that stuff " relating to our Soldiers over there seeing his brothers killed. Funny, I never seen that in my son's Military play book. I'm sorry but unless your an insane, killing, devil worshiping, monster, Their is no training to just get over it. People who make those comments are ignorant. Perhaps they are the ones that's really desensitized.PTSD Just when you thought everything was allright, you just might realize it is'nt.  1 out of 5 Will suffer from PTSDLet's look at some facts, 1 out of every 5 Soldiers returning home suffers from PTSD. They say it is 9 times more likely if they have served in Afghanistan or served multiple deployments in Iraq. Over the past few weeks of anticipating JB's return from Afghanistan I read 100's of articles and watched many videos of Soldiers speaking about PTSD and stress related disorders due to being deployed.Every Moment, Every CornerThe news reports the causalities and wounded. They show bombings and explosions that leave us here at home somewhat in awe. But in reality its the Soldiers that sees, hears and even smells the destruction. Did you know some Soldiers who came home says that a steak thrown on to a grill reminds them of the smells of burning fleshThey speak of how every moment, every corner they turn or every car that goes by could take their arm, their leg, their life. day after day, month after month, and some even years. A soldier medic talked about having to bag fellow brothers that were killed and the anger that over whelmed him when he ran out of body bags. Another medic spoke about how he had wounded civilians mainly children on his chopper in route for medical care and durning his flight he received notice that he had to pick up wounded Soldiers. He knew there wasn't enough room on board so he had to unload those he had on his chopper and leave them to die on a mountain side,..children. Other Soldiers were sent to remote posts that still have blood stains from past ambushes that took many of our Soldiers lives. A constant reminder that US Soldiers were ambushed and killed and it could be them this time around. Then theirs Soldiers who are ordered to blow up a building because they contain Taliban's, they heard screams of horror like they never heard before, they enter the building,.they just blew up kids and the one survivor is the mother of those kids. Note - The kid's get killed because the talibans seeks refuge in houses of locals, not due to mis information on out Soldiers part !!A Lot of Soldiers suffer from survivor guilt. One story really stuck with me. A grenade was thrown towards a Humvee and one 19 year old Soldier threw himself on the grenade, he was killed but saved 4 of his comrade from death. There is many of these stories on you tube that will impact you like nothing else has before. Stress-er for our Soldiers is their families they leave behindAnother big stress-er for our Soldiers is their families they leave behind. Young unmarried Soldiers worry about their moms back home, married Soldiers worries that their spouse will cheat. Divorce rates are at their highest and its no wonder - marriages are hard enough as it is but when a Soldier is deployed again and again some on their 6th tours, definitely explains it. Also a lot of soldiers miss out on their children being born. Anxious and excited to see their babies when they get home only to find out they cry and scream because the baby sees them as strangers, not Daddy.I am not sure what my son has encountered or what he has seen or what he was asked to do. I don't know how the war has affected him but I feel I'm ready to handle it and help him along the way.  Signs of PTSDHere are some signs to look for when your Soldier comes home. * Frequently having upsetting thoughts or memories of certain events.* Re-Accruing night mares.* Flashbacks - Acting or feeling as if the event was happening again.* Having strong feelings of distress when reminded of events.* Being physically responsive such as having a surge in heart rate and sweating.* Making efforts to avoid thoughts or feelings regarding the events.* Having a difficult time remembering important parts of the event.* A loss of interest in important once positive activities.* Feeling distant from loved ones and friends.* Experiencing difficulties having positive feelings such as love, happiness, etc.* Having a difficult time sleeping and staying asleep.* Being irritable and having outbursts of anger.* Difficulty concentrating.* Feeling on guard like they are still in danger.* Being startled easily, being jumpy.If you think you might have PTSD or have a loved one needing some help I encourage you to contact your local VA hospital or the Veterans Center which can be found in your local phone book. There is also a toll free number that will assist 1-877-222-VETS. Also I want to mention the VA has many (Community Based Outpatient Clinics).Alcholism, Drugs and SuicideAnother huge problem that affects many returning Soldiers is alcholism and drug abuse. Suicide rates have risen. Infact I was reading one story that will forever stay with me. A Soldier was telling how they got a shipment of new men in and within hours the camp was ambushed. He said he looked over and one of the new men that was their for only a few brief hours took his gun and shot himself in the head and ended his life. I also want to mention that a lot of them commit suicide after returning home. How you can helpSo how can you help someone who might have PTSD ?Support them, say thank you and let them know the sacrifices they made were appreciated. Show patience and empathy. Encourage them to talk but don't expect them to talk. Let them know just because the may have PTSD they are not weak, or unworthy of being honored. For more insight regaurding combat stress I highly suggest checking out this Soldier's blog, A Soldier's Mind At: http://soldiersmind.com/2009/05/29/working-to-defeat-combat-stress/Please watch the video below. It really puts things in a new perspective. Life at home is hard for returning Soldiers. Show them compassion and tolerance. Remember what they have been through.Last Thoughts, Last RequestsOne last thing I'd like to mention, for the wounded, recovery and treatment begins in the hospital. They need EXTRA support, encouragement, and love. Please send thank you letters and cards wishing them a speedy and sucessful recovery. Get others involved. Its amazing what these cards do for moral and stamps aren't that costly. Send to :Landstuhl Regional Medical Center - It is the largest American Hospital outside of the United States and is where the majority of our wounded Soldiers are directly transfered to from the battle ground. Wounded Soldiers arrive daily and theirs just not enough cards or letters available to these Brave Hero's.Wounded Warrior Ministry Centercmr 402APO AE 09180They also are requesting Burger King certificates ( There's a BK near the hosp.) and International calling cards so they can talk with loved ones from home.  A New great place to find Support & EncouragementOperation PTSD :Operation PTSD was newly founded by Jason Ream. Jason is a Dessert Storm Navy Vet who has dealt with PTSD for the last 17 years and is a advocate for others who are affected by PTSD. Operation PTSD has been a fast growing community where many are finding help, inspiration and a forum where Vets with PTSD and their families can not only get together to support one another but to discuss what treatments work and which ones that don't.A New great place to find Support & Encouragement.http://hubpages.com/_dmmz4koqz8cx/hub/OperationPTSDvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Gulf War Illness Part 1H1N1 Vaccines Mandatory For All Soldier'sCommentsmayhmong18 months ago Even though I am not a soldier, I do suffer with ptsd from so many rapes and abuse of my life. Its something that is very difficult to deal with and those around us. I am currently in therapy for it and will post a hub about it later. As I also have a few friends who came back from Afganistan that speaks of this disorder. I understand what you're going through and pray that your son gets well soon.God BlessArmy Infantry Mom18 months ago Thank you so much for being so open and honest about your stuggles you've had in your life. I certainly hope the therapy is helpful for you. As it stands I really don't know if my son will be affected or not,.He just ended his tour 5 days ago and hes still on the plane heading back to the states. I will keep my eyes open for any new hubs you write regaurding this subject, for you have insights that is helpful to many others, as I said before you are a trooper and you inspire me,..frogyfish18 months ago Thank you for the honesty of your expression and knowledge about this. My 22 year old grandson returned and had a difficult two months and he is now still angry about 'some' things. He lost hearing in one ear in firefight which doesn't bother him anything like seeing brothers die and washing their blood from out the Humvee.  He is a gunner, and killing has been hard for him too... God help protect our hero soldiers, every one!!Army Infantry Mom18 months ago Frogyfish - Personal insight is the only way people will see the truth. Please tell your grandson thank you for his service and I'm gald he made it home. My son like your grandson is a gunner,..My hearts aches to hear of his struggles due to the job he had as a gunner, yes killing people has got to be a tough thing and even more, seeing your brothers in arms with you killed. I am not sure what to expect when my son walks in the door any day now, but thanks to your comment I feel I have a better understanding of what to expect. I will keep your grandson in my prayers.DoodleLyn17 months ago This was a very insightful hub. Your son must be home by now. I pray he is making a full recovery, and that you are all adjusting and doing well. He will continue in my prayers, as are all of our soldiers. God bless!A Texan17 months ago I am happy your son made it through with the only thing a mother or father couldn't live without, I'm sure you know what that is! My parents lost two children in the viet nam war and I was wounded a couple of times, it took me years to get through some of these things and I was stubborn enough to think I could do it on my own. I finally accepted help and manage a good life with an occasional bout of anger, I have never really figured out who I was angry with, maybe myself. I hope all is well with your family and tell your son Thank you! Semper Fidelis!Army Infantry Mom16 months ago DoodleLyn - I am happy you thought it was insightful,.. Yes JB made it home and he was allright,..We were one of the luckier families. Thanks for your comment.Army Infantry Mom16 months ago Hey Tex,..I am glad your parents got you back,It saddens me every time I hear of a parent losing their child, there is absolutly nothing worse, than having the most precious thing takin away from you. I'm glad you are pulling through, you've been to hell, so ya,..I can see your reasonings for being mad. My son has his moments of being mad too,..And to be quite honest,...I have my moments of being mad also. Infact, I probably am safe to say, half the country's mad too.  Semper Fidelis !!!Hope Wilbanks14 months ago Thank you so much for this awesome article! The military does NOT equip our soldiers for this stuff. My husband is on his second deployment to Iraq and I can tell you, he has changed drastically. I noticed huge changes in him after his first deployment, and I'm nervous about pending changes from this one, too. The ones that ask for help aren't being taken seriously. It's extremely frustrating to me, as a wife, to see this happening.Army Infantry Mom14 months ago Hope - Your welcome for the artical,..It is fusterating,.When your love one comes home and you see that they have changed. Deployments do change people (especially mulitiple deployments), which in return change families when they come home. Unfortantly you can't bandage PTSD, and give it a few weeks to heal, infact the only thing one can do is try to be pateint, understanding and be a little more forgiving. It makes me think back to after I had my first child, I really wanted to lose the weight,..My Mama said,..well it took 9 months to gain it, for sure it will take 9 months to lose it. (She was right). Well our loved ones serving, has gone much further than the 9 months, with issues and circumstances that the normal human does'nt see or live in a normal world. I am more hopeful about treatment of PTSD more so now than back even 3 years ago. The message is out,..You are not concidered weak if you buckle under the presure or stress, which lets our Troops serving know its okay to say hey,..I think I need to talk to someone. Shoot if that was me over there,..I'd need to talk to someone after the first week I'm sure. I do beilieve that more resources are desperatly needed to assist not only the one's serving, but for their families as well. Divorce rate has sky rocketed and if these families had better resources, better tools, perhaps some of these families may have made it. I am appualed with the government for making families wait for help and treatment while they go through the red tape, Much , much more needs to be done. I will keep you and your husband in my prayers please tell him I appreciate all that he has done.palmerlarryray14 months ago Thanks for this article.  Very timely stuff.  PTSD affects many people.  My nine year old son suffers from it thanks to the things his bio mom put him through, including a suicide attempt in front of him when he was about 5 years old.PTSD can be just a personal trauma but as the state of Missouri found out a few years back, it can turn into a community trauma really quickly.   My freshman year of high school, there was a veteran soldier in the next town that lost it.  He killed the sherriff and his wife and injured a few other people.  I remember it took them all day to bring him out and I believe he died too by the time it was over.  If more people had understood what he was going through, it might have been avoidable.Army Infantry Mom14 months ago Sorry to hear your little guy has PTSD palmerlarryray, He will be fine with time I am sure,..He has a Great Dad that is very in tune with his needs. Ya, I am affraid we will only hear of more stories, where a Military person snaps. I heard a story a couple months back,.an interview with a widower of a Soldier. He and his wife called the hot lines and begged for an appointment. Due to red tape they had to wait. A month or so later, the lady from the hotline called their house in the morning and said,.I have good news, he can see your husband tommarrow. The wife replied,.it won't be nessesary, my husband shot himself in the head a couple of hours ago. It's a dam shame,..Never should anyone wait, when it comes to getting help with head issues. So that's why we here at home have to continue pushing for things to change,..so that hopefully the next one home,..gets his call answered anyday at anytime.fortunerep14 months ago Although I do not suffer from this problem, I know soldiers that have returned and they do.  I have a friend that was in the Gulf War.  To this day, you can't awaken him suddenly, no alarm clocks or shaking.  Just let him be. Being suddenly awaken brings back flashbacks and I know he can't help it but he is ugly when that happens.  He is rec. therapy and I hope and pray to one day have my very good friend back as he was before he gave up everything to fight for our country.  I hope all goes well with your son, patience, love, and more patience.hugsdoriArmy Infantry Mom14 months ago Hi dori,..My son came out of it pretty good concidering what they go through over there. Sudden noise's is a trigger for sure,..and understandably so. I read one story where a Soldier was walking through a parking lot with his little boy, a car back fired and he dove to the ground in between 2 cars with his son safely in his arms. I don't think they ever go back to the way they were so to speak,..and that's what makes us humans, not some robots that can have their disk drive cleaned so to speak. I think with just a lot of patience and understanding from loved ones is the medicine that will evenually help some of these guys and gals recover enough to live life more like they should. They made it back for a purpose,we need to encourage them to keep forging on and find that purpose.Life'sStudent12 months ago Army Infantry Mom,My husband (career soldier) suffers from PTSD. He has done 3 tours in the Iraq. ONLY 3, because he was able to get a new job within the Army during the last deployment.I have done a ton of research on this subject. Ironically in undergraduate school I began my research for a class-because I found the subject interesting. I never dreamed that in a few years PTSD would be part of my life.As Hope stated her soldier changed. I cannot even begin to describe how PTSD changed my husband, my marriage...my life! I understand why wives leave their soldiers. It is an extremely difficult road to go,alone.I have always been accused of being strong headed and not willing to lose, regardless. That is probably what saved my marriage. Trust me it would have been so easy to walk away. He was not the man that I loved. He was angry & mean. I could not stand being in the same room with the man I stood before family and God saying, "Until death do us part". During one of what had become his usual mean moments I screamed at him...you are my husband and I will not let you go. He looked at me with a blank on his face. It was as if he was not in there. I thought, now what do I do? The Army is not easily accepting that this is happening. He (a high-ranking soldier) was not accepting it, PTSD has a bad reputation. I was alone. Scared and so alone.I continued to educate myself on PTSD and how I was going to help him. Through it all I was alone. All alone. After all he wasn't admitting he had an issue. He insisted I was crazy...what was going on? I did not tell my family or friends. He already treated me so badly...I need others to help me forget how much my life had changed. Besides he was being emotionally abusive & I would have been the first person to say to get out of the relationship. The difference was I had been with this man for over 20 years and he was once a generous, loving, remarkable individual. I did nothing different. I was faithful, etc. What was the difference? I knew it had been the war. The situation came to a head when I asked him one more time to seek help. He had the same answer,"there is nothing wrong with me". I told him in a very calm voice I am sorry, I cannot do this, I am leaving. He grabbed me close and softly whispered, "don't leave me". I looked into his eyes and said,"Make an appointment with a counselor, now". He did. Things got much better, until his social worker quit on him. He still struggles, but has come a long way & so have I.I am taking what I went through and turning it into a way to help other military family members that feel they are alone. Those of us that live with the soldier's that have their wounds on the inside. Our soldiers deserve the help in keeping their families together.Sugar's Mom12 months ago My brother was in the vietnam war, and he still struggles with this. He had filed for his disability years ago and has just started getting payments about 6 months ago.bonnebartron8 months ago Thank you for this post. The part of PTSD that is the most devastating is the fact, I am just starting to grasp, IT NEVER GOES AWAY COMPLETELY. Sure, when first getting home it is more obvious to the casual by stander, jumping at the sound of a benign car backfire, driving down the middle of the street, panicking at a pile of garbage, grabbing for the M-4 no longer attached to the body..... But the worst part is looking back 6, 7, 8 months later and realizing that your heart still craves to be back in a HELL HOLE and knowing no one around you will ever really understand why. Feeling the hook tear at your heart when you see the name and rank of a fallen Soldier, even if he was never known to you and somehow blaming yourself for his death thousands of miles away, rationalizing the blame as if you had been there, perhaps he wouldn't have caught that shell. Our Soldiers are stronger than any Civilian, myself included, could ever know. Everyday they deal with a greater sense of loss and longing then describable, but they continue on in this world, this world full of seemingly calloused self-involved people, like they truly exist among them. My Father has been in every skirmish from Vietnam on, and the man is still 100 percent human. He is still a loving, happy, fully functional man, but there are times when I see him see something and a shadow crosses his grey eyes, and I know for that moment he is somewhere thousands of miles away, seeing something I will never understand. In that moment all I can do is put my head on his shoulder wrap by hand around his and anchor him so he can find his way back from where he goes. I hope this gives a little insight, if nothing else. Thank you again for this hub.Army Infantry Mom8 months ago Thank you bonnebartron for sharing your personal insight,..Speaking about wanting to be back in the hell hole, reminds me of what a soldier once told me,.."a good soldier, makes a bad civiallian." I'm starting to understand what he had ment by that now. The heart and edurance they have is remarkable,...I am so glad your Dad has you,... It's awesome how you stand by him and are so aware. Your comment sheds a lot of light and I am sure it will help others understand a little better. Please tell your DadI appreciate his service !!!bonnebartron7 months ago :) I will.cassm6 months ago My husband comitted suicuide last month.  We had been married 2 weeks short of 16 years and throughout he had suffered from PTSD/Guld war syndrome.  Although he was clearly different on his return form Gulf 1, his illness was progressive and I felt proud that we coped, we managed.  We were happy.  We did not.  Many of the comments above struck a cord; the rages, the paranoia, the denial, my fear.  I dearly loved my husband and miss him desparately but he would not let me in, he did; however, he depended on me and I know he loved me.  When he decided enough was enough I had left.  I needed some respite to work out what I wanted and what I needed.  I had told him I would come back if he got and accepted professional help.  He told me he couldn't, that no one could help.  He told me he loved me. He broke my heart. I know the forces are trying to work on helping those who suffer in this way but from experience I know that it is difficult to help and that many are living double lives in an attempt to exist.  I can oply advise that if you are in the same situation as I was you bite the bullet and talk to a professional councellor/Dr with experience.  If you do not you may end up losing the one person that means so much to you.  I wish you all all you wish yourselves for the future.Eugene Sung3 months ago I feel that a lot of times, soldiers with physical wounds are well taken care of by fellow Americans because we can see the pain they have been through. However, a lot of times it's hard with PTSD because it's not apparent right away. That's why I feel it is very important we raise awareness for PTSD. Hopefully there will be a successful PTSD awareness campaign as large scale as Lance Armstrong's Livestrong or Susan Komen's Breast Cancer Awareness.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesPTSD NewsResearch and Markets: Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) - Pipeline Review, Q4 2010Business Wire2 days agoDUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets (http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/5ca486/posttraumatic_str) has announced the addition of Global Markets Direct's new report "Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) - Pipeline Review, Q4 2010" to their offering. Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) Pipeline Review, Q4 2010, provides an overview of the Post ...3000 WTC Survivors Experience Long-term PTSDredOrbit23 hours agoNearly 10 years after the greatest human-made disaster in U.S. history-- the destruction of the World Trade Center (WTC) towers -- there has been little research documenting the attacks' consequences among those most directly affected -- the survivors who escaped the World Trade Center towers. In a study just released by Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health, in conjunction with ...PTSD Linked To Long Term Physical, Emotional And Cognitive SymptomsMedical News Today4 days agoAmerican soldiers with combat-related PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder) seem to have a significantly higher risk of having diminished concentration, poor memory, headaches, tinnitus and irritability, researchers from Minnesota reveal in an article published in Archives of General Psychiatry. They also found no link between concussion or mild traumatic brain injuries and long-term ...91Army Infantry Mom305 Followers51 HubsJoined 21 months agoRead more hubs by Army Infantry MomContact Army Infantry MomFollow Army Infantry MomSubscribe to Army Infantry Mom's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Army Infantry Mom a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat aspect of the Civil War in the USA intrigues you as a reader?asked by Wayne Brown 3 weeks ago14 answersAnswer this questionWhich Military Force Is Superior - The Army, Air Force, Navy, or The Marine?asked by ngureco 9 months ago9 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsHow To Become A Navy Sealby thooghunVA Disability Benefits: How to File a Disability Claimby drej2522A Generous Slice of Navy Life, One Sailor's Storyby PegCole17Welcoming Home The Troops At The Bangor Maine Airportby point2makeHow to deal with military deploymentby ChachafanceIs Project Blue beam the Grand Deception?by Bard of Ely U.S. Military ForumTopicRepliesUS Army: Atheists Unfit To Serveposted by Stacie L2366,000 Iraqi civilians killed by US Army - Wikileaksposted by Rishy Rich20GOP block of Don't Ask/Don't Tell Repeal -- Hypocriticalposted by Mighty Mom3Post a new topic6 more topics Tagshealth parents war military society treatments Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.394 sec)  working