Area 51. The Final Truth about it. Obama wont tell you this. Not Wikipedia.HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesSocial IssuesConspiracy TheoriesArea 51. The Final Truth about it. Obama wont tell you this. Not Wikipedia.Area 51. The Final Truth about it. Obama wont tell you this. Not Wikipedia.78rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy christopherantonArea 51. What secret is hidden there?The prisoner of Area 51.Barack Obama. He has a big secret.Quality gifts from Amazon.Amazon Top Seller Secrets: Insider Tips from Amazon's Most Successful SellersAmazon Price: $13.52List Price: $24.95Manga for the Beginner: Everything You Need to Start Drawing  Right Away!Amazon Price: $12.94List Price: $21.9510' SVGA Monitor Cable HDDB15 Male to Male dual Ferrites 10-FTAmazon Price: $4.99List Price: $19.95SoulAmazon Price: $5.98List Price: $18.98Scrapbook Factory Deluxe 4.0Amazon Price: $14.99List Price: $39.99Cole Haan Hand-Woven Patent Leather Kindle Cover with Hinge (Fits 6" Display, 2nd Generation Kindle), Ruby SugarAmazon Price: $69.99List Price: $119.99Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low PriceAmazon Price: $5.40List Price: $12.95Streamlight 73001 Nano Light Miniature Keychain LED Flashlight, BlackAmazon Price: Too low to displayList Price: $10.00Billy Jealousy Hydroplane Shave Cream, 8-Ounce BottleAmazon Price: $14.99List Price: $20.00Victorinox 47529 Fibrox 7-Inch Granton Edge Santoku KnifeAmazon Price: $24.81List Price: $45.80Quality items from Amazon.Don't Make Me Laugh Jr.Amazon Price: $19.99Make 'Em Laugh: The Funny Business Of AmericaAmazon Price: $19.03List Price: $34.95Don't Make Me LaughAmazon Price: $123.45List Price: $16.00Me Sophia HornyAmazon Price: $0.00Department 56 Snowbaby  Make Me LaughAmazon Price: $39.99List Price: $45.00You Make Me LaughAmazon Price: $0.99Anthrax Postcard-Original Vintage Postcard-Make Me Laugh-4x6Amazon Price: $4.95Make Me Laugh Make Me CryAmazon Price: $15.78List Price: $14.99You Make Me Laugh [VHS]Amazon Price: $39.99Happy Bunny - Thanks For Being Ugly It Makes Me Laugh - Bumper StickerAmazon Price: $3.95Enter a different world with Amazon.The Dance of the Comedians: The People, the President, and the Performance of Political Standup Comedy in AmericaAmazon Price: $28.59List Price: $34.95Lewis Black: Stark Raving BlackAmazon Price: $10.48List Price: $16.99The Divine Comedy by Dante, Illustrated, Paradise, Volume 3Amazon Price: $3.99<b>The Greatest Speeches of All-Time </b> Box SetAmazon Price: $26.99List Price: $29.99Welcome to the Party-Communist Leaders, Comedy Poster Print, 24 by 36-InchAmazon Price: $2.35List Price: $9.00Hush Dimbulbs Songs and Commercials (Political Comedy)Amazon Price: $8.99The Simpsons Political Party, Vol. 1 [VHS]Amazon Price: $3.95List Price: $5.99Doing Time: The Politics of Imprisonment (AK Press Audio)Amazon Price: $5.98List Price: $14.98Pedro Lacks Political Experience T-Shirt - Ladies SAmazon Price: $20.00The United State's biggest secret.A lot has been written in recent years about Area 51. This is the name given to a military base situated in the United States state of Nevada about 83 miles from the city of Las Vegas. Due to the culture of secrecy that surrounds the base, and because of the faiure of successive United States governments to allow journalistic access to the area a large amount of conspiracy theories have been based on what the secret of Area 51 is. These have ranged from the belief that the remains of alien spacecraft are being held there to the idea that it is being used for the development of new types of military technology too secret to be revealed to the general public.While many of these speculations have merit, the obsessive secrecy that surrounds the base undoubtedly encourage all types of suspicions, I can now reveal to you that they are all wrong. The real secret of Area 51 is something that none of you have ever considered. The real reason why the base is surrounded by security is to protect a secret so devastating that the revealing of it in all its horror would bring the edifice of United States governance crashing down, and the world would be faced with the sight of the features of the first black President of The United States turning crimson in acute embarrassment.As President of The Ancient Society of Secret Historians I am privy to all the worlds secrets, and indeed I have already revealed a few things about history that have been kept hidden from the generality of humanity. I have decided that the time is now come to reveal the unvarnished truth behind Area 51. If it causes the collapse of Wall Street or results in the impeachment of Barack Obama so be it. The truth must out and that is the most important thing. Revealing this secret will undoubtedly put me in grave danger, but I am relying on you, my readers to raise a hue and cry on my behalf should I disappear into the deabts of some CIA operated dungeon. Or, at the very least, could someone feed my cat.Anyway enough of this. The real secret of Area 51, and the true reason why it has been shrouded in mystery for so many years is that it is a very secure prison, and the prisoner held within it is The Cheshire Cat.This may come as a surprise to many of you, but when I reveal all that I know as a secret historian everything will be made clear.Most of you are familiar with the story of Alice in Wonderland. The account of how the little girl Alice fell down a rabbit hole, and the adventures that befell her then, and the accounts of all the wierd and funny characters that she encountered such as The Mad Hatter, The White Rabbit, the baby that turned into a pig, not to forget The King and Queen of Hearts, have enthralled generations ever since. The book ends with Alice waking up and concluding that the whole thing was just a dream. I can tell you that it was not.The author Lewis Caroll was the fifth President of The Ancient society of Secret Historians, and also a very talented regressive hypnotist. When the little girl, whose complete name was Alice Lidell, told him the story of the strange dream she had, he decided to put her into an hypnotic trance to test whether the story she told was a dream or not. The account that was revealed was somewhat different from the tale that eventually got published, and it was definitely no dream. Alice really did fall down a hole, but it was a rift in time and space, not a rabbit burrow. The creatures that she met there were members of an intergalactic troope of strolling players who were resting prior to a performance of "The Death of Zybiganiew" to be performed at the eighteenth Aldeberan drama festival. You may not have come across the play before. Dont worry if you have not seen it; it is just a typical melodrama with a predictable ending, when Zybiganiew,( A lovesick Grey) crashes his ship into a red dwarf star. It plays well in alien circles, but would never gets put on here. We cant afford the sets.The details of the story as written down, are essentially correct, and the characters are very much as described. "Theatricals" are the same in any era or dimension, so there is nothing to add there. Except for one particular individual that Alice met who stood out from the rest of them for the sheer bizarrness of his behaviour. This was the feline known as The Cheshire Cat. It is related in the story how he could vanish right down to his grin, and then even the grin could vanish. This really tickled Alice, and even Lewis Caroll could not offer a reasonable explanation for this unique talent. The cat, of course was a "Vanishing Shapeshifter". His younger brother was the "Pig Baby", although he had not perfected the vanishing part yet. These shapeshifters came from the Plaeides cluster. and had been with the theatrical company for many years. The cat could also travel in space and time.But, now that I have filled in some of the background, I am sure that you are dying to know how the connection with Area 51 came about. I am afraid we have to thank the late director of The FBI J Edgar Hoover for that.Mr Hoover was for many years the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. So powerful and well informed was he that he was rumoured to know many secrets that top politicians in the United States wanted kept hidden. But the great director had a secret of his own. He liked to dress up in womens clothes. This he did not want revealed to the american public at any price.One night, when he was posing in front of a full length mirror, in a full length ball gown, he got the feeling that he was being watched. He also heard behind him a little giggling. He whipt round and was confronted by an anomaly in the air of the room that was curiously reminiscent of a Feline Grin. Gradually this transformed itself until the surprised crossdresser found himself confronted by the site of a large stripy purple cat sitting on the top of his wardrobe laughing its head almost off. But J Edgar had not reached his lofty position without a certain ability to think on his feet,( or in this case on his stilletoes). He reached for a silk shawl that was on his bed and he straight away threw it over the impertinent cat. It is something known to very few that the only way to neutralise the powers of the Plaeides shapeshifters is to cover them with silk. Dont ask me how J Edgar Hoover knew that. He just did. I expect there are a lot of things the top echelons of the government machine know that are hidden from the rest of us. It helps them maintain their position I guess.Even though the cat was immobilised it was not silent. It just kept babbling on, and it turned out that this was not the first time that it had invaded the private quarters of "The Great and The Good". The secrets that The Cheshire Cat could reveal about the intimate moments of everyone from President Truman down would have brought the american government to its knees. He was kept locked in the wardrobe of The Director of The FBI until after an emergency meeting of The Inner National Security Cabinet that was called the following day to discuss the national emergency.He was , of course, kept from escaping by being wrapped tightly in the directorial shawl.The decision that was come to was to set aside an area in the state of Nevada for the continueing incarceration of The Cheshire Cat. There is a special room lined with ten inches of silk. There he resides to this day. He is fed with the finest of Delicatessan Cat Food, and he has been told that he will be released if he reveals the secret of his amazing powers. This he has so far refused to do. The secret is passed from one President to his successor. On retiring from office each President must take a pill that wipes the knowledge of the secret from their memory. Each of the gaurds is posted for only six months and they are all administered a memory wipe at the end of their tour of duty. The only person, outside of myself of course, who knows the truth for more than six months is Barack Obama. Have you ever noticed how he grins so much as to light up a room almost. This talent he has learned from Video Conferences that he frequently conducts with his alien prisoner.For more on the secret of Area 51 and more revelations about the adventures of The Cheshire Cat, his assistance to the United States Government, and his extraordinary relationship to Barack Obama readhttp://hubpages.com/hub/More-on-Area-51http://hubpages.com/hub/Who-really-is-Barack-Obamahttp://hubpages.com/hub/The-escape-of-Bin-LadenFor more information and special deals related to any of the issues on this page, place your cursor over the double-underlined links. All information supplied by Kontera.com. vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny (2)Awesome Beautiful Commentssomeonewhoknows7 months ago It,could very well be true! In fact when Obama smiles he does look like a cat.Then the cat in the hat may be based on the same character.If,nothing else it is an interesting story.I have heard about the former F.B.I.director being gay,so I'm not surprised to learn that he is a cross dresser as well.(B.T.W.)Come to think of it haven't previous presidents mention Chesire Cata in passing conversation without coming right out and making it known was he was refering too? I seem to recall president's Eisenhouer,Kennedy,both Bushes and Clinton mentioning that cat in passing conversation in public.Tell me if I'm wrong! Clinton looks a little like a cat.christopheranton7 months ago The Clintons had a cat while Bill was President. He was called Socks, but he was not a shapeshifter. The President was however. Mrs Thatcher had a cat in Ten Downing Street when she was Prime Minister. The cat was called Humphrey. He stayed in residence until Tony Blair was appointed to Office. Then Humphrey was seen no more. It was put about that he had been retired to the country. But I know that he was sent to Area 51 as a favour to the Clinton Administration. It was hoped that some feline company might persuade The Cheshire Cat to reveal the secrets of his powers. The attempt was unsuccessful.De Greek7 months ago And I of course. I used to feed the beast and I can confirm the truth of what you say :Dchristopheranton7 months ago I had heard that one of the guards had refused to take his memory erasing pill. That must have been you.N/A7 months ago This is quite confusing... As it makes absolutely no sense... My Good friend, I think you need to go to your nearest Asylum and stay there for a while... Your 'Truth' is ridiculous and makes no common or true sense at all.N/A7 months ago Even more so, if this truly was the 'truth', don't you think the Government would've arrested you in a CIA Lock-down by now...? Area 51 is one of the most secret facilities in the U.S., therefore, if word of it's containments got out, All those who would dare learn them would be 'killed legally' or arrested and put into CIA Lockdown.christopheranton7 months ago Hi N/A.Thanks for your input.But you should know that The President of The Ancient Society of Secret Historians fears no government. There is no limit to my knowledge of all their "Dirty Washing", and they are all aware of that salient fact.N/A7 months ago It just sounds ridiculous, I mean really... Memory Erasing Pills...? Since when have those existed? And once again, Fear or not of the Government, I'm quite sure there's a section of A51 specifically for searching Computer Contact, and they would have arrested you by now... It just sounds ridiculous.N/A7 months ago And, Officially by Wikipedia's standards, it would be impossible for 'Alice Liddell' as her true name is, to be interrogated... She died in 1930... She was real, yes, but her 'stories' were simply a book to raise money for her dying family. Go to this Address: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice_LiddellN/A7 months ago AND, on that very page, it says that the story originated from a man who simply wished to entertain Alice Liddell while rowing in a raft. It was no dream of anyone, it was simply a story made up from the mind of that man.N/A7 months ago And, Apologies to drag on for a 4th time, but I do not cover my name to protect identity, I only wish to be like any other anonymous person.christopheranton7 months ago Alice was not interrogated by anyone. She was just hypnotised by Lewis Caroll who disguised her story by publishing it as the account of a dream. The Cheshire Cat Would never have ended in Area 51 but for his addiction to spying on the private lives of the "great and the good". You might have heard other accounts, but I can assure you that they are all part of the cover up.Even Wikipedia can be falsified.Steven Dobrovolskis6 months ago Contact me - and I will tell you even more fascinating truths about reality then this.   That is should you have the guts to.   I will be awaiting anyone's response.christopheranton6 months ago Hi Steven. Why dont you publish a hub if you have some important info for people.N/A6 months ago Even more so, have you any real, physical proof of all this transparency?christopheranton6 months ago Our records of most things go back centuries, but I cannot link to sources as they are all classified.But in the case of "The Cheshire Cat" I have it from "The Horse's Mouth. In this case literally so as "The Famous Mr Ed" was also an inmate of Area 51, but he pretended that he really couldnt talk, and so he was released. I met him at the 1975 Kentucky Derby and he dictated his story to me.Nell Rose6 months ago Hi, ha ha ha ha ha! I am not sure what is funnier, your very large tongue in cheek story, or the lack of humour from the above comments! some people just don't get it do they? hee hee love it. cheers nellchristopheranton6 months ago Thank you Nell for your comments. I did detect a slight skepticism as to the veracity of my account, but I can assure you that it is all the absolute truth. I had it from "The Horses Mouth" literally; and I am sure that you would not doubt the word of that Great American Television Icon " Mr Ed.Hi-Jinks6 months ago What if the great secret was bigger than you think?The secret is not about Area 51, but about our near neighbors.christopheranton6 months ago Hi-Jinks. Thanks for your comment, but I have to ask.What near neighbours?Hi-Jinks6 months ago Carl Sagan mentioned that life could be on two nearby worlds, Mars and Titan. The question is, are we told the truth about these places? Also these are night time pictures of Mars.Lamme6 months ago LOL, great read to start my day!  Thanks for clearing up so much misinformation  ;)christopheranton6 months ago Hi-Jinks thanks for the additional information, but I think you are not really getting the point of my article.christopheranton6 months ago Hi Lamme. I am pleased that you found my efforts to be of use to you. Thanks for the comments.Hi-Jinks6 months ago See my Hub:http://hubpages.com/hub/Introducing-Your-Main-CharThis makes for great speculation and What if we were told the lie for that past 100 years.christopheranton6 months ago Not speculation. Truth. But it has only being happening since the early 1950's. Perhaps you are talking about your speculations about Mars and Titan?Hi-Jinks6 months ago The fear was planted with the publishing of War of the Worlds.christopheranton6 months ago Hi-Jinks.What you say is very interesting, but it does not effect the real truth of the matter, which is that Area51 was set up as a containment area for The Cheshire Cat, who is still incarcerated there. This fact was testified to, under oath, by Mr Ed, (the talking horse)who was also detained there in the late nineteen sixties.Marshall Hammond6 months ago If what you say is true, and I can't think of any reason to doubt your veracity, there are doubtlessly deep and far reaching implications for human kind. The existence of the Cheshire Cat is anathema to what the majority of "experts" profess to know about the workings of the physical universe. The "Chesire Cat" destroys the current scientific paradigm. While I find the imprisonment of Mr. Ed tragic, I do not find it in the least bit surprising. Paradigm shattering information is almost uniformally met with state sanctioned resistance. As you stated, the existence of the state depends on the acceptance of the false paradigm. But once you accept the truth about the Cheshire Cat and Area 51, the whole deck of cards comes tumbling down.Have you heard anything about the The Cheshire Cat Disclosure Project (TCCDP)? I hear they're trying to lobby congress to open an official investigation.Anyways, keep up the good work. The truth shall set us free! Free The Chesire Cat and all other Political Prisoners!Oh yeah, and that stuff about Barrack Obama is totally obvious to me now, I don't know how I didn't see it before.christopheranton6 months ago Thank you for your very educated ,and welcome, comment Marshal;  but be really careful if approached by The Cheshire Cat Disclosure Project. They are a secret C I A department set up to infiltrate and neutralise people or organisations that show too much interest in the current whereabouts of "the grinning feline". They are rumoured to be behind the demise of the late Mr Ed. At all events bugging equipment was found in his stable after his death. One minute he was on the phone to CNN, and the next minute he was dead. The exact content of the conversation he was having was never disclosed.yogendrachaturvedi5 months ago this is very usefull to join.christopheranton5 months ago Thankyou for your comment yogendrachaturvedi, but I am not sure what you mean.nikitha p3 months ago Very informative hub, I liked it.christopheranton3 months ago Thanks for the comment nikatha p. I,m glad my efforts please you.American Romance2 months ago I live in the nearby state and this would explain the large orders of cat food that get picked up in the middle of the night by military personel and paid with crisp new bills!christopheranton2 months ago American Romance. From the seasoned observer, like you, nothing can be hidden.frogyfish2 weeks ago Much hidden, much to be revealed, I guess.You are either crazily funny or funnily crazy?  Guess again, it takes one to know one.You are unique!christopheranton2 weeks ago frogyfish. Thanks for reading. I'm not really sure which one of those I am myself.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesThe Darwin Club. RSS Feeds for Fans.Darwin Fans, Theory of Evolution Club, Free Thinkers Unite!These tags may be subject to change when the voting closes on January 2nd, 2011 (or maybe another date)    FTRUS - Free Thinkers - includes non-Darwin type hubs   AARUS - Agnostic/Athiest R us - For Darwin... - 13 days agoWhere does our energy, soul, spirit, essence, conscience, life force, personality, spiritual being, etc. GO when we die?Looking at the Universe by L. - 6 weeks agoAtheists are not Satanists and other myths of ChristianityI was raised in a multi-religious and secular family. - 2 months ago91christopherantonFrom London. United Kingdom90 Followers68 HubsJoined 10 months agoRead more hubs by christopherantonContact christopherantonFollow christopherantonSubscribe to christopheranton's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk christopheranton a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsI America a "Christian Nation"? What does that term even mean?asked by japtaker 3 days ago12 answersAnswer this questionHow has Obama hurt and help America?asked by AshleyNikole 21 months ago12 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThe Majestic12 Conspiracyby jondavObama, Mid-Term Elections, and Raceby Freeway FlyerHippies Todayby David StoneWho really is Barack Obama? Not Wikipediaby christopherantonHow Did Barack Obama Become President of the United Statesby lindagoffiganGeorge Washington - The Right Man for the Right Momentby paradisehunter Conspiracy Theories ForumTopicRepliesJFK Assassinationposted by Rick Marlow94Jessee Venturas Conspiracy Theory; scary conjecture or truth?posted by Stacie L1Share your conspiracy theories, what do you believe?posted by kirstenblog53Post a new topic45 more topics Tagsunited states barack obama president nevada wikipedia fbi Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.818 sec)  working