How To Manage Time - Time Management TipsHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceHome Schooling and Life Experience EducationSelf-Education Advice and TipsHow To Manage Time - Time Management TipsHow To Manage Time - Time Management Tips86rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy englightenedsoulA successful person always knows how to manage time, he is a master at time management. We only have 24 hours a day in hand and at the end of the day we are always 6-7 hours behind.  This is a typical 'Time Tale' of everyone who is trying to juggle work, studies, extra-curricular activities and other endeavors.  So, Is it really possible to pull off all the activities effectively and spare some time for the things we enjoy.  Yes, of course, It is possible.  It requires careful planning and efficient handling of time and you would be able to get through and that too with a smile on your face. You will be a master in time management training.  So here are some basic principles of time management training unveiled and explained: 10 Gems To Time ManagementSet Goals And Stay Focused:Firstly, there is no definite way to manage your time.  However, setting goals and staying focused on your dreams would help you a lot.  To start with, set short term and long term goals according to your dreams and set up realistic schedules and deadlines.  Setting a goal deadline for your goal is very important as it will help you to focus and will not make your target seem too far.  Adjust your lifestyle to work towards these goals.Prioritize Your Actions:One should not set horizontal priority list if one wish to see good results in a set amount of time.  So, prepare your priority list in tune with your goals, keeping the urgent and important things on top followed by other important and not so important things.For example, for a college student like me, study is my top priority.  So I devote 45% of my time towards studies, 25% of time for online venture and 30% for  recreational and other activities.  Devote your time judiciously.Know Yourself And The Environment Around You:It may sound confusing but to get the maximum out of a day, you must understand yourself well.  Realize what are your high and low energy periods during the day and also your concentration level.  Figure out when you work your best and use this time for your most important activity.  It will increase your output drastically.Multitasking:Effective multitasking will save you a lot of time and will also prevent you from overworking.  For example, If you spend a lot of time travelling from your college and home, use this time to read a new chapter or revise what was just taught in class.  Have dinner/lunch with your family and friends, listen to music while having bath etc. so that you get your fill of entertainment without any extra time spent on these things.Focus On Results, Not On Being Busy:Many people do this mistake. Like here at hubpages, It is of no use If you keep writing hubs after hubs.  To see the results, It is important to write quality, content rich and SEO friendly hubs.  So focus your efforts towards results and don't waste your energy keeping yourself busy on unimportant things.Explore Life Beyond Work:The best way to manage your time is sometimes not to manage it at all.  Keep someday reserved to free yourself from all your daily and monotonous activities and enjoy life to the fullest.  It will recharge your brain and you would be all charged up for the following days.Don't Cut Back On Sleep:This is one of the biggest mistake people do to manage their time deficit.  It is bad time management strategy simply because time bought in exchange of sleep is low productivity time and It continues to affect your productivity next day too.  Also, If you continuously cut back on sleep, then you may even fall sick and waste your precious days.Keep A Dedicated Time For Day Dreaming:It is a fact, we all day dream but day dreaming during some important work will send the entire plan into tizzy.  One should consciously refrain oneself from day dreaming during their peak activity.  Keep a dedicated time for day dreaming.  For example while having  bath, walking etc.Learn To Delegate Your Work:This step can prove to be very useful in managing one's time.  One must realize that one cannot do everything alone and should learn to delegate work effectively.  But one should do it judiciously and with caution.Do Not Procrastinate:Many people are believer of the quote, "Never do today what you can put off till tommorow.  Better yet, never put off till tommorow what you can avoid altogether"!  They are always behind their target.  Then they get stressed and depressed.  Always remember you can't reverse time.  So it is essential to use it judiciously to do all that you want._________________________________________________________________Time Management Tips and Skills - How to Manage Your Time and Get Your Life BackAmazon Price: $8.99How to Get Control of Your Time and Your Life (Signet)Amazon Price: $3.18List Price: $6.99_________________________________________________________________Recent Pages Of EnglightenedsoulFinancial Advice For WomenThough women are generally good in handling finances, they still need some professional financial advice.  Infact, studies show that though women tend to save a slightly higher percentage of their paychecks... - 5 days agoFinancial Advice For SeniorsLooking for financial advice for seniors?  Financial planning is very essential, it makes life more comfortable and easy.  But financial advice for seniors would differ from financial advice for young adults. ... - 5 days agovote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny (1)Awesome (1)Beautiful How to be an Internet entrepreneurEffective Ways To Manage Time Commentshypnodude10 months ago Definitely a lot of good advices, especially in this period with tens of hubs appearing every hour for the contest and the hubmob. Maybe this one will help me read some more and go on with writing mines. :) Thumbs up twice and bookmarked! :)englightenedsoul10 months ago You are such a nice soul hypnodude.  You are the first one to comment and I am sure you are an avid reader.  Good to have people like you on hubpages.  And Thanks for the thumbs up and I am so glad that it helped you.  And looking forward to read your excellent hubs.Madison2210 months ago Great tips englightenedsoul! I especially agree with number 7, sleep is imperative for productivity and I've recently have come to practice number 5 more often, it certainly make a difference. Thank you for a very good hub:)englightenedsoul10 months ago Thank you Madison22 for the comments.  I also believe that a good sleep is imperative for good productivity and recently I am also agreeing to the fact that we need to focus on results and not on being busy especially here at hubpages!!!  Thanks for stopping by!!Sage Williams10 months ago One of my all time favorites, trying to cram everything into twenty four hours.  It just doesn't compute for me.  There once was a time where I had no problem managing it all, today however it is far different.Looking at some of your helpful tips and suggestions make perfect sense.  I will definitely give them a try.  Sometimes, it just takes a gentle reminder that can put us back on the right course.  This is exactly what your hub is.  Great Job!Many thanks,Sageenglightenedsoul10 months ago Thank you Sage Williams for stopping by!!  I am glad that my hub was the gentle reminder that you needed and I am sure you would get you life on the right course.  My wishes with you and thank you once again!!C.V.Rajan10 months ago A good guidance for a time-waster like me who is pre-programmed to ignore such good advice!englightenedsoul10 months ago Thanks for stopping by C.V.Rajan and I am also pre-programmed just like you but seriously trying to follow my own advice!! ;)Ladybird3310 months ago I had to bookmark this one, thanks for the awesome tips!I wanted to thank you also for letting me know about my hub being stolen...very nice of you.  I posted it in the forum for others (because I saw other hubs in there from other writers).  Anyway, would have never known if you didn't tell me.  Thank you again.englightenedsoul10 months ago Ladybird thank you so much for your kind comments.  And I am glad that I could be of help to you and nice of you that you posted it in the forums.  It would really help other authors.cupul10 months ago wow, great hub fren, nice to meet you!englightenedsoul10 months ago Thanks for stopping by cupul.  Glad to meet you too!!Teresa Laurente10 months ago Love reading this. Thanks for sharing.englightenedsoul10 months ago Thanks for stopping by Teresa!!skyfire10 months ago 7 & 10 beats me, seriously :DKeep writing :)englightenedsoul10 months ago Skyfire thanks for the comments.  I am happy that you had the time to read and comment on my hubs.  And 7 and 10 beats me as well, though I would also like to include 1.Richard Armen10 months ago This is a great list.  I struggle to stay focused and I am always looking to improve my efficiency.englightenedsoul10 months ago Thanks for stopping by and taking time to comment.  I am glad that you liked it and I also always strive to improve my efficiency and share the ways with others.Betty Reid10 months ago Great advice!  I would say "set goals and stay focused" but really they all go together.englightenedsoul10 months ago Thanks for stopping by Betty.  I am glad that you liked it!!!calicoaster10 months ago Hey Amazing post enlightenedsoul. Thanks for sharing.They are quite helpful for people like me, who are into managing so many tasks at the same time. Thanks again!englightenedsoul10 months ago Thanks for the kind comments calicoaster.  I am happy that I could be of some help.couponalbum10 months ago I really liked your tips englightenedsoul.Most attention grabbing point was 6th as we all forget to save some time for ourselves in our busy schedule. From your hub, i can make out that 'proper management' is the key to a perfect life. Great hub.I have joined your hub and would like to invite you to join mine and stay in touch.englightenedsoul10 months ago Thanks for stopping by couponalbum and you are right that with proper management one can actually do all that he wants to do in life.  And I am off to reading your hubs.Kamila K.10 months ago Thank you, very useful, valuable tips:)englightenedsoul10 months ago Thanks for stopping by Kamila.  I am glad that you found them to be useful.lovelypaper10 months ago Great advice. I'm a big multi-tasker.englightenedsoul10 months ago Thanks for the kind comments lovelypaper!!f47h4d10 months ago Never do today what you can put off till tommorow. Better yet, never put off till tommorow what you can avoid altogether... :D best saying i've herd! thanks alot for that! your a star! :Dcashmere10 months ago I liked number 8. dedicated time for day dreaming! I think I need to feature that in my day too!englightenedsoul10 months ago @f47h4dI was also amused when I heard for the first time and before I wrote this hub "Effective Ways To Manage Time", I was a religious follower of that saying.  And I am glad that you liked my hub and your a star too!!!englightenedsoul10 months ago @CashmereI have also now decided to follow rule number 8 as it almost eats up my day. I am a big day dreamer.  And thank you so much for stopping by cashmere!!atif10 months ago thats wonderfull articles i just see for a while and stop on it and bookmark this page,once again thanks for writing such nice articlemanijee10 months ago hmmm ....you have got good words .,,,sure i 'll follow some :penglightenedsoul10 months ago @atifThank you for such kind comment.  I am glad that found it useful.englightenedsoul10 months ago @manijeeThanks for stopping by!!lender321200010 months ago Great advice! Now if I can just stay disciplined enough to follow it, I'll be in good shape.englightenedsoul10 months ago Thanks for stopping by lender3212000!!  If I can also religiously follow my own advice on time management, I will have time to do whatever I want!!!glassvisage10 months ago I think you hit the nail on the head when you mentioned you have to know yourself. Sometimes I find myself trying to stuff in activities that I really don't want to do but just feel obligated to, and I feel like it's wrong. Thanks for the tips!englightenedsoul10 months ago Thank you so much glassvisage for taking the time to read and comment on my hub.  And you have actually highlighted a very important point, if one knows his self throughly then he won't do activities that he doesn't enjoy and that would reduce the time and give enhanced output quality.  And I am sure you do things that you enjoy, as I can clearly make out from your hubs.  They are excellent.  Thanks again for stopping by!!betherann10 months ago Tip #5 really got me, because I am guilty of this.  I need to slow down to make sure that what I do is quality, not simply a time-filler.  Thanks for the reminder!englightenedsoul10 months ago Well, I was also guilty of the same thing.And being busy is such a time eater..But now I make a conscious effort that I focus on results!!  And Thanks for stopping by betherann.askjanbrass10 months ago Sometimes I feel like I'm helpless when it comes to managing my time! Thanks for the suggestions...I think that my procrastination problem is what I have to tackle first. Wish me luck!englightenedsoul9 months ago I can understand what you say.  Was a big problem for me too, was worse at managing time 'til I found these "effective ways to manage time".  And all my wishes with you and I am sure you would do exceptionally well.  Thanks for stopping by!!brtaiwo9 months ago You are indeed an enlightenf soul. What a great post?englightenedsoul9 months ago Thanks for stopping by brtaiwo!!Dale Mazurek9 months ago What an important hub.  I really dont think most people understand just how important their time is.Anyways your hub is now listed on my blog.CheersDaleenglightenedsoul9 months ago Thank you so much Dale.  I am really honored.  Thank you for stopping by!!barryrutherford9 months ago Love it well done !englightenedsoul9 months ago Thank you so much for stopping by!!A.C. Sylvester9 months ago I'm reading this at 2:20 in the morning with a report due at 11:20am.... That's not a good sign :Denglightenedsoul9 months ago I think you should sleep Sylvester.  I hope this hub would help you in amanging time.  Wish you luck for the report!!Lorneth9 months ago I enjoyed reading your post. I especially liked that you touched on Focusing On Results, Not On Being Busy. I have spent too many years staying busy over focusing on results.Great post!englightenedsoul9 months ago Thank you so much for the kind words.  You're right many people do this mistake of staying being busy rather than concentrating on results.  I was also one of them but now I try to focus on results.Thank you for stopping by!!licot9 months ago wow...what a hub. for me if i can buy the time...good for everyone. that is why most people say... time is precious, spend it wisely... great hub, tips and ideas ... thanks bro...englightenedsoul9 months ago Thank you so much licot for stopping by and also for your kind words and compliments.  I am glad that you liked this hub and you are right time is really precious!!KenWu9 months ago Thanks for these great ten tips. Yeap, I've been guilty on cutting on sleep. It definitely affected the productivity as I felt tired all day long!englightenedsoul9 months ago Thank you so much for stopping by KenWu.  I am glad you find this hub useful and yea, we all learn from our mistakes!!brandyBachmann9 months ago thanks for the tips I sure hope I can apply this :)englightenedsoul9 months ago You're welcome.  And I am sure you would apply it very well.  My best wishes with you for this.danie535959 months ago To be social is very positive aspect in this age of materialism. Life is moving very fast and embedded with full luxuries. In this fast life dedicated hosting is too facilitating for your comfort and minimizing all tensions.englightenedsoul9 months ago Thanks for stopping by Danie!!Benzaiten9 months ago I am (unfortunately) guilty of #10. It's very difficult to break the cycle of procrastination.#2 is definitely something I'm working on. I'm constantly making to-do lists packed full of so many things that it's difficult to focus on that ones that are most important.Thanks for the great article!clemz9 months ago good value for knowledge. worth reading and well outlinedenglightenedsoul9 months ago @BenzaitenI am also guilty of procrastination but though with conscious efforts, it is now minimized and prioritizing your actions is very effective for time management.  I am sure with some practice you would do well.Thanks for the kind words!!englightenedsoul9 months ago @ClemzThank you so much for stopping by and leaving me such a nice comment!!midnightbliss9 months ago nice tips.. i once read that people who are always feeling busy are just and think that time is isn't just enough are those people who are just afraid to realize that they have not accomplished things and that they have just wasted their time. no matter how busy we are, its always good to find time to chill out.englightenedsoul9 months ago Thanks for the kind words midnightbliss and I think with conscious efforts we can manage everthing in 24 hours. Also many people are so focused on being busy that they forget to achieve their result!!Thanks for stopping by!!Dobson8 months ago Wow, now I have another hubber to follow and read. I am getting overwhlemed by the quality content you guys are providing here. It is a struggle to find time wo write and read.This is exactly what I need to help me deal with the increasing time constraints of the spring. Thanks for your expertise.englightenedsoul8 months ago You have really made my day with your kind comments.  There are really a lot of talented and quality hubbers and you are definitely one of them.  I am glad that you find this hub helpful.  Thank you for stopping by!!!Kind Regards7 months ago englightenedsoul, Very well-written and a fun hub to read.  No. 3 is so true.  Know your high and low periods.  No. 7 is interesting to think about.  I'm a night owl, so I sleep during the day.  I'm usually up from 4-6 pm to 7-10 am, although I have a day or two a week when I'll go to sleep around 2 pm and sleep til 6 pm; five 10-hour periods of sleep with two 4-hour periods seems to do the trick.  I rarely get sick.  No. 8 is very cool.  I tend to do my day dreaming when I've laid down to fall asleep.  That way it's not taking away time from other precious activities and I tend to wake up with good ideas I gleaned while day dreaming.  Kind Regardsriminiurlauber7 months ago Valuable! Thanks!Spacey Gracey7 months ago this is great and worthy of your high Google ranking.englightenedsoul7 months ago Thank you so much Spacey!!!Sally67676 months ago SUPER HELPFUL!!englightenedsoul6 months ago Thanks for stopping by Sally!!TroyM3 months ago GOod tips! One of the hardest, that I'm not sure where it fits, is managing chaos - -people issues, tech issues, trouble spots, etc. Learning "how" best to manage is priority.Karanda3 months ago This is a good list for time management. I particularly like the delegating one, is seems to be difficult for some to let go of the responsibility of doing a job themselves, but if you delegate everybody improves and best of all the job gets done. Great hub!Johnny Parker3 months ago Loads of good stuff there, enjoyed it.Johnnybarryrutherford4 days ago Need to start organising my time better again suprising how you can easily get out of whack !Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesManage Time - Time Management Tips in the NewsRiding on Insulin teaches kids to manage diabetesWXOW 19 La Crosse14 hours agoPORTAGE, Wisconsin (WKOW) - Riding on Insulin is a program to help kids with diabetes learn how to manage their disease and still play sports.English confident voters understand economyThe New Zealand Herald1 second agoThere are two things Finance Minister Bill English dreads most happening this year.One is discovering that China has a credit and property bubble. The other fear is of a European banking meltdown."That is where we source a...Lupica: Tucson girl's grandpa devastated by deathNew York Daily News35 minutes agoHe is a big man with a voice to match, a voice you could always hear all over the ballpark, when Dallas Green was managing the Phillies to the World Series in 1980, later when he became one of the few men to manage both the Yankees and the Mets.Successful Time Management For DummiesAmazon Price: $6.99List Price: $19.99Time Management for Dummies, Second EditionAmazon Price: $14.79List Price: $21.99Time Management from the Inside Out, Second Edition: The Foolproof System for Taking Control of Your Schedule -- and Your LifeAmazon Price: $6.54List Price: $16.00Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free ProductivityAmazon Price: $6.99List Price: $16.00Photo CreditThe Millionaire Secrets87englightenedsoul438 Followers151 HubsJoined 13 months agoRead more hubs by englightenedsoulContact englightenedsoulFollow englightenedsoulSubscribe to englightenedsoul's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk englightenedsoul a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWould you tell me what your biggest time management problems areasked by Lorraine Arams 13 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionDo you have financial management training for logistic service?asked by thetnaingsoe 9 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsNetiquette: Tips For The Socially Challengedby Isabella SnowUseful MS Word Shortcut Keysby Shil1978Cleaning And Getting Rid Of The Urine Smellby Faith WalkingStress Management Trainingby babelcManagement Tutorial / Quality management trainingby lalitkhungarEmployee Time Management Tips For The Workplaceby adrienne2 Self-Education Advice and Tips ForumTopicRepliesVOCAL TECHNIQUE VIIposted by missycynty0How to memorize anything within a short periodposted by Narain.K.D.20Top 20 IELTS Writing Topicsposted by julia03450Post a new topic1 more topic Tagstime management time management time management tips manage time time management training Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.32 sec)  working