DVT Deep Vein Thrombosis, What Does It Feel and Look LikeHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHealthPersonal Health Information and Self-HelpHealth Self-HelpDVT Deep Vein Thrombosis, What Does It Feel and Look LikeDVT Deep Vein Thrombosis, What Does It Feel and Look Like89rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Lady GuinevereFor an In-depth DiscriptionNational Heart, Lung and Blood InstituteWhat They Are And Who Gets Them.I never expected to ever have a Blood Clot, let alone one tht would or could kill me in a few hours time. I had heard that seniors get the blood clots, but I was only 37years old. I didn't know anything about them only that they were deadly if untreated. Now they tell you that it is only from sitting in airplanes that are the cause of them and lack of circulation. I can tell you that is not the only case. I got my from a fall. It didn't show up until 3 months later. I had no idea there was a time bomb ready to go at any moment in my veins from that bad fall.A Deep Vein Thrombosis (Blood Clot) was deadly if left untreated. For some reason the blood thickens, mostly in the lower part of the body and will form a clot in a vein deep in your body. Mine was just under the knee cap on my left leg. If that clot dislodges it can go to the brain or the heart and it will cause death.What It Looks Like and What It Feels LikeOn the side is a picture of what it looks like after a few hours. These are not my legs. I had my DVT in my left leg. It doesnt' take long for it to get this size. It is very painful because the oxygen is not getting to the extremity--your foot. It feels like someone is twisting your foot around to the back of your leg and it doesn't let up. You also experience muscle cramps in this area. It is very painful. Your skin feels like it is going to split open. My Support Stockings 100 Q&A About Deep Vein Thrombosis and Pulmonary Embolism (100 Questions & Answers about . . .)Amazon Price: $9.81List Price: $19.95Your Guide To Deep Vein ThrombosisAmazon Price: $2.99Understanding DVT - Deep Vein ThrombosisAmazon Price: $9.99Understanding DVT - Deep Vein Thrombosis (Home Use)Amazon Price: $24.95Gabrialla Graduated Compression Knee Highs, Sheer Black XL (18-20 mmHg)Amazon Price: $14.99List Price: $15.20Deep Vein Thrombosis Anatomical Chart UnmountedAmazon Price: $6.99Aircast VenaFlow Thigh Cuffs For Deep Vein Thrombosis, EachAmazon Price: $9.99Deep Vein Thrombosis Photomic Photographic Poster Print, 12x16Amazon Price: $29.992XU Men's Elite Graduated Perfomance Compression Tights, Black/Steel, Large/TallAmazon Price: $128.08List Price: $140.00Deep vein Thrombosis 20 x 26 in. - Paper versionAmazon Price: $14.05List Price: $15.00eBay business for sale, WORK AT HOME Business Current Bid: $11.97 HOW TO SELL ON EBAY MAKE MONEY WORK AT HOME SUCCESS KIT Current Bid: $9.77 MAKE MONEY WORK FROM AT HOME BASED BUSINESS IN PAJAMAS Current Bid: $9.99 How To Write An eBook Work At Home From Money Business  Current Bid: $1.49 HOME BASED BUSINESS WEBSITE MAKE MONEY WORK AT HOME  Current Bid: $1.99 My StoryI had the one DVT. Not knowing that was what it was because I was on Prednisone for some other ailment, they thought that it was the medication. They tried to slowly get me off it in a hurry. I think my doctor had his suspicions when I called him and told him that I had to hold on to a broom handle and pull myself across the floor to get to the phone. My leg was that heavy and that big. After fifteen minutes of calling me and hanging up. I did as he told me to do--wait by the phone. Well he called back and told me that I had to get the the ER ASAP! I couldn't wait for anything. Once I got to the ER, I was immediately taken in and put in an ER room to wait for a hospital room to open up. They measured my leg and it was 37 cm. which was much bigger then my right leg. The put an IV in me right away and took me to the Ultra Sound Room. I was rolled back out the the same room I came out of. My daughters were around me as we waited on the Doctor to come and see me. It was before my parents had arrived that he told me that I had a Blood Clot and would have to stay in the hospital for 9 days. They found that I also had phlebitis in my right leg as well as the DVT in my left leg.I said that was an old people's disease. He said that it really wasn't and a boy died there a short time ago with a heart attach and he was only in his 20's.He explained to me that if I moved that the blood clot could break off or dislodge and it could go to my brain or my heart and I would die. It is certainly nothing to be nonchalant about. I finally got a room upstairs and they rolled me up and put me in the bed. I had my feet elevated up past my head. I was not to move at all. Slowly the Heparin Lock went into my veins. Heparin is a drug that stabilizes a blood clot and shrinks it. I have had three different diagnoses with the healing of those. One is that the clot just dries up and goes away. The other one is that it is just pushed up against the vein wall and stays there--but it is much smaller. The last one is that it dissolves completely. I can tell you that it does neither! My leg will still swell in the heat. It will still swell if I sit or stand too long. It took me a very long time, like years, before I could stand for more than 2 hours without my leg swelling. It is very scary! It took me 5 years to get to stand even for the 2 hours.When I told them that I couldn't stay still for longer than a couple of hours they went ahead and gave me Demoralf or the pain and to get me to relax and sleep so that I wouldn't move. That was great and I slept for 3 days! Then they mixed the Demoral with Valium when I awoke. I had never had Valium before and I was very scared. When the nurse came back in he said that I was holding onto the handrails of the bed like I was holding on to life! He asked me if I had ever taken Valium before and I said no. I told him that I felt like I was floating over the bed about 3 inches and if I moved, I would fall off the bed. They took me off of the Valium right away!With all this happening and the prognosis and what they had told me I was confident that this would just be a bump in the road. This was not the case.Your body is a wonderful hard working thing. It can guard against any illness you may have and all kinds of things. It is amazing to say the least! If you don't use parts they will atrophy--which means they stop working. It's like the saying, "If you don't use it, you lose it". I found that out the hard way. First let me tell you about the first time I was to go to the bathroom on my own without a catheter in. I thought everything was fine and that the Heperin Block and me being on Coumadin, a blood thinner, Everything would go back to normal. My leg was not swollen anymore and I was able to move around in the bed.When the nurse came in she had me get to the side of the bed. I was fine then. Ohhh the pain when I put my left leg off the bed. Well it wasn't that fast. I was fine. When I got it to the floor was when I exclaimed in a loud voice, "Oh My God". She immediately called for a wheel chair. It was as if nothing had gotten better. It was just as painful as when I first came into the ER 8 days ago! I did manage to get to use the bathroom. That was good. Sephora: The Ultimate Guide to Makeup, Skin, and Hair from the Beauty AuthorityAmazon Price: $15.00List Price: $27.95Beauty: A Retelling of the Story of Beauty and the BeastAmazon Price: $3.62List Price: $6.99Making FacesAmazon Price: $11.92List Price: $21.99Beauty by Calvin Klein for Women Eau De Parfum Spray 3.4 oz - TESTERAmazon Price: $55.99BeautyAmazon Price: $10.75List Price: $19.95Calvin Klein Beauty Eau de Parfum, 1.0 oz. 0Amazon Price: $70.60Swisa Beauty,  Dead Sea Facial Peel, 1.01-OunceAmazon Price: $13.75List Price: $32.38Beauty: The Invisible EmbraceAmazon Price: $7.48List Price: $13.99Getting home was rough. I was on pain meds and had orders to get a certain kind of stocking and get measured for it. I was also to get crutches. So my daughter took me home and went out and got all the things that I needed. I wore those support stocking all the time except after taking a shower. I didn't dare take a bath for fear of not being able to get back out of it. I was also to go back every two weeks and get a blood test so they could check on how thin my blood was. They had to have it the right consistency. If it got too thin I could bleed out. Meaning I could bleed to death and that wasn't good.Now back to the leg and atrophy. Yes, my leg atrophied! I never thought for once that laying in bed for 9 days would make it so that I had to learn how to walk again. I mean I knew how to take one step in front of the other, but I had to get my leg to obey my command from my brain. That took a few months. It took 3 months-------------------3 months!! I wasn't prepared for that.Six months later I was allowed to go back to work. So I did. A few weeks later------------boom---------I had another blood clot! Same thing and same procedure and same hospital stay and crutches all over again. I did everything they told me to do and wear! There I was back out of work for another 3 months.I was finally released from the meds and was told that I could go anywhere that i wanted and so my daughter's and I finally went on a vacation. It was going to be a 16 hour trip in the car, but as long as I wore the stockings and exercised my legs in the car, I was told that I would be fine. We had fun there for a few days and then my leg started hurting again and I saw the red lines go up my leg and I was taken to the ER there. I had another DVT. So in my experience those blood clots do NOT go away! I have taken the responsibility on myself to take care of that and to watch for the signs and symptoms. I have had a few false diagnoses though, but would have rather done that then have a real DVT again. Eventually I took myself off of the Coumadin. This isn't for everyone. I put my faith in God that he would take care of that and I never have to be on that again. I did this for a reason. When I got back from Vacation and went back to work the doctor had my blood too thin and I was bleeding internally. How does that feel------very painful. I had a stomach ache that made me double over several times in like an hour. It was so bad and I lost so much blood that I was put in the hospital on my birthday to get not one unit of blood like most people...but 2 units.I watch myself now. I take care of what I do and when my leg swells from sitting at this computer for too long I get up and walk around. If I had too much standing, I sit down when I need to. It is hard for me to get a job that is in places like Fast Foods, Waitress or Retail Stores. I have to be in control and not some other person. It is my body and I have to take care of it.Many years after this all has happened my father found out that he had a blood disorder with his legs. It wasn't a clot, but something else. That is when my daughter and I surmised that this might be hereditary and that is why I got the clots. When I got them years ago, no one knew how or why I got them. I did think of the fall and I do think that was the major contributor of the first DVT, but the other two--must have been hereditary.So it is not always an Airplane ride or a long car ride or sitting too long in places. It also could be hereditary and falls ans such menial things one doesn't even think about.This Is My Reminder A SouvenirI am left with a souvenir of the several DVT's that I have had. This will never go away. It is a stain on my ankle. It has been there since the first DVT that I had. The picture is on the right. It gets darker sometimes for no reason at all. When people do see it they are concerned and want me to see a doctor. I just tell them that it is my reminder and it is fine. There is not a thing that I can do about it.As Of March 12, 2010My sister in law thought that it would be great if I would get a job at Target just so that I could get health insurance. My husband didn't think that it was serious either until we went to the zoo on March 2, 2010. We only walked around for like 3 hours and then stood in line for 1/2 hour to get something to eat at one of the Hospitality Rooms and then came back to our hotel room. I bent down to take my shoes off and noticed how much bigger and a bit more discolored my left leg was than my right leg. Wow what a shocker. I ended up staying in the in the hotel room with my leg up all day the next day. I couldn't do or go anywhere. I was so looking forward to going to the Museums that day. That night I looked over at my husband and looked straight into his eyes and said, "Does it look like the clot disappeared?" That was when it hit him that I was not making this stuff up. We have been married 13 years and he really didn't really GET IT until that day. He was scared for me at that moment and mentioned that maybe we should have just come to the hotel room after walking back from the Zoo. My foot has swelled a few times while we are married, but nothing like this full blown again. I wish my sister-in-law could have seen that. Perhaps she would have not mentioned me going to work in a standing position for 8 hours+ just to get health insurance. Ha! It would have been more fitting if it was for LIFE Insurance because I surely would have been dead within 6 months. I don't plan on getting another one. I know the next one will take me out completely. The only way one could tell if I ever had these is the permanent stain on my ankle. I don't look sick.So I write here at HubPages and now I sell Avon on-line from my home. I am trying to do it on-line but some don't understand why I don't want to walk around neighborhoods. *I* have control over when I stand or sit and walk around. It is my body and the only one that I have this go around.Other Related Hubshttp://hubpages.com/hub/CoumadinQuestionshttp://hubpages.com/hub/Dealing-With-Invisible-Disability-But-You-Look-Wellhttp://hubpages.com/hub/Blood-Clots-Can-Kill---Dangers-Of-Thrombophlebitisvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Health: What is Head Trauma and Traumatic Brain InjuryHealth: and Nothing Shall Harm YouCommentsG-Ma Johnson2 years ago My goodness you surely did a lot of  suffering my dear ...Glad to hear you are better now..and hoping it continues...God Bless  G-Ma :o) hugsHappy 12 years ago i am sorry for what you had to go thru, God Bless You!Lady Guinevere2 years ago Thank you g-ma and Happy.I didn't post this to feel sorry for myself.  I posted it so that others can get a true story about how Blood Clots and DVT's really are.  On the news and all over the T.V. they plastered that Blood Clots are ONLY formed by those who ride Airplanes.  That is simply not true!  I did this to spread some truth.allshookup2 years ago Wow. Thank you for sharing your story. It's a very scary thing. I got my DVT at the age of 29.  Mine starts at my bellybutton and goes down into my left leg past my knee. Aren't jobst stocking just too sexy! LOL I don't mind wearing them unless it's so hot I can't stand them. Then I just try to stay in doors. When I wear mine, I have had kids ask their mothers if my leg is real because of the color of the stocking and I only wear it on the leg that needs it. I think the kids think I can't hear them. Sounds like Valium is not your drug. I had a bad reaction to Morphine. It makes me itch BAD. I think I'd rather hurt than itch. I'm so glad you came through this. Take that spot on your leg as a battle scar. You fought the battle and you won! You are strong! If you weren't you wouldn't be here now telling us what you went through! Thank you for educating people. It's important that people know these things. I admire you very much! Thanks for showing me your hub!Lady Guinevere2 years ago Thanks for stopping by.  Yes people need education.  I had no idea I could get this at such a young age!  You never know!  It changed my life forever!  I don't wear the stocking all that mcuh.  I am so in tuned to my body now that when my leg starts to swell I am on the couch with it up asap!  It usually swells when it is hot so I have the AC on most times in the summer or I am in the cool bath. allshookup2 years ago I hear you! Since I started Coumadin, it has made me very sensative to temperature. Hot and cold. Have you had that happen to you?Lady Guinevere2 years ago Allshookup, Yes.  I noticed reading my hub that there are amny typo's in it but I will have to get to that tomoorrw. One of my indoor cats have escaped and I am trying to catch him.  There are a few males that will hurt him if they got the chance.  I just hope that he find the crawlspace which is heated and has straw on the floor and food and water there for them, if I don't get him tonight.  He's black and it is dark!  Go figure!!  This is the 3rd time I have had to go get him today!allshookup2 years ago Oh me! Not good! Bad kitty! I don't know if I could run fast enough to catch a cat LOLkhen2 years ago hi thanks for sharing your story... i have a friend who have DVT he passed away last sept. 8...Lady Guinevere2 years ago khen, I am sorry to hear about that.Leah Wingert21 months ago I am so sorry you went through this! I've had a DVT experince, that did develop into a PE, when they checked my lungs I had eight clots between two lungs.  This occured before I even realized I had a DVT.   I was 25 and just had a c-section, my daughter was two weeks old.  I have the exact same kind of "stain" on my ankle.  I am quite fortunate that I haven't had a reccurance of the DVT, but there have been a few scares.  The Lord be with you as you continue to fight this.Lady Guinevere21 months ago Wow, I am sorry for you too.  It is a scary thing to have indeed.  People don't understand what it is like to have a ticking time bomb in your body and why it is so imperative to have self control of ones daily activities.  I certainly had to learn about all this the hard way, just as you did and like I said in the article---I was young too!Thanks for sharing your story.Charlotte21 months ago Well I am another one who got a DVT in another way than a plane ride or inactivity! I still don't know HOW I got mine!! I climb in and out of the back of an ambulance about 30 times a day so go figure??? Mine is in the calf of my left leg! It really scares me! Being an EMT I know all about PE's and they are nothing to fool around with! All I can figure is I must have inherited the condition because my grandfather and my father both died from blood clots or complications due to clots! I have pain meds but can't take it at work....so I just wear my compression stockings CONSTANTLY and deal with the pain till I get home at night! I work sometimes 16 hour days so I only get relief at bedtime! I was glad to find this website where people can talk about their experiences with DVT's. Blessings to you all!CharlotteLady Guinevere21 months ago I know how you feel. I worked at a Walmart once, got fired for something they made up, but I told them that I could only stand for a certain period of time.......so what did they do--put me on a sales thing in the middle of the store for hours and my leg swelled and I went to the Dr.'s, but thankfully nothing was found.  It is hard for me to walk into that store and it took 6 years before I did when I found the manager was gone.  They don't take it seriously.  They don't understand that it is your life.Thanks for sharing your story.C. C. Riter20 months ago Thanks for sharing that LG. Scary stuff indeed. thanks god your still alive and the Doc's too. take care dearLady Guinevere20 months ago I left the rest of the story on your facebook!Pia C17 months ago Oh My God!! I suddenly dont feel alone. Im 22 years old and recently had a knee reconstruction. The doctors didnt drain my leg properly and i have ended up with DVT. The first scan showed 12 clots in my right leg. I have been on warfarin for 6 weeks and 1 day and was on daily injections for the first 2 weeks. They said the pills would stop further clotting but my body would break down the clots. I have had another scan today and the clots are still there!!! Im seeing a vascular surgeon on Monday about this but i have no idea why they wont go away. I cant go to physio for my leg cause they are scared a clot will break and i will get a PE. Im starting to get really scared about this. Any advice???Lady Guinevere17 months ago Pia CI don't have any advice.  Don't eat Broccoli!  It contains a high amount of Vitamin K  which clots the blood.  Read all you can on Vitamins and such and get acqaunted with your problem.  That is about all I can give right at the moment.lesley ackroyd16 months ago this site has been very helpfull and i had my first clot when i was 22yrs in my left leg and again when i was 40yrs and i am now 46yrs old with all the after affects....what a long slog but im here ( thank god )Lady Guinevere16 months ago Lesley,  Thanks for telling us your story. Yes, it is beginning to look more like the younger people are getting this instead of the older folks.  Something is just not right with this.What are we doing to our bodies that isn't being let known to us---like some chemical we are ingesting or something that is passed down through families.  You know what I mean?Ronnal Womack11 months ago Thanks to all whom shared their DVT pulmanary life threatened story.  I also had DVT pulmanary blood clots in July 2009.  The doctor found several on my right and left side of lungs.  I did not know what was going on with me.  I could not walk but three steps at a time then I had to stand still and rest.  It was hard to catch my breath because I got tired so fast.  My left knee and leg always was hurting and it felt like both areas were swelling.The thing about this matter is that I had to be flown from Mosul, Iraq because I was in an armoured vehicle that was hit by an electronic remote controlled IED.  My back, left and right knees, left leg, traumatc brain injury, PTSD, left and right shoulder and kneck injuries, rotary cuff tear, dizziness, right and left ear problems, and TMJ problems.  This incident happened on 7 July 2008 in Mosul, Iraq.  I had my left shoulder rotary cuff tear surgery on 2 February 2009 but the doctor stated that I only needed physical theraphy on my left knee and exercise due to I had cracked areas around the soft tissue knee area and that only rest would heal it.Well in April 2009, I had some snapping like or clogging like symptoms that occured on my right side of brain that went down right side of jaw to the left side and my mouth twisted while I was talking and I could not understand what I was saying.  This happened two times about three minutes apart.  In May 2009, the incident happened again and I was admitted to the hospital for three days.  I was told it was a seizure versus conversion disorder.  Then 20 July 2009 I was admitted to the hospital for DVT/pulmanary embolism.  The coronary and other doctors all stopped by my room to talk to me and hear my story about the IED explosion I was in on 7 July 2008 and to inform me how lucky I was for surviving this blood clot incident because if I waited any longer the doctors told me that I would have died.I think the IED explosion injury in Iraq caused the blood clots and it was just time for the clot to surface after moving around and after the surgery to shoulder occured along with the clot could have been in the left knee as well.  I was put on coumalin blood thinner or wafarin pills for six months because it took that long to get my INR count to what it needed to be at.And now, I just recently found out that I was probably exposed to some of the burn pit carcinogen chemical exposures in Iraq and are having respiratory problems and chemical expoure like reactions.  This is what I get from going overseas to work for a contractor for more money.  My job was to help the U. S. Army as a contractor overseas.Lady Guinevere11 months ago Ronnal, Thanks for telling us your story.  I do hope that all is being taken care of. It is a sad story and I am kind of speachless at the moment.JesusgavemeLIFE7 months ago Poor thing, talk about lessons... I think doctors don't know what the heck they are doing, personally.. I also had a leg problem but the Lord fixed it.. i had surgery that went south... I think we need to pray for you.. I sure will... i am certain the Lord is watching and will continue to watch over you, so don't stress about not working.  Maybe you should be praying and vision questing and writing more to teach us.. me.. maybe... its in your contract!  naw.. just kidding.. take it easy... you got nothing to prove... we're not slaves.. plus, one good post here can help a hundred people in the future.. work is just making others capital.. its a sham unless you help people at work, in my opinion.  Anyways, God Bless you and I hope all turns out well.. the body is temporary, the Spirit endures forever... so never get down.. and use this to draw your faith closer to the Lord.  PeaceLady Guinevere7 months ago JesusgavemeLIFE,  thanks for the comment and compliments.Peace be WITHIN You.Leonie5 months ago I read your post.  I am currenly suffering with a DVT this is now my 4th and I relate to you with how painful it all is, I found that mine have been caused from trauma to the leg and yes people should be made aware of this as many times you don't know what is going on and think that you will be labelled as a winger because you just don't realise something worse is going onLady Guinevere5 months ago Leonie,  Yes,and just because there is no outward signs doesn't mean that one is perfecftly fine to do was they wish.  I do have that scar and it seems to get darker with age and heat.  It's a bit scary for others to see that.  I have had my husband and my daughters make some statements about it and if I am doing fine.  I believe that I got it when I took a hard fall at that McDonald's that I worked at.  It didn't show up for three months after the fall though, so I coulnd't do anything about it then.  Keep your leg elevated as much as you can.Learn as much as you can abnout YOUR body and what it can handle and what it cannot and go from there.Good luck in your recovery.Tricia4 months ago Wow! I can't believe what I just read. I felt like I was reading an article that was about me. I am 37 years old went to the ER because of pain, redness, and swelling in my left leg next to the knee cap. They did an ultra sound and said it was a blood clot. I was also taking Prednisone for some other ailment and I also fell exactly 3 months ago from the date I was diagnosed with DVT. But the doctors at the hospital told me it was from birth control. Now I don't really know after reading your story because it could also be a result from the bad fall. The hospital ended up having to put an Inferior Vena Cava Filter Placement in my large vein to catch the clot in case it dislodges itself. And I was also told the same thing, that it would dissolve on its own. But hearing your story, I don't think it will go away either.Lady Guinevere4 months ago Tricia,  Thanks for comming by and leavng a comment.  Oh I need to put the update to this on this hub ASAP.  Come back in a couple of days and it should be updated.  This is a life-long thing and not just a one time deal--or in my case three time deal.Lady Guinevere4 months ago I added New Information as of March 2, 2010.Dr Ken Romeo4 months ago You lucked out!Actually, you are lucky to be alive.To have DVT at 37 is not unusual. David Bloom, the NBC reporter died in Iraq from DVT and his wife is now the spokesperson.Lady Guinevere4 months ago Dr. Ken Romeo, Yes, this I do know and now my husband knows for sure as to why I will not work outside the home in which someone else has control of my life.  Thanks for stopping by. I didn't know about David Bloom.fetty3 months ago In June 2008 I had my left leg swell up with 10 pounds of added fluid. I was in the hospital for 9 days and I am currently on coumadin probably for the rest of my life. The invasive Radiological Team, Dr. Dave, I call him on the 7th day went in my vein and vacuumed out all of the clots. I had so many clots they could not be counted! Dr. Dave kept me overnite in the ICU and took one final pesky clot out of the upper part of my vein. He uses iodine to see what he is doing. On that clot he used a balloon. At first he said my clots were old and he predicted a 75% improvement. But the next day , he saw a 90 % improvement. I wore the elastic stockings for 1 year and have never had to wear them again. I also hadPE's on my lungs. They went away in about 6 months. I am not happy to be on coumadin but the option is no better. Please look into this type of intervention for your problem. I have never had another incident but I take 5 mgs. of coumadin a day. I see a hematologist every 6 months. She insists on the medicine. Oh, I had a filter put into my vein within 7 hours of arriving to the Ermg.This was put in by the Intensive Radiology dpt. to prevent any further clots from reaching my lungs, heart.I live in New Jersey. I think a fall caused my incident also. The filter was removed after 1 year and half. I delayed the removal but my hematologist wanted it out.Lady Guinevere3 months ago fetty, thanks for adding your story.  I can't have that done.  The told me that I would bleed to death before they could even get into it to do any type of ballooning.cathylynn995 days ago being overweight or on birth control pills increases risks for DVT. classic symptoms include calf pain that worsens when you flex your toes up toward the front of your knee, swelling, redness, and heat. those who have symptoms are actually the lucky ones. sometimes symptoms are subtle or non-existant until a clot breaks free and travels to the lung causing a pulmonary embolism and shortness of breath.Lady Guinevere5 days ago cathylynn,  Thanks for stopping by.  Was that your story?cathylynn995 days ago no, mixed stories of folks i've cared for.Lady Guinevere5 days ago cathylymm,  I do appreciate you sharing that.  I am sure others will too.cathylynn995 days ago there's a new blood thinner pill called pradaxa. you don't need blood tests or a special diet for it to work well and safely for you. if i needed anticoagulation, i'd pick pradaxa.Lady Guinevere5 days ago cathylynn, I would choose a more natural substance - Vitamin "E" and doctors will not tell you this because they would rather use drugs that eventually get recalled for maiming or killing people.cathylynn995 days ago yes, vitamin E, like ginger and melatonin and garlic and others, seem to be anticoagulants, but i know of no studies that show how effective they are in treating DVT. I know there is an increased risk (like with prescription anticoagulants)of hemorrhagic stroke and death in folks who take over 400 mg per day of vitamin E supplementsLady Guinevere5 days ago cathylynn, There are going to be no studies on those things.  They want to take all naturals off the market so they can push us with chemicals.cathylynn995 days ago they have studied vitamin E to coat dialyzers. it successfully reduced the need for the anticoagulant heparin during dialysis in children with renal failure. these things are being studied, though not fast enough for most of us.Lady Guinevere5 days ago cathylynn, you got that right.  Though I have had 3 DVT's I am no longer on anticoagulants--my choice, not a doctorsSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites94Lady GuinevereFrom West Virginia1142 Followers277 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Lady GuinevereContact Lady GuinevereFollow Lady GuinevereSubscribe to Lady Guinevere's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Lady Guinevere a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat does responsibility mean to you?asked by David R Bradley 3 months ago7 answersAnswer this questionWhat does it take for a person to change for the better?asked by lanealanea 7 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsWhat Does It Mean To Have Your Ears Ringing?by JJC13How to Influence People Who Complain All the Time and Stuck...by Katie Johnstone7 Tips To Beat A Bad Moodby Sparkle ChiBlood Clots Can Kill - Dangers Of Thrombophlebitisby Shil1978Factor V Leidenby LwelchDying to Breatheby Leah Wingert Health Self-Help ForumTopicRepliesDoes hypnosis really stop you from over - eating?posted by amy_nutrition1012Fibromyalgia is My "Thing" #3 (Loyalty)posted by Pixienot0Life is hard, isn't it?posted by kath_10Post a new topic8 more topics Tagshealth medicine blood blood clot leg hereditary Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.649 sec)  working