The Dangers of Letting Your Kids Play FootballHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHealthPersonal Health Information and Self-HelpSports Injuries and SprainsThe Dangers of Letting Your Kids Play FootballThe Dangers of Letting Your Kids Play Football86rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Stacie NaczelnikRecently, one of my teenage cousins expressed interest in playing football.  My aunt and uncle firmly put their feet down, telling him it simply wasnt an option.  They both believe that the sport is too dangerous for a teenager to play.  I cant say that I disagree with them.  While adult players can, and do, sustain life-altering injuries from playing football, teenagers have a higher chance of serious, long-term injury.  According to a September 2007 New York Times article, At least 50 high school or younger football players in more than 20 states since 1997 have been killed or have sustained serious head injuries on the field.Stats on Football Injuries http://riotimus.blogspot.com/2007/02/riotimus-vs-superbowl.htmlMean Coach Scene from Varsity Blues - Warning: Swear Words Used Troy Aikmen's Injuries http://community.foxsports.com/blogs/socalsportsfan/Indianapolis_Colts/27911Wendell Murphy suffered a football spinal injury before DISD's insurance for players improved. Courtesy of Dallas News.When High School Football Gets DangerousIf youve seen the movie Varsity Blues, you will see an exaggerated (dramatized) version of high school football gone wrong.  The coach in this team bullies the heck out of his players.  One student is dangerously and unhealthily overweight.  He suffers multiple concussions, but still the coach wants him to play.Sounds crazy, right?  Unfortunately, a lot of teenage football players arent telling their coaches when they might have suffered from concussions.  I believe almost every high school football coach would pull a player who sustained an injury that could be made seriously worse by playing again.  But if the coaches dont know about the injury, they cant pull the players.  These kids endure the pain.  They dont understand exactly what a concussion is, or how dangerous it can be.  Many players believe they shouldnt stop playing because their team needs them.  While it is wonderful to teach teenagers responsibility and how to work as a team, they also need to learn how to take care of themselves.  Sometimes, a game is just a gameespecially when it comes to a persons well-being.Think Im Exaggerating?In October of 2007, an eighth-grade boy collapsed while playing a football game.  He died.  The autopsy revealed that the boy died from a head trauma.  How did the trauma occur?  He was tackled on the field.  He got up, walked to sidelines, and then collapsed.  Sadly, he died the next day.In September of 2007, a high school football player ended up in the hospital with a severe brain injury.  After watching a tape of the football field, no out of the ordinary events popped out to highlight when the injury could have occurred.  This is scary because it means that the boy could have been seriously injured during regular, normal, and acceptable game playgame play that can lead to life-risking injury.More ConcernsNot all injuries on the football field are as serious as life or death, but all injuries have the potential of leaving lasting effects on the players.  Some of the most common football injuries affect the following areas: cervical spine, neck, knee, shoulder, and head.  Broken noses, black eyes, broken teeth, sprains, and broken bones are also incredibly common.  If you do decide to let your teenagers play contact football, remember that their bodies are still developing.  Educate them about the serious risks of injury, and what they should do if injured.  As well, make sure they are aware of proper safety proceduresincluding wearing their helmet whenever they play, even during practice drills.Thoughts, feedback, or comments?  Let me know in the comment box below!  I only ask that you be respectful if we have differing views.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome Beautiful The Dangers of Teen DrinkingFive Books Every Girl Should ReadCommentsIn The Doghouse2 years ago I was completely and totally glad that my son had a physical condition not allowing him to participate in football... whew!  I have met so manypeople that are young adults now, that have injuries from high school that have messed up things like thier knees, ankles etc.  for life, or until surgery.  Good information, thanks.Stacie Naczelnik2 years ago I don't think I will let my kids play.  I'm thinking track & field, no contact sports.Dave Pear2 years ago I played 6 years in the NFL and I have been receiving social security disability since I was 51 years old. However, I do not qualify for football degenerative disability from the NFL. The disability system for the NFL is corrupt and denies valid medical claims. Gene Upshaw does not understand the laws that govern disability and pensions. For the past 25 years Gene has stood behind laws that do not exist to the detriment of injured players.We all knew that football was a tough game but once you get seriously injured the NFL (especially our union the NFLPA) turns their back on you and you have to fight their lawyers for medical benefits. The problem is, The Groom Law Group has written the plan to defraud injured players and their families of their medical benefits. I hope Congress initiates legislation that will take away the anti trust exemption from the NFL because they DO NOT play by the rules.Dave Peardavepear.com/blog/ Stacie Naczelnik2 years ago Dave, that sounds rough.  Hope you are doing okay.Isabella Snow2 years ago Wow, I just read Dave's story in the news. Poor man!!!!!Maryam Thomas2 years ago Last year, a large young man tackled my son and broke his wrist.  He suffered and lot of pain and agony.  I always thought in my heart that football was a dangerous sport and did not care for it.  My husband loves the sport  and wants to have my son live out his own unaccomplised dreams.  Now, I realized that I have to discourage my son from ruining his body and his spiritual well-being. Since he has been playing the game, he seems to be a meaner, less sympatheic person. He has to deal with convincing himself that feeling pain is o.k., when it isn't. The whole things is evil to me.  It reminds me of the Roman Emperors who took pleasure in inflicting harm and death on it's citizens in the colliseums for the fun of it (sport of it).  If you believe in God, you too should realize that our bodies are precious and that we should keep them well and free of harm.  I can assure you that there will not be any football in Heaven.DYEMONTE JONES23 months ago OKAY BUT I AM A CHRISTIAN AND I PLAY FOOTBALL WHAT IS WRONG WITH THAT I WANT TO PLAY IN THE NFL NO MATTER WHAT ANYBODY SAYS YOU HAVE TO TAKE RISK TO BE THE BESTjohnny vaughn23 months ago sports have injuries there is a posiblity in all of them that you could get hurt. if you run track instead of playing football you have just the same chance of getting hurt so i play ball everyday and i will take any risk to get to my dreams!!!! johnny vaughn23 months ago sports have injuries there is a posiblity in all of them that you could get hurt. if you run track instead of playing football you have just the same chance of getting hurt so i play ball everyday and i will take any risk to get to my dreams!!!! Joey22 months ago I play football I love football, you know theres apossibilty of getting hurt but you still do it because you love it. Theres a possibilty of getting hurt just walking down the street but people still do it. If you hide away and don't do anything than you waste your life.David Mcdonald18 months ago everybody listien kids ar gonna want to play football or contact.But dont hold them back from that thats  being extremly over protective and your holding them back from what tehy want to do and plus you only live once so just let them do itDavid Mcdonald18 months ago sports arent about inguries.its about the fun of the of the game. being with your freinds. scoring the winning touchdown having a great conversation on the field w. you know my dads freind got crippled from the neck down from football and he dosent regret playing it. and do you really want a kid to wonder what life could have been like. do you want that kid to watch football and wish it was him.. oh by the way most head spinal cord inguries or deaths arent caused by football but stuff like riding a bike or drving car. oh by the way stacie i was on my schools track team and we do have inguries and most days we have more inguries then the lacrosse teamAmy16 months ago My son is 15 years old.  He loves football.  He eats, sleeps and is football.  Just two days ago my son had emergency surgery from an injury in football.  We thought it was a pulled muscle until he started having numbness in his legs.  We went to a specialist who found through MRI and a Cat Scan that he had fractured a vertebra and had a blood clot on his spinal cord.  Had we waited 12 hours the Dr. said he would have never walked again.  That was very scary for all of us.  The day after surgery my son is already thinking about next season.  He went in his wheel chair to the home opener just 3 days after surgery. He said he had to go and see the team.TL16 months ago My ex-wife & I our back & forth in court about my son playing tackle football. He's 10 that pratice 5 days per week & play Saturdays. It takes away from other activies children should also be involved in. It's brutial sport. Anyone that have play has some type of injury that make them regret the times they did play. Any man that says he does not regret becoming cripple from playing football is lying. If the game is about fun. I have no problem with my son playing flag football.james15 months ago Football is a perfectly safe sport, the most common way of getting injured is when you arent paying attention or if you are not trying 100 percent. contact sports have been in this world for hundreds of years and there is no reason why you should not let their kids play. most kids who play football get better grades during the season because football teaches discipline and dedication.Bluesey14 months ago Football IS NOT a perfectly safe sport. They take anyone who wants to play on the high school team. It doesn't matter if your built like a fireplug or a pencil to the coaches. That is UNTIL you meet your maker on the other team. Football is a dangerous sport.My opinion13 months ago Let's just put our kids in bubbles. We are on track to raise the greatest generation of weenies our planet has ever seen.unkown10 months ago kids should not play footballTeresa9 months ago My son is 15 and has being playing football since he was 8.My husband and I know that football is a dangerous sport, but we cannot stop our son from playing what he enjoys the most, We wether keep him busy in football than hang out in the streets, or just lay around the house and do nothing, football does give them discipline my son helps me alot around the house when my husband works out of town, he is respectful, we listen to him so he listnes to us, His dream is to play for the longhorns some day, We just wish him the best and at every game he knows to pray or himself and his teammates,dave9 months ago According to a Mayo Clinic study the risk of injury in youth football is no greater than in other recreational or competitive sports. According to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, youth football has 12% fewer injuries per player than Soccer.The younger a child is, the less likely they are to get hurt. The Mayo Clinics study showed that the risk of injury for a fourth grader playing tackle football was one-fourth of the risk of injury for an eigth grader playing football!Matt8 months ago Whats worse football or hockeyBrandon Rose8 months ago ive been playing football since I was 6 years old I'm now 17 years old this is my last year playing high school football right now were in spring training in my years playing football ive broken both my arms at different times ive craked my knee cap suffered 2 concussions and I will keep playing untill the day I die this has nothing to do with religion for all those ignorant people that say god wants us to protect our bodies no what god wants us to do is live our life to the fullest to be successful and not live life with any regret and ill be damned the day anyone on this planet tells me that I can't play football so for everyone that says your protecting them be not letting them play your just crippling them yourselves by not letting  them play and spreading their wings. Holding someone back is the worst most selfish thing a human being can do to someone all they want to do Is live their live are you going to hold them back?urpussies7 months ago have your kid play soccer.unknown7 months ago Amazing that someone who's only lived 17 years can declare others ignorant..... God does not want us to inflict pain on ourselves, physical or otherwise.  He is the one teaching us to benefit ourselves.  If only we would just listen, adults and youth alike.  God gave us freedom of choice.  Whether right or wrong it is in our discretion to do what we are driven to do.  As people, we use what we need to use to justify our actions, make them appear right.  If ever you want to assess whether a decision or choice is right, you should take a look at Jesus' life.  He and his apostles never engaged in any contact sport in the name of fun or an adrenaline rush.  It's expected of anyone to enjoy that rush.  Especially when you're young.  Believe me, it can be found elsewhere and without taking unnecessary risk to the only temple we have.Bob6 months ago That's right. Let's raise a generation of sissies.Rufus6 months ago I think every kid should be forced to play footbal to weed out weak. And instead of giving out trophies for last place for" just trying" the champions should be forced to run victory laps until they puke to to show how much tougher they are than the all the other losersMacKenzie 6 months ago I agree, with the lack of protective equipment for the players. Football is a very dangerous sport. Not to mention the violent fans, or hooigans as they are called. Football is a very violent sport, just watch you average world cup game. Riots, fights, and beatings. At least in American style football the players are protected with helmets and pads.Jay6 months ago 1st...Stop trying to smother your children. If they want to try out a particular sport you should let them. You can't be there to protect them forever so you might as well let them grow. If they don't like it then they won't play it.2nd...I am not trying to be insensitive because for those of you who have had bad experiences (personnally or with your children) playing football I am sorry for your situation but don't gloss over a whole sport based on a few incidents. There are 100,000s of thousands of high school players not to mention all the college players, pro players, and other leagues in between who play the sport without incident every year. So if you child wants to play let them!!! As some have already said football teaches life lessons better than just about any other sport believe me I can speak from first hand knowledge. We need to stop rewarding our youth for doing nothing and get back to teaching them about hard work and dedication and not giving up even when you don't want to keep going. It really upsets me to see so many people who think they can protect their kids from everything. So you don't let them play football but while riding their bike to the park to play soccer they get hit by a car. It would be unfortunate but it happens everyday.3rd...I played 3 yrs of high school football, 3 yrs of college football, and 2 yrs of semi-pro football and I don't regret on day of it. The two-a-days in the august heat in high school, the three-a-days in the august heat on astro turf at that in college, and some of the injuries I sustained had no negative reflection to me. I would do it over again any time if I could. By the way none of my injuries required surgery and I was back to playing with in a few weeks, but guess what just last year I tore my acl and meniscus in my knee and had to have knee reconstructive surgery and then 5 months later I had to have the same knee scoped to remove scar tissue and guess what...this injury happened at work. So where was my mommy to keep me from having to work so I wouldn't get hurt.......tim4 months ago ok this is messed up more people die from from soccer more then football 50 people died from 1997 out of millions so just shut up and let your kids play!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Sharon3 months ago Its not that kids shouldn't play football.  ALL sports can injure, and BASEBALL kills more than any of them.  My big issue concerns starting the kids on football regularly from a young age and basically creating what is going to be a chronic injury.  That's not fair to the child, they just want to have fun.  What's wrong with doing something other than football for a little while?  Why the football focus?  The older they get, the more the kids will hear "Hit him hard, Joe."  Chronic injuries, especially head injuries have devastating effects.dave3 months ago stacie wht dont you just put helemets on youre kids and put them in  plastic bubbles.robert fritz3 months ago stacie if you dont let your child at least try sports like football then they wont know what its like .. you should let your kids pick out sports that they think are fun and let them try it if they dont like the sports then just dont do it but you shouldnt hold them back from doing something like footballHARRY RAMNARINE3 months ago It is okay for your child to participate in sporting activities at school.However,if there's a risk of serious injury which will rob them of their education then we as adults should remind them of the main reason for being in school.Long practice session takes a big chunk of their homework time.Fatigue sets in and sleep follows resulting in poor performance on tests etc.Missing classes for games.In their youthful years having a good understand of the basics is of paramount importance in moving forward.I sustained an injury to my nose while playing cricket at school.This never stopped me,later it was a broken teeth and erosion of skin above my lips and so on.Today as an older person i wish protective gear was made available.Luckily i never suffered any brain injury.If your child seriously love football thenKristal R :)3 months ago than you !!!jackie2 months ago I have seen more kids injured from baseball then football in my 16 years working in pediatrics.  My son has played football for 5 years now and has not had any injury.  He loves it and I will let him keep playing as long as he wants.Paula2 months ago In all the schools I've attended and taught at, the football players weren't the ones making better grades. They were continually making the worst grades of them all. Maybe it's all those concussions they aren't reporting getting.I agree, it sounds like some of you are focused solely on football. There are other sports that don't cause so many concussions, broken bones, injured spines and helmets slamming helmets like barbarians at war.Lisa from Baltimore2 months ago My 12 yr old played YOUTH football for the 1st time this year and what an eye opener!! You would have thought these kids were in the NFL! Anyway...I knew we were in trouble when a football mom said her son LOVES the game..since he can KICK SOME ASS and not get called to the Principle's office....WOW ...very scary..then she laughed.Think we might be seeing this kid play for the STEELERS one day? Oh sorry I take back that comment...Somehow people associate this agressive behavior with being a man?? I don't get it...As a sports enthusiast and a spectator..I have never experienced this type of  brutal mentality and behavior in ANY youth sport before.Some of the players are not out there for the fun of the sport..they are out there to hurt people.ray2 months ago I played peewee, junior and high school football. Joined The Marines after school. I knew both were dangerous. Should I not serve my country becouse of some danger. There is more danger driving your car or just walking down the street than either one, football or The Marines. Mothers tring to protect thier sons have made this country weak. Where are the dad's. Lets teach our sons to be men. we have a president that can't even throw a ball like a man. Sports can help a child, boy or girl, in many ways bad and good. It's up to the parents to teach them how to deal with it. Let's quit blaming someone else or teaching them to rely on government or someone else. Many peaple with handicaps have done some amazing things because they didn't pity themselves but took charge of the situation and overcame any obsticals and to those peaple I salute you. I am a Christian. Was saved when I was a young teenager. God doesn't want us to purposly harm ourselves but He also doesn't expect us to lay down and let everyone else take care of us. Man up to being a parent. Man up to being an American.diana hampo2 months ago Did you know the most dangerous sport in America is high school cheerleading? Football is a lot better than rugby. If a boy has a good coach and a desire to play...let him play. It's America's game. And he'll feel and learn things on the football field he won't find anywhere else. I just wrote a blog in defense of football and little boys. Good article thoughryan weiland6 weeks ago football is awesomeSmucker Jones6 weeks ago I think ryan weiland is coolFalash Flood5 days ago I played youth football, high school, and college and sustained many injuries. I still live with a few today, BUT I would never cheat my boys out of the lessons and fun I had playing. I attribute my work ethic, showing up every day on time, graduating college and my toughness to football. I also became more confident, social, and perserverent. Plus my greatest memories came on the field. There is NOTHING better than knocking somebody down and seeing the snot role down there lip. If I could play right now instead of ANYTHING else, I would. The only thing football didn't help with is my spelling, sorry for that.Random kid47 hours ago Now im a kid whos going into freshman football nxt year and have played two years youth football and even youth football is rough and brutal but the experience of the game is like nothing i have ever seen before. When i walked into the endzone for the first time i ever i swear that i was in heaven. Lets kids play the sport, don't stop your kids from doing something they love.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites92Stacie NaczelnikFrom Seattle1724 Followers320 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by Stacie NaczelnikContact Stacie NaczelnikFollow Stacie NaczelnikSubscribe to Stacie Naczelnik's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Stacie Naczelnik a question based on this Hub.Related Questionsmalpractice in injuryasked by eswarydaruman 5 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionShould Mike Vick play football again?asked by COCOBEWARE 19 months ago19 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsLet's Play the Wii!by SistasExpressHow to Play Football -The Basics of How to Play Football...by LensMan999How to play footballby LifeBuilderCall of Duty Black Ops: How to Set Parental Controls and...by AvamumFiction Novel: Letting Go - Beginningby KristenGraceAn Illustrated Guide of How to Have a GREAT Airsoft...by swtwin2 Personal Health Information and Self-Help ForumTopicRepliesDown with bad cold, sore throat and high temperature...posted by Home Girl16Does hypnosis really stop you from over - eating?posted by amy_nutrition1012What's the longest you've gone without sleep?posted by eltravose63Post a new topic99 more topics Tagshealth family children sports football teenagers Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.698 sec)  working