California. Dumbest State in the UnionHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesPolitics and Political ScienceElections and Voter TurnoutCalifornia. Dumbest State in the UnionCalifornia. Dumbest State in the Union72rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy tony0724Save the planet not the people !Source: Heaven help us !I guess LA and San Francisco didn't get the messageWith the midterms now behind us we the people are now afforded the luxury of our Monday morning quarterbacking that we all like to participate in. And the mood of the nation is obviously sour ! Anger was what propelled Obama to office in response to Dubya and his sidekick the veep. By election time 2008 a nation was collectively tired of Iraq and Afghanistan and the recession that we had been experiencing for the better part of that year. And in our collective anger we decided to wrest our hopes upon an unproven but good looking and well spoken individual with world class charisma. But we ignored his associations and lack of a significant track record. And the result of that anger is what we live in now. Our temper tantrum has gotten us into a nationwide rut ! So I think we can say unequivocally that this was a failed experiment. Now as we look on midterms 2010 we can see that up until the final days Democrats everywhere were sure it would not be as bad as thought. And to an extent they are correct as the Tea Party did not completely overrun the Senate. However there can be no mistake that this was a stark declaration of the anger of we the people . Congress had the biggest turnover since the 1930s. And that anger was being played out in every state all across the nation at the voting booth. YUP ! I think we the people have the attention of Washington DC now ! However in the state I have called home nearly all my life California we just did not see it that way. We stuck with tried and true failure as we were smoking bongloads at the voting booth deliberating on Prop 19 to make marijuana legal here.How the rest of the country voted. Except us ! Source: How the country voted. Except us !Stupid is as stupid does !California has always marched to its own drummer, no doubt about that. I have always known that for the most part I am like a square peg in a round hole. I am a conservative who lives in Southern California and that leads to eating lunch by myself alot. While the rest of the nation took there anger out on the likes of a Russ Fiengold and Allen Grayson and sent them to the unemployment office, we here in California said " WHAT ME WORRY ?!. We decided that the ultimate retread Jerry Brown was actually a viable commodity. We decided that Barbara Boxer was doing a good job and deserved another six years ! We voted no on Prop 23 because we decided in the midst of economic calamity that we are going to pay more out of control taxes and pay doubled utility rates.Because we want to pay double what we pay now to save the planet. Prop 23 was just going to suspend Arnolds green bill until we could get back on our feet here economically.Seems like common sense to me !I guess we really dig having more money taken out of our pockets. And I don't know about other Californians but my wallet is stretched to the max already.But hell no lets fork out more cash, it's worth it dammit ! And then to boot, Jenny Oropeza who looks like she is a very nice woman and is a Democrat got elected to our state senate in Sacramento representing a district in Los Angeles. And I know what you are thinking already. " Tony why is that so bad ? Do you really dislike Democrats that much ? " And my answer to your question is no. I was having trouble wrapping my head around this because of another factor, SHE'S DECEASED ! May God shower her soul with blessings ! I realize that may bea petty reason for my disgust with the California voting public, but I gotta wonder. IS ANYBODY PAYING ATTENTION ?Our new Attorney General  Hard on businesses , soft on criminalsAm I the only guy with a brain in this state ?I am going to say this one straight up without finesse. CALIFORNIA IS THE DUMBEST IN THE UNION ! And this past weeks actions confirm this. See our thinking is all messed up here in California.Something is deeply wrong with us ! We decided that Happy Meals are public enemy number one in California and they have been banned by the city of San Francisco. But in the city of Los Angeles Judge Peter Espinoza issued a 10 page ruling based on a petition by four sex offenders that decided that the distance molesters can live in proximity to parks and schools was unconstitutional , yes you read that right. Our Judges are more concerned about the rights of sex offenders then children ! It must be one of those compassion things the bleeding heart liberals like here. When you have a population that is more concerned with Toys in Happy Meals then the protection of children from molesters I call it DUMB or INSANE ! What do you call it ?And as far as elections go ,there is only one criteria for being elected in California and that is to have a (D) next to your name. Thats it ! You could have an IQ of seven but if you have that (D) that is all you need brothers and sisters ! Maybe I should run as a (D). It's obvious there are no lifeguards on duty here !I think this says it all ! Need I say more ?Meet the new Boss, same as the old Boss !Now there were three significant offices that were up for election here, Governor , Senator, amd Attorney General as well as Lt. Governor. Now I do not at this juncture know the winner of the Lt. Governors race. But seeing that San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom has a (D) by his name I am sure the smart money in Vegas is on him. So I guess California will now be a sanctuary state. And then of course we have these tired old retreads along with a criminal AG !#1- Jerry Brown - Now we have roughly 38 million people in California and out of those 38 million people the two best choices that we could come up with were Meg Whitman and Jerry Brown. And all of California was screaming at Meg for all of the money that she was spending on her campaign. And then of course if she had gotten money from other sources California would be screaming about that ! I guess we would expect her to have a bake sale in order to raise funds. And I will give Brown this one over Whitman , Jerry Brown has never hidden who he is ! But in California public employee unions have brought this state to it's knees. And Jerry Brown signed in the legislation that allowed public employees to unionize. And now with bloated pensions and entitlements California is no longer solvent.But oh what the hell ?! Jerry Brown has a (D) next to his name therefore worthy of office ! This is how we think here ! I kid you not.#2- Barbara Boxer- Now of all the outrages all I gotta say on this one , WHY ? Carly Fiorina former CEO of Hewlett Packard was the GOP nominee that was going against Boxer and was at an immediate disadvantage because she had an (R) next to her name. And California is completely myopic because they refuse to look at the facts. FACT : The San Joaquin valley is some of the most fertile ground in the United States when the water is on ! But the Dept. of Fish and Wildlife decided that the Delta Smelt was an endangered species therefore the water has been shut off to the central valley. And Boxer nor Feinstein have done anything to get the water turned back on. Now in case you have not been informed we are going to be seeing food shortages and steeply increased prices in 2011. General Mills and other big food conglomerates are going to steeply increase food prices next year so Boxer has made decisions that affect you too ! And on top of that , in the cap and trade bill that was in committee with Boxer and John Kerry also put in carbon credit language that will all but break the backs of farmers. Thanks Barbara ! And no state is more unfriendly to business then California and as a result Businesses of all sizes are leaving here in droves thanks to law passed by the likes of people like Boxer. But she has a (D) next to her name , therefore worthy of office.#3- Kamala Harris- Now it seems Kamala Harris will be our Attorney General here in California and a bigger travesty I cannot think of. Kamala Harris had a commercial running here locally where she proudly chirped about her establishment of an environmental crimes division. But what she failed to mention was the fact that as DA of San Francisco Harris would not seek the death penalty for cop killers of policemen that worked in her city. Or the fact that San Francisco being a sanctuary city allowed Edwin Ramos a Guatamalen native and member of MS-13 protection by sanctuary city laws of San Francisco with Harris's OK . And Ramos killed Anthony Bologna and his two sons Matthew and Michael in cold blood in a minor traffic accident all the while being released in March of that year for a weapons charge conviction. And even the San Francisco Chronicle endorsed Steve Cooley her Republican challenger. And she also hid hate crimes by three Muslim men who were beating on Gays around the Bay Area because of their hatred for gays. And Harris hid that one. I was warning you about this six months ago.http://hubpages.com/hub/A-hate-crime-in-San-Francisco-you-did-not-hear-aboutIn typical liberal fashion Harris has made Businesses the criminals not the actual criminals ! But oh wait a minute I forgot she has a (D) next to her name , therefore worthy of office. So all in all I just wanted to congratulate the state of California for putting three more nails in our collective coffin. But if you want to run for office , just remember to put a (D) beside your name , because you will definitely get elected dead or alive !vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (9)Funny (1)Awesome (9)Beautiful (1)CommentsG-Ma Johnson2 months ago No wonder I left that state 25 years ago...I think I will forward this to me son, a hard working Business man In construction who has been out of work for over 2 years after at least 20 years of hard labor....Bravo Calif.  :O) hugs G-Ma..Dead are you serious??? that lady? Jenny Oropeza   HUH? OMGtony07242 months ago G-Ma sometimes I wonder if I am crazy for saying here. But it's home and I like the weather. Thank's for breaking in the hub.K J Page2 months ago A visitor from outer state - I watched the political ad bombardment of propaganda with interest and was amazed at the result they gathered.  So California was brave enough to elect a dead woman?  Got to admit that takes some kinda nuts.And to think I keep wantin to run for office on the based that we fire all politicians and start from scratch!  Bu then I'd have a (TP) beside my name!!!  Hey, but I'm a TP from outer state - I stand a good a chance as the dead lady!!!breakfastpop2 months ago I think the weather just lulls people into a dreamy state where critical thinking is impossible. I've been to California many times, San Diego in particular and I fell in love with the state not their politics.Tom Whitworth2 months ago Tony,I am somewhat dissapointed in my state of West Virginia also like you in California. At least I have my first Republican conservative Congressman since 1968 but we elected a Democrat as our Senator.Governor Joe Manchin who allegedly helped his daughter get a degree from my Alma Mater WVU without ever attending a single class making my degree worthless!!!!!!!!!!!!!Vladimir Uhri2 months ago But there are some wise people there, my friend Tony. You are one of them.Hmrjmr12 months ago Tony - my commiserations my friend! Looks like California has out Chicago'ed Chicago. Now instead of just voting for your local dem the dead guy is your local dem! Maybe the dead folks were demanding representation after all these years of collecting medicare, social security, etc and having to come out every couple a years to vote! No surprise they wanted one of their own looking out for their interests..Good luck out there my friend!tony07242 months ago Hello KJ Page.I myself am not a Tea Party member but I do definitely have a favorable impression of them and am a supporter. And thinking California is nuts is pretty accurate.And firing all of the politicians and starting from scratch seems like a goos Idea. At least we are getting off to a good start.tony07242 months ago BPop I don't know if it is the weather or the water but people in my state seem to be in a state of denial that is unprecedented. And San Diego county at least had enough brains not to vote for the same old tired retreads !CMerritt2 months ago Tony, Nic Hub!...I think you nailed on the head best with your line...38 million people in California and out of those 38 million people the two best choices that we could come up with were Meg Whitman and Jerry Brown.Keep these hubs coming...tony07242 months ago Tom at least in your state Manchin has some centrist leanings. Out here hard left is the only viable alternative, so sad. Thanks for dropping by Tom.tony07242 months ago Vladmir thank you for the kind words. There are a couple of us !drbj2 months ago If I were an alien from another planet who had just arrived in your state in my spaceship, and I read this amazing hub of yours, tony, I would run as fast as I could to take off and return to my own planet. CRAZY!!! :)tony07242 months ago My dear friend Hmrjmr I guess dead people are feeling discriminated against. Leave it to California to solve that problem ! Have a great day Buddy.tony07242 months ago CMerritt thank you for dropping by. And that is kind of a sad statement on California huh ?tony07242 months ago drbj good morning to you ! And I believe the space aliens might be dissapointed if they cannot get a happy meal in San Francisco. Have a good day.vrajavala2 months ago I heard that all the conservatives moved out.they will just have to burn, and learn the hard way.tony07242 months ago vrajavala I am still here and it is getting very lonely.Wayne Brown2 months ago I think with the "re-re-election" of Jerry Brown, California is leading the nation in terms of who has the biggest socialist running things.  Surely, you can find a job for Ralph Nader out there! Boxer is off the scale...prime-meat commie. Where is the agriculture lobby in California...a fish is shutting down the food chain of America...NUTS! WBeovery2 months ago I think California would be better if it feel off into the ocean.You do have another smart guy there.  My son is down around Long Island somewhere.I think California is thinking the US government will bail them out...they are too big to fail.Keep on hubbing!daydreamer132 months ago Great hub!tony07242 months ago Wayne everyday I wake up I cannot believe the insanity I witness. And then I am called the crazy one because I am not buying what the Dems here try to sell. Maybe when things get worse here people might wake up. People I interact within my job are talking about leaving the state, and I can't blame them. All companies of all sizes are leaving here so are the jobs that go with them.tony07242 months ago eovery I think you are referring to Long Beach. California leads the nation in welfare recipients, but according to Nancy Pelosi that is a good thing. Kinda tells you all you need to know about the thinking of the big wheels here in California !daydreamer thank you for the kind words.Joni Douglas2 months ago Excellent rant Tony.  Nevada has to rate right up there too.  What does that say about people who elect the same tired old man and expecting new results.  I mean really, if he had any good ideas, wouldn't he have used them already?  Makes you wonder about people doesn't it?tony07242 months ago Joni as you well know that is definition of insanity. Doing the same thing over again and expecting different different results. After all in California being dead does not disqualify you from being up for election. I could not believe Harry made it back into office either.Now out here in California I am not surprised, all you need is a D beside your name and you are in, no research needed. Thank's for dropping by Joni.Unchained Grace2 months ago I been in and out of CA over the years, so I know little of its politics. It wasn't part of the TO&E of why I was there. I do know this. Within the Sea of Denial are threats we don't see because of the calm appearance up top. You might find some sharks, ya might find some stingrays or ya may just get caught out in the undertow and end up drowning in your own Sea of Denial.Some of us pay no heed to the possibility of threats as we want to believe the superficial greasejob on the surface. We want to believe we made the right choice.Jumping up and down and whining for a new lifeguard to babysit our little sea of denial has gotten us exactly where we is. We rolled over for a prepackaged socially motivated hustler. By socially motivated I mean one who sees the concerns and says what you want to hear.A self-made Golden Calf. You saw it, You bought it. Now, you own it. Ain't no money-back guarantee, folks.Ain't no Marine ever come outta Parris Island by being spoonfed. If you're tired of the crap, change it and quit cryin' about it. Politicians are whores in designer suits, so why is this not seen as a 'no-brainer?"tony07242 months ago Sadly Unchained Grace I believe that us locals here are going to be having buyers remorse on unprecedented levels in no time flat out here.  If people things are bad out here now they are going to be shocked just how bad it is going to get. Always good to have you drop by.SheriSapp2 months ago Tony,I really enjoyed this hub. It is reassuring to know that there are at least a few sane folks in CA. Years ago my mom told me they call California the land of fruits and nuts, and they call it that for a reason. I have ALWAYS remembered that though it was many years before I fully understood it. Look at the bright side, it seems like folks in Massachusetts are equally as insane. God bless you, I think if I had to live there I would eventually be incited to violence! Keep fighting the good fight my friend!tony07242 months ago Sheri thank you for the kind words. I have been in the minority around here for awhile.California voters seem to be oblivious to reality and fact. And the latino vote has been a large reason why Dems stay in control around here. Our state Government has been Democrat dominated for some time. And I think the results speak for themselves here. I even got a robocall from Susan Sarandon to pass Prop 19. So as we think further into the abyss I shudder to think what we will look like a year from now. And everybody will be looking for someone to point fingers at. And the majority of us are going to have to look in the mirror,sheila b.2 months ago When I lived in CA many years ago I realized no one I met had a bookcase full of books. Maybe that's one reason they don't know what's good for them. I just hope CA gets a big 'NO!' when they come crying for a bailout.tony07242 months ago And Sheila rest assured with a Dem controlled state Capitol we will be crowing for a bailout in no time. We are on the cliff , and Jerry Brown and the Dems will definitely give us the final push over the cliff.poetvix2 months ago Ok Tony, you had me early on with the "happy meals being more important than child molesters".  Your assessment, in my opinion, was spot on, the entire thing is insane.  God help Cal. Thanks for a really honest, hard hitting hub.tony07242 months ago poetvix how ya doin ? So nice to have you drop by and I sometimes wonder exactly what kind of world I am living in these days.California is an alternate universe apparently. Thank you so much for dropping by and I always enjoy your comments !Pamela992 months ago Tony, I've been out of town and doing some commenting on hubs I've missed and I couldn't believe some of CA's choices.  I mean Brown already had a miserable run at being a governor and that pompous Barbara Boxer????  Great hub, rated up!tony07242 months ago Pamela while I was irked by our election results I was not surprised. I do not know what is wrong with us out here on the west coast but I hope we find an antidote.By this time next year I think their is going to be some major anger.cindizzj@yahoo.co2 months ago I live in Ca, but am not bragging about it.  We are the most ;unfriendly state and usually once someone moves out of Ca, they don't come back, not by choice that is.  That voting BS only shows me that we really dont have much to do with any of it, of all the peeps here, how does it ever come down to the one or two to chose from?  We sure didnt decide we wanted them to be our choices.  Someone did though, the same someone who had already chosen who was going to be in office, we just think we have a choice in any of it.  Ha think again.tony07242 months ago cindizz ,I think like you that most of our candidates are already pre ordained for us.There was no way I could have ever voted for Jerry Brown, but Whitman as an alternative I was not exactly crazy about. And like you I know many in California who have had it and are ready to pull up stakes and say hell with it. And then I know quite a few who are pondering moving too. Who can blame them ? Thank's for sharing your thoughts.ptosis2 months ago I disagree, Hawaii is the dumbest state in the Union. The native Hawaiians on the 50th anniversary of statehood cut out the star out of the American flag but cut out the wrong star.The kanaka maoli have a strong sense of entitlement from the US gov't. They want to keep the Gov't check and secede from the USA at the same time.Dumb. Dumb. Dumb(In a Ronald Reagan voice during the 'tear down that wall speech): "Hawai'i; Give back that star - you don't deserve it."tony07242 months ago Well Hawaii has to run a close second then ptosis. But I stll like their beaches and Maui is heaven on earth.But you are right that is just disgusting. Thanks for dropping in.davidseeger2 months ago I've got to say a good word about Californians. I spent a month there years ago and was pleasently surpirsed by the courtesy and helpfulness I found. So, OK, they are friendly and helpful, however you don't needa high IQ for that. My suggestion is that we all move to California so that when the feds come to the rescue of California we will be there to take a share of it. If we are all there I don't know where the money for the rescue will come from. But, what me worrey? The Fed Govt will find it and we will be all well again. Please take note of the sarcasim with which this is offered.Jason R. Manning2 months ago Hi Tony,I transplanted from the Peoples Republic of California 7 years ago.  Sure its much hotter in Arizona, but the voters have a little more common sense swimming between their ears.  I think all of that saltwater has a profound effect upon conscientious planning, if anything Florida is probably more of a farce than anything, coastal states are renowned for Liberal elitism.  Only the elite could take what used to be the 5th largest economy in the world and bankrupt it with taxes and union pensions.  You are going to have to face the music now or later Tony, good people will continue to move to places they can afford to live.Take care.tony07242 months ago David I agree with you that politeness and kindness are not qualities that require much work, although if you drive the freeways of Los Angeles you might change your mind. And I hope California does not get a bailout. This Democratic dominated state needs a lesson in fiscal responsibility, as it is 40 million is spent a month on social programs here , money we borrowed from the Fed. I do however thank you for dropping in and sharing your thoughts.tony07242 months ago Jason there is not much I can argue with there. Even Florida had enough common sense to elect Marco Rubio and get rid of Alan Grayson.And like you said this is what happens when you have a Democratic dominated state Government like we do here. The only people who don't seem to know that live here. Thanks for coming by Jason.I am still holding out hope for us in the future, so I am gonna have to hang in California.pcoach2 months ago I feel your pain. Colorado was a let down this year but CA is ALWAYS a let down.  I don't know how you do it but I commend you. California needs people like you. I don't mean to sentence you to a future filled with liberals but you definitely bring some brains to the state!tony07242 months ago Thank you pcoach for the props. All I can say is that I sometimes feel like I am surrounded by insanity. But who knows what the future folds. Keep your chin up too !Mr Tindle2 months ago This was an entertaining hub Tony! I think you are very right. California just doesn't get it. They obviously don't understand the magnitude of their problems. The more the State Government tries to regulate the lives of every citizen and tax every business, the more unstable California will become.tony07242 months ago Mr. Tindle I do not know how far down we have to go before people in my beloved state finally wake up. And you touched on another important point. While our economy is the central issue, our legislators seem insistent on micromanaging every aspect of our lives , and at least for me that breeds some real resentment. I thank you for sharing your thoughts.jill of alltrades2 months ago Hi Tony,I am not really familiar with what is going on there and some names I of course heard over the news. Still I enjoyed the way you wrote this hub!Just dropped by to say hello!tony07242 months ago Jill God Bless you ! As you know you are and always have been my favorite photographer and you never fail to put a smile on my face . I plan on dropping in and checking your latest as well. Talk to you soon my friend.Ravaged Nation8 weeks ago In my opinion states that continue to elect democrats over and over again deserve to go bankrupt. Not a penny in tax revenue to dig them out of the hole they have dug themselves. Great Hubs get lots of comments. What California needs is to be taken off the federal teet.tony07248 weeks ago Ravaged Nation we are not gong bankrupt, we are bankrupt !When you are in the hole in the billions I don't know what else you call it. Our Democratic leaders need a lesson in budgeting. Thanks for  chiming in.Used Acoustic Gui8 weeks ago Had to read this just because the title was so funny!tony07248 weeks ago USG happy to have you drop by. I hope you enjoyed the article as much as you like the title.katiem28 weeks ago I agree with Einstein, Insanity indeed.  People have long been in office JUST collecting a pay check, having long lunches and head banger balls, doing NOTHING but same ole same ole.  The buddy system of the rich and greedy, if you ask me, just saying, these people aren't qualified to balance their own checkbooks.  Well Done Tony!  Keep on!  As I've said before you need to run for office, or can one person make a difference.  What a mess!  Peace :)glassvisage8 weeks ago That Einstein cartoon is great! I do enjoy living in California, but I do feel downtrodden when speaking to my friends in other states who do not pay such high costs of living, suffer these high billion-dollar deficits...tony07248 weeks ago My dear Katie I thank you for the political endorsement and believe me the sam ole is drivin me nuts ! If ever I do make a run for office I will have to insist that you be part of my advisory committee. Peace be with you my red headed friend !tony07248 weeks ago My dear Glassvisage please keep your chin up my young friend. Hang in there and if I may this is a lesson in what a Democrat dominated Government looks like. But I know that you are a very bright young lady and I am sure your future will be bright. Thank you for dropping by. O am always honored !k@ri8 weeks ago I've been trying to give myself a crash course in politics for the last year or so.  Your hubs help me.  Thanks!  :DBut...are you telling me that I came all the way across the states to live in the dumbest one?  :Ptony07248 weeks ago k@ri my friend , do yourself a favor and don't take the course in politics. It's really an ugly subject. And I hate to say this but yes you moved to the dumbest state in the union. But at least we have great weather ! :)cjv1237 weeks ago I lived in the San Fernando Valley for three years and two months. Three years and two months too long. When we drove away, I said I wouldn't even look in my rearview window when we drove away, and I didn't. That was back in the late 1980's and it was a mess then. I noted all the illegal aliens bloating the over taxed residents of L.A. and spoke out about the illegals over populating out schools and other related issues. I was called a racist. Ends up I was forward thinking. I kept saying California would not be able to afford the illegals in the public school system forever because they don't pay taxes - and I honestly think that is California's biggest problem. I think much of what California is facing today stems from this influx. But regardless - you obviously know your state here and give us a birds eye view -- with some humor I might add -- about why CA is stupid is as stupid does! Thanks for the good laugh!tony07247 weeks ago Carol I do have a tendency to go towards the tongue in cheek. And illegals have absolutely overburdened the state of California as well as the public employee unions. And that is why California is so deep in the red.So what do we do ? Re elect that same boneheads that got us here. Carol believe me you made the right move leaving !Mighty Mom7 weeks ago Hi Tony,Your pal from the beautiful state capital checking in.You know, I was really, really disappointed that Arnold was unable to achieve the change we voted him in to accomplish. Seems even the Terminator isn't strong enough to blast through our state government!Well, we do live in interesting times, that's for sure.I wasn't here for Jerry Brown's previous governorship.But I must say I'm very glad we're not having Meg as our first female governor.I wonder if her housekeeper has been deported yet!Oh -- one last comment. I am surprised that as a conservative in SD you have to eat by yourself. I thought everyone in SD (except my radical friend Gail) had an "R" next to their name, no?Cheers. Good rant, BTW. MMtony07247 weeks ago MM good evening to you my northern Cal friend.The problem with Sacramento is that it has been Democrat dominated for as long as I can remember. So any Republican trying to get any type of business done up there will be immediately blocked. We have our own little party of no here. And Whitman was a weak candidate for sure. I guess California would rather stick with the known instead of the unknown. Jerry Brown signed the legislation that let public service employees unionize and now the results are apparent. And actually San Diego county is more conservative then LA or San Francisco. It is my feeling that this new round of elected officials will give us the final push over the cliff. Glad you enjoyed the hub MM.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites95tony0724From san diego calif670 Followers117 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by tony0724Contact tony0724Follow tony0724Subscribe to tony0724's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk tony0724 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsShould I vote for Meg Whitman or Jerry Brown?asked by Paul Edmondson 2 months ago17 answersAnswer this questionIf Californians pass Prop 19 November 2, will entrepreneurs start producing Hemp Fuel for cars?asked by Realtorista 5 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsMEG WHITMAN COULDN'T BUY THE GOVERNORSHIPby AbecedarianNews of the week - Or give back the Oscar Al !by tony0724California Governor Race 2010 - Who to Choose Meg Whitman...by ecogginsJerry Brown Calls Meg Whitman a Hoerby Ghost32Meg Whitman and the Illegal Alien Immigrantby perryaGloria Allred versus Meg Whitman is only the tip of the...by OpinionDuck Elections and Voter Turnout ForumTopicRepliesPerfect Storm Could Elect Palin as POTUS!posted by Mighty Mom10Psst........., YOU'RE asking the wrong question!posted by IntimatEvolution27Would you ratherposted by Petra Vlah12Post a new topic6 more topics Tagsobama california senate elections conservatives mcdonalds Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.179 sec)  working