Bitterness in the face of ForgivenessHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsReligion and PhilosophyThe Role of Religion in History and SocietyReligion, Culture, and SocietyBitterness in the face of ForgivenessBitterness in the face of Forgiveness72rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy IntimatEvolutionMy Mother, and the two amigos!My brother Myles.  I let him live in my house when he had nothing.  I potty trained him too.My Brother's wife Christy, constant hater and jealous person.My sister Krystal, well lets just say functional alcoholic for now.Krystal and her suck up husband, Matt Something everyone should realize is that child abuse can occur in any family.  That a family does not have to be black or Latino, and they don't have to be dirt poor either.  Child abuse, abandonment, and neglect can even come from the typical all-American family.   Take mine for instance, don't they look so lovely all together, warm and touchy feely?  Well trust me, they are anything but the sort.  As many of my fans, and fellow hubbers already know, I'm not one who writes emotional, heartfelt hubs.   I'm not the type of writer who pours their heart and soul out in this way.  However, lately I have had yet another encounter with these people featured here.  It was the same old awakening confrontation I get every time, these so called "lovely" individuals interrupt my life.  My step father who is not featured amongst the tyrants, liars, and hypocrites here, reached out to me yesterday.  Bruce is growing older, and not feeling any younger these days.  He too, like my biological father Earl Best, have health ailments that are now making them think of amending abused relationships, and just wanting to spend the rest of their lives in harmony with mine.  Wishful thinking on their part, but I respect Bruce's honesty. Bruce and I had a very complicated and difficult relationship, when I was growing up.  There for a time in the 1990's, all the way up to 2004- Bruce and I were okay.  I won't go into the horrible eventful details, that would soon divide Bruce and I again.  Nevertheless, he as an individual has always been true to himself, and has never "changed his spots" for nobody.  My family was in a great massive divide when my beloved husband of ten years, hung himself one Wednesday morning at our family lumberyard, just sometime after dawn.  Though Bruce and I were not talking at the time, I called him that morning to ask him for help in finding my mentality ill sweetheart.  I remember clearly saying to my step father, "Bruce I know you hate me now, but I know Bucky's dead somewhere.  Please help me find him."  Click went the telephone, and I was soon off and on my way to find my precious love.  At 7:22am, I somehow broke the deadbolt and rattled the large gates opened, that led to our family's back section of the business.  Needless to say, there he was.  My husband, best friend and father of my son had hung himself between a pile of sheetrock and insulation materials.  He weighed over two hundred pounds, so his dead weight had actually caused the rope to stretch.  When I turned the corner and saw him, his knees were buckled, and he was leaning on a 4x4 support post.  I tried........., oh I tried to lift his body.  But he was dead, and there was no moving a 200+ size man of dead weight.  I remember his body was warm to the touch.  I know he had only just recently departed this world, abandoning me and our son.  His hands, my my his hands.  I'll never forget how purple they were from all the blood clotting inside them.  They were naturally swollen, and........, a dark purplish black.  My stepfather Bruce soon arrived behind me, about fifteen minutes after me or so.  Just enough time for me to kiss my beloved, and scream to God, "why?"I tell you this tale because Bruce and I share a common bond.  Bucky was not only his step son in-law, but his best friend.  Though the darkness of death shadow over Bucky's body, one could see that he found peace before he departed.  I have to say seeing my husband hanging there, was probably the most horrific event I've ever seen- but without a doubt- the most precious and beautiful thing that has ever caught my stare.  I wouldn't let my mother, Barbara Proctor, see Bucky that day.  She didn't deserve to see his peace, and she didn't deserve to have an emotional bond with me.  In that regards, I'm so glad I had enough strength to hold her back, and stand up to her and tell her no.  She didn't deserve him or me, at that time in our lives.  She had wickedly abandoned me as a daughter and had allowed me to be victimized by my step father, her friends, and yes my siblings.  It is as if she fed me to the wolves.  Why?  It was the same old reason she had abandoned me before time and time again, MONEY and JEALOUSY.  After Bucky's passing, my life went terribly down hill.  I had virtually no family support, or help getting through this tragic time in my life.  I did bad things to myself. I fell heavily into drugs, crack cocaine to be exact.  I wanted to die.  I was in and out of mental hospital's, three times.  My mother only visited me once, and never in the others.  My siblings- nah, they didn't bother either.  Why?  They were too busy making plans on how to have Zachary legally taken away from me.  They were too busy lying to him, and telling him I was unfit as a mother, and that I didn't love him.  Time and time again, I would confront them about this, and time and time again- it was I who did all the work, and forgave them for what they were doing to me.Then one day, my son comes to me again and says, Grandma Barb says I'm to lie to you about something.  He asks in his innocence voice, "Mommy Grandma Barb told me to lied for her about a trip.  So when you find out, do I get in trouble and not her?"  You can imagine my fury. Moreover again, it is one of the typical tales and adventures with the Proctor clan and I.  That go back long and deep to their never ending cruelty and hate.  Which has always been directed towards me.  I simply had to put a stop to it.  I was taking 48 pills a day for anxiety, depression, psychosis, and on and on. Something had to be done.  I used some of my mother's own tactics on her one day, to prove a point to Zachary and to my new husband Michael.  Michael was having a hard time believing me, and my stories about my "loving family."  So........., I called her up on day out of the blue and said to her, "Zach and I need you mom.  Michael has kicked us out and I have no money, no groceries, no cash."  Her blood curling response was, "Julie, I can't ask Bruce, and I can't give you money without his permission."  I said okay, but I also reminded her on how he gives money to Krystal for every little thing; like $600.00 to pay off one of her bar tabs, and also $3500.00 to get her out of 2 DUI's and 1 potential drug charge, back from her college days at SMSU.  Barbs response back to me was, "Julie, you know he'll think its just a waste of time and money, and  I won't go to him."  Waste of time.  A waste of money.  Of course, not being at all surprised by her answer said, "Thank you mom."    I knew that would be her response.  It was the same response I got every time as a child I needed tampons or a new pair of shoes.  Still however, she had finally showed my husband, and her grandson Zachary who she really was.  And, I hadn't talked to her since- until yesterday.  It has been almost three years since I've seen Barb, Krystal, or that wench Christy.  Christy constantly tries to sneak behind my back, and spreads lies about me and Zach.  Zach is 15.  What has he ever done to her, I wonder?  Oh I know- not believe in her loud mouth bullshit.  She actually had the gall to tell Zachary one Christmas, that he needs to keep all his toys at her house, because I would only tear them up.  Ridiculous, I know.  But this is how this individual gets her tickles and kicks out of life. Creepy. She's a very creepy individual. With the very little amount that you know of me and my son's family history with the "Proctor Clan,"(as they are known to us and Michael) last night like I said, my step dad reached out to me.  Of course I boo-hoo'd and cried.  We have an everlasting kinship, a bond if you will, and with that said, I love him.  We had agreed to make arrangements to meet and all that, and got a lot of junk off our chests.  I feel no bitterness towards him, and I forgive him for his actions.  As well as he forgave me for mine.  When my family harms me, I lash out in the most devilish ways.  So I have alot of "reaction" actions, that needed to apologize for myself.  I was raised by J. W. and Peggy Proctor mostly, along with my grandmother Mildred and Grandpa Joe Dawson.  The one thing that I was taught, that apparently was not taught to my siblings was integrity.  If I'm wrong, I'm wrong.  I've never had a problem admitting my mistakes and making amends for my actions.  Bruce, having been raised by J. W. and Peggy,  is the only one in the family that takes responsibility for their part, and at least has the integrity to admit fault.  About nine o'clock last night, I called my mother.  I thought to myself, "Julie maybe it would do some good to reach out to her."  Bruce had fed me a sad sob story about how she is sorry, and loves me and Zachary, and blah, blah, blah.  Well............, needless to say she still cannot face reality of the wrong doings of her actions.  She refuses to make amends or atone for her abandonment, cruelty, and hypocritical behavior.  I've come to the conclusion, since I know her better than anyone, she has some mental issues herself.  And, instead of being accountable for her own behavior- has manipulated those around her in thinking they are the ones with problems.  Sad when you think about it.  At last though, I told her all the things she has missed.  Zachary is her only grandson, and seriously wants nothing to do with her.  Of course the family blames me for keeping Zachary away from them, but what they don't realize is that it has been Zachary's wishes that I protect him for them.  He is heart broken over how they treated him after his daddy's death.  He is heart broken, because he knows what true love is.  He is fully aware that if someone told me I couldn't see my granddaughters, well I'd be camped out on their front lawn till I saw them.  He is angry because they are too cowardly to face my bitterness and confront my wrath of feelings.  He knows I would, if that is what it took to see him or anyone I love.  My son is tired of their games.  He has a friend since birth, and he and Hunter were best friends.  That is until last summer, when my sister in-law kept texting Hunter's cell phone asking for Zach's whereabouts and if there was any way to get away from me, so she could talk to Zach.  That was last year.  Zachary hasn't spoken to Hunter since then really.  He doesn't want to have to deal with my family, their games and listen to them say horrible things about me.  See, what I don't think they realize is that all their lies, and the fact that they were trying to steal him away from me- had a profound impact on him.  He was eleven when they started playing their games.  He had just lost a father to suicide and now- they were telling him they were going to take him away from his only living parent.  How crazy is that?  Seriously, if I were Zach I would have been scared shitless.  I wouldn't want anything to do with anybody, who played apart in that nightmare.As for myself, I am a good mother.  My son speaks French fluently, in the best high jumper on his track team, is sought after to play football for the Columbia Colts, makes the A or B honor roll each time..........  Does that sound like he has a bad, unfit mother?  He doesn't roam the streets at night, has never been trouble in school, and actively volunteers his own time to teach youngsters for a church group (and Zach hates church), how to play basketball.  He was even a volunteer as basketball coach this winter, for a seven year neighbor kid, whose team needed a coach.  That right there speaks volumes as to my character as a mother.  I've made it my personal goal in life to be the opposite of my mother, and to raise my son in a trusting, loving atmosphere.  That is more than I was ever provided by her.Well in my attempt to reach out, my bitterness and personal hate for her overwhelmed the conversation.  I personally felt better afterwards.  I was elated for finally getting everything off my chest.  I haven't felt this free in a very long time.  I am successfully moving along with my life.  I am a 4.0 student, and top in my surgical technology class.  I have raised and am raising a beautiful young man.  I live in a top notch neighborhood, and have surrounded myself with good solid people.  However, my life as Barbara Proctor's first child, has damaged me severely in some areas.  The pain is overwhelming when I try to possibly work it out, it is simply beyond repair.  I'm not real social anymore, and I trust no one.  Not even my husband, and best friend Molly.  I trust no one.  There is nothing bubbly about me anymore.  I look to harden, and feel to much pain to be bubbly like I once was.  My passion for life, and the thrill of living has all but faded into darkness.  So far out of reach it is,  I now look upon the world through cynical eyes, and I find myself questioning my belief in God more and more each day.For me, it is like I cannot seem to get past the question, that has yet to be answered, "Why God?  Why all this on me?"  I'm so bitter about my family, that I cannot forgive them.  I cannot face the mighty power of forgiveness- without feeling the might of the bitterness inside me first.   You know, families are not suppose to hurt family.  However my family allows members of my mother's family, and my brother in-law and sister in-law to hurt me constantly.  I'm the original member of Barb's family.  I'm the first born.  Where is my birthright, and why isn't it honor by those married into the family?  She has never held up for me.  She has never bothered to protect me.  And yet, it is my fault my family is divided?  It is my fault because I'm bitter, and cannot trust anymore?  How does one actually face their bitterness in the face of forgiveness?  Trust in God?  With my history, lets just agree that that really is not a good option.  Zachary, himself stop believing in God long ago.  He prides himself on being a Atheist.  And you know- he does a better job at being Christ-like, than do most of the so called Christians I was raised with. I leaning more and more onto the reality that God doesn't exist, but the practically and spiritual logic of a Buddhist lifestyle, is the most realistic.  My dearest and most belove friend I have ever known, Molly is a devote Catholic.  She constantly prays for me, each and every day.  I love Molly as a friend, like I never loved a friend before.  She has helped me open my heart again, and is there for me when my demons get the best of me.  However, she is the only person I give any time too.  She was there when Bruce called me yesterday.   So what is a practical answer to forgiveness and healing?  Therapy?  I have had the head of the University of Missouri's psychiatric departments chief doctor tell me, I'm the worse abandonment and abuse case he has ever interviewed.  My story was video taped, and is used at the medical facility as a training tape.  Crazy I know, but at least he declared ME sane.  I think that was a pivotal turning point in my life.  He simply diagnosed me as being severely depressed.  He took me off all that medication, of course slowly and prescribe Effexor, Xanax, Trazadone and a B vitamin instead.  Finally I was down to 7 pills, instead of 48.  Now I only take Effexor for anxiety, blood pressure meds cause I'm fat, and Trazadone to wort off the endless stream of nightmares, I suffer through each and every night.  Nevertheless, this doctor uses the training tape of me, to show fellow residents the power of positive aggression.  What that means is; how powerful the need to survive, can will an injured individual to positive aggressive behavior, in order to survive.  I'm proof positive evidence to that basic human instinct; people everyday turn their grievances into making them a stronger person, hence to survive.  I guess my tape will show future doctors, how to help someone like me, on that right path, and not bombard these patients with crazy psychosis diagnoses, such as Borderline Personality Disorder.   My mother thought I had BPD, and she thinks she is co-dependent.  My doctor laughed, and gave me a card to have her call him.  I share this, because it was one small victory in my eyes, when it comes to my mother. However putting that story aside;  I cannot go any further with these people who are supposedly my family.  I have murderous feelings at times, when I have a nightmare or flashback about my life.  And that murderous hate or feelings doesn't come from my abuse, but it generally comes up when my son is in my flashback, and see the pain they have caused him.  Its like with most of us who love our children.  If someone hurts, beats, or molested your child- the first thing most parents want to do is kill.  Well, I have those feelings towards my sister, Matt, Myles, Barb and Christy.  They have no clue the harm they done to us.  And that enrages me.  I don't know how to move past the bitterness and anger, and grant them forgiveness.  A forgiveness, I don't think any of them of deserve.  They are too selfish, and with that said, I'm at a loss when it comes to my faith.  I honestly don't think there is a God.  They are living proof that he doesn't exist.Thank you for reading my one and only self pity, sob story.  Since I no longer have a family to communicate with, hubpages has become my creative outlet.  I cherish each and everyone of you fellow fans and hubbers.  Take care of your family, and those family members around you.  Because a family lacking integrity is a family doomed to fail.  Don't be like my family.  Don't harm the ones your are suppose to protect and love.  Especially when you are dealing with problems like these as adults.  Mothers and Fathers- remember that it is the 40 yr old CHILD or whatever age, who needs to ask to be forgiven by.  Not the other way around.  Like my family, Barb is the mother- I'm the child.  I don't have to do anything to help her, support her, or make things right between us.  I'm the child.  That is a parents job to do.Zachary's Poem and Child Abuse FactsZachary's PoemWhen my son wrote this he was thirteen. It is about his dad. His father committed suicide when Zachary was nine years old. I didn't realize he felt this way. It is amazing what can be...Child Abuse On the Rise  Intimate EvolutionThis article reminds us that for every 10 seconds in America, a child abuse incident is documented. The actual number of child abuse incidents is closer to 3 times that of the national...vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny (1)Awesome Beautiful Commentsno body8 months ago Julie, you probably won't believe this but I think I somewhat understand and would listen should you ever wish to talk. I send you my love, and friendship. I know you feel cleansed by what you wrote and I pray you find peace. Bob.kimberlyslyrics8 months ago girl;. I trust no one. There is nothing bubbly about me anymore. I look to harden, and feel to much pain to be bubbly like I once was. My passion for life, and the thrill of living has all but faded into darkness. So far out of reach it is, I now look upon the world through cynical eyes, and I find myself questioning my belief in God more and more each daybelieve me I gt it.  Can't respond here.  Let me dry my eyes and email you betterso proud of you and thank you for sharing.  I know how difficult that is.you are not alone.KimberlyI'm sending a mail.IntimatEvolution8 months ago Kimberly, Bob, I love you.  And thank you for understanding.  I wish they would.katiem28 months ago I lost my sister, baby sister and it still stings, and I lost a best friend as we were repelling on a Sunday afternoon, I watched above as his rope snapped and he feel to his death, This is a moving and reflective moment for me, I now feel a clinching in my throat and leave with that.  PEACE :)P.S. To say the least, very well written...IntimatEvolution8 months ago Katiem2, all my love my friend.  All my love.  I never meant to hurt you by writing out my life's story.  Apparently it has touched you in a place, that is so precious, that I feel stupid for publishing it at all.  However, please understand that I know each and everyone of us has our own unique stories.  This is my story.  You should write your story.  Much love kiddo- much love. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO'slorlie68 months ago You have come a long way, my friend.  It may be that you come from a horribly dysfunctional and abusive family, but you have changed that in raising a successful and bright son, holding him close-no matter what.  And you are a brilliant student, and seem to have broken through, somehow.  Even though you speak of no feelings, your writing reflects much caring and passion-may you continue to be the victor!IntimatEvolution8 months ago Thanks lorlie6, that is a great outlook.  Your words have touched my heart, and mindset.  Thank you.mevsmyself8 months ago your story is very inspirational. I know it must have been a horrifying experience, but the way you have come out of it is so inspiring. Our families are the only support that we have in tough times and in your case, your family was the one giving you tough times. And you still managed to handle it and become a great mother. You should be proud of yourself.customastrocharts8 months ago I'm sorry luv.  Bad things happen to good people. I'm glad you are ok, though.IntimatEvolution8 months ago MEVS.,and Custom., Thank you for your enlightening words.  Me, I am proud of myself.  And, thank you for letting that be ok to say.  My son had no idea I was on drugs.  Only found out on my 2yr. drug-free anniversary last Oct. 2009.  Of course, it will be my 3 yr. Oct.26th, 2010.  With that all noted, you know my son didn't have a clue.  He had all the food he needed, never went without clothing-I did, but he had all the latest styles.  He had his own TV, games- you name it- my son had it.  During my crack addiction, which cost me approx. over $400,000+ dollars with the bank records to prove it; I had and still have great health insurance for him, paid for him to participate in extra. sports clubs and activities.  Like I said, he had no clue.  He told me last year, that one day he noticed that I wasn't so clouded, and that my pace had slow down.  He wanted to why I was getting fat and lazy?  Funny I know..........The only thing my son is fully aware of is that I WAS, and at times still an emotional wreck.  None of my so called friends before Bucky's death stayed around, and no family support- I cried, screamed, cried, slept, cried, screamed...., well you get the picture.  But I was locked in my own room, so when I screamed "Why?", Zach would not see the anguish.  However, he has.  Sometimes it was too overwhelming to bear, so my anguish could release itself anywhere.You can imagine how scared my son was when the clan, started whispering words of "Live with me, Zach..."  I kept his life as normal as I could, so those whisper which soon turned to flat out statements- scared the poop-poop out my son.So yeah, I'm proud myself.  Because my son has always came first.  He has only been spanked maybe three times in his life.  And, when I would spank- I'd quietly tell him that, "he has to get a spanking now and that I love him."  See I was hit a lot, and hard.  It was SOOOOOOOO much harder on me to spank Zach.  I'd be crying while spanking him- he be saying it's okay mom.  (He only got two swats on the butt.  I couldn't handle more than that.)I'll never forget his last spanking.  He was 10.  After the two swats, he turned around and hug me and said,"Mom I was bad for running off.  I needed to be spanked. It's okay, you didn't hurt me anyways." We both started laughing.  But there we were, and here he was a 10 yr. kid, comforting his mother after one of my notorious spankings.I love my son.  I love my son so much.  I love him.  And to do any less than a thousand percent for him, well that's just not logical in my book.  For that I am proud of myself.Sorry for the long rant, Custom your words were just as touching as Me's were.  I thank you again for you enlighten remarks.BJBenson8 months ago I know your story very well.I was lucky and married an Air Force guy and moved away. He will be retiring soon and we don't plan to return to any where our family lives.I also take trazodone and I can't sleep with out it.I just wanted you to know you aren't alone. Having met a lot of other people being a military wife.So many had family problems that it blew my mind. I learned quickly I wasn't alone. This may of helped me deal with my family.That old saying you can pick your friends but not your relatives. I don't trust anyone but myself, because I know I can depend on me and the Lord.My prayers have been answered too many times for me not to believe. But I am not a church goer. NO,way.I don't know if your pain will ever go away, or how forgiveness will truly ever come for you.But don't ever let any of those people control you by letting them upsetting you any more. Please don't give them the power.Some times a long rant as you called is good for the soul!Good luck to you the ones you love.IntimatEvolution8 months ago Oh my goodness, I could never be a military wife.  But thank you for your service and your husband's service to this country of ours.  My heart is with you.  Much love to you, for all that you have had to sacrifice in the name of love and country.You make a great point- I do give them power by letting them upset me.  I do.  And well damn it.  Now that I can see that, I have a true sense of what I need to work on.  Thank you for that.  Julieetadjidine@yahoo.com8 months ago i like its.,.,BJBenson8 months ago I am glad you agree with me. For me it was best turning point in my life. Taking your power back will make you feel so good. I asked my husband what he thought and he said when I was able to do it , I became a new person. Good Luck, my new friend. BeckyIntimatEvolution8 months ago Thanks Beckytfhodge8 months ago You did yourself a profound service by pouring out your feelings in the form of words.  I am certain because I know the pain of losing someone very close.  Thanks for sharing.IntimatEvolution8 months ago Thank you tfhodge, thank you so much.  I hope so.IntimatEvolution8 months ago Just to let everyone know- my hub is back on again.  I guess a family member of mine complained.  Typical!!! However, thanks to everyone and their personal emails to me.  I've been so freaking busy this last week, that I know I haven't emailed many of you back.  It's not that I am ignoring you, or don't appreciate your words of wisdom- I'm just overloaded.  Very overloaded!  I've had tests on pediatrics, neurology, cardiovascular, my son has had track meets, Michael is back home, my real father is in the hospital, my best friends grandmother died today, and the list goes on, and on.  So please know that I love each and everyone of you- it's just I cannot keep up right now.  Everytime I go to my email lately, someone has flagged my hubs now, so you know all the work that involves, and then there is NO time left to go through the rest of my emails and respond.  So I'm sorry.  I'm exhausted, and dishearten right now a little. Please just bear with me.  Xooooooooooo'sMagicStarER8 months ago I understand you from the heart.  I lived through something pretty much the same or worse.  The way it got better for me was to comprehend that the ones who did the abusive or neglectful acts had probably been abused as children themselves and that they were not capable of understanding what they were doing, nor of doing better.  I can't say I forgive it all, probably never will be able to do that.  But at least I was able to give it a closure of some sort like this.  And like you, mine continue with the harassment and hurtful crap.  I have had to stop having any contact with several of them.  Sad, maybe, but necessary for my own peace and quiet.  You are very fortunate & blessed to have your son who loves you.  Don't let these people deter you from knowing God.  God is the source of all love and everything that is good. People who do evil and are selfish and greedy, the reason they do these things is because they have rejected him.  So don't let that happen to you, too!  I think there is a reason that we go through these things, to give us the awareness that we are not like that, and to comprehend that we receive the goodness and strength that is in us from God, and not from this world.  God can cleanse all, and heal all.  Turn them over to God and let Him deal with them.  That is what I have done.  It is a relief.  Hope this helps in any small way. Trust me, I know the hurt that lives on for a lifetime and its effects.  Sending love to you and your basketball player!  :)IntimatEvolution8 months ago It is so hard to trust in God.  I've been leaning on him for six years now, and more punishment is the only thing he has given me.  I feel like Job.  However, I'm not Job and God isn't the same God that he was back then.  I will say this though, I have had an overwhelming calm and peace fall over me these pass few days.  I feel loved and calm.  I cannot explain it.  But it has renewed me a little.  As you can tell with the first part of my comment here, I'm a little tired of God. I'm so ready to give up on God.  I cannot take anymore of this suffering, pain and out an out bullshit.  Those people are crazy-and they make me crazier.But then again, this renewness; this peace and calm......., well it has to be coming from somewhere.  I thank you all for every blessed prayer said for me.  Because I think I just might be feeling the power of prayer.  I'm humbled.  Thank you MagicStar for your beautiful comments, your help and for sharing with me and the rest of the world, your story.  Thank you.Azaria8 months ago You don't always have to believe in God, but, choose a higher power to direct you, and guide you through the pains in life. You will find that you have a strength within in you. Use that strength for each new day. People only have the power that you allow them to have over you. Best wishes to you in your journey!!IntimatEvolution8 months ago Thank you for this advice.Deborah Demander7 months ago Hi Julie.This must have been painful to write. I understand. It wasn't until I was in my late thirties, that I realized that I needed to forgive my parents, for me. I called my mom, whom I hadn't spoken to in twelve years, and said, " I forgive you for being a crappy mom. You did the best you knew how at the time."Needless to say, she was mad and said she didn't need my forgiveness. But I needed to forgive her for me, so I could move on. I never actually called my "father". Tooo hard. What I did do was have a conversation with God (or it could be with any higher power). I realized that, for all intents and purposes, I never had the kind of dad a kid should have, and he would never be a dad for me, or a granddad for my kids. I had to let go.  I forgave him, and just let him go. It is hard, but oh so freeing. Realize that your family, your mom, will never be a mom to you. You and she will never have a good relationship. And let go. Forgive her and forget her.  Not for the rest of your life. Just for this moment. In this moment, find peace within yourself, for you and Zach.For Zach, you are a terrific mom, a much better mom than you ever had. And that is a blessing to him.Namaste.pradanugs7 months ago You sound like you need to fix this.  You will never be yourself until you face your inner demons... you were strong enough to beat an addiction... you can be strong enough to fix this with your family.  you need them, your son needs them.  Reach out!  Extend an olive branch and see what happens!  Deep down I'm sure you love them and miss them.  The path of least resistance is to give up, throw in the towel... and blog about it.  The hardest path is to face it, head on, and fix it.  You can do it!pradaIntimatEvolution7 months ago Prada, I don't think I can.  I don't have the strength.  Thanks for the advice though, I'll give it some thought.  But I'm also of the opinion, it is THEM who be trying to fix things.IntimatEvolution3 months ago Well I just found out that my mom has recently move to Idaho, lives with a traveling salesman named Bob.  Amazing.  I have ran out of emotions.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites92IntimatEvolutionFrom Columbia, MO USA397 Followers93 HubsJoined 21 months agoRead more hubs by IntimatEvolutionContact IntimatEvolutionFollow IntimatEvolutionSubscribe to IntimatEvolution's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk IntimatEvolution a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsThe annals of human history is filled with war and bloodshed and misery Do you think there be peace?asked by Kenny MG 16 months ago12 answersAnswer this questionToyota accidents. Driver's own fault?asked by samman 5 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsGOD WANTS YOU TO FORGIVEby MACACHTreating Your Post-Holiday Hangoverby Mighty MomWhy not love me anymore being defriended on the facebook of...by katiem2How to Cope with a BreakUpby lindagoffiganRant: Once A Cheat Always A Cheatby RenaissanceHow to Help a Chemically-Dependent Loved Oneby Jenna Pope Religion, Culture, and Society ForumTopicReplieswho goes to hell?posted by jomine326did Jesus love his enemies?posted by jomine91If "Faith Alone" saves, can Satan be saved?posted by Castlepaloma317Post a new topic12 more topics Tagsfamily relationships religion faith parenting parents Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.26 sec)  working