Help with drug abuse teens and pharmingHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingTeensAdvice and Tips for Parents of TeensHelp with drug abuse teens and pharmingHelp with drug abuse teens and pharming74rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy katiem2Help with drug abuse teens and pharmingA hot new drug culture called Pharming (slang for pharmaceutical parties) is on the rise among teens. This new trend is just as damaging if not more so than the recreation drug abuse of the past. It requires no sneaky meetings with dealers, yet kids score high quality mind blowing drugs readily available in every home. Teens are now having Pharm Parties, you may have heard of it and thought it couldnt happen in your home and yet think twice. Few adults have a firm grasp as to the reality of this new crime being swept under the rugcareful you may find a few loose pills while under there! Its real, Its happening and you need to know about it. Its called Pharming. Help with drug abuse teens and pharmingHelp with drug abuse teens and pharmingPharming is flying right over the heads of many adults missing this serious threat. Many a innocent teen may think it won't hurt to try just once. Prevention is always better than intervention and treatment. You can protect your child from future rehab, detox and recovery of drug abuse by taking a good honest look at this troubling reality on the rise. Parents of young girls often feel they would never be pulled into something as dangerous as pharming. Most every parent who has faced this issue with their daughters failed to understand the transition girls go through and the influence young men can have on them. Don't under estimate the power of the opposite sex, it happens to every living breathing human. Don't blow this off as impossible, talk about it, let your children know your aware of it. This alone is very powerful.Help With Drug Abuse - Teens and PharmingHair Confirm Hair Follicle Multi-Drug Test Kit, Regular, 1 kitAmazon Price: $43.95List Price: $64.99How to Become SmarterAmazon Price: $0.99The Last Fix: an Addict's Passage from Hell to HopeAmazon Price: $24.99List Price: $25.00Rapid Response Strep-A Test Kit (STR-15S25) RR 25 Strips/BoxAmazon Price: $32.99INSTANT Single Panel Drug Test Kit - Test For THC (marijuana) - 10 pkAmazon Price: $6.55First Check Products - First Check - Marijuana Drug Test Kit, 1 Each - Sold As 1 Each - Fast and accurate. - Allows testing in the privacy of your home or office. - Provides results in five minutes.Amazon Price: $9.99List Price: $29.45Teens and DrugsHelp with drug abuse teens and pharmingSWAP MEETS Teens gather together as spontaneously as you might stop for coffee with a friend. Many kids have access to parent-less homes after school. They come together wherever they can and experiment with prescription drugs they pick up oh just about anywhere. Finding the drugs is part of the game or challenge. Kids find them in the houses of family, friends and yes I said their own homes, taking handfuls of prescription drugs left in medicine cabinets, bathrooms, old purses, travel bags, or other, they seek them out. This becomes a challenging hide and seek game that gives bragging rights to the best seeker. See Pharming First HandHelp with drug abuse teens and pharmingMost commonly the drugs are crushed and snorted giving a more sensational and overwhelming rush or high than just swallowing them. OxyContin is a popular drug that has similar affects as heroin. Teens crush it and mix the powder with water injecting themselves. They blend crushed drugs with marijuana and smoke it. Teens quickly become addicted to drugs and may soon seek out cocaine and speed. You should know a quick addiction can easily take hold of your teen and lead them down a twisted path of substance abuse and addiction. The driving need for teens to meet their growing dependence on these drugs places huge peer pressure on the group to score more drugs. They become indebted to one another each time one scores for the other fronting them drugs. Fronting means I give you this now and you owe me more of the same later.Help with drug abuse teens and pharmingHelp with drug abuse teens and pharmingGetting Help With Drug AbuseLISTEN AND LEARNThe availability of drugs is great and bigger than you know, kids can get very creative. The first thing you should do is keep all prescription drugs under lock and key. This is how the abuse starts, with parents who keep drugs out in the open providing easy access. Take opportunities to talk about pharming by mentioning you've heard of it. This creates an open dialogue between you and your child making them aware youre open to discuss such issues and even more importantly that you know the language. Dont wait untill your children are teens. Its a good rule to explain to your kids the affects of taking other peoples medication and the consequences early on. Dont tune your kids out, hear what they have to say about the topic and ask questions. Let them know you like to learn from them as well, kids like to teach too. Most often they will talk. Ask daily how their day went and what happened. Dont be judgmental of the things they share with you and be careful not to put their friends down. Your kids will shut down and stop telling you things that are vital for you to know if you do this.Katie Couric on Help With Drug Abuse - Teens and PharmingHelp with drug abuse teens and pharmingKids tune out lectures so take advantage of teachable moments like getting your prescriptions filled, or cleaning out the medicine cabinet. Take the chance during these moments to casually bring up the harmful affects of drugs. You may point it out during a commercial as they give a long list of side affects. Mention something like, imagine what that would do to someone if they accidentally took too much, or to soon. Plus point out how bad the side affects are from only taking as prescribed. This will make them think and give them food for thought anytime someone tries to persuade them to pharm.If you notice your kids showing special attention to prescription drugs it may mean they have a friend that has brought it up and may be abusing themselves. Any time you notice this give them the facts casually and without alarm. Explain to your child that taking just one unknown pill is very dangerous and remind them of the commercials and adverse side affects they speak of. The first step is awareness and knowledge which will empower you to help your teens stay healthy and drug free. Remember although this is an alarming fact and you love your children more than life, be that calm, careful and safe place your child can turn to for anything. Help with drug abuse teens and pharmingThe author of this publication, Katie McMurray owns the copyright to Help With Drug Abuse - Teens and Pharming. The rights to publish this article in print or online can only be granted by contacting me the author in writing. You may use the intro and link back to the article directing the reader back to this HubPages post where they may find the story in it's entirety. Thank You!Much Love and success, KatieThe Hot Trends in Wii Video Games For Christmas 2010Christmas is just around the corner and nows the time to stock up on all the hot new trends for gamers this Christmas. You dont want to be running around all over town rushing to beat the crowd for the...Best Gifts on Christmas List is The Hot New Nintendo DSi XL and Best DS Games for 2010Your kid no doubt owns a Nintendo DS or wants one, as always the best new games are a Christmas gift favorite for all kids young and old alike. All you need to know now is the best new games for the DS this...Buy the hot new trendy Vera Bradley totes bags and accessoriesI was introduced to Vera Bradley totes, bags and accessories by my eleven year old daughter. She was just about to enter middle school and she is one little up to date fashion diva. She told me she needed a...Ed Hardy Totes Satchels Purses Backpacks and Shoulder BagsAt a family reunion I noticed the teens wearing a lot of tee shirts and totes bags and purses that reminded me of the past. I couldn't put my finger on it but I'm sure you will as well once you see the latest...Guitar Great Jimi Hendrix Guitar Legend Learn To Play GuitarFun Things For Teens To Do This SummerGet Help For Teens Who Drink - A Tribute to Alice FayeTo Give or Not to Give Your Child an Allowance - Teach Kids About Moneyvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (3)Funny Awesome (1)Beautiful health and wellness: Recover from surgery caught off guard by illnesshealth and wellness: Cancer proof your home body and future avoid cancerCommentsTeddletonmr8 months ago Drug abuse is and has been a problem for teens, thanks for your helpfull insite.katiem28 months ago Mike, Your welcome and thanks for passing this along to all the Scouting Families, I sent a link to your email... Teens and Pharming Drugs is a big issue and yes your right it's alive and well.  Knowledge is power thanks for passing it on.  Peace :)habee8 months ago Excellent hub! As a teacher of teens, I saw the results of drug abuse way too many times. The kids don't believe they'll get addicted, but many do. Sad.katiem28 months ago habee, Thanks so much for visiting the Pharming Drugs Hub. Your supportive comments are a great contribution.  Peace :)lorlie68 months ago Hi Katie-I had no idea there was a term used for this.  Well, I suppose I was that age one-long, long ago!-and would have given this a 'cool' name.Unfortunately I have been a prescription drug abuser much of my life by 'doctor shopping,' etc.  I've been clean and sober 10 months now from everything-and 9 days sober from cigarettes today!!!Now I'm one of those people I'd never hang out with, don't drink, don't smoke, and certainly don't pharm.Thanks for the wake-up call!Phil Dapple8 months ago Nice Article. The most common problem with the young generation are the drugs that are available. The bigger problem is the parents that do the drugs around the young children. "monkey see, monkey do." Common, give them a chance. Great Hub.katiem28 months ago lorlie,  Good to see you here today and thanks for your powerful contribution to the Help With Drug Abuse Teens and Pharming.  I have a very close friend who's a recovering addict.  She struggles with just flat out addiction period and I undertand the struggle.  My most positive thoughts remain with you.  I have a theory, replace the addictions you don't want with those that are good or better for you.You keep on keeping on!  Thanks and Peace :)Phil Dapple,  Thanks for your comment and support of the Teen Drug Hub, your insights are helpful and honest.  Now more than ever adults abuse prescription drugs as well.  I've read a great deal about Mothers getting hooked on their childrens Ritalin as it acts as speed for them.  Drugs are a sad reality and My hope is freedom!  Thanks and Peace :)rpalulis8 months ago Excellent Hub!  This is a serious problem, I have lost too many friends to drugs, both kids and adults need to know the seriousness of this, even the subtle drugs, and what to look out for.  You can count on me sharing this one.katiem28 months ago rpalulis,  I know the loss is painfully big.  Thanks so much for sharing this hub, alarmingly few adults I share this with have ever heard of pharming.  I'm on a mission to spread the word as so many adults have prescription pain killers around that they don't use.  I was prescribed percosets after my recent surgery and darvasets (forgive the spelling)after an emergency root canal. Both times I was urged to have them filled just to have on hand if I needed them.  This is what creates a dangerous situation for many.  Again Thanks for doing your part to keep our youth safe,  Do Share Please DO!  Thanks and Peace :)Sarah L8 months ago Great article with real insight into reality and "not my kid".  Time for a serious conversation with my 14 year old.  Thanks, Katiekatiem28 months ago Sarah, So glad you found us and have been made aware of this issue.  My most positive thoughts are with you and your 14 year old!  Thanks and Peace :)loveofnight8 months ago 2 thumbs up for you, this is an awesome hub and one that needs to be said, written and repeated.this is a hub that i will definitely pass on to others to read......thx 4 shareDarlene Sabella8 months ago Great hub, a thumbs up for me, I learned so much thank you for this wise advise...katiem28 months ago Darlene, So good to see you here this morning.  I'm glad you've gained helpful drug abuse knowledge regarding pharming.   Thanks and Peace ;)entertianmentplus8 months ago Awesome hub us with kids need to be aware of this kind of information.Thanks for sharing.katiem28 months ago entertainmentplus,  Thanks for stopping in and for the vote of confidence! Peace:)valeriebelew8 months ago Thanks for the informative write up.  Prescription drugs are the number one drug used by teens today, though many parents are unaware ot it.  The video was interesting as well.  Welcome back.  Missed you yesterday.katiem28 months ago Valerie,  Thanks your review means a great deal.  I was running my chicklet (what i call my girls) to appointments.  Beautiful day!  Great to know I was missed.  Thanks and Peace:)yellowstar20008 months ago thanks so much for the great hub...my step son is addicted to . OxyContin and the like...and is currently in treatment. We never even knew until a short while ago that he had such a problem...the saddest part is, he's had friends that have died from drugs and still he chose to take them. There's so much more I could say, but we, as parents need to stay vigilant and very aware of our children, their behaviors along with their self esteem. It's so sad to see so many young people with issues such as these. It breaks my heart. And now I am so thankful he's wanting to change and is making a go of it with serious treatment. We'll be there for him every step of the way. Thank God for small miracles.Pamela998 months ago Very good informative hub about teen drug abuse.  Thanks for all the information.  Good hub.katiem28 months ago yellowstar2000, Thank You so much for sharing your powerful story.  I will imagine your son recovering soon. I will keep him and your family in my prayers for strength and healing!  I really appreciate your comment, I know it will help many who reads this.  Thanks and know my most positive thoughts and prayers are with you.  Thanks and Peace :)Pamela,  Good to see you today, I'm so glad you made it to the help with drug abuse teens and pharming hub.  Thanks and peeace :)prasetio308 months ago As a teacher I am so sad to hear that teenager try using drugs. Drug abuse is looks scary for me. I am worried about their future. I hope they will know about good and bad. And find good friend. I think bad environment around them have a big influence to create like this one. I pray for them and they'll increased the spiritual life to avoid kind of this habit....amen.Prasetiokatiem28 months ago prasetio, AMEN indeed!  Thanks for your powerful comment in supporting youth!  It is vital to us all and as always I appreciate your thoughtful comments, Plus great to see you!  Peace :)MPG Narratives8 months ago Hi Katie, what an amazing revelation! I asked my teenage son if he had heard of this and thankfully he said no. This of course doesn't mean its not happening. Will keep my eyes and ears open and watch my medicine cabinet too. Thanks for highlighting this.katiem28 months ago MPG Narratives,  Great I'm glad you've got the heads up!  No judgements HERE EVER, just a village coming together for the greater good... FYI my daughter is 13 and weighs heavy on the naive side and she knew what pharming was.  I'm not certain what age your son is and this may be a factor however,  My daughter did take a class called DARE (a drug and alchol awareness class) in school and this is where she learned about it. It is common for kids to say they have no idea what your talking about if they feel uncomfortable about the topic.  I know my teenager most often than not would rather I just shut up and stop talking.  Just keep your eyes and ears open.  It's great you made him aware that your aware and keep using teaching moments to educate him.  Great comment and a powerful contribution to this hub.  All of us are a better source of knowledge and information than one of us, yes it does take a village.  I'm really grateful this topic is moving forward with much helpful conversation.  Thanks and Peace :)Tatjana-Mihaela8 months ago Your Hub is great but topic is so sad. From my young days I was especially allergic on practising pharming - but in my young days only very small percentage of young ones was mixing alcohol and some pills, occasionally, there was almost no other drugs among young people - what today kids do is another story.Of course that parents should make sure that they avoid their own Pharm Parties (covered by prescription given by some Dr.) so children will not have negative example to follow.Your Hub is masterpiece!katiem28 months ago Tatjana, Thank you for the added support of this important issue, help with teens and drug abuse is all about getting informed and it's helpful comments like yours that make that happen.  thanks and peace :)MPG Narratives8 months ago Katie, my son is 15 and is quite open to talking about most things although as he gets older he is more hesitant to talk. Just thought I'd highlight an article which I read in our local Sunday magazine which relates to your hub - It was titled "Bad Medicine" and talks about the growing trend of teens taking prescription drugs. A quote from the article -"People who reach for a codeine-carrying flu remedy (need to) understand they're essentially taking a stripped-down component of heroin poppies."Scary stuff, we should all be more vigilant when taking prescription meds.Peace to you too!katiem28 months ago MPG Narratives, Great contribution!  Thanks that's really interesting and although I've heard teens commonly abuse cold medicine I had no idea as to its relationship to the serious drug heroin.  Thanks for your continued support and contributions!  You make this message stronger and more informative!  Peace :)msorensson8 months ago As we cannot control where our children go, who they meet when they go out, we can only educate them. I started talking to my son about drugs in school when he was 8. I just hope and tell him all the time, that when he is presented with drugs, he should politely refuse them, and any one, bar none, who offers him a drug under any pretense, is NOT his friend.This is a great educational hub. Thank you.katiem28 months ago msorensson, So happy to see you here at the help with drug abuse hub, your comment is a great contribution and your plan of action is exactly what I hope for all families.  I'm sure this will empower your son to operate in knowledge to remain healthy and a be healthy influence as well... Thanks for making a difference.  Peace :)Tchardo8 months ago Yes, they should be treated as any abusable substance. It seems to me that the only sure way to provide a healthy attitude about drugs, or anything we put in our bodies, is to be sure that children are provided a very solid understanding of themselves and the world they live in, and to do that one needs to understand the motivations behind recreational drug use, which are psychological. They need to be able to think for themselves, and understand life and drugs, more than anything, or once they take responsibility for their own lives everything you teach them will be sandcastles before real circumstances.Anyway, I was meaning to ask thoughts about pharmalogical substance abuse before the stage of addiction... what can be done to bring to peoples attentions the disruptive influence which prescription drugs can have on person's life?I think the institutions marketing pharmaceuticals are the biggest obstacle to more awareness among people of the consequences, followed closely by the general mentality of people toward sacrificing everything else for the means toward a narrow spectrum of values, like academic success. People lose sight of themselves as anything but machines, I fear.katiem28 months ago Tchardo, Thank you for a great contribution to the help with drug abuse report.  Very powerful feedback.  Peace :)johnsams7 months ago Comprehensive hub. I wish we could find a more effective way to put an end to all this and give better future to our kids.katiem27 months ago johnsams, Amen, I so wish the same!  Peace and thanks for commenting on Help With Drug Abuse.  :)momof2girls6 months ago I first learned about Pharming last month in a class we go to for my youngest daughter. They had someone come and talk to us about drugs, new and old, nicknames to watch out for. I was very surprised to learn that prescription drugs were the most common in kids grade 7-12. After the shock wore off I was upset, I was so livid that it was the adults who were the suppliers to their own children. A perfect example was when the school said I should put my kid on Ritilon, I took her to the Dr's and as we were walking into the room he was writing out a prescription for it, without even checking or examing her. I grabbed my daughters hand I looked at him and said, "No Thanks we are not interested." And walked out. The Dr was shocked that I said No. So if it is that easy for an eight year old to get drugs I can't imagine how easy it is for a parent to get drugs. Dr's will seem to right a prescription for anything and everything. It is very scary to think in some homes how easy it is to access drugs right from the bathroom. As parents and adults we need to start changing in the way we think and teach our future. When a child see's Mom or and Dad popping a pill the kids are probably thinking oh well its ok for us. So the next time we go and put a prescription in the medicine cabinet maybe think how can this harm my child. They are our FUTURE and Precious children. Let's work together and keep them safe. This is probably one the most interesting topics I have read, and everyone's replies are remarkable.katiem26 months ago momof2girls, funny I'm a Mom of 2 Girls as well, lucky ducks we are!  Thank YOU so much for your very powerful contribution to this hub about help with drug abuse, I so relate to you!  This is certainly a much better alert to teens and pharming with your feedback.  Thanks again and Peace :)Mighty Mom6 months ago Hi katiem2,Wow, don't know how I missed this hub! We both share an interest/concern with teen drug use/abuse/addiction. It is sooo much easier for kids to get drugs than alcohol these days, and the drugs they can get their hands on are downright scary, especially when combined with other drugs.Reading this made me shudder, remembering the horror show I lived with my son from 12-17. Thankfully, he made it to 18 and seems to have his life more or less back on track.I would like to link to your hub so that concerned parents can see both the "warning" side and the "the consequences of not taking action early enough" side of pharming! MMkatiem26 months ago Mighty Mom, so glad you found me and yes linking is a great idea, lets join forces to help with drug abuse and teens and pharming, drinking and the like.  Thanks :)evilia_lim3 months ago Katie, the information in this article is something new for me. This makes me realize that as a parent we have to know about everything  more than our children. Luckily, i have this info so I am aware what should I do to prevent pharming. It is a very scary thing. Oh Katie, thanks so much for sharing this hub. I will forward this to my husband as well. Peace:)katiem23 months ago eviliea_lim, Thanks for sharing this information about teens and pharming so others can learn and be aware of the teen drug use going on around them.  Like you many don't know about this and it is then pharming can go on right under your nose.  Thanks again and please share this with all the parents you know.  Peace :)Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesHELP BUILD SUCCESS IN YOUR COLLEGE-BOUND CHILDIn a couple of weeks, parents will be sending their teenagers (or young adults) off to college for the very first time. - 4 days agoDO YOU WANT TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE IN 2011?It is hard to believe that 2010 has come and gone so quickly? - 6 days agoTHIS MAY SAVE SOMEONE'S LIFE.  MAYBE YOURS OR YOUR CHILD'SEveryone knows how dangerous it is to text and drive, but unfortunately, it still happens. - 11 days agoTEEN TRENDS: VAMPIRES & BITING!Who has a tween or teen who asked Santa for the new Twilight movie, Eclipse? - 12 days agoWORDLESS WEDNESDAY: CARTOONS FOR TWISTED PEOPLE - PART III have come across more cartoons that are so funny (at least to me), but maybe a little twisted. - 2 weeks agoPUT ON YOUR HEADPHONES!! As parents, we all know our teenagers have so much to deal with on a daily basis; peer pressure, wanting to fit in, wanting to makegood grades, excel in sports, music, dance or whatever extracurricular activity they are involved in. - 4 weeks agoIS MY BLOG DISPICABLE?I received an email this week. - 7 weeks agoTEEN TRENDS: NATIONAL DRUG FACTS WEEK - SHATTER THE MYTHSIf you follow my blog, then you know I like to keep parents up-to-date onteen trends, including the different and clever ways teens use and abuse drugs. - 2 months ago92katiem2From Ohio981 Followers255 HubsJoined 20 months agoRead more hubs by katiem2Contact katiem2Follow katiem2Subscribe to katiem2's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk katiem2 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsHow can we help prevent animal abuse or even stop itasked by ethel smith 4 months ago7 answersAnswer this questionWhat does my wife mean when she calls me "the other women"?'asked by SissyCeline 14 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThe Truth About Pharm Partiesby Lela DavidsonTeen Advice For Responsible Parentsby Write On!Choosing a Teen Drug Rehab by Mighty MomIf your boyfriend is on drugs...How do you tell him you are...by SweetiePieHelp for Parents of Teens Not Ready for Collegeby brakel2Teenage Prescription Drug Abuse-Are You Their Dealer?by Lisa Petrarca Advice and Tips for Parents of Teens ForumTopicRepliesStarting your own family when you are young yourself.posted by skylerdean6Should your teens trick or treat?posted by Elaineaus12Post a new topicTagsdrugs drug abuse prescription drugs teens and drugs called pharming teens and pharming Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 2.307 sec)  working