How To Deal With Stubborn StepkidsHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   How To Deal With Stubborn Stepkids83rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy jeepfan43I wanted to share my experiences on dealing with a stubborn stepchild in hopes that it will benefit someone else.When my husband and I met, I knew he had a son from a previous relationship. What I didn't expect was that his child would be so blatantly rude/disrespectful towards me. When my now husband and I were dating (we didn't live together for the first 9 months), he was fine. When we bought our house and moved in together (we just got married last July), everything suddenly changed. I expected him to have some trouble adjusting to having 2 siblings since he was an only child. After it got to the point of where I was ready to leave the man I truly love, b/c it got so unbearable, we talked about it and decided to sit all 3 kids down and have a discussion with them. I'd always raised my kids to respect adults period-no exceptions, but I know that not everyone enforces it with their kids and my husband and his ex thought that way. We told all 3 kids that they are to respect us as parents and that we weren't out to replace the other biological parent. We told them that in our home there are rules to follow and that all 3 need to obey them or there would be disciplinary actions taken. My 2 are older so it was a bit easier for them to handle it. My stepson constantly tried to go behind my back after I'd put him on timeout or sent him to his room and use the excuse that he needed to tell his dad something. I finally sat him down and explained that while he was in our house, when I tell him to do something, he is to obey-period. Has anyone else ever dealt with a similar problem? I'd like to hear from you!vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny (1)Awesome Beautiful tammy3 years ago I am dealing with a soon to be 7 year old. I have been in this boys life since he was 3 years old and now that his father has full custody of him and he lives with us. I have seen a cange in him in the past. He seems to ack like i sould not be in his are his father lifes. see i am 40 and i have been married 2 times before and i have 1 child from the frist and 2 kids from the second and they live with there father and i see them as much as there father will let me and i have just learned to live with it. but when i meet this man i know that he had a son from his ex- wife i did not want to fall in love with him but i did and i also feel in love with his son in the frist couple years it seemed great. see i am so very much in love with this man but I dont know how to talk to him about this problem see i have tryed to talk to him but the minute i bring up his son he wont talk to me but his tell me what i should do with my kids and how i baby my son but see if i say any thing about his son he gats pissed off is i know how to be a parent to my kids and i dont know how to be a parent  to his son when he is around so i dont say any thing to him if there help let me knowtam.jeepfan433 years ago I wish I had all of the answers for the problems that can occur with stepkids.  I can say that if the biological parent you are with does not support you when you try to discipline, talk to or whatever with the stepchild(ren), you need to reconsider your relationship with that person.  If they turn a 'deaf' ear to any valid things that you bring up as a concern, that is major disrespect and it's showing the child(ren) that it's OK to treat you as the stepparent as such.terri 3 years ago i have two kids of my own and 2 step kids. one of my step kids i have a wonderful relationship with, the other one [10 yrs] is very disrespectful to me and the other kids. Its looking like the only choice I have is to leave my husband continues to defend his kid  actions by blaming most of it on me. I seem to be at my wits end. I don't wont to have my marriage ruined[even though my husband says i do] What is a mom to do?Nicole2 years ago I have been with my soon to be husband for 3 yrs.  He has a 6 year old son who has been in our life more off then on.  I resent this kid for all of the problems he has caused between my fiance and I, I have been abused physically and mentally when he is with us.  Now my fiance is going back to court for visitation rights.  I hate the thought of it because he causes so many problems.  My fiances family treats this kid like he is royalty because they are so afraid of the ex, they treat my son from a previous relationship different and also my daughter from my fiance different.  They are very fake and I cant stand it.  So now I have to deal with this kid who has no respect and who I very much resent, the ex has chased me down with my two kids in the car, i've had to put a restraing order on her.  ANYONE HAVE ANY SUGGESTIONS????????????B2 years ago I married a wonderful man with 2 teenagers 18 and 16. I have a 12 year old. We bought a brand new home, the 16yrs old old daughter moved in. Reason being why she moved in with us, we have a more stable enviroment. Both my 12 yrs old son and 16 yrs get along pretty fair. The 18yrs is in the Navy. The issue I am having is my husband doesnt back me up when it comes to laying down the rules. Both kids are very active in school. However they have small chores to handle after homework..She get out of doing them by coming home rushing thru her studies and is off running the road with her boyfriend or she will whine to her Dad she is too tired to do chores can she do them in the morning, well we all know it wont happen, heck I refuse to push a vaccum at 6am. She plays these games with her Dad to get her way, She is in Honor classes but she is slipping in them and yet her father still lets her run the roads..He lets her get her way ALL THE TIME he does NOT punish her and he doesnt make her respect me. Yet he gets upset when my son son doesnt respect him and I tell him, what do you expect he thinks its ok because she doesnt mind or respect me. It bothers me horribly. And when I have tired to spek to my husband he think I am trying to find a reason to pick a fight or just to bitch about something. Is there anyone that can help me ?I know there is counsling.. But he wont go because he sees no problem.charlie2 years ago hello,my name is charliei dont know what to do,my kids mother died ten days ago we had are problems due to her sudden heart probblem i have 2 kids dont want 2 leave school and hate new stepmother must admit not to niceayla2 years ago I have one child of my own and 5 step children. My situation is a little different but so hard to deal with I need advise. My step kids are 3,5,6,8, and 10. They go to there mothers every two weekends but she still wants there dad back: (she cheated on him). We have sit the kids down told them that wont happen were happy together and that's it. But the ex tells them to act up for me. They all still pee the bed and the ex calls and try to talk to my fiance every day still. [I'm so frustrated because its now starting to get to where his kids are treating my one child like they do me. Please help me! What should i do.Michelle2 years ago I thought I was the only person dealing with this problem. i have two stepchildren and have been in their lives know for 5years. I for the longest time was their primary care giver. Their father worked out of town and their mom came around when she felt like it. Me and their dad got into numerous fights over the phone over his children because of their disresptful behavior and he would tell me that it was my fault.  Dad is now back working in town and I believe his sons disrespt has gotten worse. the son now 12 raises his voice to me and says very disresptful things to me and the other kids in the house. My two boys don't disrespect me so why do I have to allow another persons child to do the same? Dad sits him down a talks with him about his behavior and this has became a joke. He grounds him to the house but takes nothing away from him. Both of his kids lie, and don't get me wrong I know kids will tell lies, but these are big lies. Their mom called a left me a message one time saying that her son was afraid to sleep in his bedroom with my son because my son was doing things to her son in the middle of the night and that my son was gay. That came from his now 13 year old daughter.  The son continually tells his mom and grandma that I pick on him and that he gets into trouble and I treat my son better than them. Which my kids get into trouble when they do things to get them into trouble. I to am ready to walk out, because it keeps getting worse. The son has been sent to ISS two days this week for fighting and disrespecting other students and again dad says he is going to have a talk with him. I think the talks are to humor me. I am also worried about whats going to happen when the child gets bigger, right now he is small but I worried that when he gets bigger that he will hurt somebody.same situation2 years ago I am experiencing the same exact situation, however the solution to the problem is my husband.  He is hesitant to put his foot down with my stepson when he pulls that "behind the back stuff" It is really weighin on our marriage, because I will not be disrespected in my home.  Recently we have this crazy situation going on.....I live with my husband, son, daughter (from previous marriage), and infant daughter (5 months). I also have a step-son (husbands previous marriage). On a regular basis my husband and I have a really good relationship. We have 11 years of friendship, and 3 great years of marriage. In the past we have had about one to two arguments a year, nothing to ever make me consider separation from him. The fights usually happen when my step son comes to visit, and often revolves around the fairness between all the kids and my place as an adult, and the mother of the household. Granted my children live with us both on a daily basis and know the rules, my step son has visited us often enough to know how it is when he comes over. Long story short, on Friday, We dropped both boys off for Kung Fu practice and as I was leaving out, I noticed that my stepson had brought is PSP game with him, so I told him to let me take it back in the car so the no one would steal it if he sat it down. Once we got home, he ask me for it, but we were in the middle of dinner so I told him to go upstairs and take his shower and once he came back from taking his shower I would have it out. My husband had already gone upstairs for his shower 3 minutes prior to our conversation. So about 10-15 minutes go by and I was just starting to move around after eating my dinner, getting the baby situated and straightening up etc. So my husband comes down in a tone that he has never used with me before saying "Where is my son's PSP?" so I'm in shock like is he serious and I say "Huh" and says "You heard me, Where is his PSP?" he told me you lost it. So I tell him in the same tone he's taking with me, that I am an adult and that he will not talk to me like that. Next I walked over to the diaper bag and pulled out the PSP. I tossed it on the sofa next to him because he was holding the baby and when I tossed it, it nicked his elbow. He immediately jumped up assuming I tried to hit him, as I explained to him that I wasn't trying to hit him, yelling started and we were face to face arguing hard. In the exchange of words, this guy spits in my face. I was so stunned that I through what I had in my hand (my wallet) and it smacked him dead between his eyes. He backed off thankfully, because like I said this was behavior I had never seen come from him before. We did not speak for the rest of the evening, and in the morning, all I could think about was how he spit in my face and what the pure act of spitting on someone means to me. It is Sunday and after about 12 apologies since the incident I still can't get over it and I am ready to leave simply because of my self morals. To me to spit on someone means that that person totally discuss you. I am in shock because of how good things are normally between us and just how it all went down. The under side of the situation was as a his wife, I should never have to justify my actions as a mother, or remind him of my place in our marriage, simply because that's not a problem from him. My children respect him and look at him as Dad, but he has yet to enforce that with my step-son. Not only did he go upstairs and lie to my husband, but he played us. The whole thing just don't sit right with me.....it seems like He was "telling on me", and my husband came to me like he was going to punish me if it had been lost? Anyway it's all too much for me and I can't get my mind around the whole spitting thing? Am I overreacting?ms2 years ago Thank goodness I am not the only person going through this madness! I feel the pain each of you are going through. My husband has 5 children, 4 adult and 1 11 year old. 1 of the adult children has finished school and is gainfully employed. He has a child with his wife. The other 3, well let's just say they aren't following the same pattern. I do not have children. I do not have brothers and sisters, and I was raised in a home where I was expected to respect every living creature, adult, everything God created, whether I liked it or not. If I was left in the care of another adult, grandparent, Sunday School teacher, teacher, whoever, I respected them. They had the same authority over me as my parents did. My husband's 11 year old is allowed to scream at me, disrespect me, argue with me, use foul language, whatever and I am not supposed to get upset. I am supposed to "correct him out of love" and not be such a "mean and evil b****" all the time. His mother fills his head full of lies and then he takes all of her issues out on me. He tells my husband and me what she says but my husband doesn't believe he should confront her, even though the custody agreement states "...neither parent is to directly not indirectly hinder the child's relationship with the other parent." My husband is so afraid of her, and he refuses to discipline his kid. Last weekend, his kid screamed at me to shut up. Of course his father was not around. He did nothing when I told him about it. But when the kid screamed at his father that he was "pissing him off" his father took action. When I ask what is going to be done about these behavior issues, I get yelled at and told it's my fault the kid acts this way. I get told if I treated him with love and kindness he would act better. According to other family members, he's always acted this way, his mother is a drug user, and his dad has never disciplined any of his kids. The kid has been in trouble at every school he's gone to, to the point of expulsion and alternative school last year. I dearly love my huaband, but quite frankly, I am ready to leave my Louisiana home and move to Oregon to an undisclosed address to get away from it all. My husband doesn't want to talk about when I bring it up, but when he wants to talk, I'm expected to stop what I'm doing and talk. I don't want to talk. I am sick of talking. I am sick of every other weekend of my life being ruined by a cunning, backstabbing, con artist. I am sick of his mother, and I am sick of the 3 loser adult kids bleeding my husband dry. I am sick of him being a doormat. He is so afraid if he tells them no, they will be mad and he won't have contact with them. And he's right. If the cash stops flowing, they don't have anything to do with him. They are 24 married to 1 girl with a baby and just had a baby with another girl who is married to someone else, unemployed, did not graduated from high school, uneducated. 20, unemployed, did not graduate from high school, has a baby, no husband, living in an apartment my husband is paying for as well as electricity, and 19, did not graduate fro high school but did get a GED and works at a restaurant and is awaiting Naval Boot Camp. My husband is a physician, super intelligent. But he is an enabler and lets these leeches suck the life out of him. It's all so ridiculous and it makes me so angry!! I am going shoe shopping!! Good to get it out, good to know others are out there with the same bad gris gris going on.   jr2 years ago I left my husband because he let his kid hit me and talk back to me for 4 yrs.  I stayed as long as I could and have an infant son for him, but the disrespect had to end he did not want me to discipline her and then thought I would raise her  because her mother didn't want to raise her anymore because the child disrespected her live in boyfriend.  Goof luck to all in this situation.GC2 years ago I HAVE TWO STEPCHILDREN WHO I HAVE HELPED RAISE FOR 13 YEARS. MY DAUGHTER IS 14 AND MY SON IS 17. NOW THEY ARE AT THE AGE WHERE THEY THINK THE ONLY THING THERE DAD IS GOOD FOR IS MONEY. THEY ONLY CALL WHEN THEY WANT SOMETHING, AND THERE MOTHER FINDS EVERY REASON TO MAKE THINGS HARD ON US. SHE TOO I SONLY ABOUT THE MONEY. THERE ARE DAYS LIKE TODAY I JUST WANT TO PULL MY HAIR OUT!MH2 years ago I have 3 children from a previous marriage and 4 stepkids... 3 of them come over everyother weekend. I know how it feels to have a husband to place all the blame on the stepmother. My stepson 11 would have a fit to sleep with his dad kicking me out of my bed everytime he was over. My stepdaughter 13 goes home and tells her mother everything that is said while they are at our home and adding more to it  just trying to cause trouble for her dad and me. The other stepdaughter 9 tells my kids that if I disipline them in anyway her mother will be told which my kids hate the thought of anyone disrespecting me, because they have always been taught to respect anyone no matter what. They have a stepmom and I tell them to never treat her that way. The ex wife just tries her best to get  between my husband and me at anyway she can. I have confronted her about this but she is a backstabbing bitch. Always nice to your face but mouths you to the kids. Is there anything we can do besides packing up and leaving b/c I love him very much and the kids too but it is not right for them to disrespect anyone like they do/Ranee2 years ago Again, I want to say "Im so happy to hear i am not the only one going through this"!! I am in a position where right now i also want to walk out.  The better part of me insists that I am being insensitive and what's so wrong with me that I cannot love a child that is not mine, he's just a child.  My step son is 9 years old/ my husband has full custody of him and we have a 3yr old daughter together and i just had another baby that was conceived when he and i were separated.  The baby i had is biracial and my husband did not hesitate to give her his last name.  Matter of fact he spends more time with the baby then he did with either of his two other kids.  I am at a place where the 9year  old is getting bad grades, physically hurts my 3yr old when no one is looking, and has even sexually touched her.  I know kids will play, and they will experiment with sexuality but it takes a vicious new meaning when it's your own child that becomes the victim.  I told my husband he needed to go talk to him and that i was extrememly upset, he went in there and yelled "if you do that again i will break you F***n fingers"he didnt take the time to sit his son down and explain good touch bad touch or anything like that.  The verbal abuse in my house is out of control.  I have left my husband twice now for a year each time and everytime he somehow is allowed to lure me back in by holding our 3yr old as collateral.  It is such a twisted case.  But overall, i guess i feel that if he can love a baby that is not his and came from infidelity, i should be able to do the same.  I must be so heartless!??!  Its survival of the fittest the way I would like to see things.  I must look out for my two children and consider how i would like them to be raised.  I wont ask for any advice, becuse in the end it is my decision.  Its just nice to know that I am not the only one.  (dont even get me started on the in-laws). Kristina2 years ago I thought that I was the only going through this bs. I have 2 step sons. Once is 13 and one is 14. The 14 year old we sent to live with his mom over the summer because he does absoultly nothing! He thinks he is a gang banger and my kids don't need to be around, that but he doesn't disrespect me or beat on my kids. The 13 year old is another story. I feel that the whole family lives on egg shells for him. We have to watch what we say or do to keep him happy and quiet. He beats the hell out of my 9 & 5 year old boys and is very nasty to them. I know that I have a potty mouth but this boy puts me to shame.I do everything for this boy. He mother doesn't even know were he goes to school or his teachers or their names. He is in special ed and has add/adhd, depression. Basically he is out of control and has been his whole life. He doesn't hessitate to call me names like, bitch, hoe, skank, asshole. But as soon as I say something to him, he always say, "That's why my mom is going to beat your ass". I keep telling him that is uncalled for and I don't even react to it.I am at my wits ends and my husband tried his best to help out and take care of the situation. But he always tell me that I let him win but me getting upset. So should I just let him talk to me and my boys crazy and physically harm up and not say a word? I wouldn't let any other broad or man talk to me off the streets but I have to take it at home.Hurt husband2 years ago I to am going through a difficult time. My daughter of 17, and step daughter of 15 yrs of age. My step daughter loved me to death before her mother, and got married, but soon as it got closer to the marriage date she started to hate me, and was making it very difficult in the house. When we got married she said how great it was, and now she finally has a father. That melted me. Then all of a sudden it turned again. Even my own daughter started to turn on me. Making it very hard for me to have any time with my wife. Then if they were getting in trouble, I would tell mmine that she was grounded, and the ste daughter knew I could not do anything to her. I told her mother, and she told her mother that it was a lie. Who's the mother going to believe. Daughter. Well, it even started getting worse. My wife, and I would get in arguements, and it would be in front of the girls. I asked her to stop, because I did not want to argue in front of the girls. Plus I do not like to argue. My step daughter took advantage of that, and she started to talk to me in way, that I was dumb struck. I had told her not to speak to me that way, that I was not one of her punk friends. How do you think that went? Now I was talking about her friends, and she called me an A@@ H(#(. This si a 15 yr old. I told her mother, and she told me that she was being a kid. I am sure that she told her not to do it again, but that made it worse towards me. It has gotten worse over the 2 yrs mow, and I am on the verge of losing my wife. One because my daughter had a boyfriend that knew everything, and was going to take of her. Ok! at 18 yrs old. Well, later she started gettinig bad, and found out that they were having sex. I told her to break it off. Nope. As I was talking to her she started swinging at me, and put my hands up, and try to stop her. She hit the corner of her bed with her leg, and put a bruise where you can see it. Next day at work I get a phone call from my wife saying that the nurse from school thought I had hit her. Guess what that started. So then later the next day I had a social worker come in, and found that I was not hitting or abusing her, and asked if I wanted her home. I said yes. All this time my wife is ticked off. She did not want her home. So we went to go get her, and she was not where she was staying. The boyfriend was called by police, and told to bring her in. As I got there my daughter told police that I beat her, and she was scared for her life. My mouth went to the floor. After 3 hours the police caught her in her own lies, and she came home. That made another wedge between my wife, and I. What am I to do? I love my wife with everything of me, and she thinking of seperating/divorce. I am paying for what the kids have done. My wife,and both. I need help.Jessica2 years ago Well. I cant believe that so much of this crap is going on. I have 2 boys and my husband has basicly helped raise them and they are really good kids. But its his kids that are out of control. And I really think its because of the exes.They put so much crap into these kids heads and try to purposely cause problems. They allow their kids to treat the step mom bad and thats just wrong. I have an ex and I will admit I was a bitch to my exes wife at first, but I got over it and she was cool with me after that.I've known my husband for like 16 years. I knew his exes and I knew he had kids, but they took off out of state and lost contact with him. He finally found them like 3 years ago and since then its been hell. His ex got into fights with me on the pc. She put all kinds of shit out on myspace about us. And she stalks my myspace page.She has been in and out of rehab and couldnt control the 14 year old, so she sent him to live with us.And its been hell ever since!He is rude and totally disrespectful and manipulative.Margot23 months ago This is so scary to me.  I just don't even know how to handle being a step mom sometimes.  I have 2 girls from a previous relationship, one is 13, the other is 4.  I have a 7 yr old step son & then my husband & I have an 8mos old daughter.  Recently I have seen that my step son is starting to have behavioral problems in school...not horrible, really just normal boy stuff.  He is disrespecting the teacher...talking out of turn & not listening.  This week my husband got a note from the teacher saying he had said some very bad, inapropriate things in school.  I won't even go into what he said, but it was nothing a 7 yr old should be saying.  My husband got the email on Thurs & on Fri. picked his son up from his house for a weekend with us.  His son was groveling at his grandma's feet that he didn't want to come over & then proceeded to tell my husband that I slap him in the face & hurt him.  WTF?!?!?!I could not even believe it when my husband confronted me with this.  I know that I am not as laid back as my step son's mom...from what we can see, she never disciplines her son, but to say this about me???  I just could not believe it.  I am at a loss.  My husband spoke with his son, but I am now to the point where I don't want him in my home.  If he can say these things about me, what is next?If his mom or grandma take this seriously I could have cps coming around my house.  I have 3 daughters that I do not want to have to put through anything like that.What do I do?  I have talked to my husband & told him I don't want his son in our home until his son learns that he can not say things like this, but this is his son...how do I tell him that he can not come into our home?I just don't know what to do.  I have never touched this child & now I have to deal with these types of alligations!!!And I love, love, love my husband, but he is very laid back with his son.  I think because he doesn't see him all the time he feels like he can't get on to him, but now we have this drama going on.I have noticed recently that the jealousy of my 4 yr old spending time with my husand has been hard for my step son to deal with.  The last time he was here he cried to my daughter & told her that she gets to see her mom every day & he never gets to see his dad every day.I'm thinking that he is having some seperation issues, but I just don't know that I really care at this point.  Is that horrible to say?  He's only 7 & I just don't care.  When it comes to someting like that...something that could hurt my family, I want to protect my family first.Any advice is appreciated.Jeff22 months ago Hang in there. It stinks not getting the support of your partner. My wife will not accept any responsibility for the way her kids act or talk. They lack manners, don't listen, and are very disrespectful. Their dad lets them think it's a democracy at his house and my wife will not do much more than a half an hour early to bed or take away something for a week or two. My wife's daughter thinks she is a slave at our house even though she doesn't even clean up after herself most times. She told me it is a jail at our house.Every weekend my wife says it is the same with me - that I am a jerk and a different person when they are around. I find it interesting how I am the problem when they raised them for how many years and how my wife always is like a broken record at home. She tells ppl it was a long weekend. I didn't talk to her the whole weekend almost because it's better not getting involved and being blamed for their rotten behavior and lippy talk. My "look" is the problem - I get "that lookHer daughter was out of control friday night when I had to watch them, and my wife didn't have any consequence for her action when we got home from a dance I wouldn't have let her go to. My wife always says for me to deal with it and that she wasn't there - how can she deal with it if she wasn't there. There are no natural consequences, only idle threats (like her not going to the dance if she misbehaved).My wife's 12 yo thinks his dad can do no wrong. His dad tried to get my wife in jail and started a physical altercation once that only my wife got a citation for. Funny how he can never do wrong (like his 12 yo). My wife was going about 5 mph over the speed limit on the highway and he said he would call the cops whenever he could on her. He doesn't want to come here because we have rules and his dad honestly doesn't.My wife's daughter, who is going into middle school next year is a nightmare. She always whines, talks like she is two, doesn't listen, and has no manners (farting, inappropriate talk, actions...). She will try to cause problems between my wife and I and every night she wants my wife to lay by her (at bedtime).My wife makes excuses and says "you don't know what my kids went through." Well I think I know what her and I will go through because there are not serious enough consequences and there is no accountability for what they say or do.This weekend we both said if we could go back we wouldn't marry each other. My life was far better before my wife, and if I didn't love her like I do I wouldn't have decided to marry her and commute an hour each way to work to be with her. Every move I make and every purchase I make is scrutinized.The only way this marriage will survive is if I stay on the sidelines as much as I can. I have to ignore trying to train her kids the way I was brought up, because I never had kids and don't know anything. Basically I can't be me - I have to just accept fate, whatever happens.I work rotating shifts and look forward to working 2nd shifts so I don't have to deal with it all at night. When I call my wife to talk to her I ask her how the night is going and it is always fine or ok, which basically means they are out of controlMy stepdaughter said that her older brother left to be with his dad after we got married (it was after 1.5 years or so) and that they didn't have problems before I came into the picture. She was still showering with my wife then and probably sleeping in her bed. My wife is now reaping the benefits of her codependent relationship.I lost most of my respect for my wife (because of this and her inability to fill the parent role), and hope and pray the next ten years will work out whatever happens. Most days I wonder why I continue to pay to live this life, but know that all works for good for those who love GOD, and look forward to each past day as it is one day closer to the return of Christ.Maranda22 months ago I feel like im going crazzy i have 3 kids from my first marriage...which didn't work because he was a creater lair ya know...well now i've met this wounderful man who has a daughter my daughters age 3.....I have set rules for my 3 and there use to doing what i say as i say it...but his daughter on the other hand wont do it wines,cries and calls for daddy.. well he wants me to deal with it like i would my kids. but i would be very harsh if they were mine...like for example today she spit cream corn in my face...omg if that was my kid they would have been slapped in the mouth a time out..but i would feel bad doing that to her. her mother just signed off all her rights and noone wants her...i'm just having a hard time treating her like my own.. my 3,4,5 yrs old together are much more well behaved HELP MECarly22 months ago My fiance and i have been together for over a year he has a 2 year old little boy that i know is going through alot of issues but it is to the point where i dont want him around. not only is he going through his terrable 2's but he is mean and hits and bites he talks back he tries to push me away and it is so hard... i dont want to give up because i am so in love but between the money hungry ex that is draggin us in and out of court i just dont know what to do. i have no children of my own and so i am really lost...Jinny21 months ago when i got togher whit my husband he had 2 kids form his frist marrige and i was ok whit that i have 2 kids whit him after 7 years togher his kids came to live whit us they dont like me at all the kids call me name , tell me off when they want and when i tell him he tells me that they can do anything they want because they are his kids and i dont have the right to say anything to them r21 months ago Been maried for 5 yrs I have a son form a prev. mariage that lives with us and 16 yr old stepdaughter which I address her as daughter and also lives with us. For the last year her biodad has re-enter her life and she feels great about it , but it has affected our relationship she has become resentful , difficult and disrecpectful and my wife her mom defends her and does not let me be the dad. My daughter has forgotten that I have been the one that has been here and there for her while her biodad was not in the picture. She is cold, maupulative and wants to govern herself, always has excuses, has no remorse. Dont get me wrong she is a good kid. Our realationshiop has become to tense. I love my wife and my kids. I tell my wife that our kids issues will not affect our marriage, buy my daughter is driving me CRAZY.please adviseSunshine 20 months ago Its so nice to know i am not the only one going thru this. I have been married for 7 yrs now, my husband 2 kids. One is his biological son and he also has a step-son from a previous marriage. His ex-wife past away and he chose to make himself responsible for her son. This talks about how great man he really is. His son and I have never gotten along, I've tried but his constant lies make it dificult for me to trust him. Back when we started dating he used to live with his grandmother (mother side) few months after being married my husband decided his step-son would move in with us, I was hesitant about this, since weve never gotten along and he is a compulsive pathological liar. I finally agreed about 2 years after he was living with us I told my husband I could no longer live like this, he asked me to wait that his son had 2 more year to graduate from high school and would be moving across the state to college.  That same week i also found out we were expecting our first child, this is the main reason why i stayed i thought 2 more years he will be out, perhaps he would visit but everything be better, i also did not want my child to be born into a divorced parents. I of coursed agreed, to stay   I truly love my husband  he is a great man and I feel bad that I just can no longer stand being in the same room as his oldest son.  My husband believes absolutely everything his son says even with proof in his hands. His son has moved back with us  a few months ago and I dont know how to tell my husband that I feel miserable living in the same household as him. What do i do?babydoll3019 months ago OMG!!!  I can't believe that there are so many cases of this going on.I have been in this relationship with a guy for 3 years and I have 2 kids of my own from a previous marriage and he has a daughter. My son is 13 and my daughter is 5. His daughter is 13. My son doesn't come with me because his dad and I decided he was old enough to say where he wanted to be. He comes and visits when he wants to. He use to come every other week just like my 5 year old does but it got so he wanted to fight about it.His daughter lives with us full time. I had been with this man for about 6 months and we moved in together. His daughter was living with her mother in another state and she would call him saying things like her mom was always sick and all she does is lay around. She kept telling him that her mom couldn't feed her and that she needed new clothes. So he then asked her if she wanted to come live with us. Of course she said yes. She we made arrangements to go get her. When we arrived her mother had papers wrote up stating that he would have full responsibility of her and that she wasn't aloud to return to her mom until she was old enought to be on her own. He signed them and they were notoized. The mother said that because the 13 year old had played games in the past and her dad always fell for them. We made sure she understood that once she came to live with us that was it. She still said ok.Let me tell you..........I wish he had never signed those papers. She does things just to get us fighting. She has made it very clear she doesn't want me and her father together and that she wants her mom and dad together and she will do whatever it takes to try and get that to happen. She is so sneaky. She always does things where he can't see and when I bring it to his attention he says I'm just trying to pick a fight or that I just want to Bitch about something. So of course she wins. I'm tired of him correcting my 5 year old when he can't correct his 13 year old. I love him with all of my heart but I will not keep letting this happen. I won't because if I do I will just grow to dislike him for  letting her walk all over me. If something doesn't change I will have to walk away just to keep my sanity.My advice is to just try our hardest and if it works great and if it doesn't, we still have to take care of ourselves and letting a child have control isn't my ideal of taking care of me.   So what does everyone think of that?debsi138019 months ago im so glad to hear others going through similar things. my stepdaughter is nearly 16 i have been with her dad for 5 years. she has been diagnosed with emotional behaviour problems. yet her dad doesnt seem to realise the impact she has on individuals in the house. she is a compulsive liar even over trivial things she will scream and shout and cry even when i know and she knows she is lying she has caused huge rifts in our marriage wich has contributed to us splittingup alot.  although my husband wont agree he doesnt realise how upsetting all this is for me.i am determind not to let this ruin my marriage again but its so so hard as now she uses her diagnosis as the excuse for everything and she lies so so much about everything, but her dad has seen the light this year but still he doesnt realise her intimidating attitude towards me and her evil laughs and smiles behind her dads back she gives me when i try and ask her to do something. she will insist i am the liar or one of my daughters. its so hard for me i wish he will catch her out but i end up acting and looking the childish one through pure frustration. this has gone on a long time and im so nervous around her its unbeleivable.gawditfeelsso good just to write this down to someoneTH18 months ago I cant believe I found this site...I have been going through the same stuff for years...Its a living Hell...I married a man who has 4 kids from his 1st marriage, he got the kids 24/7, I have a daughter from my 1 st marriage and we have 3 boys together...* total.. My daughter 25, lives on her own supports her self, my husband was very mean to her..his kids 24, even plays in the NFL and Daddy still helps him, this one is his favorite, twin girls 21, one lives with hher boyfriend and the other has a baby and this one has always acted as my husbands wife, and now he is playing daddy to her son, while her baby daddy does nothing. and a 19 in college his not to bad...Our sons together have always been treated second class even by their own father and his family...Even now his adult kids are sucking him dry and he still bails them out..but me and the 3 boys have to watch every penny..His kids still come in my house today and disresepect me and my husband does nothing!!! He is everyones Hero, Not mine....now that his kids are older they are friend with their mom, after 10yrs of her not coming around she its all the glory..This is crazy....But my husband and his kids tell me I am the crazy one...I just want to leave...They get mad because I wont always watch the grandson now..His daughter cant even take her child with her to get her birthcontrol shot, I said take your son with you and my husband started his mouth again..I am so sick of it..I dont work and he controls all the money,,,feel so traped...I would never ever do this again in my life time...Its Hell,, I am gald I am not alone..and my husband played Pro football and in public everyone says  oh what a great father he is...Yeah Right..  any help for us out there.John18 months ago Here's my advise to all of you, who find yourself in a no win situation with problem step kids and stupid partners.  Run!  As fast and as far away as you can.  Nothing will work, and you will lead a life of misery.Love17 months ago OMG!!! I can not believe the stories that are so similar to mine. My stepchild has actually succeeded in separating my spouse and I. But my spouse and I reconcile and agreed on how our house would be run. And not even a month back home things were slowly going back to the problems that created our situation. My spouse does not properly discipline his teen which is a problem for me because the child does whatever the heck they want, when they want and my spouse does not see a problem. I am not sure of what I am going to do, and I know bringing a new child in the home is not the answer. I am praying for direction because I can not go too much longer without a peace of mind. I have confronted my stepchild alone and stated my position and what I will not stand for anymore and it was well received but things went back to the same problems. Has anything worked for anybody?!I am truly trying to hang in there.Jonathan15 months ago I feel for everyone in here who are dealing with a stepchild/stepchildren. Myself, married for 14 years to a woman who had a 2 year old son before we met. I have been in this child life since this age, and he is now 17. He bio father did something to him as a child, and was barred no access to him. Now its like, attitude has set in, disrespectful, and talking back to not only me, but his mother in general. The things he has said to her, is total wrong, and i often say to myself, this is the woman who gave birth to you and you talking back to her like this. I am 37 years old, will be 38 soon, and as an adult, i still would not talk back and disrespect my mother to this day, no matter what she said to me. But making things worse, is that we live in a two flat with her mother staying below us. She doesnt make things better by accusing us of being the bad ones, and not seeing his mistakes and what he is doing. Last night, when this child was being disrespectful, his mother sent him downstairs and she went along with him. During their discussion, i were not with them, my wife came back up and said-This is what her mother said to her: That since i am not his bio father, i have nothing to say to him when he is being disrespectful towards her or me, etc., I could not believe this, i have taken care of this child for 15 years and this is what i get from this. I feel like i have wasted 15 years of my life, put personal goals i wanted to accomplish on the backburner to raise and take care of this rude teenager. But never again, since i am not his bio father, and the mother-in-law said this, then okay; I will and wont do anything for this child anymore starting now.april15 months ago I got one better been with him for five years he has two boys by different so-called moms the first lost custody the seconds needs to lose custody, she has been in and out of jail/ rehab if it was my ex my child not even get to to see his parents cause they raised it i would not want it around my child anyway the second boy is the one im having trouble with and i know it is because of her i dont believe in punshing someone else's child but he is pushing so hard you cant walk in his room or even use his bathroom, my child and the oldest is shareing a bathroom so the 2nd boy has his own  cause they did not want to share with him he is 10 and his wannabe mother is complaining that he is wetting his self all i  have to say is he does not do it here. i just need help he gets in trouble at school has tantrums like a two year old if he doesn't get his way my girl never has done that and i need help getting him out of it without beating his butt like my mom and dad would have done me we have him everyday execpt two weekends out of the month neither of these pay child support my ex does i think im in love with dumb a if i didnt know better my girl is the only child i will ever have she is 11 and so close to perfect it is scarie the ten year old got mad at her cause she is going to walt disney with her gifted class to me she worked for it he got mad cause i told him he could go if would work on his grades got so mad i have a hole in my wall so tell me how im am  supposed to handle that his dad is like he is so good he doesnt do anything wrong bs the 18yr old has in listed he will be gone in 7 months so will have him out but he is not the one that needs to leave he is a little brat that needs a lot of help and i dont know how. it is like i owe him or he gets mad i tel him life is not fair get over it the oldest said before we got together he  (18) would be the only one who gets in trouble the brat never did ok if i see him doing something wrong am i not supposed to cal him on it?monica15 months ago I am fixing to get married, the guy has a 17 year old and a 12 year old. the 17 year old's mom allows her to drink, stay out late and lets her 18 year old boyfriend spend the night with her. the 17 yo makes good grades in school but thats it, she doesn't ask her dad if she can do something, she tell's him. she has no manners and is very disrespectful. her mom let her get 2 tattoo's and she has a nose ring. she lies about everything and cusses like you would not believe. i live with her dad and she lives with us but she goes to her moms on the weekends. she has it made at our house, her dad does not make her do any chores, he constantly gives her money, lets her drive the car, she never tells him where she is going and she is so mean to her dad. i told her dad what she does when he isnt home but i am not allowed to get onto her or discipline her,when i tell him whats she's doing he tells me im nagging. the 12 year old is ok, i think he justs wants the 1 on 1 attention. he has hollered at me in the past and it took all i had not to slap him. he absolutely pays me no mind, they do the opposite of what i tell them to do. they are not my kids and i do not have any of my own but my 5 nieces and nephews who r teens do not act like these two at all. i love there dad with all my heart but they arent going to disrespect me in any way. do you think this will work? they are the only reason i havent married there dad yetKathy14 months ago Monica.. RUN, Run fast and far.  I married a guy with two kids that age.  At first when we just lived together they were standoffish, but eventually came around.  However, since we got married, they are rude, lazy, manipulative, selfish, greedy, etc.--you get the idea, brats.  He can complain about how the ex is spoiling the kids, not teaching them right, and if I even mention something negative about the ex, the situation or how the kids are being raised by her, he gets mad at me.  My advice to anyone contemplating a relationship or marriage with a person who has kids... DON'T DO IT.Girl Rage14 months ago Oh boy!! I have been through this as well. Unfortunately it takes both parents to be on board for this. It's the only way it will work. But if your already thinking about leaving and don't like this option. My advice would be to demand this respect, you have nothing to lose.I really struggled with the concept of discipling someone else's children for the first 3 years. And it was their father who encouraged me to put my foot down. Honestly it is important that you have your spouses support, but you have to do the foot work with your step child. It is the only way they will respect you. The bio parent can talk to their child till they are blue in the face, this will further the respect they have for their natural parent...and do nothing for you. Ultimately it was me that had to command that respect. And don't get me wrong it has been a work in progress. And still is. And once in a while I still shy aware from this, because it truly is an enormous amount of work, it's emotionally draining and physically tiring. Take it one step at a time. I have never used physical force with either my children, or my step children. In our home, if a child disrepects, defies etc. they lose a priviledge. From there we just continue to raise the bar, if the attitude or action does not improve. Make your own ground rules. And stick with them. Children do not 'need' to have anything outside of the basics. Food, shelter, clothing on their back(doesn't have to be their choice of what clothing though, if you get what Im saying) Nobody can accuse you of doing wrong as long as you provide them with the essentials, and you don't physically harm them. Do not engage in argument with them. Lay down the law, and only reiterate the rules. If they react with physical force, you are within your rights to restrain them, call the police or whatever it takes for them to get the message that this is not ok with you.I hope this helps. Don't give up, fight through this, the rewards are worth it. We live in a society now that thinks it's ok to run from everything that is 'hard'. Demand respect and leave the 'relationship status' in your spouses court.Good luck to all of you!!stepmom214 months ago I agree, I have 2 step children one is six and one is seven.  I have had a hard time getting them to understand that the rules at their mothers house are not the same rules at our house. They live with me and my husband full time they see there mother every now and then. Which is not very often . We calculated it up and she spends almost a whole month with them out of the year. things will start going well at our house the kids will be doing as they are suppose to and all the sudden she will call and want to see them.  My husband will let her see them supervised only because she is so unstable, but when they come back home I can see the hate and resentment in the oldest eyes. Me and my husband have talked about the situation and I have made it clear to him and the boys that i will not allow anybody to treat me or disrespect me in my own house.  I do not physically punish them but they do get in trouble I have gotten to the point that I tell them you make your own destiny I will not yell at you for not doing your chore or coming in when you are supposed to you have common sense and you know the rules of the house, if you want to do something your not suppose to make sure that you ask yourself this: would I rather hang out with my friends longer then I'm allowed or should i get home because I will automatically be grounded for two weeks...Is it worth it?  Like I tell them I am not the enemy. I am not here to take the place of your mother, but you need to respect me like you do your mother.  We have good times and we have bad, but I'm not going to let children determine whether me and my husband are going to last in our relationship. they have said some cruel things to me the youngest has went so far as to ask me when me and my daughter are going to move back into our home?? remind you me and my husband have been together almost 3 years now. In response I told him to never disrespect me like that again he knows where my home is and he knows I'm not going anywhere. Later that night he asked me where his dessert was I told him I don't know go ask somebody else that you don't have problem living with.  If you don't want me here don't expect me to cook for you, clean for you, or do your laundry, I'm not your personal maid and taxi. He hasn't said anything like that to me since. I believe you have to demand respect and if you ever stop you will be in so much trouble!paula13 months ago well looks like im not the only one. i have 4 step kids and 3 kids of my own, i meet my now husband 5 yrs ago, i did not want to fall n love but i did and he is the best thing that has happen to us. but the 4 kids come to visit and they tell my kids that their mom and her boyfriend talk trash about me and my kids, and the daughter has told my kids that their mother thinks im going to kill their dad cause my first husband died. i love him but when the kids come over they will not mind me they are rude and treat me and my kids like we are trash, when he is here they act diffrent, all we do is fight when the kids are here, his family treat my kids diffrent now too, what do i do.corlis12 months ago All I can say is WOW! I dont have enough fight in me to deal with my step son. He is 8 years old and very sneaky, says really rude stuff to me when his father is not around. and because I have a problem disciplining someone elses child I may say "dont talk to me like that", when I really should slap him in the mouth. I have my husbands support, but he does not like to ground him or forgets when he has done something wrong, and of course I never forget when he does something wrong. So it looks like i am picking on his son. I just dont like his son and it is really hard to love him, because he gets away with stuff that my kids dont get away with.  HELP ps his mother is a B.mom11 months ago Get professional help for the entire family. I've survived raising stepchildren and you need all the help you can get. My daughter is now "enjoying" the blended family marriage and I keep giving her advice, believe me there is life after the kids leave home, keep that in mind. My husband and I love our peaceful home now. Sending lots of prayers. :)Kristy11 months ago I am engaged to a woderful man and my kids are not happy at all about it. They make fun of him, disrespect me, back talk, and won't listen. I am ashamed of them. I just want to hide from them. These are my boys we are talking about. I am going to allow my fiance to take the reigns in parenting and put these boys thru some major boot camp. Their father is not involved. So I am blessed to have met such a loving, willing man. What is your thought on me giving the authority over for awhile, as long as I support him and enforce it?Di10 months ago Very sad that we all feel the same. I've been with my husband for over 11 years now. I have 2 kids from previous relationships, and we have twin 6 year olds. My SD is 15 now. Her family on her mothers side have never accepted that her dad my husband has married me. He had been seperated for 4 years at the point i met him, and his ex was engaged to someone else and living with them. Although my step daughter is quite sneaky about everything, so alot of what she does and says appear to be on the level. She historically has done some very snidy things, trying to turn my son against me. Blatantly ignoring me at her birthday party. Sarcastic looks and comments. When the girls were born, you could see the disgust in her face when they looked oriental and had dark hair (she's blonde). She's made racist comments. Although she is very careful not to do it in front of her dad. My boys admittedly are a handful, unfortunately, my husband is very laid back and doesn't really know boundaries or how to discipline. They lost respect for him, when they were younger as my sd would come round he'd tell the boys off, but if she did the same he wouldn't. I kept telling him, and he ignored it. He can see no bad in her. She is a lovely girl, but like most of you, over the years i have become resentful of her, and i don't want to be. She says one thing, then we later find out it's not the truth. She takes an element of truth and manipulates it into something completely out there. It is an attention thing, i've tried, but obviously she wants the attention from her biological parents, and i think resents me for being the one person who actually listens to her. I have nearly left my husband over the friction on many ocassions. It has taken me 11 years, to realise, nothing i do will make a difference in how she feels about me, or how i feel about her. So now, as her family think it's ok to ask ME for maintenance, and to pick her up, drop her off, pay for presents etc, but, it's 'not my business', that that is exactly what i am going to do. It's not my business, and it is down to them to sort any contact out etc. Oh and also, i should put her above my own children according to her family. Heh ho, hope you all find peace and a way forward.It is me!10 months ago I have been married 30 years.  My husband's daughter came into play about 8 years ago.  Current world events, convenienced the mother it was time for her daughter (age 27) to meet her natural father.  Everything seemed to be going fine until the daughter one day decided she did not have to or want to deal with me but directly with her father.  She relocated to be near her father and wanted to move in, along with her bedroom furniture.  I agreed to her moving in but disagreed to her bringing her bedroom furniture because we had a furnished bedroom that she could sleep in.  Long story short she did not move in because I was being unreasonable.  They never, to my knowledge, had any contact before this encounter eight years ago.  Now they do everything in secret, they talk on the phone and meet privately.  I am not oppose to an open relation between the two but I am opposed to the secret meetings.  My husband and I have three grown sons. My husband's reasons for this privacy is he does not his relationship with his daughter to upset me.  Am I being unreasonable to believe that we should all be a big happy family.  The daughter has no dealings with our sons, just her father. Please provide some insights.  Thanks.cr9 months ago I have been dating this guy for nine years and have helped raise his now ten year old son along with my three sons. My boyfriend has his son all the time and this kid lover to see how far he can push me on a daily base. I have told my boyfriend that i can't keep dealing with this everyday he always tells me if i can't deal with his son that is my choose. i just don't know what to do anymore i do love them both but i don't think i can deal with this for another eight yearsErica8 months ago OMG! I'm so happy i am not alone..I thought something was wrong with me for having such nasty feelings towards a child..I have been dating my boygfriend for 2yrs and his son is 3yrs old.. we have beenliving together for a year and a half...that little  brat knows how to work him..and his dad only feels sorry for him therefore never disciplines him and that makesme soooo mad!!! I'm not sure how much longer I can take this...I sometimes want to move to another country so we'll only get himevery summer for 2 weeks instead of 50/50..I know it's not smart to stay in a relationship like this because I'm prettysure we all know we will end up walking away from it one day..I wish it was easier to walk away from the man I LOVE..Tim8 months ago With the deepest honesty -- after reading some of these accounts -- I sooo feel your pain.  Man oh man I wish I could turn back the clock to three years ago and not have married a widowed woman with six kids.  Three of them are big problems and she allows her 17 year-old son to bully her into letting him drive a car anywhere, anytime he wants to while he gets bad grades in school, smokes pot, and lies constantly.  She rescinds every "punishment" with him as soon as I'm gone for a week or two two because I have to work 200 miles away and she always has an explanation of why it's "different" this time so that she drops every punishment.  It's a no-win situation for me.  If I try to intervene and discipline them, I'm the evil stepdad who doesn't really know them and if I do nothing, I get to witness all the horrible behaviour and complaining from my wife about how she doesn't know what to do and it is so hard because their late father died a horrible death from cancer and the kids never got disciplined.  WTF was I thinking when I married her?pati8 months ago I am a lesbian and have been married for a year and so months. My partner has three older kids one of them is a boy and going to be 15 and the middle boy child is 13 and the youngest which is a girl is 12. I been disrespected and many othere things by these kids and the mother, acts like there perfect and never lie! They continue to put me and the mother at war and so bad that im ready to leave her and never look back! When me and started in the beggining it was so perfect and let me tell you she never mentioned she had kids untill later on in the relationship. If i would of known from the start she had kids i would of never hooked up with her. Well her daughter acts like a princess and gets in the middle of our relationship and makes false comments and she has made it cleear that she dont like me and wants me out of her mothers life! The othere boys they have said they hated me and wish there mother was with someone else who was beautiful and didnt tell them anything at all. I've tried to make her see that her kids are aleays making rude comments and being disrespectful twords me but she continues to tell me that its all in my head? I resent these kids because they have caused probles that neither her and i can fix anymore! And the honest truth i want out of that marrage and to never see there ugly faces again. I'.m starting to hate the mother because being that we share a life we should always be their for one another. But were not i dont have her support and she prtty much bases her life is made of them and only them but confuses me because she always saids how she loves me and how she can live without me and how she'll commit suicide if im not her's? I dont understand and i need help!!! Should i go or should i stay?Brandy K5 months ago I have a 14 year old will not do a thing I ask.He tells me no and fights with me and his other 3 bothers all the time But then acts like he has do NO Wrong when his dad is home  Me and my hubby do not fight til the 14 year old comes in to the pic. I have been fighting with him for 4 years.I am sick of it.If we have to do the d word I hate to but I will.Rosalinda5 months ago I have been in this relationship with my boyfriend for a yr already and been with him just as long..We moved in together mighty fast yes..I have 4 children 8,6,4,2 and he has a 12 yr old who will be 13 in September.My children are well mannered to other people especially adults but his son oh my god i want knock some sense into that kid most of the time.He has no manners whatsoever!very disrespectful to others,and talks back to everyone.His dad let him do basically whatever and has spoiled him rotten since he is his dads only child unlike my kids.So once i moved in i set the rules but this kid thinks since he's his dads son he's suppose to get the same treatment as his dad..He has officially lost his mind..I HURTS ME TO SAY THIS BUT I CAN'T STAND HIS KID!!!Here recently i just found out he has been running his mouth about me to not only his mother but my boyfriends mother.No wonder me&his mom and my boyfriends mom are on bad terms..I've had enough of this kid who will be 13 that acts like a rude 7yr old..Not even that he treats my 2 yr old ugly and makes comments like,"I WONDER WHAT AN INFANT COFFIN LOOKS LIKE.."Mind u this kid is big like 5'7 weighs like 2hundred pounds and uses force torwards my child..I get mad and tell him stuff then he starts talkin back.If that was my kid best believe his mouth would have been busted up because i dont take crap like that but since he aint i cant bust his butt how i want.I tell my boyfriend and all he says is,"ill talk to him."but those talks dont work cuz if they did i wouldnt be here..On the verge of walkin out on this relationship and NEVER TURNING BACK with no regret!I need help or else im done with this relationship!Eric4 months ago For many of the people who have commented here, I have a tidbit of advice:If you no longer respect your mate, or if they refuse to discipline their out-of-control kids, leave.  Seriously.  Tell your husband or wife to go !@#$ themselves and get your own place.  One of two things are guaranteed to happen:1.  They will change.2.  They will not change and you will live on your own.Either way, you win.  I was in that situation once, and ended up leaving to go live by myself for a while.  It was amazing, I learned so much about myself while living alone.  I've decided to not re-marry anyone and just enjoy the remainder of my life with friends and my kids.  Amazingly enough, my ex and I have become friends, her new husband and I hang out together a few times per month.  She and I were a horrible match, so I am glad to see she is happier now.  And, on some level, I think she is happy to finally see me happy.For too long, I felt like I *had* to be with somebody to be happy.  Sometimes you just have to be on your own to find that happiness.  An emotionally poisonous environment will kill any chance to find peace and contentment in your life, and nobody is worth that.SadinSeattle4 months ago So glad I found you all.  Stepkids are evil pieces of shit from hell and I can see I am not the only one going through this crap.  So sorry you all are going thru it too.  Wow.  I think the marriage is over now that I see there is really no hope.Craig4 months ago I have an 8 year old son who I have every weekend, My GF has 2 kids that live with us 24-7. At first the dad would have them occasionally, sometimes 2 weekends a month and a visit during the week for a few hours.His GF kicked him out several months ago and now he has no place to call home and bounces around from hotel, to family member to car.My Kid has alway been very respectful and listened to me and any adult, he is also pretty shy guy and introverted for the most part.er two children, 10 and six are the complete opposite. They Lie, the 6 year old still poops in their pants, attention span of about 2 minutes.for instance yesterday we went for a drive, and we told them we wanted a quite drive, well, we must have told the daughter 20 times in an hour to be quiet.Im just tired of their ways and I see its starting to affect my son adversly. I've talked to their mom and we tri to present a unified front but its not working, seems were always giving them warnings and not enough punishments.We just bought a new house and moved in last week after living together for 8 months in apartment. but im ready to leave.concerned3 months ago I have been with my husband now for 6 years. He has 4 kids by 4 other women. They are 19,19,18,17,Then we have our 2 daughters. Ours are 5 and 3. His kids are always calling for money and he wants to send it but when I tell him no we cannot afford it he gets mad or he tells them before asking me that he will send them some.. I do the bills so I know what we can afford. He has 2 ex wives who come inbetween us all the time! One of them is a lesbian now and his 18 year old daughter calls the parnter dad when she is a woman... Only calls my husband for money. She tells  her dad that she hates me and wants nothing to do with me or him is long is he is with me..but a month later cals him and asks for money.. the other daughter lived with us and was stealing from me, got into our safe twice to take money out,was getting in trouble by the law but it was all our fault. When u have an ex wife who laughs when they find out their kid is doing drugs and says why did you not share with me...that is bad! We hve gotten to the point where I cannot do anything for my two daughters because his older kids who have jobs or are capable of getting one is sucking us dry all because they wanted to grow up to fast.. we fight almost every single day over his kids and it gets no where. he would rather make his ex wives happy so he dont have to deal with them but make it a living hell for me his own wife!!!!!!!! what to do..help me3 months ago I don't know what to do. I need some adivse. Here is my problem. I have found the woman I have searched my whole life for. She is beautiful and I love her so much! Here is the problem. I have two girls 10,8 from a previous marriage and she has two boys 7 and 3 from a previous marriage. The problem is that the boys disrespect me all the time. They give me bad looks and say things like your not my dad etc... My wife doesnt do anything about but see's they have a issues sometimes. If I say anything about it to my wife she tells me its always going to be like this. She doesnt see how the boys can be so mean to me. I feel like I support them and they are with us all the time except for the summer. When my kids are with me for every other weekend its not the same. I feel that its always a double standard on things. I just dont know what to do. I love her so much and try to be a father to her boys but they just treat me like crap. Looks, comments etc and they talk back to her and me the same. Help me! I dont know what else to do.At wiits end2 months ago My husband and I have been together over 30 years and recently he was admitted to long term care due to Alzheimer's. I cared for him at home until he became violent with almost no help from any of his family.  He has 5 children, all adults, 45 to 53.  One of his daughters is presently causeing me a lot of stress.  She no longer speaks to me and won't tell me why.  She has been taking her dad out of the home and not telling me she is going to.  I have gone to visit him and of course he is not there.  I really am pleased to see that she is taking an interest in her dad.  While I struggled with him at home, she rarely came by, never called or even returned calls. I am trying to get the home to ask my permission for anyone to take him out, not too much to ask, I don't think.  This daughter even lived with us for different periods of time and I have asked her to put aside our differences, whatever they may be, for her father's sake but she ignores my request.  Does anyone have any ideas?  Help!Abebido2 months ago Hi, i feel very sad to read all comments and issues on relationship with stepkids or step adolescence. It is very hard to deal with. i have gone throuht some site and collected this info. hope it will help us all. Dealing with step-children is not a clear-cut process that you can establish easily. Your relationship  with your spouse plays a direct role in determining how you will deal with the step-children. But the major key to succeed in these relationships are: Patience, Understanding and an ability to forgive. Really!You have to establish yourself in the step-children's lives before you can discipline them effectively.Be patient. This will take time and patience.Build trust with your step-children by doing as you say.Don't Try to Replace Their Other Mom or Dad, Remind yourself that gender and age does matter when dealing with adolescents. Girls mature faster than boys. Different developmental tasks occur each year and children uniquely deal with change depending on how they've been brought up. Forgive the pout, the outburst, the name-calling. They're testing you. You are the grown up and you have invaded their world. They are off-balance. Accept the fact that not all step-children will accept you but you can still have a civil relationship.GOOD LUCK TO ALL INVOLVED!!!!!Aimee10 days ago This is a very interesting subject especially because I'm going through the same problem myself. I have been with my husband now for four years and he already has two kids of his own from his previous relationships before we got together. His oldest is now 14 and his second one is 5 years old. I myself also has a kid from a previous marriage and he is now 11 years old. My husband and I have a kid together and he is now 2 years of age. Now the 5 year old has been a tremendous challenge from the moment I met her. I've observed so many behavioral problems with this kid needless to say she came from a difficult time with her biological mother during her first 1 1/2. When my husband and I were planning our wedding 2 years ago, I was even reconsidering calling the wedding off because I didn't want to deal with his 5 year old daughter's stubbornness. My friends who has also met the 5 year old has warned me, that she will be the cause of our fights in the future. I recognized my friends' concerns but I still went on ahead with the marriage because I do love my husband dearly. It has been two years of our marriage now and the 5 year old's challenging behavior has not seem to subside. I feel like I am the only one consistently disciplining her and not my husband. It is really tearing my relationship with my husband. It seems like my feelings for my husband has slowly been deteriorating because of the situation that we have to deal with because of her stubbornness. I have mentioned and called out loudly that I am done with this partnership because I do not want this added stress in my life. I have watched nanny 911 and other kids shows to make me  more aware  what I have missed about how to deal with difficult behaviors. I have done several researches about behavioral problems during my nursing school 15 years ago and this is definitely putting me to the test on how to react to resolve her stubbornness. I continue to fail because I feel like I'm the only consistent disciplinarian and my husband is not. I'm so puzzled with what I should be doing to keep my sanity intact. I'm usually an easy going person but ever since I have been dealing with this situation, I have became this bitter and unhappy individual. I don't think it's fair for me or my kids to be in this type of distress. I just don't know what to do. PLEASE GIVE MY SOME ADVICE TO HELP ME GET THROUGH THIS AND SAVE MY MARRIAGE. I love my husband so much and I don't want to lose him.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites78jeepfan43From Topeka12 Followers7 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by jeepfan43Contact jeepfan43Follow jeepfan43Subscribe to jeepfan43's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk jeepfan43 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsHow to deal with a narcissistic parent, partner, or child?asked by T.D. Mitchell 14 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionHow do you bring up Teens, not to raise their voice at you?asked by Lady_E 13 months ago8 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsHow To Fix a Bad Relationship With Your Parentsby Shil1978Building faith through sorrow, adversity and loss::The...by DobsonSurviving daily abuse from a motherby Sue St. ClairThe Real Deal On The Student Loan Crisisby sir_tallestTop 10 Best Careers, Attractions; and Employment Trends in...by Patty Inglish, MSTop 10 High Demand Jobs in Kingston, Ontarioby Patty Inglish, MSTagsfamily parenting stepkids Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.139 sec)  working