What's the best and healthiest way to mend a severely broken heart?HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsGender and RelationshipsRelationship Problems and AdviceBreaking UpWhat's the best and healthiest way to mend a severely broken heart?What's the best and healthiest way to mend a severely broken heart?82rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy NordyBroken Heart xocolat shroom on FlickrAhhh - the only condition of the heart that cannot be cured or treated by modern medicines potions and procedures  the broken heart! Defined by Wikipedia, the Internets free encyclopedia, as a common metaphor used to describe the intense emotional pain or suffering one feels after losing a loved one, through death, divorce, moving, being dumped, or other means. More aptly, defined by one suffering from the affliction as living hell.   See also: heartache, agony, anguish, devastation, sorrow, grief So we all know what a broken heart is.  But what we really want to know, as that famous trio of harmonic brothers put it, is "And how can you mend a broken heart?  How can you stop the rain from falling down?  How can you stop the sun from shining?  What makes the world go round?  How can you mend this broken man?  How can a loser ever win?  Please help me mend my broken heart and let me live again."  - The Bee Gees The honest answer is there are no 'best' or 'healthiest' ways to mend a broken heart. Each person is unique, and what works for one may not work for another. But despite our differences, we can feel comforted (if that's possible) by the knowledge that the suffering we feel is not unique to us alone. Its a human condition. Every living, breathing, feeling human being suffers a broken heart at least once in their lifetime. No one is immune, no matter how beautiful, talented, or rich some may be. All you have to do is open any tabloid magazine in publication to know that. And while we are all prone to suffering a broken heart at some point in our lives, there are no instant cures. But there are good ways, and not-so-good ways, to get through and over one.    Helpful versus Unhelpful Coping SkillsThe terms coping skills refers to a set of behaviours a person develops and regularly utilises to help him or her manage difficult situations or painful feelings. Like any other behaviour, some are useful and help us to move forward, while others are unhelpful and hold us back. But how do you know the difference?  It would be easy to think that any coping skill that helps you feel better is a good one.  Unfortunately it is not that simple. Revenge might make you feel better, at least temporarily, but it is not necessarily a good way of coping with your grief and loss. Why? Because the relief you will feel will be short-lived, and what you will feel afterwards will make you feel even worse than you did before. Feeling better is not the same as dealing with and getting over a heart break. Feeling better implies an absence of bad feelings, and this could be achieved by any means  avoidance, psychoactive substances, or revenge - just as much as healthy coping skills. Getting over implies moving on with your life  learning from the pain, and going forward.  So, in essence, a good coping skill is one that helps you to feel better in the long run; one that teaches you new lessons about life and helps you to grow as a person.  And a bad one is one that teaches you nothing, does nothing to help you in the future, and is aimed solely at avoidance of pain. Break Up  NKDBY on FlickrThe Nature of the Broken HeartMany things can cause a broken heart, and only the sufferer can diagnose one. You just know it when you feel it. Divorce, break ups, and death are common causes of heartache, but almost anything could be a catalyst, depending on how it affects the person. Some people are even broken hearted after events that are supposed to be happy, i.e. retirement, moving to a new home, etc. No one can say what is or isnt a reasonable cause. The pain that a person feels is real, no matter what the reason for it is. The way that you cope, however, all depends on the cause.  For the sake of convenience, we will look at the ways of dealing with a broken heart instigated by one of the most common causes of this malady  breaking up with a partner.   Hugs from Nice by Athanassia on FlickrHealthy Ways to Heal a Broken HeartThe first role of thumb in your journey to recovery is to remember that one simple thing weve already discussed  you are not alone. You are not the first person to go through a break up and you certainly wont be the last. Brad and Jen, Charles and Diana, Jude and Sienna  theyve all been just where you are now, in heartbreak hotel. As lonely as you may feel right now, dont let your pain isolate you or make you feel alone. If nothing else connects humanity, the pain of a broken heart certainly does. From America to Zambia  I can guarantee we all feel the same when it comes to being dumped! If nothing else can be achieved from your grief, let it be a reminder of your humanness and connectedness to the rest of mankind.   Talk to other people about how you are feeling, they may be able to offer you some wise advice on mending a broken heart or if not, at least offer you some comfort.    Crying by GiNeT on FlickrGo ahead and cry! Crying is a healthy way to release pent up emotions and has been proven to be a key trigger in the release of endorphins into the blood stream. Endorphins are the bodys natural pain relievers. So if you think that by avoiding crying you will be avoiding pain, what you could actually be avoiding is pain-relief. Tears are also another way that the body cleanses toxins from its system. So, if you think metaphorically about it, each tear you cry is a sort of self-made detoxification tool that purges your body of the bad feelings you are left with after your breakup.  Dont worry if you cant cry  its not something that comes naturally to everyone. Instead, find a remote space where you can be alone for awhile, and scream your lungs out! Or, try vigorous exercise  another key trigger for releasing endorphins into your system.     I Love You! by Surlygrrrl on FlickrRemember and think about everyone who does love you. Sometimes being dumped can make you feel as if you are totally unlovable or as if no one will ever love you again. Or, if you were the one who instigated the breakup, even if for a good reason, it can leave you feeling as if you are an awful person. Make a list of all your good qualities and positive attributes  the things that other people love about you and/or that you like about yourself. If youre too down and are struggling to think of anything positive  ask other people, they will remind you! Surround yourself with these people if you can. Spend time with family and friends, and remember that your ex isnt the first person to have loved you and wont be the last. He or she also wont be the last one youll love!  "Hydradermie Facial by advancedbeautycare.com in Burlingame California" by GuinotGirl on Flickr Pick your self-esteem up from the floor and do something nice for yourself  something that will make you feel good about being you! Pamper yourself and get a new hairstyle, buy a new outfit, or get a facial/manicure/pedicure. Or, better yet, do all of the above! Maybe take up a new hobby  a writing class, cooking, working out, origami  whatever! Just do something different to what you usually did when you were with your ex. Doing something different signifies to the world and to yourself that you are moving on with your life rather allowing yourself to be crippled by your heart ache. It doesnt matter whether or not you feel like you are moving on inside; sometimes the action comes first and the feeling follows later.  Just make sure that whatever you are doing is something that is ultimately good for your overall health and your view of yourself. The added bonus of getting busy is that it will serve as a welcomed distraction stopping you from sitting home and pining over him or her.    Gaze Into My Crystal Ball by lauralemur on FlickrTry to adopt a slightly detached or academic attitude towards your situation and your feelings about it.  In a sense, try to put yourself in the future and imagine vividly a time when you wont be so raw with emotion, when you will feel happy again. This is definitely more difficult to do than the rest of the suggestions we have discussed, but nevertheless important. Bear in mind that this is not the same as escaping into denial. What I am suggesting is that you simply allow yourself to feel bad, knowing that it is a normal part of life, that it will pass, and that you will emerge from the experience a better, more evolved person. Do not over-identify with your feelings and thoughts. Do not judge yourself or your ex if you can help it. Relationships dissolve for many reasons, and as clich as it may sound, you two are not together anymore for a reason, one that will only become obvious to you in time. Only God and the Universe may be aware of that reason right now. But one day there will come a man or woman into your life who will be very glad that you have suffered this break up, because it has meant that you are free to be with them! I believe that every failed relationship a person endures teaches them something about relationships in general, and helps them evolve into the kind of person who is ready to be with their lifes true love.  So, essentially, every break up brings you closer to Mr. or Miss Right.   No Puking! by QuestingBeast on FlickrWhat Not To Do With a Broken HeartDont Drink or use drugs to block it out. The pain will still be there in the morning, plus youll have a bad head or hang over. Even worse, you could end up adding to your problems by throwing in an addiction on top of a broken heart.  Jump straight into another relationship. Occasionally, rebound relationships do work out. But more often than not, someone just ends up getting hurt. You cant cure one broken heart with another one.  Slip into denial. Pretending everything is okay, or that you arent at all bothered by your break up is not really a way of dealing with pain. Its really only a way of delaying it. Sooner or later you will feel the wrath of your heart ache, and the sooner really is the better.  Isolate yourself. No man is an island, as John Donne says. Reach out to the people in your life who care for you. Everyone needs a shoulder now and then.  Dwell too much. While it is important to allow yourself to feel the pain of a broken heart as part of growing up, life really must go on. Feel your feelings, but dont stop living while you feel them.  Good Pick-Me-Ups to Try1. Read inspirational stories, books, and poems that describe how others have transcended their broken hearts and become happy or even fallen in love again.    2. Write out your feelings in a journal or diary. Become your own therapist.  3. Write your ex a letter telling him or her everything that upsets you about your break up  then tear it up and throw it out.  4. Volunteer. Sometimes the best way to help yourself is by helping others. 5. Join a self-help group or see a counselor if things dont seem to be getting any better in a few months time.   If all else fails, just remember that time really is the greatest healer! One day, you will no longer feel as bad as you do now. So for now, just try to grin and bear it! vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome (2)Beautiful (1)CommentsKika Rose2 years ago That was such a beautiful answer to my request. Thank you for your wonderful tips and advice. :) I should go out and pamper myself! I haven't done that in forever. Thanks again!Nordy2 years ago I'm glad it helped. According to your profile you sound like a lovely girl, I am one hundred percent sure that it won't be very long until you find love again, if that's what you want. If not - just make the most of your single life and have fun for now!jtboswell19 months ago Great advice!!!! Great hub..Nordy19 months ago Thanks jt!eddy_keeper18 months ago i really need a helpNordy18 months ago Sorry to here that eddy - hope you find the article helpful. Have you thought of seeing a counsellor?joyouseness16 months ago aww... i love this.. and yes I am becoming my own therapist.. :PNordy16 months ago Thanks so much, and your user name says it all - what a great name! May your journey of self-therapy bring even more joy to you!mushugna15 months ago ive felt the pain before.  but not like this. and that leads me to let you know. I too had been calmed through your wisdom but at the end you say to us "just grin and bear it" if i had not been in heartbreak hotel before i may not be concerned as if to say take the baby steps cafeful fragile then WHAM just grin and bear it. not trying to critisize hello iknow that feeling only we are one of gods special children for the extrordenary unimaginablehorrific psin for the loss of s child parent pet anyone who has LOVE in their lives you all know how sick you become when i had to let go of my soulmate of26 years on and off relationship i didnt imagine a human could experience pain and live to open their eys or want to. im 47  for my friend it was to me as if i was simply a thorn in his foot and watching his actions (their are times when action are much louder than any words that could be said)that act of him being cold and nonconcerned about what we were going through just about killed me from the inside out for i loved him from the inside out he didnt have money a home a car nothing  but god sent me to love him and i did but he never felt tha same way didnt know this i want people to be careful during this life altering transformation embrace your heart and know you are a good person and it will hurt when it heals but dont stop love in your heart you wont be able to and it is what god put us on earth for  thats all for the act of 'LOVENordy15 months ago Sorry to hear about the tremendous heartbreak you have been through, it is clearly causing you a lot of turmoil. I should also apologise for my choice of phrases at the end, 'grin and bear it' was not intended to trivialise anyone's pain, but rather just a way of saying do whatever you can to bare the pain the best you can and get through it, as it too shall pass. It sounds like you have not given up on love and that's a good thing.hannah10 months ago Thank you so much especially the bit of writing a letter to him about the things that upset me and then tearing it up.Also knowing that this heart break is drawing me closer to my Mr.Right.Lamme9 months ago Thanks for the helpful coping suggestions!Nordy9 months ago Dear Hannah & Lamme:You are both welcome - I glad that this hub was helpful to you. Hope that your hearts are healed and inspired again very soon!Deborah8 months ago Thanks heaps. Me and my boyfriend have had an up and down relationship for 5 yrs, especially bad over the last year. I know he's not in love with me but I've been holding onto something that's not there I think. Today I realised I'm not being fair to myself because I give everything to try to make us work and he just keeps living his life for him, not us. I just read your comment and it helped put things into perspective a bit and I know what I have to do...it's just still hard to face it.  I've been living with a broken heart for the past year and I've been trying to do things just for me but never actually feel better. If I act as if I am past the worst stage and live my life looking toward the future then hopefully in time I'll find what actually makes me happy.Thanks.ALFRED KAWAMA7 months ago I am currently facing this darkest momment of my life time after being dumped by a girl I TRULLY LOVE.From the time i realised that she does not love me any more I felt bad and unwanted and thought love is not wat i leave for...in short most of things you have sugested sound so powerful to heal my troubled heart,am pretty sure this what i needed thank youNordy7 months ago Deborah - Sorry to hear about your struggles. I think your realisation that you're giving all of yourself when (by the sounds of it?) he gives very little for you is one that sadly many people come to near the end of a relationship. All relationships are like dances when sometimes one partner gives more than the other, but the scales should not be tipped permanently in one direction. When you heart is aching, try to take some of that love you feel so intensely for him and wrap yourself in it. That is, try to feel the same amount of caring, compassion and nurturing towards yourself, and know that you are only going to feel this pain for such a short time in teh grand scheme of your life. Good luck luv.Alfred - My heart goes out to you, such a difficult place you are in at the moment. I am glad that you found this hub helpful. Is there anyone else besides your girlfriend you could reach out to - like friends, family, or collegaues? Being dumped can definitely leave a person feeling unwanted, but reminding ourselves of the other people in our life that care can be a good way to combat this. Always remember that just because she doesn't love you anymore does not mean that there is anything inherently wrong with you. Her heart has changed for only reasons she knows. Best of luck and I wish you courage and strength through this difficult time.lady warrior5 months ago thank you for your insights. i feel better after reading this. i have been through a lot of pain myself when my last relationship broke down. it's nearly two years now. i have not gone out with anyone. i seem to have lose interest. however, i still believe in love. i refused to hasten my healing process by getting on with the next available guy because i dont want to inflict any kind of pain on anyone just because i suffered some on my own. i used the time alone to think about what happened and what caused the break up. as i think about the whole matter it becomes clearer to  me what i'd settle for and what not. you're right, crying does help. i cry almost all the time in the course of 2 years. i didn't refrain myself from feeling all those negative stuff that came from the break up. if i am to feel them now's the time for me to do so - while im recovering. then it just came to me one day that im no longer crying because of what happened but rather because i have come to terms with my own mistakes. going through this phase helped me forgive myself and him. im a better person now. when i look in the mirror i not only like the reflection that i see - i love myself more because i braved the tears and sadness without breaking myself completely. i felt a renewed strength inside. that's something worth smiling about :)Nordy4 months ago Lady warrior - It sounds like you have been through a very difficult period in your life, but have come out of it with tremendous growth. Forgiving yourself and your ex is such a huge but important step. I am glad that you have found your inner strength, but I do hope that if the pain is still so great,  you aren't shy of getting professional help, as it can go a long way to aiding in the recovery process. Best wishes to you!Liberate4 months ago Loved Her With My Entire Heart; Would Live And Breath For Her; Give My Life For Her.Felt Happy; Couldnt Thank God Enough, For Giving Me Her... Even Considered Her More Then Human; an Angel.Tried My Heart Out; Cried My Soul to Tears to kee...p her with me; just for her to say She Loved Me.Believed If You Have God by Your Side, Anythings Possible; At One Stage; I Considered Her Being Everything to Me; Would of Begged to Spend My Life with Her...Lost My Grip With Love, My Heart; It Hit The Floor Breaking; Im Trying And Trying To Find That Reason For Life...(Goes To Manly To Try and Meet Her; We Dont. We Talk On Msn More The Next Day)Her: Thank You! I Love You! Youre An Amazing Person; Too Bad Ladies; Hes Mine! Me: You Have No Idea What You Mean to Me, Youre Amazing in Every Way! I Love You More!Her: Aww, Thank You; I Dont Know Why You Love Me So Much; I Love YOU MoreMe: Because youre The Reason I Want to Live My Life; youre everything! ( That Night )--------------------------------Me: Mum! Can I Get Married At 18?Mum: Who With Her?Me: Yes, I Would Love ToMum: Shes Just Going To Hurt You...Me: I Dont Believe She Will...( Next Day )Me:Youll Marry Me? Please; I Cant Imagine Someone More Amazing!Her: Of Course; Ill Give You Children; Ill Spend My Life With YouMe: Youre An Angel; I Wont Believe Anything Less!(Her Friend Adds Me)Friend: Dude? Whats Wrong With You? Ive Been Dating Her For Like A Week Now; We Even Kissed A Day Ago; Youre Just A Cyber Boyfriend...Me: She Hasnt said A Word To Me! Maybe Youre Mistaken With Another Peron? I Deeply Love Her! Why Wouldnt She Tell Me She Has A Relationship?Friend: I Dont Know; She Loves Me...----------------------------------------------------------Me: Is It True? Do You Have A Relationship with Him? Its Fine... Even If I Love You, I Want You To be Happy With Him; please Leave MeHer: No, I Couldnt Break Hes Heart By Saying I Dont Love Him, Without You; I Dont Want To Be Alive; Youre Everything To Me!Me: Then? Why Are You Kissing Other People?Her: Ohh, Stop Reminding Me; It Was An Accident(Next Day; In The Morning)Her: I thought about What I did... I Dont Want To Live Anymore, Im Going To Kill MyselfMe: Dont You Dare! Youre Worth So Much, Youre Wanted By Everyone! Youre Still An Amazing Girl! Please Dont Kill Yourself!Her: I Dont Care; Im Going To A Party Today; I Promise Ill Kill Myself; I Love You(Goes Offline; I Spend The Entire Day Being Worried; Comes Back on At Night)Me: Youre Alive?! Please Dont Do This To Me! Ive Worried Like You Wouldnt Believe! I Was In Tears!Her: Yeah Im Alive... I Was Thinking About You The Entire day; By The Way... There Are Some Photos Of Me Kissing Him; Dont Worry... It Was Just A Dare..( Sees The Photos Of The Person You Love; Kissing Another Guy... Hurting Me Like You Wouldnt Believe... She And Him also Place Them As Their Display Picture)Me: Why Did You Kiss Him? You Said You Loved Me?Her: Relax, It Was Just A Dare, I Love You; Youre PerfectMe: I Dont Deserve To Be Treated This WayHer: Relax, Were Not Even in A Official RelationshipMe: what Do You Mean? We Say We Love Each Other Every single Day? Ive Tried Meeting You, You Just Havent Turned Up...Her: Yeah, But We Havent Met; So Yeah...Me: But I Love You More Than Anything...(She Goes Offline; I Talk To Her Friend)Me: Well? What Do You Think Of Daring Someone To Kiss Another Person? If You Loved Someone Else? Would You Do It?Her Friend: No, She Wasnt Even Dared To Kiss Him; They Kissed Like 40 TimesMe: She Said It Was A Dare!Her Friend: Trust Me, It Wasnt(Next Morning)Me: Why Would You lie to me? You Said You Loved Me...Her: When I Was Kissing Him, I Was Thinking Of You... Ohh, And I Love You In A Friend Way...Me: Friend Way? Since When? You Said Youll Marry Me?Her: Well, I Have Him NowMe: Well, Youve Found Love, Ive Been Hurt Soo Much By You; I Think We Should Stop Talking EntirelyHer: No, Please! You Mean Soo Much To Me! You Mean Everything, I Was thinking Of You When I Kissed Him!Me: Stop Talking! Youre Just Using Me for Your Entertainment; All You Want Is AttentionHer: hahaha, What Ever... Im Only 16; And Besides; My Parents Dont Like ItaliansMe:  Why Are You Telling Me This Now!? Ive Been Doing Everything For You; I Couldnt Stop Thinking Of You, You Dated Someone Else; While Saying You Loved Me... And You Parents Havent Even Met MeHer: WhateverI'm Still Trying!Nordy3 months ago Wow, that's quite a story. I am glad you are still trying. Love grows and matures with time and age, and I'm sure you will find someone who is worthy of your devotion some day. Just remember that true love never asks you to be untrue to yourself. Keep your chin up:)lambservant3 months ago What an awesome hub Nordy. So practical and actually common sense. Unfortunately, when we are in the throes of a heart break, common sense is not the first thing that comes to mind. So thanks for a very beautiful and useful hub.PS After reading two of your hubs I am now a follower and a fan. Keep on doing what your doing.Nordy3 months ago Thanks so much lambservant. I appreciate all your lovely comments, and I am happy to be following you now as well!TRACIE2 months ago hii first met my x 24 yrs ago we had just 1 kiss then circumstances seperated us.then we met with up 6 yrs ago i was dating his friend when we realised who the other one was, i couldn,t believe it as i really had tried to find him for years and still very often thought about him..i parted with his friend and lost contact again. i met up with him 18 months ago he was single an so was i ..we got on great although i always thought he still loved his ex..i found out 2 days ago from his ex that when i stayed at the hospital for a week with my dying mother they met up and had a sexual relationship for that week..he said it was something he had to do to find out if he did still love her...now i have told him i cant forgive him and we have finished im devestated as i thought i could trust him and we,d talked about marriage i really thought he was the one...so do i forgive him and start again or stay away from him please help me x thankyou tracie xNordy2 months ago Wow, Tracie, that's a really difficult question to answer! There are so many other factors to consider apart from his infidelity. Infidelity in and of itself does not necessarily have to spell the end of a relationship, and in rare circumstances it can even strengthen it if both partners work unbelievably hard at addressing the reasons for it and getting past it. On this note, however, I would be inclined to worry about such a lengthy (a week's worth as oppose to one slip up) liaison that occurred when your relationship was still relatively new (less than 18 months?). What made you think he was still in love with his ex? I have to say that sleeping with an ex is not a legitimate way to find out whether or not he still loves her - just being with her would answer that question. Sleeping with her would only prove to him whether or not he still loves sleeping with her. Do you see what I mean?So sorry to hear about all that you have been through. I know its no consolation but it seems that for whatever reason, this relationship was an important part of your path, one that might not eludicate itself for some tiem to come. Bless you!Star5 weeks ago I've been reading several articles about how to deal and cure a broken heart because it's how mine is. I feel very depressed, a little less right now. I'd like this feeling disappears suddenly because it hurts too much; I really loved him, he told me he was in loved with me and overnigh he vanished. Why do people act like this when I did my best, opened my heart to him and I was very caring and sincere? It's not fair.I do want to heal :(BestConcerns5 weeks ago Very helpful and informative.Good work.Criztina_D5 weeks ago beautifully written. You gave me many points at this time in my life. Thank you!Nordy5 weeks ago Star - I can understand you wanting this feeling to disappear as soon as possible, the heart ache you are going through must be tremendous. Unfortunately though it seems we people learn more from our painful experiences than our happy ones. Not that its any consolation, but the pain that you are experiencing now will help you down the road somewhere. I understand you did your best, but try not to personalize it too much. For whatever reason he vanished, it was his own issue, not yours. It's not fair, but someday you will be able to put this all behind you. My sinderest best wishes go out to you.BestConcerns - Thanks for yoru inout, i look forward to reading some of your work.Criztina_D - Welcome to Hubpages and thank you for your lovely comment. My hat goes off to you, single moms (or dads) are the most amazing people in this world. I wish you the best and look forward to reading more from you!Star5 weeks ago Thank you, Nordy. My head has been spinning trying to find a reason to calm down, but better, I'll try to move on. Perhaps, one day, I meet that special one.Thanks for your reply.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesAids to Coping With Break UpsIt's Not Me, It's You: Getting over a break-up in the age of technologyAmazon Price: $14.95The Breakup  Workbook: A Common Sense Guide to Getting Over Your ExAmazon Price: $8.997-ElevenAmazon Price: $1.99Forgetting Sarah Marshall (Two-Disc Unrated Collector's Edition)Amazon Price: $5.25List Price: $19.98Getting over Him: Cosmo's Complete Break-Up Survival Handbook (Cosmopolitan)Amazon Price: $5.99The Top 10 Break Up Mistakes:How to Get Your Ex Lover Back Even After Making Every Mistake In The BookAmazon Price: $2.9991NordyFrom Canada84 Followers18 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by NordyContact NordyFollow NordySubscribe to Nordy's RSS feedAnswers The QuestionWhat's the best and healthiest way to mend a severely broken heart?asked by Kika Rose 2 years ago5 answersAnswer this question Ask a QuestionAsk Nordy a question based on this Hub.Questions Asked on this Hubshe broke up with me nearly two years ago. it was a 10 year relationship. i'm now 30 years old,...asked by alonso79 3 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsBroken Heart-- The Biggest Myth About Break Ups That Keep...by Susie and OttoBreaking up and getting her backby glassvisage5 Reasons Not to Get Back with Your Exby M. RoseBest Break up Quotes and Sayingsby twentyfiveHeart Broken? Struggle With Your Feelings and Pain: The...by cottontailFeelings of Denial When a Relationship You're In  Endsby Kathryn Vercillo Breaking Up ForumTopicRepliesNeed knowledge/experience and adviceposted by Miichan2I broke it off but i still love him - should we still try? posted by emotionalchick24I dont know when to end it. Please HELPposted by _ineed2Bprttyagn_54Post a new topic10 more topics Tagslove advice relationships divorce break up breaking up Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.104 sec)  working