How to Create Immortality Within Your Lifetime.HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceHome Schooling and Life Experience EducationSelf-Education Advice and TipsHow to Create Immortality Within Your Lifetime.How to Create Immortality Within Your Lifetime.74rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy PearldiverThe tangible possessions of tranquility and wisdom. See all 6 photosEmbrace that which we do not know.Plant the seeds of your Immortality in fertile ground.How to Create Immortality Within Your Lifetime; by Pearldiver, looks at the journeys that we travel within our lifetimes and why they may not necessarily be the journeys of choice. Each step that we take on our paths, determines what we achieve and what each and every achievement represents to us; as a result of other people we meet along the way. It is how we interact with others, that will determine whether the seeds of our own immortality are planted in fertile grounds and to what degree we help others find their own destinies.Immortality: What is this thing that is sought by so many in their lifetime and how is immortality the ultimate compliment and testimony of all travellers in this life? Do we even consider the real effect that we are able to impart on others, or do we blindly live our lives without any thought of sharing the power within, to share lessons learnt?Immortality is an earned status within a mortal time; a given memory; given as a result of an event; that moved the hearts, souls or minds of others. In this life we each hold the seeds of our immortality from birth. As a new born child, we use this magic in the ability to convince our mothers, that all she has put up with throughout her pregnancy, was worth every second of it. We sell this message to her through the conveyance of a first cry and in the language of a smile. Your birth has changed the life of at least one other person, to whom you will always be remembered. In this respect, you have sown the first seeds of an immortality; that will grow in stature in line with the deeds of the life that spans before you. The new born child has made a extremely powerful statement: "Remember Me; for whom I am and how I changed your life." Do we walk on different paths? We each follow a path worn by those who passed before us.Do You Tend to Remember People For: The Negative Effect they had on you. The Positive Effect they had on you. The Wisdom that they shared with you. The Love that they shared with you The Great Feats within their Lives.See results without votingAnd of toys when I was young. Yesterday was but a blink away.The deeds of this life determine your immortality.So in reality, we are born to make an impression on others and to seek recognition from others throughout our lives; in ways that really can lead to the memory surviving long beyond our demise. An opportunity that is available to all of us, if the deeds of our life are such that we are worthy of the compliment. Inherently we all seek to be remembered by others in some way, each time we take the time to interact with another.  Each to their own: What is it that you seek? Do you even realize that you do? Do you tend to want to be the one that stands out from the masses, or do you prefer to be part of the mass? Will you ever know who remembers you beyond this human life? And of the memories held of you: Will they be factual or merely an extension of anothers imagination? What is it in an interaction that you tend to remember most, in regard to any other party? If you were to survey 1000 people; the majority will tell you that what they remember most in others; is the positive effect that that party has had on them. Of course, we are all able to remember those who have had a negative effect on us; but as we move on, we tend to forget or minimise the negative experiences and replace them with positive events or outlook. If we find that we are unable to naturally do this; then we will be unable to realistically move on along our path, towards our fullest potential in this adventure that we refer to as Life.  How easily we forget our first living acts. As important as they are to our future; they are lost in the mind of an infant who accumulates all other information on offer; during the early stages of life. We simply do not remember that our first smile changed the world. As we grow, we replace previous information with newer information; all that in some respect will be relevant to the next stage of our growth. Why do we choose to stop growing at times in our lives?  Why do we doubt the power of just being ourselves and why do we withdraw from others, in fear that we will not be accepted, if our experiences fall outside of what others consider to be socially acceptable? Why do we not embrace the life of another whose colour or culture varies from our own? Why do we let religion or politics stand us apart from each other? Why do we choose to not understand the richness of all life; in its own environment, for its own purpose on earth? Why do we find it so hard to reach out with a compliment or a smile, such as we learnt as a new born? So many questions considered to be irrelevant to our own 'success' as measured by or as dictated to, by the peer groups that we call our own. Life: Hamanishi's Flow. Seek a balance in your journey that will keep your path in sight.How do you feel when someone compliments you? I Don't like it. It makes me feel good. I Like it very much.See results without votingA Woman in Charge: The Life of Hillary Rodham Clinton (Vintage)Amazon Price: $4.05List Price: $17.00Living HistoryAmazon Price: $16.00ImmortalityAmazon Price: $14.95Immortality (Perennial Classics)Amazon Price: $7.99List Price: $14.99The power of a compliment.Each day we miss the majority of opportunities to share with another; the many things that we are able to offer that person; if only to make their life better. We have conditioned ourselves to not give; without expectation of a reward. It has become acceptable practice that for each person that we spend a fraction of our lifetime with; we tend to personally wish to gain an immediate benefit from; yet being more open would often give us far more return in the longer term.  It costs nothing to compliment any person that you meet. If you take the time to know that person; you will generally always be able to find in them, a positive reason to give them a positive compliment. Within a split second of meeting someone else; a genuine smile cuts across every boundary that we confine ourselves to. It is a compliment that you may always be remembered for. A single genuine statement that carries so much power and tells another who you are, without a word spoken. It will make you unique when compared to others; if you are not afraid to give without expectation of reward.  A smile is nearly always returned and when it is conveyed with kind words; you have the power to connect with any living being that you choose to. You have the power to show another, why they should remember you and that they are worthy of the act of you remembering them.  Do not consider where the compliment will take You; that is not the purpose of it. The purpose is solely to demonstrate your appreciation for the opportunity to give something that has the potential to impact positively on another. Most people choose not to take the opportunity; generally only because they are afraid to, or feel they may be rejected by the action. We all know how to make someone appreciate us; but for whatever reason, most take the opportunity to avoid: the opportunity to be appreciated. I am a lucky man in that I do not fear the power of a compliment, nor shy from giving of my heart to one in need. To treat all as I would have them treat me and to always be the strength of one to whom abroken soul can rely and rebuild on. The maze we build around us. Step outside the maze that holds you; to find that nothing holds you: But yourself.My path will find me.Immortality: What is this thing that has lead me here. I have sown so many seeds on my journey. I have done so; to reap the crops of wisdom and to remain; merely a humble man. For I have learnt from pain and love and from time. For I have so many words to give all who would hear me and I have my smile to give those who would not. I do not seek immortality, nor a lord, nor a master. I seek a life of wisdom and tranquility, in this world of my peers and to know that my journey will at last; take me home.   Copyright 2009 Pearldiver nzpol with all rights reserved. Law of Attraction: The Science of Attracting More of What You Want and Less of What You Don'tAmazon Price: $7.48List Price: $13.99Law of Attraction: A NovelAmazon Price: $6.00List Price: $25.00The Law of Attraction: The Basics of the Teachings of AbrahamAmazon Price: $14.00List Price: $23.95Jack Canfield's Key to Living the Law of Attraction: A Simple Guide to Creating the Life of Your DreamsAmazon Price: $8.49List Price: $16.95Feel It Real!: A Guided Approach to Bringing the Law of Attraction into Your LifeAmazon Price: $4.50List Price: $16.00Personal Growth: Learning to Meet the Demands of Life (Conversations with Donald Miller and Dr. Henry Cloud) Convergence DVD SeriesAmazon Price: $12.98Be Do Have TV Cycle of Personal Change Life Coaching SessionAmazon Price: $19.00The Secret (Extended Edition) [Non USA PAL] - All RegionsAmazon Price: $18.20List Price: $24.95Seeking Him: Experiencing the Joy of Personal RevivalAmazon Price: $17.88List Price: $20.99The Law of Attraction In Action, Episode IVAmazon Price: $11.58List Price: $19.95 Thank you for reading my works.  If you enjoyed this story; then please Rate my work Objectively and Positively.  Pearldiver.     Try Timeless Haiku.Haiku of the Pearldiver: A Collection of 58 Haiku Verses To Feel, Enjoy and Share.In Haiku of the Pearldiver; A Collection of 58 Haiku Verses to Feel, Enjoy and Share; true poetic mastery is measured by the sensuality of those visual pictures that each Haiku verse paints for the reader. ...15 Things that Could Happen on a Bad Day and How to Deal With Them.Some days everything seems to go wrong. If the wheels fall off or you're having a bad hair day; perhaps it may be something more than Murphy's Law that is at play. Everyone has times when things don't go...Other Works by Pearldiver.Seasons of HaikuIn Haiku Poetry words are crafted to create a powerful and sensual image of the everyday things in the lives of the Japanese. Traditional Haiku emphasises that 17 Syllables only can be used to create that...Be Kind to Your Pet: No Matter What.Humans have always felt a need to share their lives with animals. That relationship was generally one that had been more beneficial to the human. Over time; the trust that was offered by the animals, allowed...Intuition: Why do we Just Know? - (Part One)Do you Believe in your powers of intuition? Can you Focus those powers to create an event that will change your life? How do you use that focus to win, or to understand your place in your universe? Can your...vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful How To: How To Train Your Younger Sibling: Five Lessons for Middle ChildrenCommentsFeline Prophet19 months ago Immortality sounds like a very lofty goal, and not one that I would seek. Living a life of wisdom and tranquility, as you suggest, is something I would rather aspire to. To be at peace with oneself is to be at peace with the rest of the world. Again, you make us think Pearldiver. :)Pearldiver19 months ago Thankyou FP.. Where would life be if we had all the answers yeah?  I'm glad you it made you think.. I enjoyed writing this.  Take care.dianacharles19 months ago 'Your birth has changed the life of at least one other person, to whom you will always be remembered. In this respect, you have sown the first seeds of an immortality; that will grow in stature in line with the deeds of the life that spans before you.'Wow...lovely thoughts. Yes, I believe in the power of the kind word, the smile, the compliment.Beautiful hub Rob.Pearldiver19 months ago Thank you Diana, It is what I believe in words from the heart.  I knew you do.. I read your Hub on motherhood remember.  Thank you for your kind words.VioletSun19 months ago I believe in the words of the Dali Lama "kindness is my religion". Your article was beautifully written with a depth one can feel; the kind of thoughts I enjoy reading. When I read works such as yours and that of a few hubbers, I know there is beauty in the hearts of others,  no matter what is happening in our world.Pearldiver19 months ago Cheers VioletSun for your kind words and your wisdom. Glad you enjoyed.Jewels19 months ago To me a body of immortality requires firstly the transformation of my thoughts and emotions as the first step.  I'll go for that first.  Such a lofty aspiration to transform subtle bodies to achieve immortality. Part of me is cooked, just have the other half to go. The alchemy of the soul - the ultimate for the human condition.BirteEdwards19 months ago Anoter gem from the pearl.I have always wondered about this insatiable quest we humans have for immortality. But there really are many ways of being immortal, and the impact we leave on others is probably the closest and best form of immortality.SEM Pro19 months ago Very well written deep and genuine sentiments Pearldiver. Although I rarely consider the immortal potential my words and actions may have, your statement: The purpose [of giving a compliment] is solely to demonstrate your appreciation for the opportunity to give something that has the potential to impact positively on another is beautiful. In truly attempting to improve anothers moment in time as we cross paths, Ive found my own life improves dramatically.A group I was in once was challenged to prove the law of cause and effect through simple compliments for a week. They suggested we make a point to express our appreciation at least once a day. In the spirit of the desired outcome and for it to be a true challenge, I took it a step further, deciding to genuinely express gratitude to everyone I came in contact with. I.e. If I saw a teller stressing, Id honestly assess the situation and offer condolences for the pressure she was experiencing and let her know how well she was doing under the circumstances. The calm that would come over her was an amazing reward. After a mere couple of days, I almost couldnt handle all the compliments I began receiving!I too seek a life of wisdom and tranquility which, for a type A personality, has meant embracing change with open arms :) AWESOME VIDEO! Thank you for all of it my smile is broadened :)Pearldiver19 months ago THanks Jewels - I agree, but I am not suggesting that Immortality is the Goal.  The point lies in the fact that from birth we have 'immortality' in that we are remembered by an action.  Not in a physical sense but in such of merely a memory.  Glad you enjoyed this Jewels and thank you for our comments.Pearldiver19 months ago THank you Birte... That is exactly the point that I am attempting to convey here... So glad you enjoyed this.Tatjana-Mihaela19 months ago I enjoyed every word of your article, learning from your inner wisdom.Thank you very much.Pearldiver19 months ago Hi Sylvia, Thank you very much for your kind words, I enjoyed writing this and it is wrtten from the heart.  Yes you picked up exactly what I meant in regard to immortality: it is developed from how we act towards others that creates the memories of others towards us.  So glad you enjoyed it and you will find what you seek, you will see.  Thanks again for your support.Pearldiver19 months ago Hi Tatjana - MihaelaThanks for viewing this and your kind words. I'm pleased that you enjoyed it.  Thanks for your support.Candie V19 months ago To enhance one life, to be remembered by one person as someone to whom I made a difference for the better.  To live in such a way that my memory will have put a smile on one person's heart.  That is a life worth living, to me.  We affect more people than we will ever know, both for the better and for the worst, may the better out-weigh it all, indeed!Thank you PD for giving us things to ponder this day!Pearldiver19 months ago THanks Candie for your words and your support.  Glad you enjoyed it.goodfriendiam17 months ago I don't know what to say, except I am happy that I am finding others that share the same spirit. And to know that there are more people out there, then I thought. Sometimes when you don't have anyone to share, stuff like this, you begin to wonder, how many people are there that truly think like this. But since I have signed up with hubpages, I have meant a few and new ones everyday.Pearldiver17 months ago Hi Goodfriendiam, Thank you. We are writers. I guess that gives us licence to share our knowledge, wisdom or crazy ideas, to those who would seek answers to the way they think within the spirit of the words that we offer!Don't be surprised; enjoy the experience, share what lies within your heart and be open to recieve.  If so; you will never need to look back on your journey.Cheers for reading my works and more importantly, for your objective comments. Take care.k@ri17 months ago My immortal soul's place is the reason I live as I do...I do not forget my goals!  This is a beautiful hug and one that should be read more than once...there is soooo much good information here.  Thanks, Pearldiver!  Truly a wonderful hub!!  :DPearldiver17 months ago Oh Kari.... Yum.. You enjoyed my Hug!! And you have also liked my Hub!! I'm becoming more immortal with each compliment lol.  Thank you for your kind words and for finding the subtle clues within the body of words.Pack your bags.... I'll see you in the spring...lol.Sidney Rayne17 months ago I thought I just had to get bitten by a vampire....glad I read this! Great piece of writing here Pearldiver and I really wanted to point out the section entitled: "The Power of a Compliment"...you made a lot of valid points in the simplicity that lies behind the power of a smile. It takes a truly genuine soul to give without the thought of ever receiving. Great read mate!Pearldiver17 months ago Hi Sidney Rayne.. Thank you for taking the time to read this and to compliment me on this hub.  As people we are often found to fall short in our own potential and that of others. The sadness of this is that we then tend to remain ignorant of the true value of others and ultimately: Ourselves. Glad you enjoyed the bite!Ms Chievous16 months ago Treat others as you want to be treated.. kind of my mantra for life..I partiuarly liked the part of the hub that states how we try to make people appreciate us but don't take the time to be appreciated as a mom and social worker this is so true...Pearldiver16 months ago Hi Ms Chievous, Thanks for reading this and for becoming a fan. I have liked your avatar and name from the first moment I saw them; I know that I will enjoy reading your works. Of course treating others as you wish them to treat you, doesn't always work... many times you are left asking yourself; "Why was I nice to that Ratbag?" But yep, being appreciated makes up for those occasions. Take care.rebekahELLE15 months ago At some point while reading some of your other work, I thought to myself, here is a truly gifted writer, because you write from a deep, deep place in your heart. I am awed by some of your thoughts and must say, I never thought of a baby's first smile as immortality, but I understand what you are saying.not only the first smile, but the first look in the eyes, the touch of the tiny fingers. you are right. beautiful!Pearldiver15 months ago Hi rebekahELLE, Thank you so much for your kind comments; I am humbled by your words, as I have no idea how to measure my work. I just write from the heart. If my works make people take a moment to think deeper; then for me, I have succeeded in a positive way. Take care & enjoy your life and your immortality.Petra Vlah7 weeks ago What a pleasure to read such beautiful writing and such great words of wisdom. Your talent is a gift and the fact that you generously share it with us makes it part of your immortality. Thank you, Sir.Pearldiver7 weeks ago Hi Petra, Wow.. Thank you for your awesome comment here, I'm glad you enjoyed this work. I think we writers who do share our hearts, do so in many respects unwittingly, to gain a measurable depth of positive charge, that so often can take us and our readers to magical, powerful places, in good company. Cheers Petra.. take care.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites94PearldiverFrom Bumble Town - NZ640 Followers52 HubsJoined 20 months agoRead more hubs by PearldiverContact PearldiverFollow PearldiverSubscribe to Pearldiver's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Pearldiver a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsDo you follow the traditional spiritual path of your family or have you changed your spiritual path?asked by Dorothy Parker 15 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionWhat is your Karma?  Do you have any idea? Are you happy with your Karma and what it's offered YOU?asked by reeltaulk 16 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsAmazing Poems of Hope: Life Circles: About Suicide, Being...by PearldiverIS OUR PLANET REALLY GROWING? Earth Expansion Hypothesisby Tatjana-MihaelaChange Of Name By Deed Pollby TopUniverseThe New Father and Jealousyby lindagoffiganCan Changing Your Name Help Avoid Debt?by Jay D. EsAre You Living In A Sexless Marriage?by sandylongman Self-Education Advice and Tips ForumTopicRepliesVOCAL TECHNIQUE VIIposted by missycynty0How to memorize anything within a short periodposted by Narain.K.D.20Top 20 IELTS Writing Topicsposted by julia03450Post a new topic1 more topic Tagshow to passion memory wisdom journey growth Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.777 sec)  working