Father of Mine: Words In Haiku From Your Son That I Did Not Tell You Dad.HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   Get Paid To WriteAll TopicsBooks, Literature, and WritingPoems and PoetryHaikuFather of Mine: Words In Haiku From Your Son That I Did Not Tell You Dad.Father of Mine: Words In Haiku From Your Son That I Did Not Tell You Dad.74rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy PearldiverSee all 9 photosFather of mine.Unspoken words are often merely like raindrops in a storm over a lake; individually unseen, yet so full of energy, each drop is lost to the lake as a whole. Conversely, a raindrop from a storm over a desert; is seen and it's purpose and energy banked, to lend to new life that could not have existed without that drop. A life circle, that brings hope for a future. Father of Mine: Words in Haiku from your son, that I did not tell you Dad; by Pearldiver, can perhaps give a purpose to the life within a raindrop.Being a father is truly a role that some men excel in and for whatever reason; some men do not. The art of fatherhood has no set measurement of love or of joy; it is weighed against what is positively learned by all as a result of being: A father to a child. We are all conditioned in some way by degrees of the relationship and trust that is shared, or was shared with our father. So many of us have learned to find fault in the one that gave us life; too easy it may be to forget that without our life; we would not have the ability to judge. Embrace the life that you have and remember that if you judge your father; you judge yourself. Some of the most successful people you will meet in your life, have at some time considered their father to be a fool. Only a fool can consider their father to a fool for all time. For all the cultures that honor their fathers for the seed of life that was given; it is generally understood that it is the role of that life; to positively build upon the platform created by the father (and mother) for the betterment of the family and the lives created beyond. I hope that the words below show that your father; irrespective of the perceived value of time together; did actually give you more than you may ever realise. Please Enjoy. Each our father's son.See yourself in meI stand with my grandfather's son;We each share his eyes. Anniversary of a father lost. Gone this day my Guide Forever to follow your path set; Wait for me.  Of a father unknown.I cleanse myself of angerCalls lost to frozen winds and heart;Your loss is my life. Of rebellious years.So blind you of my youthMy manhood reached me, and then;You knew so much.  From a daughter.Be my Hero; Just BeI take your strength into my heart;So I may find my love. Of Fathers DayHappy Fathers DayLet me Tell You what You Taught Me;I Love You.  Of lifelong friends.Always you knew meWonderment of time shared as if one;Always my best friend.  Of life skills given.My master of arts passed onWisdom and more gained for my son:Strength and character.ooo0oooHe took a tiny hand in hisWalking together; through the yearsA Father and Son.ooo0oooAll that I learnt when youngSo freely given to me by thisFather of Mine.ooo0X0ooo Copyright 2009 - 2010 Pearldiver nzpol with all rights reserved.Every Day is Father's Day with Apple IPad gear.Speck Products Apple iPad ShieldView Anti-Glare Protective Screen Films, 2-Pack, IPAD-SHVW-A025MTAmazon Price: Too low to displayList Price: $24.99Toblino: Leather iPad Case (Folio Convertable Case Multi-view Stand for Apple iPad)Amazon Price: $29.95List Price: $49.95Apple iPad USB Data Sync & Charging Cable - WhiteAmazon Price: $4.50List Price: $19.99RND Power Solutions USB Pink car charger for Smart Phones, MP3 Players and Gaming Devices including Apple (iPad, iPhone, iPod, iTouch), Blackberry (Torch), HTC (Evo 4G), Motorola (Droid Series), Samsung (Galaxy Series)Amazon Price: $9.99List Price: $19.99Apple USB Power Adapter for iPod / iPhone 3G - Bulk PackagingAmazon Price: $0.24List Price: $29.00Apple Inc. Hardware: Messagepad, Apple Lisa, Apple I, Apple Iii, Localtalk, Apple Tv, Timeline of Apple Products, Ipad, Apple KeyboardAmazon Price: $32.29Nothing says Happy Father's Day like a gift of an Apple ipad tablet and case.Apple iPad MB292LL/A Tablet (16GB, Wifi)Amazon Price: $480.00List Price: $499.00Apple iPad MC497LL/A Tablet (64GB, Wifi + 3G)Amazon Price: $858.70List Price: $829.00Apple iPad MB294LL/A Tablet (64GB, Wifi)Amazon Price: $699.99List Price: $699.00Apple iPad Case (CASE-ZML MC361ZM/A)Amazon Price: $36.95List Price: $39.00Apple iPad MC349LL/A Tablet (16GB, Wifi + 3G)Amazon Price: $629.00Apple iPad Tablet (32GB, Wi-Fi)Amazon Price: $638.99List Price: $599.00You Taught Me To Listen. Father of Mine: Thank You.Irrespective of the type of relationship or depth of relationship that you have or have had with your father; never forget that it takes two people to have that relationship. We, as children can not choose our fathers; but we can usually choose the degree of real communication that we can have with living fathers, based on our own openness. We also tend to forget that most of our fathers were also young when we were born; I know for one, I was.Genetically, you carry your father's genes. Always consider that during good times or bad. For all the fathers in the world; pass on your knowledge, your wisdom and all those things that you do well; In this way you let the circle of life that started with you; complete its course. Father of Mine; the Words I did not tell you were: Thank you, for giving me the chance to have the life that I do. I know that in life there are many steps that I must take.. but I have such large strides to take alone.. and each step takes me further away from where I began and my home.  *Pearldiver*Haiku of the seasonsSeasons of HaikuIn Haiku Poetry words are crafted to create a powerful and sensual image of the everyday things in the lives of the Japanese. Traditional Haiku emphasises that 17 Syllables only can be used to create that...The path we walk.How to Create Immortality Within Your Lifetime.The journeys that we travel within our lifetimes may not necessarily be the journeys of choice. Each step that we take on our paths, determines what we achieve and what each and every achievement represents...Thoughts of the Samurai.Haiku of the Samurai Warrior.The Japanese Samurai were arguably the greatest warriors in modern history; living their entire life by the Code of Bushido; the samurai code of honor. In feudal Japan, the country was effectively ruled by...Thoughts of the Pearldiver.Haiku of the Pearldiver: A Collection of 58 Haiku Verses To Feel, Enjoy and Share.In Haiku of the Pearldiver; A Collection of 58 Haiku Verses to Feel, Enjoy and Share; true poetic mastery is measured by the sensuality of those visual pictures that each Haiku verse paints for the reader. ... There was no manual when I became a father... I followed my father's ways.. and wished that he had had a manual to not just be a better father; but also a better son. *Pearldiver* vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful (2)Poetry: Life Circles: Poems of Hope: About Fishing for Time.Poetry: Seasons of Haiku : About Hope, Life and Bamboo.CommentsEaglekiwi16 months ago Just lovely!! Wish my father were still alive ,but ya know what ,he loved us and gave us all so much to last a lifetime,such is that circle of life .Thankyou.Pearldiver16 months ago Thank you Eaglekiwi, your father lives on with you and your children. Build on what he gave you to honor his life. Glad you enjoyed this. Cheers for reading and your heartfelt comment. Take care.maven10116 months ago I'm a bit overwhelmed by this, my friend...I'm typing  through blurred eyes...So much of what you have expressed rests naturally within in me..." My grandfather's son ' phrase caught me off guard, and the emotions flooded in...I have lost both, but they still live in my grandson's eyes...Thank you for these lovely poems...Larrytantrum16 months ago Moving, moving, moving along...to get a hanky ! LOL! thanks Pearldiver, jokes appart,it's really moving !Pearldiver16 months ago Hi Larry, thanks for your support and positive, much respected comments. I understand what you mean... I type alot that way lol too. I try to speak from the heart and in that way, what comes back shows me that it still works.  Happy Father's Day to you Sir Larry.. enjoy your day and the life you have given. Take care...... Rob.Pearldiver16 months ago Thanks Tantrum, Cheers for reading this work and your Moving Comments. I guess if the words fit the sentiment then as a writer I should be able to craft a hanky, a smile or both. Thanks again for your support. Take Care.Moonchild6016 months ago Hey Pearldiver - I just lost my dad the end of April.  I have been working on a Hub for him since May and so far nothing is good enough.  But your Hub didn't make me cry, it made me smile.  Thank you.Pearldiver16 months ago Hi Moonchild, I'm sorry to hear of your loss. You must write your hub in the way your dad was (in his acceptance); rather than be hard on yourself in a way that he never would have been of you. In that way; you can more accurately portray him within the power of your words.Thank you for reading this; I'm so glad that it made you smile. Take Care... Finish your hub.Candie V16 months ago Deep breath... Man oh man.  The choice some men make to walk away from a relationship with a son (as my son's dad did) made some of these so powerful.  My son has chosen to be the man his father is not... because of the role My father played.  I thank God everyday that my dad was able to take up the reins.  Thanks PD.  You rocked my heart today!Pearldiver16 months ago Hi Candie, Thanks for calling in and reading this work. I think your dad would have enjoyed the role and clearly this helped him to be more of a father to you as well. I'm pleased that this hub held some significance to you too. Thanks again Candie. Take Care.Russ Baleson16 months ago Extremely touching and wonderfully written.  Thank you!!Rebecca E.16 months ago moving and wonderfully written.Pearldiver16 months ago Hello Russ, You are welcome. Thank you for reading my Haiku. I understand that you also write Haiku; so I really do appreciate your comments. Glad you enjoyed. Take Care.Pearldiver16 months ago Hi Rebecca, Thank you for your comments and of course for reading this work. I am new at Haiku and it seems I must be doing something right..lol. All the best.missalyssa16 months ago Beautiful. Japanese forms are my fav and your phrasing is beautifulPearldiver16 months ago Hello Missalyssa, Good Luck with your goal professor. Thanks for enjoying this work. Yep I love Japanese Art; especially the traditional wood block prints, pretty partial to bonsai and stone gardens; like the history etc. I think I'm going Japanese..next time around. Take Care.frogyfish16 months ago Distinctly true wisdom here, and I loved your Haiku. Your 'each our father's son' hit straight on!  And from a duaghter - that is so full of wisdom too!  Great hub!Pearldiver16 months ago Hi Frogyfish, Thank you for taking the time to read this work and your kind comments. Glad you enjoyed as I enjoyed writing. All the best.\Brenda Scully16 months ago I will tell you one day about my father,but i do so love him....... nice hub.Pearldiver16 months ago Hi Brenda, I'm pleased you called in to read this. We don't get to choose our Dads and some just have no idea at all. If people communicated better or found the opportunity to celebrate the things that many find too hard; then we may all benefit. How much do we really understand those older than ourselves; whether as parents or in wisdom? Thanks for reading and your comments Brenda.Daniel Carter15 months ago Really, really lovely. Coming for a long history of battle, blood, and bother, and having found that bright day when we could resolve, let go and forgive, having held my father's hand as he took his last breath just over 3.5 years ago, I'm a little misty eyed.Damn. I wasn't prepared to be moved.But I thank you. Most sincerely.Pearldiver15 months ago Hi Daniel, Thanks for reading this and your comment. Sorry that you went through that with your father; though it does overall tend to make us stronger. (As do tears sometimes) Take care and once again; thank you.cally215 months ago Thank you Pearldiver. Beautiful words. Rebellious years reminds me of Oscar Wilde saying "When I was 14 my father was an idiot. When I was 21 I was amazed at how much he'd learnt in the last 7 years". My kids are teenagers at the moment, maybe I'll learn more in the next few years.Pearldiver15 months ago Hi cally, thanks for reading this work and your comment. Yes Oscar Wilde's words really do apply to many of us and I guess, always will. Welcome to HP kiwi. Take care.broussardleslie15 months ago Thank you for these, Pearldiver.My relationship with my both my biological father and my stepdad were turbulent, to say the least.  Thank you for reminding me that BOTH of them did the best they could with what they had.Pearldiver15 months ago Hi Leslie, Thank you for comment. Glad you enjoyed this work. Welcome to HP and the colourful world of writing; from what I've seen you will do well here. Good luck and take care.rebekahELLE15 months ago so beautiful. I love your natural feel for words and emotions, the human spirit. makes me think of both my father, and my sons father whom they lost early. life is this incredible tapestry with woven threads of blood linking us together. please keep writing.Pearldiver15 months ago Hi rebekahELLE, Thanks for reading this work and more importantly; enjoying it. I am humbled by your comments here; I just write from the heart and from who I am. Wow... I don't know what else I can say; but thank you and take care.GoldiString15 months ago What i have become, i owe it to my father. Thank you Pd- this is a wonderful tribute to all fathers.Pearldiver15 months ago Hi GoldiString, Thank you for your kind comment; it was written to be a tribute, so I guess I got it right. You honour your dad by your achievements and the pride he has for you. Take care & thanks for reading this.philip carey 6115 months ago I lost my father earlier this year. I need to sort it out and try to put some words around it. Liked this poem.Pearldiver15 months ago Hi Philip, I'm sorry for your loss. It's your turn now; take the baton and become the best you can be in the race that we call our life. When you realise and embrace the similarities that existed between the two of you; the words will all be there for you. Run hard, so that you may pass on your baton to the next winner. Good Luck and thank you for taking the time to read my works.wrenfrost5614 months ago Touching, honest and wise. I enjoyed reading that, great hub.Pearldiver14 months ago Hi Wrenfrost, Thanks for reading this and for your comments I'm pleased you enjoyed this work. Take care.KentJacob13 months ago our fathers will always be our first heroes...thanks PD, for helping me bring back the memories...Pearldiver13 months ago Hi KentJacob, Thanks for reading this work.  You are quite right about fathers. I'm glad you enjoyed this. Take Care.habee13 months ago Beautiful...just beautiful. I was fortunate to know the love of a wonderful father.Pearldiver13 months ago Hello Habee, Thank you for reading this and your kind comments. Yes, it really gives a child a head start when a father is able to provide that base, doesn't it! I'm glad you enjoyed this work. Take Care.marcel28513 months ago I absolutely love this hub. I have had struggles/issues with my father in the past, but i have long let those things go, because i now realize the value of my father and our relationship.Despite our differences, my dad is, and always has been a great dad.Thanks for sharing this great piece.Pearldiver13 months ago Hi Marcel, thanks for reading and taking the time to leave a kind comment. I think many of us (including me) have had issues with our fathers in some respect; you don't have that on your own. I don't know why that is; but often many years are lost. I glad you enjoyed this work. Take Care.prettydarkhorse13 months ago wonderful Mr Rob, my father is my hero, and I love him to death, he loves me unconditionally too, thanks so much for the tribute to fathers,thnaks BTW for your suggestions about copyright,nice poem too, MaitaPearldiver13 months ago Hi Maita, thanks for reaing this work and your comments.  I hope that your relationship with your dad never falters Maita. The copyright thing was my pleasure. Take care. Glad you enjoyed this hub.BeccaHubbardWoods13 months ago I only wish I knew a relationship like that. Unfortunately my relationship with my own father has been a terrible one. I do still love him dearly, even if he wasn't perfect. Thank you for sharing. :)Pearldiver13 months ago Hi Becca, Thank you for reading this. I'm sorry that you had a bad relationship with your dad. Often fathers are blind in regard to knowing how to have a great relationship with their daughters. I'm sure there will be a pride in you, there somewhere. Good Luck, don't beat yourself up over this as it makes you stronger in its own way.TINA V13 months ago Fathers, whether they acted responsibly or not, will always be our father. No matter what happens, he is only one.  We can never replaced him. There are those who even sacrificed themselves just for their families. I hope that we will not forget to tell our fathers this Christmas that we love them.This hub is a great poem for all fathers.Pearldiver13 months ago Hi Tina, Thanks for reading this work and your comments. As I've said before; we don't have the opportunity to choose our parents. We can only appreciate that without them we would not have the opportunity to become parents ourselves; irrespective of the quality of any relationship that we have experienced with our fathers. Thanks for calling; Take care.Russ Baleson13 months ago What a great hub!  Touching theme (I too have always strived to be a good father), amazing haiku that say sooooooooooo much.  Thanks for the inspiration.Pearldiver13 months ago Hi Russ, Thank you for reading this work and your kind comment. Very much appreciated, coming from the master. Glad you enjoyed my novice efforts in Haiku.  Take Care.lyricsingray13 months ago PD I have tears in my eyes, that was soooo beautiful, you have a wonderful gift my friend and let's celebrate Fathers more often.  Only a fool..........would.  xo Thanks KimberlyPearldiver13 months ago Hi Kimberly, Thanks for reading my tribute to fathers. I'm sorry that it upset you. All the best and thanks for your comments. Take care.Chocolate Lover12 months ago Great hub Pearldiver,My father is everything for me, he taught me a lot about things. I am very close to him. I lost him almost 2 years ago, but thank's God he left me my mom to fulfill my days without him anymore. They are the only people who have unconditional love beside God.....Thanks for sharing this.Pearldiver12 months ago Hi Chocolate Lover, Thanks for reading this work and your comments. You never really loose that love you have gained, as it comes through in your own ways with others. Take care and have a great Xmas.Rossimobis12 months ago I could not hold my tears while my three years old son watched me shed tears full of bad memories,my emotions took control of me for about an hour before i got myself and realized that my grand father's son meant more than i knew to me.Dad he asked, "are you alright?""Yes son" i repliedHe knelt beside me,rested his head on my laps then i realized that he was crying,i then took him by his hands and asked;"Dave,are you alright?""Yes dad" he replied"Why are you crying""Because i saw you crying dad,i know you have pains""It is all about my Dad" i murmured"Then it is all about my dad too" he quietly said.Peardiver,u av got a great hub here.Bravo!!Pearldiver12 months ago Hi Rossimobis, thanks for reading this work and your comments. I'm pleased you enjoyed the depth of this haiku.You Take care and enjoy the time you have with your son.pennyofheaven6 weeks ago Beautiful, thank you!Pearldiver6 weeks ago Hello pennyofheaven, thank you for reading and enjoying this haiku. Take care.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesTake Me Fishing Presents.6 Set L6I Injured Shad Custom Lures - Plugs Crankbaits Bass Fishing Set L5iAmazon Price: $14.99Rapala Rattlin 05 Fishing Lures (Baby Bass, Size- 2)Amazon Price: $4.99Decal For Bass Fishing Lures vintage Tackle Box NEW!Amazon Price: $1.95List Price: $5.9560 Flies trout pan fish NIP fishing fly flys lures BLAmazon Price: $10.99List Price: $175.005 Custom Shad Lures - Plugs Crankbaits Bass Fishing Set L5ABAmazon Price: $12.995 T5A Topwater Poppers Crankbaits - Fishing Lures SetAmazon Price: $12.99Happy Father's Day...Little Critter: Happy Father's Day!Amazon Price: $3.52List Price: $6.99CK Products "Happy Father's Day" on Heart Sucker Chocolate MoldAmazon Price: $2.00Happy Father's Day! Screen DisplayAmazon Price: $1.00Happy Fathers Day Pencil. 36 Each A5545.Amazon Price: $12.50Blue solid ties for men plain fathers day gift formalwear silk ties cuff links set A1070Amazon Price: $22.85List Price: $69.99Happy Father's DayAmazon Price: $0.9994PearldiverFrom Bumble Town - NZ640 Followers52 HubsJoined 20 months agoRead more hubs by PearldiverContact PearldiverFollow PearldiverSubscribe to Pearldiver's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Pearldiver a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhy are the rules of Haiku not as strictly enforced when written in English?asked by music equals life 16 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionquestionnaire for english peopleasked by isabelleP 5 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsAbout the Haiku and Life of the Japanese Samurai Warrior :...by PearldiverHaiku of the Pearldiver: A Collection of Haiku Verses About...by PearldiverHaiku-Do: The Way of Haiku: Bamboo Poems About Life.by PearldiverSeasons of Haiku : About Hope, Life and Bamboo.by PearldiverWedding Photography - How to Have A Well Balanced Wedding...by judydianneA Path With Heart 3(flashback)by Hokey Haiku ForumTopicRepliesHaiku #2posted by DomShadows6Haiku #1posted by DomShadows13Solesposted by wandering13Post a new topicTagslove relationship trust anniversary thank you grandfather Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.336 sec)  working