Amazing Poems of Hope: Life Circles: About Suicide, Being There and Being Strong When You Feel That You Cant Go On.HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHealthDeath and Loss of LifeSuicideAmazing Poems of Hope: Life Circles: About Suicide, Being There and Being Strong When You Feel That You Cant Go On.Amazing Poems of Hope: Life Circles: About Suicide, Being There and Being Strong When You Feel That You Cant Go On.78rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy PearldiverSee all 8 photosIf these words can help one life: then two lives have been meaningful.Amazing Poems of Hope: Life Circles:About Suicide, Being There and Being Strong When You Feel That You Cant Go On; byPearldiver.  Being young and being hurt,or not knowing things that you feel are really important, can sometimes pushyou off the edge.  The edge is a darkplace, where you may believe that the answers to your questions lives, or whereyour emotions have pushed you to, often without you realizing, often before youhave had the chance to consider far better options.  Sadly, many of our beautiful, very gifted,young people have robbed us through suicide, of the opportunity to see themlive to fulfil their potential and their greatness.  If you feel like you can't go on and that you know that you are close to that edge, for any reason; TALK TO A FRIEND or RING Life Line and TALK to someone who does genuinely Care.  There is No Way Back From Death - But You Also Need to Be Strong to Live and that personal strength in Choosing to Live, is what makes you Great.  One Day you might even become a Great Writer with the right words to change someone's life.I know personally whatloosing a friend to suicide means and I know how much time it took to stopasking Why?  This is a poem of hope.  It is made up of some of the words that Iwish I would have had the opportunity to have written then and the courage tosay to one of those very special and gifted friends, lost to this world.  If you know your children, their friends andyour friends well enough, then perhaps you can inspire the positive mindsetthat those around you require to work through negative issues that have thepotential to lead to an unnecessary and senseless suicide.  I hope that you can read the signs and notstand back and be afraid to say and show someone near the edge; the genuinepower of love.  Perhaps the words within,inspired by the loss of a very special wide eyed life can save the life ofanother who needs to believe in their personal greatness.  From the heart; I hope my wordshere are never needed. Take Care and Thank you for reading my works. Copyright2010 Pearldiver @ Poems of Hope.com with all rights reserved. Life journeys are not so daunting when you are focused on: Who you are, Where you want to be, How to take the right steps safely, The Best Way to get there, A Plan, that lets you set personal goals that You Can Achieve and More than One Route.Wide Eyed, Happy and You.oooo0ooooWide eyed child happyNever aloneNature here is bloomingLife here is wild and freeBare feet squish throughwarm cow patsOr from the wharf, dangle soaimlesslyo0oWide eyed boyNot knowing aloneKnew all the stars at nightThe nesting seabirds comeand goWhere gold, sandy grains hidetiny shellsTreasures found, where onlyhe would knowo0oI have always missed thelove I haveFor people and places leftso far behindBut I can never truly feel aloneAs all my pain left there, willalways beFor I am truly a happy wideeyed boyJust cant help but see, somuch life surrounding meo0oIts not true that youshould beHurt by those who say itsall your faultIts not true that strangersdo not careDont be afraid to face thingsthat are not trueUnhappy wide eyed child you areNever alone if you are true, you'll see allthe life, surrounding youo0oIts not true that youshould beUnhappy in a life that youcan changeLook inside and know thelove we seeBe not afraid to take a wideeyed viewOr take such treasures from withina sad heartIt really is true: That somany people want to love youo0oI have always been differentthan most othersAverage people struggle tolove and learn great thingsYet great things are merelywide eyed souls, just beingAnd if you let average deedsbreak your wide eyed heartThen you must rise above all thepainHave the courage to believe,have the courage to just starto0oSo to every wide eyed boy orgirlI wrote this poem of hope tolet you knowHow precious is the life youare yet to findNo matter what tears, or pains have brought you herePlease do this, for all we wideeyed souls, just like youBelieve,just believe, in the real you that we love, not in your fearAnd choose life wide eyed one, because we really need you here!oooo0oooo Copyright2010 Pearldiver @ Poems of Hope.com with all rights reserved.Scroll Down to Finish Reading The Second Part of This  Article. Explore all the positive things that you find in your life.  Each Positive Step that you take leads you to yet another positive experience, if you Identify and walk past the Negative traps along the way.  Believe in your greatness.Books Worth Reading.Choosing to Live: How to Defeat Suicide Through Cognitive TherapyAmazon Price: $17.50List Price: $24.95Oxford Textbook of Suicidology and Suicide PreventionAmazon Price: $133.00List Price: $185.00Suicide, Self-Injury, and Violence in the Schools: Assessment, Prevention, and Intervention StrategiesAmazon Price: $21.00List Price: $39.95Supporting Awareness.Suicide Awareness Health Dark T-Shirt by CafePressAmazon Price: $23.00Suicide Awareness Ribbon Coffee MugAmazon Price: $11.99Nearing Death Awareness: A Guide to the Language, Visions and Dreams of the DyingAmazon Price: $17.95Suicide Awareness Ribbon Round Mouse PadAmazon Price: $11.99Japanese Haiku Poetry.Haiku of the Pearldiver: A Collection of Haiku Verses About Life: To Hope, Feel, Enjoy and Share.In Haiku of the Pearldiver; A Collection of Haiku Verses About Life: To Hope, Feel, Enjoy and Share; true poetic mastery is measured by the sensuality of those visual pictures that each Haiku verse paints for...Truth's Lament.Amazing Poems of Hope: Life Circles: About Forgiving a Past Betrayal of Your Trust, Potential, or LoAmazing Poems of Hope: Life Circles: Forgiving Past Betrayal of Your Trust, Potential or Love: Truths Lament; by Pearldiver tells a story. So many young lives have been undermined and undervalued by...Knowing Love.Life Circles: Poems of Hope: About Finding LoveLife Circles: Poems of Hope: About Finding Love. Life circles by Pearldiver: Always moving forward from its source; we are that source. Of all the many things in our lives that are truly special; one of the...Take Your Kids Fishing.Life Circles: Poems of Hope: About Fishing for Time.Life Circles: Poems of Hope: About Fishing for Time by Pearldiver, always moving forward from its source; we are that source. There are many times that are special to a child starting out their journey of...So Much Life Surrounds You. So it would be Fair to Say that You Are The Centre of That Universe! As a parent there are four keys things that you can do to ensure that they can make informed decisions in their lives.  Share Quality Time - Get to Know Each Other - Help Develop Their Self Esteem - Show Them How To Believe in Themselves. Take Care - Be Well.Thank you for taking the time to read this work by Pearldiver.  Although I have only referred to the loss of young ones from suicide, please believe that I am also equally aware of the level of adult suicides as a result of reasons; other than physical illness.  This is a subject that is often swept under the mat in the hope that others do not judge the victims or their families.  Bringing such issues into the open, gives them an opportunity to Not Be Avoided and in that respect, action rather than apathy, can and often does save lives.  I hope that I have not offended anyone by writing this article and poem; but I am not nor will ever be, an apathetic soul.  Take Care.And if you feel that Your Writing can create something positive in this world, then Join Me Here and make a difference. You may become a Master like JKR Potter, just by starting here with others who will support your efforts. Believe and Have Courage to Act on That Belief.*Pearldiver*Sorry; I needed to add this. Love me as I am.  Love me for who I am.  And when you have learned how to do that - then you can teach me how to love me!What do you believe?Do You Believe That People Need To Be More Aware of The Issues of Suicide? Yes. - It will Help. No. - That adds to the problem. No. - Keep the masses ignorant.See results without votingWe Can All Make a Difference.As Communicators we can all make a positive difference in our own special ways.  That unfortunately does not apply to those who would silence the communicators as a result of their efforts to censor 'Real' information on issues like teen suicide.  Interestingly, those parties were at some stage in their shallow lives, also a teenager!  Get Real... Tell It As It Is!! Let people know the truth... don't cover it up, or deny others the opportunity to understand aspects of life (and death) that we all need to know to fulfil our potential.As an example: I tried a publisher's rhyming tool once, in an attempt to find real words that rhymed with the word 'Suicide' and found that I was lead away from writing about the subject by that publisher.  As a wide eyed soul, I refuse to let others tell me that I can not be honest and tell it as it is! I can, I will and THAT is my little piece of positive difference that helps counter those whom would mislead us all with the vested interests that they hold in silence! I thought at the time this was the most appropriate response to a publisher who stopped writers from standing up and making the difference.. Let's just say that this is a bonus poem on the subject called:Try one of the other functionsHow ironic it truly seemsThat when I seek a simplerhyme in lifeFor the dasher of so manydreamsA simply rhyme to ease thisstrifeFrom an act that left usshocked and painedWhy? How long has SUICIDEbeen around?Surely if we talk about it,something will be gainedIm so, so.Sorry, no perfect rhymes werefound.*Pearldiver* Copyright2009 Pearldiver @ Poems of Hope.com with all rights reserved.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (7)Funny Awesome (7)Beautiful (10)Poetry: 'Truths Lament': Amazing Poems of Hope: Life Circles: About Forgiving a Past Betrayal of Your Trust, Potential or Love.Poetry: Life Circles: Poems of Hope: About My Darling Sweet Obsession.CommentsLaura du Toit2 months ago Beautiful and thought-provoking hub! Hope you can reach all the millions of depressed and lonely people out there! Thanks for sharing.Pearldiver2 months ago Hi Laura, thanks for being my first reader to comment on this work. And so well.. Cheers. Yes, as I said in the beginning, if this poem of hope can save a life, then it will have made two lives worthwhile. You take care.erthfrend2 months ago Amazing, simply amazing!!! I got chills reading this poem. So deep yet the message is so clear. This is truly an inspirational poem for those whom you speak of, those that feel lost and on the edge, yet its also very inspirational for everyone. Thank you for sharing this very special poem, it really really touched my heart.Pearldiver2 months ago Hi there Erthfrend, thank you for taking the time to read this poem of hope and your amazing compliments. I write to a level that I call a 'wet keyboard zone' and I kinda know that I like the poem and message by how wet my eyes and keyboard get from reading the poem slowly out loud. This poem is special and I am really pleased that you found that in it... coz I wrote this about me. Thank you again. Take Care.saleheensblog2 months ago great piece of work, it reflects light of inspiration, hope of life and shows the path that can make difference.Pearldiver2 months ago Hi saleheensblog, thank you for reading this and your comments. I noticed also today that you have a very good 3-part series on the same subject. I haven't touched on half the issues that you have... So well done to you also.You take care.Shane Jacobson2 months ago Wow great poem, this makes me go back to thinking of friends I had that have passed on from this life. Really Inspirational & gets one knowing what can be said to anyone thinking of doing something real stupid. Great Work & thanks for writing it.Pearldiver2 months ago Hi There Shane, Thanks for reading this poem of hope. I'm glad you enjoyed this work. I'm sure that many here can relate to this situation, so I hope that they get to appreciate the ones that we have all lost along the way. Take Care mate... thanks again.kimberlyslyrics2 months ago ok, had to step back and read a few more times to really understand this is not a just don't do it message, rather a gift to a suffering heart that truth lye in these words and this part is still in my throat;Look inside and know the love we seeBe not afraid to take a wide eyed viewOr take such treasures from within a sad heartIt really is true: That so many people want to love youIf I may have your permission, with your name may I post this hub at the charity I volunteer for?  Called Kids Help Phone in Toronto.  We have many kids that I have no doubt would benefit from these words.  Gosh many people everywhere.  As you know my father shot himself in the head last year, out of the blue.  I haven't thought much of it, understand it was a decision.PD only wish more positive messages were gifted like yours, as you know when it is real.  I choose to pay no mind to negative rubbish any longer.Did you know, that a person attempting the act of suicide as they begin to start, but were to stop or pause for 7 to 10 seconds, they almost never act on it.  That small amount of time is enough time to allow them doubt.  Doubt creates fear and bam.  But here's where this Hub is magical they may live, but in the fear, they shall return to a quick solution for a problem being loved and validated could avoid.We need this to post in the right arenas.  I'll do what I can this weekend and let you know, with your permission.Hope is what so many seem to argue here about and search for in faith and other means.  When hope is in people, Hope is in giving. Hope is in this Hub.Thank you very very much.  But we must spill it everywhere we can, ooo my site is not up but there too - going to put it on my profileok I'll hush nowCheers.KimberlyMicky Dee2 months ago Great post Sir! I'm not suicidal but I don't care to be here on the planet. I'm ready. I want to see the surprise ending though. We never know what's around the corner. God bless you Pearldiver!Pearldiver2 months ago Hi Kim, wow thanks for this very positive post. Yes I was aware that many go through a stage of doubt. In fact that is exactly the time that this was written for. Thank you for mentioning that the place fear is not necessarily an integral part of creating the awareness of self worth. I'm sure in some situations perhaps it may be required to 'snap' someone into reality; but I personally feel that truth and openness best suit such a time when a soul is laid bare and in many respects in the last stages of vulnerability.I am most happy for you to post this to Kid's Help Phone Kim and will email you later on this. I'm sorry for the loss of you dad Kim. You Be Well and Take Care. And Kim, thank you for finding hope in these words; it is hope that brings them life.Pearldiver2 months ago Hi Micky, thanks for reading this and your comments. Good on you mate.. I guess some climaxes are far better than others and well worth waiting for!! Quite right, corners certainly do force directional change and the curiosity of our youth, we still can not discount with time can we?I guess that's a positive part of being and part of the depth of we Wide Eyed Souls Micky. Be Well and Take Care.dallas934442 months ago Great hub! Thanks for sharing.always exploring2 months ago A wonderful message. There is so much to live for. We never know what we can accomplish in this life. Thank you for sharing a beautiful poem.God BlessPearldiver2 months ago Hi dallas93444, thanks for that and for taking the time to read and enjoy this poem of hope. Take Care.Pearldiver2 months ago Hello always exploring, Thank you for reading this poem of hope and your kind comment. Yes there is a natural tendency to live and to appreciate other living things; but alas many have established vested interests in teaching others to Not See that point. Take Care.50 Caliber2 months ago Pearldiver, a fine and pleasant misery, one might say of this thing called life. Plans are things written that don't seem to turn out, like a cake in a pan that has stuck in places as it is turned out lumps are left behind to dangle and be scraped out later, alas all is not lost as the flavor is the same so ice it off set it down, complainers are not required to taste it, but the pan has been scraped and tasted ahead so the goodness is already known, yet for some it's the search for appearance of good, not the flavor that is brought to their world. They will be searching long and hard for perfection that comes by the way and the words of the Alpha and Omega the end does not justify the means.Great hub voted for you, but what is score? just numbers to triumph over others, 50Pearldiver2 months ago Hi 50 Cal, thanks for taking the time to take the time mate. What a great analogy.. yep you also described my baking and spoon licking skills perfectly! You are so right... so many have never tasted the food that they have eaten as they were never given, had or made the reason to. When a score is measured artificially then in the scheme of things, it is of no significance. A writer's score however, will always be naturally measured by the power and effect of his words 50. Thanks again for the power of your vote, you be well and take care.rebekahELLE2 months ago really, truly beautiful. I am always awed at your depth of understanding the human spirit. I hope you don't mind that I posted this in a poetry forum thread.it seemed appropriate. you never know who will need these comforting words you have shared. keep writing darlin.Pearldiver2 months ago Hi Rebekah, wow thank you for being so thoughtful and complimentary. My depth and understanding comes from being 'Wide Eyed' and having the confidence and strength to enjoy the life surrounding me; irrespective of what others would force on me Rebekah... nothing more than that.Thanks as always genuinely to those like yourself who showed me that it is ok to be like that. You be well and take care Rebekah.Shalini Kagal2 months ago Beautiful and inspiring! May it touch despondent hearts and give them hope!Pearldiver2 months ago Hi Shalini, thanks so much for taking the time to read this poem of hope and your awesome support of my writing efforts. May it indeed. This poem is also about abusive relationships and is for the downtrodden.  One life at a time they say don't they?  Take care and be well my friend.Faybe Bay2 months ago Hello Pearldiver! I am so pleased to see you have taken on this important issue. Silence is the real killer here. The world needs to know that it is important that all of us offer our love, acceptance and hope to the hurting. I too wrote a hub about Suicide. I hope if you get time you will read it. I will send it via e-mail.frogdropping2 months ago Well I went to see what Miss Kimberly was leaping around at in the forum PD, and found your hub. Thread closed to reply BTW - rarher odd.Anyway - I lost a very good friend to suicide. He was vibrant, warm, so very real and in many ways like a breath of fresh air. For no particular reason, depression hit him real sudden. From start to finish, he lasted barely six months.His suicide was horrific, and yet the six months before he died, watching his struggle was equally gut wrenching, not least for his wife and family.I know he felt he'd no other option, we found out after that he really was determined due to the method. None of it helped PD. Not one single person among us felt less impotent.I still remember being woken up in the middle of the night and being told. Though I knew how much his life had been affected I still felt a sense of utter hopelessness. There was no coming back.When I worked alongside suicide prevention issues a few years back, I will always remember one single line, oft repeated: suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.I hope your message reaches those that need it the most PD. Your poem is beautiful and the message clear."It really is true: That so many people want to love you"I apologise if I said a bit too much ...FDPearldiver2 months ago Hi Faybe Bay, Thanks so much for taking the time to read this poem of hope and your very accurate comments. You are so right about silence and apathy. Why our society censors such issues is reason enough to stand up and tell the censor to take their head out of their... you know.. sand!Unfortunately it is that censor, as you point out, who creates a bigger problem; in that they use their ability to take away the one thing that helps those left behind; their ability to talk through the ordeal.I will certainly read your work and feel honored to do so FB. As writers we have enough passion to make a difference; albeit one that may well cut across the TOS of sites like this one and SEs that would rule by containing the few who have the courage to challenge the reasons why. Why Not bring it out into the open? Why did it happen? Why?Thanks FB, I really do appreciate your support.. may mine be of equal value to you. Take Care. Cheers.Pearldiver2 months ago Hi FD, thanks for taking the time to add your voice to this issue and for showing us all how real suicide really is. I didn't know that Kim had opened a thread on this until hours later. So yet another 'Censor' removed the ability for us to have an open forum discussion? I'll bet it will be stated that the that decision was made as a result of placing this work on the Subject of Suicide into the forums, was by it's presence in the forum, deemed to be overly promotional!Well there you go... any way it's sold... it's censorship!You haven't said too much FD, I'm not that sure that too much can ever be said on this issue. I'm sorry for that loss FD... Suicide is a far wider issue, than many of us are prepared to admit to... so thank you so much for speaking out. Take care and be well my friend.MPG Narratives2 months ago Amazing, beautiful, thought provoking and any other adjective you'd care to add. Such a great hub which I hope reaches the people it needs to PD, extremely well done.BTW - new avatar huh? All I can say is ouch!Pearldiver2 months ago Hi Marie, thanks for reading this work and your compliments. Yes I think FD said it well when she said "suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem."Sadly, everyone seems to know someone that has taken their own life. And the avatar was needed to support my one eyed point of view. You take care and be well Marie.sligobay2 months ago Thank you PD for writing this awesome Hub on a fatal subject. Growing up, my Uncle Jack took his own life abandoning his six children, my cousins, and his wife.The family was devastated at every level. His sons Paul and Johnny were dead from self-hate at 20 and 23. Peter died young of alcoholism. My Aunt and three cousins live with those scars. Mental illness is ignored to keep the world tidy for others. Ireland seems to suffer from a suicide and self-harm epidemic.Just three years ago, my cousin Mary lost her husband, Jerry, to suicide. Their three sons were all younger than ten. My Aunt's brother took his own life at 72, leaving his wife, their 6 children and grandchildren feeling abandoned and not knowing why. My father's best friend, Eddie, took his own life when I was a teen.There have been advances in medicine and medication in the past thirty years and yet the epidemic of hopelessness and depression persists in the world. Love is one answer. My condolences to Kimberly for her loss.Thank you for writing this Hub and inspirational poem.Pearldiver2 months ago Hi Sligobay, thank you for reading and appreciating this poem of hope. Yes it seems that too many are so hellbent on promoting this subject as a taboo and one which will not be discussed; for whatever reason. You have reminded me that in my youth, my parents hushed the suicide of an uncle who left sadness and broken lives behind his death.I am sorry for the degrees of sadness in the world around you Sligobay; in many ways it takes a great deal of strength to live with a depression and get through it.I wish you well and hope that your family name lives on through darker days. Take care my friend. Share your words more often.gr82bme7 weeks ago There is sorrow and happyness everywhere. We need to learn how to deal with it and move on!Pearldiver7 weeks ago Hi there gr82bU, thanks for reading this work. I have to say that I am a bit taken back by your comment; although I understand that you have split your personality between 2 entities here and this by your own admission is intended to support the less 'conventional' of the two. 'We need to learn how to deal with it and move on!' - This really tends to intimate supporting a more apathetic perspective on the subject of suicide; in my point of view.. which certainly is not endorsed by the author of this work. Apathy is highly responsible for a vast number of suicides! Are you sure it wasn't your fish that made your posted remark? Wow.. cheers.Eiddwen6 weeks ago I have only just come accross you on here and this was a brilliant hub.One of mine 'FROM THIS MOMENT ON'is very similar.I am now looking forward to reading more of your work.Thanks for sharing this with us all.Take care.Pearldiver6 weeks ago Hello Eiddwen, thanks for reading this work. In all Reality this poem of hope is Unique and Original. As such, there is Nothing Similar to it... Unless it has been copied in some respect!! Just as I'm sure, if your works are Original then they are also unique! I do appreciate other writers commenting on my writing, however; I don't appreciate other writers attempting to Link their works to mine - on my pages! Take Care and know that if I read your works - Ethically, I won't ever attempt to dilute the relevance of it with a cheap plug for my own!Kavita Trivedi6 weeks ago This really touched me. I lost a dear friend many years ago to suicide. Sometimes I feel sad, sometimes I feel anger that she left me as she never realised just how much she truly was loved by all. But above all, I remember those beautiful moments that I shared with her. Whatever decision I make in life or whatever step I take, I think and wonder, what would she say to this or that? Above all, I have learnt that courage, self belief and strength are the main things that take you far in life. Sadly, she never realised her worth. We are all special, unique and beautiful in our own ways.Thanks for sharing this beautiful poem - rated up! :)Pearldiver6 weeks ago Hi Kavita, thank you for reading this and for your comments. I'm sorry for your loss, I have also lost good friends to this terrible thing. What you say is very true and time does not ever answer why, does it? I think it is the sense of complete hopelessness that they feel and the sense of complete helplessness that we, those left behind feel. Somewhere in between is a solution, I'm sure but we often don't have the opportunity to stop the event, when we most need to.  You take Care and be inspired by all the positives that came out of your friendship..Sarah Masson2 weeks ago This is amazing what you've written here and I thank you for it. I lost a friend to suicide, he was only 20 years old. Shortly after another boy I knew took his own life. It's so sad, but it's great that you are getting the message out there. Thanks again :)Pearldiver2 weeks ago Hi Sarah, thanks for taking the time to read this work. I'm sorry for your losses, it is always sad to see such waste of potentially great lives and it seems in so many situations that they never had any self belief. There certainly is a lot to say about telling our friends when compliments are due. Cheers for finding this poem of hope amazing... I am trying to break down the taboo by bringing suicide into the open.. Thanks for supporting that objective.. take care.Rebecca Saunders2 weeks ago I just stumbled across this hub as I was about to publish one myself about suicide and was looking for some hubs to link to mine - I am glad I found this - so in depth, beautiful and thought provoking. Thank you - it is so refreshing for people to be open about this subject!Pearldiver2 weeks ago Hi Rebecca, thanks for reading my work and yes this is meant to be thought provoking, as with many of my poems, this is written to say 'Wake Up and Do Something!' - Very Sad that we have a breed of people who consider it their 'place' to censor the things and issues that we must learn to deal with and educate our young on. If this article helps just one person, then it has had a positive effect on a life that could be potentially a great one! Take Care and thanks for the positive comments.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites94PearldiverFrom Bumble Town - NZ640 Followers52 HubsJoined 20 months agoRead more hubs by PearldiverContact PearldiverFollow PearldiverSubscribe to Pearldiver's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Pearldiver a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsI have been spotting for about a month now and then all of a sudden today it just got heavier.asked by StephDawn19 13 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionWhy does it often take tragedy to bring people together?asked by She's the Blade 18 months ago9 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsFive Best Garden Hoes - The Right Tool in Taking Care Of...by BRIAN SLATERPopular Suburbs In Dallas, Texas Area Rank High As Best...by amsmovingSave on Auto Insurance by Driving Defensivelyby Car Donations10 Ways for how to Calm Down When Anxiety Strikesby Kathryn Vercillo20 Good Foods That are Great for Your Skinby Kathryn VercilloGet The Most Out of your Trampoline: 10 Great Exercisesby Kathryn Vercillo Suicide ForumTopicRepliesThis should never have happened. The life and death of Bill Zeller.posted by L a d y f a c e0Losing a spouse to suicide while you are separatedposted by spsos9Would you assist in suicide?posted by seanorjohn50Post a new topic1 more topic Tagsadvice relationships friends death poem depression Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.911 sec)  working