Politicians, groups react to violent shooting - KGUN9 On Your Side, Tucson News, Weather & SportsKGUN9 On Your Side, Tucson News, Weather & SportsPoliticians, groups react to violent shootingPoliticians, groups react to violent shootingPosted: Saturday, January 8, 2011 7:44 PM ESTUpdated: Saturday, January 8, 2011 8:43 PM ESTWeb Producer: Laura RiosTUCSON (KGUN9-TV) - Statements have been pouring in to the 9 On Your Side newsroom following the violent shooting attack in Tucson.U.S. Congressman Paul Gosar: "Today our thoughts and prayers are with Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, her family, her staff, and those injured in this horrible tragedy. Gabrielle is a selfless public servant and we are all praying for her." U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano: "I am deeply saddened by reports that Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, Chief Judge John Roll and others were attacked this afternoon in Tucson, Arizona. There is no place in our society or discourse for such senseless and unconscionable acts of violence. Gabby is a steadfast representative for southern Arizona and both she and John are dedicated public servants. The Department of Homeland Security has offered all possible assistance to the FBI and the Pima County Sheriff's Office, who are leading the investigation. My thoughts and prayers are with Congresswoman Giffords, her family and staff, and all those who were injured in this difficult time."Former Tucson City Councilman Rodney Glassman: "I am shocked by today's tragic events. On behalf of my family, we are praying for Gabrielle and the other victims of today's senseless violence. Gabrielle Giffords is a great asset to Southern Arizona and on a more personal note, a friend and colleague that I greatly respect. I ask all Arizonans to join me in a prayer for Gabrielle Giffords. To my Democratic colleagues, I urge caution in placing blame. We must wait for the facts before pointing fingers. To my fellow citizens on the other side of the political aisle, I ask that you stand strong, shoulder to shoulder, with your Democratic friends against dangerous, violent rhetoric that threatens our democracy."AZGOP Chairman Randy Pullen: "Arizona's Republicans are deeply saddened and mortified by the horrific shooting of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and the other 11 victims at an event this morning in Tucson. Senseless acts of violence like these are shocking, disturbing and have no place in our country. The thoughts and prayers of all Arizonans are with the victims and families during this terrible tragedy in our state's history. We sincerely hope that the responsible party is prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law."Brig. Gen. Gregg Potter, commanding general, U.S. Army Intelligence Center of Excellence and Fort Huachuca: "She was more than a friend of the Fort, she was part of our Fort family. This senseless act leaves us all shocked."Americans for Prosperity (AFP-AZ) Arizona State Director Tom Jenney: "I'm shocked and appalled by the violence that occurred today in Tucson. Congresswoman Giffords is an old friend of mine, and my thoughts and prayers are with her, her family and the rest of the innocent victims of this outrageous attack. Political violence is absolutely unacceptable and we all must come together to reject this behavior. American democracy remains the strongest in the world because as a nation we remain committed to resolving our political disputes through the legitimate electoral process, any deviation from those principles strikes at the very core of our founding ideals. This attack must serve to strengthen our resolve to unite against violence. Today's tragedy will not soon be forgotten and my thoughts remain with those senselessly targeted by this attack."Pima County Tea Party: "The Tea Party condemns today's shooting of Congresswoman Giffords. While the motive of the individual responsible is not yet known, there is no place in America's political debate for acts of violence. While we disagree with Congresswoman Giffords on many things, we pray for her survival and full recovery without reservation or exception. Our prayers are also with those who have died today and their families and for those whose fate remains unknown. This is a time for all Americans to come together and renounce violence and those who try to use today's tragic events as a way to further divide us are irresponsible."Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Chairman Steve Israel: "I am shocked and saddened to learn of the horrific and tragic shooting of my friend Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, her staff, and constituents today. Gabby was doing what she loved, working in her district and connecting with constituents. My thoughts and prayers are with her, her husband Mark and family. This is both a personal tragedy and a tragic reminder that we cannot remain silent when political rhetoric turns violent."U.S. Rep. Harry Mitchell: "This is a sad and dark day for our country, and an absolute tragedy that I don't want to believe could happen here. My heart is shattered for the family of Gabrielle Giffords and for all the innocent people who were killed or hurt today. Gabrielle is a model Congresswoman - young, brilliant with a tremendous future - who absolutely loves her community and her constituents. She has also been a true and unwavering friend since our days serving together in the Arizona State Senate, and she is the hardest working and most dedicated public servant I have ever known. I just can't believe this has happened."U.S. Senator John McCain (R-AZ): "I am horrified by the violent attack on Representative Gabrielle Giffords and many other innocent people by a wicked person who has no sense of justice or compassion. I pray for Gabby and the other victims, and for the repose of the souls of the dead and comfort for their families. I beg our loving Creator to spare the lives of those who are still alive, heal them in body and spirit, and return them to their loved ones. Whoever did this; whatever their reason, they are a disgrace to Arizona, this country and the human race, and they deserve and will receive the contempt of all decent people and the strongest punishment of the law."AZ State Rep. Terri Proud: "There are no words to express the sorrow for the loss of life that has occurred today. At this time, we continue holding Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and all who have been taken to the hospital in our thoughts and prayers. May God be with the victims and their families."AZ State Rep. Kirk Adams, Speaker of the House: "Today we experienced a horrible act of violence in our state, the details of which we are still trying to process. My deepest prayers, as well as those of my colleagues, go out to Congresswoman Giffords, her family and today's other victims at this tragic time. We are all hoping for the best outcome and anxious to see the congresswoman and other victims recover."U.S. Rep. Raul M. Grijalva: "I am sickened by the horrific attack in Tucson today and saddened by this senseless violence. This is a tragedy for Arizona, our nation, and our democracy. Gabrielle never let fear or intimidation prevent her from serving the people of Arizona. My thoughts and prayers are with Congresswoman Giffords, her husband Mark, her staff, all those who were injured, and their families."U.S. Rep. David Schweikert: "Joyce and I are joining hands in heartfelt prayers for Rep. Giffords and all the other victims of this tragedy. It is unconscionable and while we are still awaiting all the details, we urge all Arizonans and Americans to pray for the victims of this terrible tragedy."Oro Valley Mayor Hiremath: "On behalf of Town Council and staff, we are deeply saddened by this tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers go out to Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords as well as all the victims and their families."Oro Valley Chief of Police Daniel Sharp: "This is a horrible act of violence. We will provide any assistance that is requested."U.S. Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick: "My thoughts and prayers are with my friend and colleague, Gabrielle Giffords, her husband, family, and staff. This senseless act of violence is a sobering reminder of how precious life is, and my deepest condolences go out to the families of the victims."Former Councilwoman Henrietta (Hank) Huisking, City of Sierra Vista: "By now most of us are aware of the terrible news this morning of the shooting of Gabrielle Giffords and others at her constituent event in Tucson. As we watched the news reporting through the rest of the morning and afternoon, I was sick at each new bit of information coming out from the reports. The most encouraging thing we've just heard is that she is out of surgery, in ICU, and the surgeon is optimistic for a recovery. As I watched I was thinking back on what an outstanding public servant Gabrielle is: how she works for constituents across Cochise county and here in Sierra Vista. She is a great supporter of our soldiers, veterans, and their families. She understands the importance of the San Pedro River and has championed efforts in the areas of water conservation and solar energy. She has taken on the really tough issues like border security, health care reform, and national defense. The fact that this tragedy occurred at a meeting to talk with citizens shows that she is directly involved with the people she represents. She is a fearless and tireless representative for all of Southern Arizona. More than that, she is a personal friend and supporter. During our recent election campaigns, we would often talk about what we were trying to achieve, our goals in public office. We certainly need a seasoned representative for our state like Gabrielle. I ask everyone to pray for Gabrielle and her family; for the others who have been injured; and particularly for the family of those who may have lost their lives in this sad situation." Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine: "The terrible act of violence in Arizona has left us all aghast. It is a sad day for America and our thoughts and prayers are with Rep. Giffords and all the victims of this tragedy. The facts of this criminal act are still to be determined, but we thoroughly condemn what happened in Arizona today. We must all reaffirm that there is no place in our country for violent attacks of this kind on public servants or any citizen for any reason. I know that I speak for our entire Democratic family in saying that my heart goes out to the victims of today's shooting and to the families of those who have perished as a result of this act of violence. My prayers continue to be with those who have suffered from and are responding to today's tragic event in Arizona."UA President Robert N. Shelton: "This afternoon our thoughts and prayers are with Representative Giffords and her family in the aftermath of this unspeakable tragedy. Gabrielle Giffords cares about her community and her country in a way that is unique. She has been a tremendous friend of the University of Arizona, and in her two terms has worked tirelessly on behalf of education. She has always been a voice of moderation, which makes this shooting even more difficult to comprehend. We are confident that she is getting the best care possible at UMC, and we join with the entire community in praying for a full recovery. At the same time, we extend our sympathies to the families of those who were killed or injured in this terrible tragedy."AZ Secretary of State Ken Bennett: "Today's attack upon Congresswoman Giffords, staff and others attending her event in Tucson was senseless and vile. There is no twisted logic to explain this shooting, nor is there any justification. We have no room for violence in our political culture. I served with Congresswoman Giffords for four years in the Arizona State Senate. She is a gifted leader with a bright future. I pray for her full recovery, and for the recovery of others injured in today's horrific shooting. For the loved ones of those killed, I can only offer the deepest condolences of myself and my family. This is a tragic day for Arizona."AZ House Democratic Leader Chad Campbell: "Our thoughts and prayers go out to Congresswoman Giffords, her staffers, others and their families. This is a horrific and senseless act, and we are all praying and sending out our thoughts for the victims today."AZ Assistant House Democratic Leader Steve Farley: "I am honored to count Gabbie as a close friend and I know she has always fought for Arizonans and is beloved by her constituents and the people of Tucson. She is one of the brightest and best and we all know through our hopes and prayers that she will fight through this. This is a human tragedy and we are praying for all the other victims who are here with her."AZ House Democratic Whip Matt Heinz: "Gabbie is my friend and I am most concerned about her safety and well being. She is a wonderful woman and I'm proud to have her representing the people of Tucson in Congress. She has always stood up for what's right for Arizona, and now we are all standing up for her."Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon: "The pictures and stories we're seeing and hearing from Tucson today leave me more sad than I can describe. Rep. Giffords has long been a friend. Gabby is not only an admirable public servant, she is truly one of the most gracious, most caring people I've met in my life. She's in my heart today along with her family, Judge John Roll and his family, and everyone whose life was touched by today's shooting. Like you, I'm waiting to learn the facts of what happened, to get my mind around such a horrific tragedy. No matter what we learn, I know that violence like this is unacceptable. It diminishes our communities, the state of Arizona and our nation. Such violence stands in dark, painful contrast to the America we all work so hard to build and to protect."AZ Governor Jan Brewer: "All of Arizona is shocked and deeply saddened by the horrific tragedy that transpired this morning in Tucson. I have been in contact throughout the morning with law enforcement officials, as well as Tucson mayor Bob Walkup, and just a short while ago I spoke personally with President Obama. The President conveyed his heartfelt sympathies for our State, and our shared determination to ensure that justice is fully served. I am just heartbroken. Gabby is more than just a colleague, she is my friend. She has always been a noble public servant. My thoughts and prayers are with Congresswoman Giffords and her family, the Congresswoman's staff and their families, and well as the other victims of this senseless and cruel violence."Rebekah Friend, Executive Director and Secretary/Treasurer of the Arizona AFL-CIO: "The shooting of Congresswoman Giffords, her staff members and others in Tucson this morning comes as a terrible shock. Congresswoman Giffords has always been a dedicated servant to the working families of her community, and it is heartbreaking to hear that she was shot as she was meeting with her constituents to listen to their concerns. This senseless attack on a leader like Congresswoman Giffords and working Arizonans has no place in a democratic society like ours. From reports I have received from United Food and Commercial Workers (UFCW) Local 99 President Jim McLaughlin, it appears that no Safeway grocery store workers represented by UFCW 99 were hurt in the shooting. Today, I and other leaders in the labor movement are asking union members and all Arizonans to keep Congresswoman Giffords, the other victims and their families in their thoughts and prayers."Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney: "Today's horrifying shooting in Tucson shocks the conscience of decent Americans everywhere. When such an unspeakable act occurs, and lives are taken in violence, we rightly respond with comfort and support because that is the only way we know to show that evil does not triumph over goodness in the world. I offer my prayers to all the victims and their families, including Representative Gabrielle Giffords, and look forward to the swift and harsh punishment that awaits the perpetrator of this cowardly attack."Marana Mayor Ed Honea: "The Town of Marana is stunned by this terrible tragedy. Our prayers go out to the families of those who were killed during this senseless act and we pray for Congresswoman Giffords and others who were victims of this assault." Former GOP Nominee for Arizona's 8th Congressional District Jesse Kelly: "In the wake of this stunning tragedy, my prayers are with Rep. Giffords, her husband Mark and the rest of her family. May God's strength comfort her as we pray together for her recovery. We mourn for those who lost their lives in this horrible act. Senseless acts of violence such as this have absolutely no place in American politics."U.S. Senate Republican Whip Jon Kyl: "Caryll and I send our most heartfelt condolences to the family of Judge John Roll and the others who were killed and injured today in Tucson. Judge Roll, who presided over the federal District Court in Arizona, was an exceptional judge and a good friend. We pray for the recovery of Representative Giffords and the others who remain in critical condition. Congresswoman Giffords is also a good friend, and I find it especially saddening that such a heinous crime would occur while she was fulfilling her congressional responsibilities. All of us will work to ensure that justice will be served fully and swiftly."Border Action Network: "We are shocked and appalled by today's violence directed at Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, her staff and constituents in Tucson, Arizona. Our heart-felt prayers are with all of the family, friends and victims of this horrific tragedy and we mourn the loss of life and injuries. It is our hope that this devastating day will result in much-needed condemnation from our leaders of violence in all its forms. It is our hope that today's shocking tragedy restores much-needed humanity, reasonableness and civic dialogue to our beloved state and our nation."Arizona Conference of Police and Sheriffs (AZCOPS) President Larry A. Lopez: "The thoughts and prayers of the Association's more than 8,000 members are with Rep. Giffords, her family, her staff, and the victims and families of others who lost their lives or were injured today. Today is a sad day for Arizona, but we are relieved to hear that Rep. Giffords is expected to survive the attack."Diocese of Tucson Bishop Gerald F. Kicanas: "My Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ: While in the Holy Land, I have learned of the terrible violence that has occurred in Tucson. It is incomprehensible that such a horrible tragedy could happen in the community that we love so much. I am shocked and devastated as I see the horrible pictures on the news and hear the reports of those who have been killed and injured. We pray for the repose of the souls of those who were killed and for the comfort and consolation of their families. We pray for the healing of those who were wounded, among them Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, and for the comfort and consolation of their families. We pray for the comfort and consolation of our community. We share with each other the shock and the heartbreak of this tragedy. We weep in our sadness, and we seek comfort from each other. We pray to be a channel of peace, that where there is hatred we will bring the love of our Lord, Jesus Christ. As a family of Faith, we unite in prayer for the repose of the soul of our brother in Christ, Federal Judge John Roll, who was among those who died, and for the comfort and consolation of Maureen, his wife, their children, and all members of their family. Judge Roll was a person of great faith and great integrity. He lived his faith as a devoted parishioner of Sts. Peter and Paul Parish and St. Thomas the Apostle Parish in Tucson. For many years, he would begin his day serving the early morning Mass at Sts. Peter and Paul. He proclaimed the Word of God as a lector at Sts. Peter and Paul and St. Thomas the Apostle. He lived his faith as a servant of our nation for the cause of justice. In your Prayers of the Faithful at this Mass, please pray: For all those who were killed and injured in the senseless and tragic violence of the shootings in Tucson, for their families and loved ones, and for an end to violence that brings so much harm to so many innocent people, let us pray to the Lord. All the bishops who are participants with me in our special meeting in the Holy Land are praying with us for these intentions."AZ Attorney General Tom Horne: "I am devastated to hear about the shooting of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and others. Gabby served in the Legislature while I served as Superintendent of Public Instruction and we worked together well even though we were of opposite parties. She was very amiable and easy to get along with. The initial responsibility for bringing justice is to local law enforcement, but my liaison Gerald Richard told the Tucson Chief of Police we will do anything to help. To the extent the Attorney General has an appropriate role to play we will devote the necessary resources to help see to it that justice is done swiftly."AZ Superintendent of Public Instruction John Huppenthal: "Today is a tragic day for Congressional District 8, Arizona and the nation. I am deeply saddened and mortified by the senseless act of violence committed against Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, Chief Justice John Roll and all victims of this horrific shooting. My prayers are with Congresswoman Giffords, her family, her staff, and all those who lost their lives or were injured in this horrific crime. Serving alongside Gabrielle Giffords in the Arizona Senate, I remember, firsthand, her strong commitment to upholding justice tempered with a gentle compassion for helping people. Acts and threats of violence against those who nobly take up the call to serve have no place in a free society. May the perpetrator of this heinous violence be brought to swift justice and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law."U.S. Vice President Joe Biden: "The horrific attack in Tucson, Arizona, this morning has taken the lives of at least five people, including a federal judge and a young girl, and left many others wounded, among them a dear friend, Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords. Gabby is one of the finest members of Congress I know. She is a principled leader and a consensus-builder. She has spent her time in office working her heart out to improve the lives of the people she represents. And she loves her husband and family above all else. On this tragic day, Jill and I are praying for Gabby's recovery, and we hold her family in our hearts. Chief Judge John Roll was a dedicated jurist whose death is a terrible loss to Arizona and to the country. We do not yet know the motivation behind these shootings. But what we do know is that there is simply no justification, no rationale for such senseless and appalling violence in our society. Please join Jill and me in praying for each of today's victims and for their families and loved ones."National Education Association President Dennis Van Roekel: "On behalf of all the members of the National Education Association, I wish to express my deep concern about the attack on Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords. We know that she is under the best of care and is surrounded by the love from her family. The NEA and Arizona Education Association join with the heartfelt support of her community in wishing her a speedy and complete recovery. Rep. Giffords is a dedicated public servant and has made outstanding contributions to Arizona. We are horrified by the tragedy that has taken the lives of six people and wounded others as a result of this attack. Nothing can be more difficult or deserving of more support, and our prayers are with the family and friends."Somos Republicans: "Today Arizonans watched in horror the news accounts of the attempted assassination of Gabrielle Giffords. Hispanic Republicans are all praying for her speedy recovery, and we are thankful she is alive. Gabrielle Giffords is recognized as Hispanic-friendly on both sides of the political spectrum. Even though we are thankful our Congressman is alive, it is tragic that there are reports of several people killed and several more wounded."Col. John Cherrey, 355th Fighter Wing commander, Davis-Monthan Air Force Base: "Our heartfelt prayers are with all those directly and indirectly affected by this tragedy. The men and women of D-M stand ready to support in any way we can."AZ Senate President Russell Pearce and Senate Minority Leader David Schapira: "Our thoughts and prayers go out to Congresswoman Giffords and those attending her event in Tucson who were attacked this morning. This is such a senseless tragedy and tough to comprehend. Elected leaders should have the ability to speak their minds and stand up for their constituents without threat of physical violence. Please join us in prayer for Congresswoman Giffords and the others who have lost or are fighting for their lives."Tohono O'odham Nation Chairman Ned Norris, Jr.: "Today is a sad day for our country and we are all shocked and horrified by the senseless attack against Congresswoman Giffords, members of her staff, Judge John Roll and the many other victims. Our society has become far too violent. The Tohono O'odham Nation deplores violence and we must work together to stop these tragic acts. Congresswoman Giffords has been a long-time friend of the Nation, Arizona and our country. One thing is for sure, she is a fighter. She is now in the fight for her life and we are all praying for her safe recovery. Judge Roll has also had a long and distinguished career that was cut far too short. As a federal judge he worked closely with the Tohono O'odham Nation on many occasions and was highly respected for his work. The thoughts and prayers of the Tohono O'odham Nation go out to the family of Judge Roll on this terrible day. The thoughts and prayers of the Nation also go out to the other innocent victims of this tragedy and their families."Tucson City Council Member Regina Romero: "I am in shock about the tragic and senseless events that have shaken our community. My heart goes out to the families of the innocent people who lost their lives today and to all of us who will never feel the same again. I ask each and every one of you to join me in a prayer for Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and the many other victims and their families. Let us renew our faith in each other and our community to pull through this tragedy. Now more than ever we must work together to strengthen our democracy."Giffords' Chief of Staff, Pia Carusone: "An unthinkable tragedy occurred at our Congress On Your Corner event today in Tucson. Our community has lost beloved friends and colleagues, and many more are injured. Our hearts and prayers go out to all of them and to those who are suffering the loss of treasured friends and family members. Congresswoman Giffords is dedicated to serving the people of Southern Arizona. It was in this spirit that our office organized today's event. We will make further statements as details become available. We offer thanks to the law enforcement, first responders, and medical personnel who work to save lives and mend the injured."U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates: "I am saddened to hear of the attack on Congresswoman Giffords and members of her staff earlier today in Tucson, Arizona. I have had an opportunity to interact with Congresswoman Giffords in her capacity as a member of the House Armed Services Committee, where she served on the Readiness and Air and Land Forces subcommittees. She is a strong supporter of America's national defense, cares deeply about our men and women in uniform, and has pursued her oversight responsibilities with dedication. Our thoughts are also with her husband, Navy Captain Mark Kelly, an aviator and astronaut of great distinction, as well as the families of the other victims of this attack. Ms. Giffords represents a new generation of principled and thoughtful political leaders that have come to Washington in recent years. We will miss her strong character and good judgment in the Congress during these important days ahead, and we are praying for her full recovery."AZ Senate President-elect Russell Pearce: "I am shocked and saddened by the shooting this morning in Tucson. My heart goes out to the families of the victims. I worked alongside Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in the Arizona Legislature. Although of different parties she was a fine colleague, a great lady and is an outstanding public servant. I am saying prayers for Gabby, her husband and her family and for all the victims and families and pray for full recoveries. I learned about the shooting as we gathered with Republicans from all over Maricopa County for our organizational meeting. We immediately suspended all activities and we had a moment of silence for all of the victims and prayed for the families of those who died or were injured in this senseless act. This is an attack on everything we stand for. Some of these families will never recover and will be victims for the rest of their lives. Violence has no place in politics in Arizona or America. This is a very sad day for our state."All content  Copyright 2001 - 2011 WorldNow and KGUN. All Rights Reserved.  | Privacy Policy |  | Terms of Service |  | EEO Report |   | Jobs | Tucson