Brazilian Hair Straightening Treatments: Are the Controversies B.S.?HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFashion and BeautyHairstyles, Cool Cuts, How to Style Your HairHair RelaxersBrazilian Hair Straightening Treatments: Are the Controversies B.S.?Brazilian Hair Straightening Treatments: Are the Controversies B.S.?89rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Sangay GlassWatch: The I Am Not My Hair Video At The bottom Of This Page Brazilian straightening treatments are hot new processes to tame curly locks that might be flat out dangerous.While many salons claim their procedures are safe, the skinny on Brazilian straightening is that all the products contain formaldehyde. The newest treatment, the Brazilian Blowout, claims tonot have any form of formaldehyde, but government tests of the product discoveredformaldehyde in small amounts, according to an ABC news report.Some women exposed to the Blowout product have also complained ofsensitivity symptoms like, difficulty breathing, nosebleeds and burning eyesand skin which are similar to formaldehyde exposure.With so much controversy surrounding these very effective, but possibly unsafe straightening method, salon owners are now sweeping the dust under the carpet and calling the tiger a kitten. Names like, BKT, or Brazilian Keratin Treatments have become more common than the original hazardous namesake, and some salons claim to use to smallest percentage needed.But... where safety is concerned... it's best to be an informed consumer.First, it's important to understand small amounts of formaldehyde are present all around us, it occurs naturally and is found in many man-made products. Questions arose because the formaldehyde used in manufactured products breaks down slowly under normal circumstances and is not rapidly released into the environment. However, heat (blow drying) and moderate humidity levels (a steamy bathroom) hastens the breakdown and release of the chemical into the air.Since keritan helps the formaldehyde bond to the hair, the chemicals will stick around awhile, meaning it will be hard to wash out in a few shampoos. There are concerns the chemical could accumulate on the hair over time and will be re-released with each wash and dry.So, long-term use of the straightening method would also mean long-term exposure and accumulation on the hair.What Are The Effects Of Formaldehyde?1) Some people are naturally highly sensitive to formaldehyde, others may not be as sensitive but over time develop an allergy to it. It's in the chemical's make up to stir the immune system and cause sensitivity.2) Runny nose, sore throat, headache, itching, and irritated eyes can occur with low levels of exposure. 3) It is also a known carcinogen, and smokers in particular are at a greater risk for cancers of the airways, including nasal passages when they are exposed to formaldehyde.Good Reasonably PricedPantene Pro-V Smooth & Shine Anti-Frizz Serum 1.7 fl oz (50 ml)Amazon Price: $8.35List Price: $6.49Pantene Pro-V Conditioner, Always Smooth, 25.4-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 2)Amazon Price: $32.99List Price: $18.31Pantene Pro-V Always Smooth 2 in 1 Shampoo And Conditioner 12.6 fl oz (375 ml)Amazon Price: $2.75List Price: $4.99Pantene Pro-V Shampoo, Always Smooth, 25.4-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 2)Amazon Price: $24.80List Price: $17.85How Can We Protect Ourselves?Pregnant women, people with compromised lung functioning whether from bronchitis or smoking, and formaldehyde sensitive people must make a great effort to avoid exposure.Ask if Formaldehyde or the Brazilian Straightening System is being used in your salon. There are salons that refuse to use the system because of the risk to their clients.People working with chemicals are just as at risk as the clients they serve. Wearing gloves, and installing a proper ventilation system could help, but remember you are still exposing yourself continuously thereby increasing your chances of harm.If you experience the symptoms associated with low level exposure, get outside, if product is in the hair ask the stylist to ventilate the room, and rinse it out ASAP once you feel better.If you suddenly experience shortness of breath, accompanied by hives, or burning sensations around your head, ask for help, call 911, and get to a ventilated area.If after a few days with the treatment you or family members start feeling under the weather with respiratory symptoms and fatigue, consult your doctor, and tell him/her about your exposure to formaldehyde. Quality Ceramic Irons Normally $150 and up on ebay Under $90!!!Paul Mitchell Protools Express IonStyle 1" Ceramic Iron Current Bid: $119.00 Paul Mitchell Express Ion Smooth 1.25 Ceramic Flat Iron Current Bid: $38.00 *BRAND NEW* PAUL MITCHELL 1.0 CERAMIC STYLING IRON 1'' Current Bid: $115.00 Paul Mitchell Professional Ceramic Flat Iron Current Bid: $61.00 How Can You Get Straight Hair Without Chemicals?Ceramic flat irons are great. They smooth, and give just enough lift and curl to make curly heads happy without the unflattering look of flat lifeless hair.There are lots of people who thought bone straight hair was their dream and got the BS treatment only to find out that the look makes them look all washed up.But.. if you still have a will to wilt the links below might be helpful.As for folks happy with the treatment, there are many results. My daughter had a mild Brazilian treatment to defrizz. Her hair was still wavy and it gave her a little confidence boost when she started high school without frizzy hair. BUT... she hated the formaldehyde odor when it was wet or even dampened in a light rain. She decided to not go back for more treatments. Her hair grew out fine.There are good and bad comments below (read them, I don't delete any because they don't agree with me). Some folks had the treatment without incident, others complained of breakage and hair falling out. Some believe it's worth the risks, others don't believe in the hype, and there are many more who have experienced reactions.In the end, it's your decision to make. However, now you know the risks involved and the danger signs.Best of LuckShiny ThingsConair Ion Shine 1875-Watt Hair DryerAmazon Price: $14.01List Price: $24.99Shiny Pearls - Baby Girl & Toddler Hair Band / Ponytail Holder - RedAmazon Price: $3.95ConairPro Shiny Silver Ultra Shampoo 12 oz.Amazon Price: $5.98List Price: $5.99Conair Shiny Styles 4-in-1 Straight WaverAmazon Price: $29.49List Price: $24.99Just the Facts and a Shout Out for the goodFormaldehyde FactsCan a New Brazilian Hair-Straightening Treatment Make You Sick? -- New York MagazineIs your straight hair making your stylist sick?Nearly Natural Hair Straightening Solutions:Short HairCurly locks can be a bear, but a few easy techniques for short hair will get you a tame look that's just right without harsh chemicals or a day long trip to the salon. As seen on TV...picture perfect healthy...I Am Not My Hair so... Let's Celebrate Our Soulsvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny Awesome Beautiful Curly Girls Going Straight: Nearly Natural Hair Straightening Solutions:Short HairCommentsmaricarbo3 years ago I had never heard of this type of straightening for hair.  Good information.glassvisage3 years ago Interesting! I've never heard of this either (thankfully I don't need to straighten my hair, especially w/ formaldehyde).Mary B.3 years ago I have very curly hair and for years I damaged it with relaxers that actually never even worked.  This product is like a miracle for me.  It makes my hair so managable even in the Floridian swamp-like weather.  I love it.  I just hope it doesn't kill me!Sangay Glass3 years ago I never said it doesn't work, but I hope it doesn't kill you either.I firm believer that people have a right to know the risk, understand their options, and know what to do should in case of things go bad.I also believe they have a right to decide for themselves.I think the people at the greastest risk are the ones putting it on clients, but there's no research into that yet.Simone Frank2 years ago I've had the treatment. Although I like the results I've decided to go back to relaxing my hair. Does anyone know if you can relax your hair after a BKT. It's now been 3 months and my hair is getting kinky again. In the past I've used Phytospecific hair relaxer. Sangay Glass2 years ago You'll need to find a good salon. Then let them know which type of BKT was used(since there are different brands).If the person doing the new straightening is any good they will call the company to make sure thier product doesn't have negetive effects with other products.JLS2 years ago i am a hairdresser and this straightening is horrible for you...it works great but i did a little research...i had the company send me over the msds sheets on the product...i found out that they say there is no Formaldehyde in the product but which causes cancer and they hide it by using other names for it...for example they told me they used aldehyde in it---> turns out to be that it is the same as Formaldehyde if you look under a medical dictionary definition...STAY AWAY!!!Leslie2 years ago The salon owners also don't tell you the risks of Japanese straightening combined with hair coloring. After about 6-7 semi-annual treatments, my long straight hair broke off from scalp to ends, all different areas. My Japanese stylist made me feel responsible for "damage" and just charged me more for "deep conditioning" which did nothing. i now sport a Pob. Yesterday I tried BKT and love it.Tessa2 years ago I did the Japanese hair straigthening. I colored a few month after. My hair is breaking like crazy. The color has faded. What to do - the curls are coming back too after 4 monthSangay Glass2 years ago Hey Tessa,Get to a good professional salon asap how do you know its good?Many of the big guys like Paul Mitchell have requirements for salons that carry their line exclusively. For instancethe salon must have its staff attend classes and seminars to use their exclusive products.Always be honest with your stylist and tell them exactly what you used in your hair between the straightening and breaksalso find out exactly what the Brazilian hair product was that used on your hair since each has a slightly different chemical composition, and share this information.If a stylist doesnt do a consult before they dive into your hairthen they are just a hair dresser who could care less about the end result.You will probably neeed a good conditioning treatment. Tkae a look at my other article Nearly natural solutions for cury hair for a break from chemical straightening.danielle2 years ago You have to be very careful with those hair irons.wwwhairstalentcom2 years ago I'm just curious what do clients do when they get home and have to hold their baby, lay next to their husband or hold a child after they get The Brazilian Straightening Treatment.  I found some interesting information while doing research on the Brazilian Straightening.  Presumably, the hairstylist & the client are wearing masks to protect from the fumes. Stylist are suggesting to the clients that using air purifiers, expensive fume extractor and do the process in a well ventilated room is making it safe to have this straightening and safe for their stylist to use day in and day out. Ok, but what happens when you leave the salon and you can't wash your hair for a couple of days.  Yes, the client is told that "it doesn't touch the scalp, it doesn't get on the skin, it won't seep into your pores. But, what happens when you are laying your head on the same pillow every night, breathing the product into your lungs!!  You lay on your back, where is your hair? You lay on your stomach where is your face?Where is your new born's face when you are burping him?Where is your child's face when you are hugging him!!  Remember when the product "wears off", in the course of the following 3 - 5 months it returns to its vapor state. As it does this, the client, as well as all who are close by are inhaling the fumes on a daily basis it's the accumulative exposure that is the danger. Heat and moderate humidity levels hastens the breakdown and release the chemical even after treatment.Since formaldehyde can bond and stick around awhile, meaning it would be hard to wash out in a few shampoos, there are concerns that the chemical could accumulate on the hair over time and would be re-released with each wash and dry.So, long term use of the straightening method would also mean long term exposure, and accumulation on the hair  Understand that there is 2% formaldehyde volume in the Brazilian Straightening and that is 10 times the amount considered to be safe (.02%) in Cosmetics, nail polish and daily cleaning agents.   I have heard once :Our insurance wouldn't cover BKT if it wasn't FDA approved. As a salon owner, a insurance company has never asked me about products that I use, or about a FDA approval. Even the health department that comes into my salon regularly has never asked me about product ingredients.   The goo used in the Brazilian method is made of keratin protein and formaldehydeyou know, the stuff used to embalm bodies   So what's wrong with it? Its major ingredient, and why it smells so bad, is formaldehyde, which is classified as a human carcinogen by the International Agency on research for Cancer, part of the World Health Organization. In short, it can cause cancer. 2% is very high and over time very dangerous!! Once the Brazilian straightening solution is painted on dry hair, the stylist flatirons the hair, releasing vapors into the air.  With repeated inhalation at higher levels, it is associated with nasal and brain cancer, and possibly leukemia, according to the National Cancer Institute. So think about what you and your family are breathing in every time you flat iron your hair.Sangay Glass2 years ago I totally agree!That's why I'm really against this method to straightening:I created another article for people who want to try some nearly natural solutions for curly hair.http://hubpages.com/hub/NearlyNaturalShort-HairWhile the natural methods work fastest for short hair, longer hair will take lnoger, but the results are just as good.Leslie2 years ago I had this treatment one week ago and my hair is falling out! I have what my dermatologist calls telogen effluvium induced by contact dermatitis. In other words, my scalp itches, is dandruffy now, and handfuls of my hair are falling out. This is going to last for months as the hair growth cycle regulates. I have to take steroids to get rid of the dermatitis, but the damage is done.This is SOOOOOOOOOO not worth the sinkful of hair that fell out of my head today. I am so sad that I didn't just leave well enough alone.So the chemicals are not just harmful to breathe. They're bad for your skin. If you're a sensitive skinned person, do not touch this treatment with a ten-foot pole.psioni2 years ago Wow, I had not heard about this. I have muliple chemical sensitivties, and formaldehyde is something that sets off weird flare-ups in me. These toxic chemicals are all around us, and people don't realize it. SOmething like this hair straightening method could push easliy someone over theie sensitvity limits. Be careful.Tessa2 years ago Stay away from the Brazilian and Japanese straightening. I did the Japanese in January. I went back to my stylist who is doingfrequent deep conditioning and clipping the ends. My hair is still falling. It is damaged beyond repair. I have to keep trimming itJessica2 years ago hmm. I don't know if I would want to try Brazillian. I'll still stick to the Japanese hair straightening way. I've done if four times now and the only time it didn't work for me was on my fourth time, when I had it done by an inexperienced stylist.yami lambrides2 years ago Well as far as I know everything give you cancel now days.  There is one brazilian relaxer that doesn't have formadehyde and it works great!  Every body have a differente opinion about every product in te market.  I do hair and yes the product is strong, but every one I have done so far is been happy with it.bigtoes242 years ago I was seriously thinking about getting the "Brazilian straightening", but had concerns about the formaldehyde. The salon I go to really tried to "minimize" the potential danger; It's well ventilated, its only a small amount, I did it to my daughter and she's fine, were the things I heard. As it happens, I'm trying to get pregnant so this isn't a good idea for me but, I don't think I would have done it anyway. Too many questions about the safety and its not worth the risk.Simone T2 years ago I was confused re what to do about my hair and my stylist refused to use BS. It helps to read all the comments here, so I am staying away from both BS and Japanese straightening. Has anyone got any information on Ionar or The Marroquino Hair Treatment? I checked their website and they list "keratin white Clay and cocoa oil" as ingridients... It is a confusing world out there, perhaps time to just accept my hair for what it is and work with it!jackie k23 months ago I did the Japanses Hair straightening a year and a half ago.  At first it was okay then my hair fell out in patches.  It got so bad that I got hair extensions while I waited for my hair to grow back.  My hair is very frizzy and unmanageable so I made an appontmant to have the Brazillian keratin done.  I am supposed to be getting the brazillian keratin hair straightening done tomorrow.  My hair stylist said that there are no chemicals in the one she uses.  I will go and ask to read the ingriedents on the container.  This site helped a lot.  I now know the other name for formaldehyde.Ana23 months ago  <!--  /* Style Definitions */  p.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormal {mso-style-parent:""; margin:0in; margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:12.0pt; font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-fareast-font-family:"Times New Roman";} @page Section1 {size:8.5in 11.0in; margin:1.0in 1.25in 1.0in 1.25in; mso-header-margin:.5in; mso-footer-margin:.5in; mso-paper-source:0;} div.Section1 {page:Section1;} -->I just came back from vacation in Brazil and had this treatment done over there. I went to a well known hair salon and the stylist explained to me that there are many different versions of the formaldehyde treatment (including the chocolate and citric acid treatment, among others). From what I learned, the formaldehyde treatment started a few years ago and, in the beginning, a lot of people had problems with this treatment; many lost a lot of hair. They found out, later on, that they were using a high percentage of formaldehyde and now they are only allowed to use 2%, which seems to be fine so far. I know many people from Brazil who have been doing this treatment for a few years and are VERY happy with the results. I did the citric acid treatment (citric acid is an organic acid commonly used as a pH adjuster and a natural preservative in hair care products),  which, according to the stylist, has no formaldehyde (but later on I learned that there is if fact a small percentage). Before the treatment my hair was extremely dry, frizzy, and unmanageable because of the sun, ocean and chlorine. It looked so damaged that I couldnt wear my hair down because it looked horrible. Even when I used my ceramic flat iron the ends looked awful. It has been about 3 weeks now, since I had the treatment done and my hair looks and feels great. Ive been wearing it down with no problems, and there is no need to even use the blow dryer or the flat iron (both of which are very damaging). Because of the small percentage of formaldehyde, my hair is not completely straight, but its much more manageable, softer and the dry ends look smooth and healthy. Of course I dont know what the consequences from the long term exposure of this product are, or how my hair will look after the product is completely washed out (he said it would take about 4 months) but I am most definitely happy with the treatment. I will be sure to post another comment if things go bad from now on but, for now, I am looking forward to finding a hair salon in my area that offers this treatment.Haide23 months ago I have been doing Brazilian straighting since last August, I loved it, my hair is so smouth and shiny, I used "chocolate" and I didn't have any problems, I have highlights in my hair, this traitement is amazing!Brenda22 months ago There are several companies that produce BKT. Many state they have no formaldehyde in their formula. They have aldehyde. Does this not sound like a derivative? The scent of the treatment has nothing to do with the strength. Whether using 0%, 2% or 4% you can choose mint, strawberry, acai or chocolate scent. BKT is the latest and greatest "bad boy" on the block to sensationalize. How much less damage do we do ourselves with color or perms? If you're a smoker can you really point a finger at BKT? You take in formaldehyde with every cigarette. It's in your carpets, counters, cabinets, foods and nail products. To single out BKT and blindly ignore your daily intake offenders is so un-informed. Like mom used to say...a "little" knowledge is so dangerous. Either cut it all out of your life or get informed so as not to appear silly.Bella Blu22 months ago Hi,Sorry to butt in, but I've been checking in on this hub for months now and I have to say something, even it it does perhaps amount to blatant self promotion.I British, but I live in Brasil and I've been using Keratin hair straightener for a couple of years. I love it so much a run a website selling it all over the world.The product I sell is made by a company called Niasi (www.niasi.com.br) and I can assure it does not contain Formaldehyde, Aldehyde or any of the derivative names I've heard banded around.The simple truth is that unlike some countries (America included) Brasil has incredibly tight laws about the use of chemicals and the responsibilties of service providers like hairdressers.Once the product was ruled unsafe - by authorities here - its use was outlawed. What the smart producers did was go away and find other ingredients which would work.Everybody knows about the Keratin thing, but other chemicals and extracts have now been found which do the same job (actually theu do it a lot better).Now I'm not simply trying to plug my site (www.escovaprogress.com by the way) because any hair straightener produced in Brazil - and that includes many different product names such as Escova Progressiva, Escova Progress, Escova Marroquin (Moroccan), KerateLiss it goes on and on - will nt contain the dreaded Formaldehyde.As it goes, as well as been the most effective Keratin product on the market (You'll see it in just about every salon in Brasil) Zene Escova Progress was the first of the new wave of hair straightening treatments to be formally approved as 100% safe by the Brazilian Ministry of Health.I'm not sure if such a blatantly commercial post will make it to this hub, but I hope somebody somewhere picks up on this and spreads the word.That way you can all have beautifully straight, glossy hair just like me :)BBWoJo21 months ago i have found this hub to be terribly interesting!!! thanks to all involved. i am a hairdresser and was just introduced to the brazilian smoothing system yesterday. we were told it did not contain formaldehyde but it used amaldehyde instead. sounded eeriluy simular to me, but we performed the service on our models anyway. i am now very concerned about bringing these products in to my salon!! will definetly do more investigating.*****for those expierencing hair loss from japanese relaxers*****I am certified in this product and the reason hair falls out is the fault of the stylist!!! the relaxer esentially makes the shaft of the hair shrink. if the product is applied directly to the scalp (WHICH IS A HUGE NO-NO!!), the hair shaft becomes smaller than the diameter of the hair follicle and the hair literally slides out of the follicle. this is irreversible, unfortunately. you can tell whether the hair is breaking or falling out at the scalp by the size of the hair. if they are full length strands with a small bit of scalp tissue (GROSS, i know) attatched to it, then its just falling out and trims and conditioners will not help. if the strands are half-sized and maybe the end of the strand is grazzely, then trims and conditioners will help prevent further damage. be sure to ask your stylist if they are CERTIFIED to use these products. even ask to see their certificate. i held on to mine just in case anyone asked for proof. do not be shy to do this...its YOUR hair and you have to live with the consequences. a professional stylist will not be offended to provide this info to their clients!! Good luck all!!!cg21 months ago i got this done at a great salon for a pretty good price. i asked for the treatment w/o formaldehyde, but it was more expensive (the chocolate treatment) and i'm allergic to the ingredients in that one, so i just stuck with the traditional. my hair felt so soft and was so much more manageable! it was still curly, but much nicer and easier to blow dry/straighten. i got so many compliments afterward, and did not lose hair or die for that matter...just make sure you go to a reputable place and not the place with the cheapest price!Bees21 months ago wOJOPlease help me. I had the bkt in January 08 and loved it. I then redid the bkt at the same salon and liternally 10 days after the treatment, my hair started to fall out, it has now been 7 months and still falling out. I have been to many doctors to try and find the reason and I am sure this is it. I still do not see any regrowth and am loosing about 100 hairs a day. I had very thick hair and have lost about 50% of it. Mine is falling from the root, has the white sheath at the end. Do you think damage is irreversible. I had a scalp biopsy done last week and they told me I have a lot of hairs in telogen stage and I should get regrowth. I now just was my hair and leave it to dry on its own, I do not blow dry it I am so depressed to see my hair falling outSangay Glass21 months ago you did the right thing by going to a doctor. Try this website for natural hair care. You might be able to contact my friend Keichelle through it. She is an expert in natural hair care that migh help you get regrowth.http://www.kukaberrys.com/karrie21 months ago I love the Brazilian treatment. I've been using the dream hair brand for about 9 months. The results are fabulous. My frizz is gone & my hair is less curly, easy to style and looks healthy!  The product didnt say it had formeldahyde, but I later found out it did.About a week after my last application, I developed a cold.  Which I found out was  bronchitis.  My bacteria levels were extremely high & the doctor was really surprised that I didn't smoke or have asthma.  I found out if I had not gone to the doctor, this would've turned into pnemonia.  I've been really sick for about 2 weeks and I decided to google it.  Ironically formeldahyde can cause bronchitis.  I really believe this is why I am so sick.  I am now freaked out because the treatment slowly washes away & I have these fumes on my head.  I am also extremely bummed, because I will not use the product again.I know having bronchitis doesn't seem to be that bad. But I think it's a wake up call. Looking at all of the long term effects are scary. Lung cancer, chronic bronchitis, asthma.. etc. etc.  Has anyone experienced any health issues?  I don't know if I should cut all of my hair off, so that I'm not breathing in the product any longer. Or if the levels are now low enough for it not to bother me.  If anyone has any suggestions I would love to hear them. I feel weird telling my doctor about this.. but I can't find anything about preventative exposure on the web.Dana20 months ago Hello there!I have never done the brazilian keratin but i did the Japanese thermal reconditioning,namely yuko and it was a DISASTER,apparently the stylist put the the chemicals on the scalp and ten days after the treatment my hair started to fall out in HANDFULLS.....it has been 2.5 months and I have noted incredibly thinning in my hair and I can barely comb it because lots of it comes out,also the scalp is extremely flaky and itchy....I also had a scalp biopsy done and and it confirmed that I had an acute exogenous trauma to the scalp that also left me with telogen effluvium.....it supposedly goes away after a 6-8 months....please girls don't mess with your hair......be happy with what u haveDeltagirlFA0619 months ago I am currently going through some serious kinky hair issues, iam used to having relaxed hair, however i have decided to go natural, and have been since september. I thought i had found the golden ticket when i ran into someone offering to do this on craigslist! But i have a biology degree and once i saw formaldehyde, i knew what time is was.... lol meaning i didnt want it anymore. Its not worth it! There is an alternative, and its called Ojon and Wen. These products work, but it takes a little longer but they are completely natural. I was going to get the BST for a quick fix.kathic18 months ago It seems as though this particular page is a pretty obvious plug for Paul Mitchell; and for that reason I don't buy the whole "Brazilian Straightening is Bad; Paul Mitchell is good" rhetoric.  Right when I signed up for Hub just now, they asked if I had something I wanted to sell.  I'm going to do some more research on the Brazilian process, because it costs 1/3 of the Japanese treatment.  Plus, I've tried Gloss Drops, and it doesn't work AT ALL on my hair. Anonymous18 months ago I worked for a Brazilian Hair Staraightening Co. They don't even really know if it's harmful or not, it's all about the money! They would tell their clients it's totally safe but I did my research and formaldehyde is very dangerous. I even showed them my findings but they only wanted to concentrate on the parts of the documents that might imply that formadehyde is not so harmful. They rely on the fact that they have a low formaldehyde content but what they fail to tell the people is that this is sitting on your head for months. It's there while you sweat, while you sleep, while you work. It's formaldehyde sitting for months on your head! You are constantly and consistently being exposed and there are NO studies to determine what the long term effects of this particular exposure can be. Beauty is not worth this. I never felt comfortable working for them because I knew they dealt in half truths. Please think twice before getting this done!bella soares18 months ago i'm brazilian and i've done already two types of straightening treatments. i think i've done a them a total of five times altogether. the first three were with a treatment called "photum" which works with a bit of chemicals and then some lazer. you basically stay up to 6 hours in the salon going through series of steps for the procedure. they say it stays until it grows out but i think it only works for half a year. they also told me that this procedure was less harmful than BKT, and i believe them because there are no fumes at all when they apply the stuff to your hair. but still, 6 hours on a chair is too long! so i tried BKT for twice and it's worked fine for me so far. but i won't be doing it again because i'm concerned that if i do it too much it could harm me in the long-run.i've also only recently learned that there is an actual law now that states that hair treatments that contain formaldehyde can't be done in salons now. my hairdresser told me this and she added that if they catch a hairdresser doing it, they go to jail for 10 years with no bail! so i got my hairdresser to do it at my house for me for the last time, but i don't think i want to be involved in something that is remotely close to breaking a law!Eva16 months ago It's been three months since I did the BKT treatment to my hair....It's been okay.  Initially I was very satisfied with the results after my first wash, I started to realize that my hair was shedding like crazy throughout the day. I thought maybe I used the wrong shampoo. After a couple of washes and trying to find the best shampoo the shedding was minimal. (tresamme smooth and silky)gave me the best results.  I started to use leave-in treatments for breakage and my hair really is a lot better.  I really don't want to get the BKT treatment done for another two or three months.  However, the roots are getting really curly.  Can I relax (chemically)?  Oh, I also notice that my hair is not growing as fast....it is growing just not as fast as it use to.  I need to know if I can relax the roots and why if anyone knows the growth is stund......paul16 months ago I am a hairstylist in souther california, i am experienced in both japanese and brazilian hair straitners and i can tell you i have never had any of my clients experience hair loss with it. Go to an experienced hair straitner stylest you will not have this problem. Its your hair dresser's fault not the product. As far as the brazilian is concerned yes it is still considered a new product and don't know the long term affects are.But for those who got the brazilian and are concerned obout thier safety and want the product off, go jump in to the ocean or clorien water and that atomaticly will deteriorate the brazilian off your hair. Salt is the enemy to the brazilian, and yes this sit does sound like a promotion to Paul Mitchel produt. stop the panic and insanity.Eva16 months ago can I relax my hair before getting my 2nd BKT treatment?  My roots are out of control!!!!!!Daisy16 months ago There is a non chemical straightening system called Reform. It is the first NATURAL STRAIGHTENING SYSTEM in the industry that does not use a harsh chemical to break down the hair bonds. You do not wear gloves, it is 100% Vegan and Fragrance Free.It is a wonderful system that has changed my life in the salon! The formal systems are very dangerous and actually illegal in Brazil, funny as they came from there! Allure magazine two years ago put a 4 page article just on the warnings to these systems and yet look how the popularity took over! All these Keratin Systems have a derivative of a formaldehyde! Look at the last part of formaldeHYDE! Hum....When used with heat a Aldehyde will turn to Formaldehyde.I sure hope the price tag on your life is more than what your making for these systems. if you continue to use them, I would suggest you start a death piggy bank! Not any money in the world would make me consider using them or work NEXT To someone that does use them. Please people!!!!Mich15 months ago I am supposed to be having the brazilian straightening treatment in a few days (the cocochoco chocolate one) and i am nervous. most of the articles that i have read are old (from 2 years ago). have they maybe improved it since then? i really want to do it but i am scared to take a chance - ie re the harmful chemicals in the treamtment. i have v curly and dry hair and this will really help. any comments?Cici15 months ago I've been using this system for some time and I found out a wonderful and treated hair. I've had NO hair loss or hair breaking. Just the opposite, my hair has never been so beautiful. There is a strong odour, it's true but all the straightening treatments have terrible smell too besides they all have hazardous substances, all of them.JAQCQUIE15 months ago ALL STYLIST NEED TO USE A CAPTURE SOURCE UNIT...ONLY HAVE THE TREATMENT DONE WHILE USING THIS MACHINE!LOOK FOR A STYLIST THAT WORKS WITH THIS TYPE OF UNIT.Mister K13 months ago From "http://www.elle.com/Beauty/Beauty-Spotlight/BRAZIL":"The dirty secret of Brazilian Hair Straightening (or Brazilian Progressive Blow Dry) is a high concentration of Formaldehyde (a tissue fixative and embalming agent). It can be toxic, allergenic and carcinogenic (source: Wikipedia). In 2009, because the many cases of skin and hair injuries and the potential health risk, the brazilian National Agency of Sanitary Vigilance (ANVISA, equivalent to FDA) prohibited the use (like a hair straightener) and comercialization of Formaldehyde (and Glutaraldehyde, a far more toxic tissue fixative, but misused like a hair straightener too)."Mister K13 months ago Video:Dangerous Brazilian Hair Straighteninghttp://video.google.com.br/videoplay?docid=8545821Debbie13 months ago Crazy,In Brazil these systems are illegal to use! In addition, here in the US it is illegal to use FORMALDEHYDE on dead bodies but  hey, lets straighten hair. OSHA does not allow our work force to use 0.2 % without a gas mask but again, lets straighten hair with 2.o formaldehyde! Its time for change, its time to be smart. Once this Formaldehyde is placed on the hair it does leave till cut. Semi Perm? I don't think so my friends.....Scared straight! Allure magazine tried to warn us 3 years ago on the dangers and look at the ignorance. WOW!I think I will stay with Green.....Zerran Reform is a natural straightening system using 100% Vegan proteins. Zerranhaircare.com....Keeley Smith12 months ago well hello folks, well i just wanted to say that I am 14 and my hair is absolutely 100% crazy its brunette and sticks out a mile is dry thick and curly....so i wanted to get the brazilian treatment and i saw this site freaked out didn't get it and flat ironed my hair all the time guess what my hair is soooo damaged now and paul mitchell stuff does nothing ask me it sorda bogus sure it softens but does not come close to tame so i got the brazilian done it is perfectly fine and no im not dead im not sick im fine and people just need to relax and think hmmmm maybe i might be different and just cause it doesn't work on me doesn't mean hit doesn't work.no offense to anyone but i'm statin mine and many others opinions.Winterhair12 months ago I am looking for a good hair straightener that won't extremely damage my hair and will straighten well. I am currently using a cheap Durabrand one from WalMart and it makes my hair straight but really damages it and makes it frizzy. If anyone knows of a good hair straightener that I could get then that would be great :)hair falling12 months ago i had a brazilian hair relaxer. my hair looked great that day.about 10 days after, large amounts of hair started to fall off.. i've been relaxing my hair with other products my whole life and this is the first time this happens!!is there anything that can be done to stop/diminish the hair loss?Lisa Hirsch12 months ago I had the Brazilain Hair Treatmentdone 2 1/2 months ago.The first one I had done in the summer was the Coppola Traetment. I love the way my hair looks from the second. I was also concerned and reat the bottle and it also said manufactured in Isreal so I let the saloon do it.I have been suffering with a sinus infection since beginning of December. I thought that it may be related but have been trying to push it out of my mind since I love my hair so much(first time in my life). I now will speak to my doctor...had not mentioned the hair treatment as of yet.It all seems a little upsetting.Any comments from anyone 11 months ago There are other treatments besides BKT, although I did not hear about any actual people that had damages due to BKT.Although I would very much like to hear what are the risks involved in the different hair straightening techniques, I have just wen through a Japanese hair straightening and was really worried reading this article.raymond10 months ago The Chi Transformation is a thio product that doesnt use ammonia instead it uses MEA . You can also color the hair the very same day using thier non ammonia color lines by Farouk Systems, It does a great job and leaves the hair permanently straight and wont revert back if done correctlyHenry10 months ago The truth in the matter is this.  Brazilian or keratin straightening systsms use formaldehye.  Those that claim to be formaldehyde free are generally using another chemical trade name for this ingredient.  The only way to know is to request the MSDS (material safety data sheet) which you should have for all products you use in the salon.  The ingredients will be listed and you can then decifer if its safe.  Look for other names like methyl glycol which is a form of formaldehyde.  Alot of these products are made in China and we all know they do not have any regard for our health. The Yoko of any Japanese systems are damaging for the hair.  Relaxers are ok however you really need to know what yo are doing.  There is one product that I know is safe and it is Reform by Zerran which is made from all vegetable sources.  They are located in So Cal.  There is another product emerging called re4mer.  It gives volume fo fine hair, soft wave or it can defrizz like a Keratin using rollers and a salon hair dryer.  No ifons needed.  Like the Kertins, it last 3 months.  You can go right home and wash your hair and it is safe as it used Cystamine Chloride and sulfer.  Ther is a slight odor for a few days.  By the way, the best way to get formaldehyde poisoning is to inhale fumes of it which is exactly what happens during the process.  FIMA employees are not evel aallowed to go into the temporary housing for the Katrina victems as the wood was treated with Formaldehyde and most of those living in the homes have health problems.  This is all documented.  The re4mer treatment can be done over any chemical service and is great over color.  You can get this service from the man who developed it at Tony Hairtrons in Westlake located in the salon adjacent to Northranch Bty Supply.  It is wonderfully safe.  By the way, I have worked in the professional salon industry for over 25 years and I am for the health of people.Fabiane10 months ago I am brazilian, I used the Brazilian Hair Straightening with formaldehyde one year ago. This product gave me a lot allergy, now my head cannot stop itching. Do not use product with formaldehyde!BeautyOverBrains10 months ago I am stunned to see how many women flippantly state "my hair looks lovely now and I did not die from the treatment." Do you people know how a carcinogen works? I pray you don't find out, but cancer takes years to manifest in your body. I have a chemistry degree and a flat iron. I'll leave you lot to enjoy your sexy hair now. The chemo and subsequent death will take care of your hair problems in due time.Kathy9 months ago I had the brazilian treatment done. Before having it done, my hairdresser assured me that it was the safest and most wonderful thing that could happen to my hair. Once I had it done, it turned out to be the worst thing ever. It damaged my hair so much that the ends of my hair(about 5 inches of it) turned out completely dead and dry to the point that I had to get my hair cut short more than 5-6 incehs. It upset me so much and I swear I will never ever have anything that has the word "chemica" in it done to my hair.  EVER.  I have learned to appreciate whatever type of hair I have even though it might have some frizz. However, it is not bad enough to go through such traumatic experience for my hair. I will never have anything like that done again for the rest of my life!leeya19 months ago I used to go to the barber make  hair,and hair straightener is not good,temperature is too high that damage the hair.Then,I bought a hair straightener,but the effect is not very good.Untill my friends introduce the ghd hair straightener,it's very easy to use,and the temperature can be controlled.So,I can make the hair by myself and make the styling whatever I want.If you want to a perfect hair straightener,you would try this straightener.Want to open Men Salon8 months ago Hi ,I'm looking for a clever up to date brasilian hair dresser ,I want to open salon for men ,plz contact me on anood@engineer.comSam8 months ago Hi,I had the La- Brasiliana keratin treatment done yesterday. Should have researched a little before i had it done. Now that I've read all the posts here i'm really scared of loosing hair. I've already had a few strands fall out from my scalp and its disturbing. I am really concerned that my hair stylist used a spray bottle to spray the solution into my hair, so a lot of the product definitely got on my scalp and it was itching even during application. Is that the right way to apply it? When i complained about scalp itch and the fumes making me tear up, he assured me that that was normal and that this was a very safe treatment blah blah. He said he had taken classes in NY on how to use this product, but I wish i had known to ask for his BKT certification. I am so worried :(ChAnEr natural8 months ago @ BeautybeforeBrains, can you analyze Natural-laxer Plus Kit and tell me what you think?  My daughter has very thick natural hair that tangles terribly.  She doesn't want a relaxer and I don't want chemicals in her hair. I even created a hair and scalp treatment that I will introduce to market soon.  Can you give me your input on the relaxer system.  I need help since I have 3 natural girls and myself (recently natural).  Is the natural-laxer chemical free?  I would like to use it on my oldest daughter's hair.w/e8 months ago OK get over it!! everything now a days causes cancer. you might as well stop living!! formaldehyde is everywhere!!! you are already exposed to it everyday it is part of your home and work environments. yes it a high percentage but if you are going to stop because its going to give you cancer then you need to go do some research of your household products and get rid of them too and not be soo ignorant. its in paint, wood, glues, used to add permanent press qualities to clothing and draperies....w/e!! you are gonna die anyway..one way or anotherDanielle7 months ago I am a hair stylist And We are all exposed to chemicals anyways whats the difference If we Live in constant fear we never live...Jon7 months ago It should be obvious formaldehyde is bad for you, but so is everything else in life today and you are exposed to it everyday all day anyways (diet drinks and some buffets use it to help curb appetite) so if you like the results why stop? Its not doing near as much damage as sitting infront of your computer for hours or smoking. If the results make you happy go for it until the next thing that is even "safer" comes out.Stephanie7 months ago Yes as hair stylist we are in constent contact with chemical but other products less dangerous and as advanced as the Brazilian are now available on Market so as a self employed I will not use anything that contains dangerous chemicals in the first place. Heard of thermal ionic???sharon7 months ago I have had 2 or 3 brazillians and i will not do it again.  my hair feels like straw and my scalp is dry, very dry.   is there another safe produce to use to relax hair.  please help me.  i had it done in houston and will not do it againsharon7 months ago Stephanie, what is thermal ionicHealth comes 1st7 months ago Formaldehyde (systematic name: methanal) is an organic compound with the formula CH2O. As the simplest aldehyde, it is an important precursor to many other chemical compounds, especially for polymers. In 2005, annual world production of formaldehyde was estimated to be 21 million tonnes (46 billion pounds).In view of its widespread use, toxicity and volatility, exposure to formaldehyde is a significant consideration for human health.Miss Regret6 months ago Just had BTK done 3 days ago -- the chocolate-smelling kind. I was assured that I would love my hair. The smell wasn't bad, but as the solution was applied, it was stinging my eyes something awful. The stylist asked if my eyes were sensitive, as this hadn't happened to anyone else. She applied the solution with a brush, starting 1" from the scalp. When I left the salon, I didn't love my hair. My split ends were all sealed up, but my hair felt coarser than usual. It was also tangling badly by the time I got home. I coughed all night that night, thinking I must be getting sick. My throat and chest felt awful the next morning, like I was getting bronchitis. I flat-ironed my hair and my eyes stung again. At work the next day, my head started to itch. I went home early from work and rinsed and rinsed my hair (at the recommendation of the stylist). I could feel some of the product rinsing out. But a few hours later, my head was still stinging and itching like crazy. So I washed my hair with regular shampoo VERY WELL. My hair feels like it has returned to its pre-treatment state, but my scalp is still very itchy and irritated. I've been treating it each night with Rene Furterer products specifically to treat the scalp and praying each day that I don't lose any hair. I'm also still coughing badly and am pretty sure I have a respiratory infection from breathing in the fumes. Biggest regret ever! DO NOT GET THIS DONE! Even if you don't have the experiences I've had, your body is still being exposed to the same chemicals. Oh, if only I could turn back time.jen126 months ago Hi, I do think this is all kind of extreme.The type of treatment I use is from Italy and passes all Euro Health tests, which are very strict - its called something like Spazzola Progressiva. I had it done in NYC. Its amazing. However this is more of a treatment than simply straightening.After all, if you drank a thimble full of chlorine, you'd also have some nasty effects, or even die. However,I wouldn't swim in a pool without chlorine, that would probably kill me or make me ill! Look at the percentages involved. When you boil a pan of cabbage, you are also exposing yourself to formaldehyde, but i don't see any health warnings about that!I agree, there are products out there like BKT which can be harmful and dangerous! You just need to use common sense, and look for products out there which are 'safe'. Johnsons and other baby shampoos (l'oreal etc) also contain formaldehyde. Sometime nasty substances in very small amounts are helpful and safe....hiya6 months ago hi, i got done BKT few months back and just hated it. it didnt gave me ny good results and evn i got some grey hair. nvr trust the hair stylist if he says its safe as mine one said.. now m thinkin to go to japanese hair straightening. i need help if someone can tell me is it better then it or not.. if not which kind of straightening i can go foC1j6 months ago I have only n seen beautiful results from the Brazilian blow out. I bought it got certified and tried it on my client who has overly curly hair. I have done research on all of these Keratin products. This one does not smell,says it is Formaldehyde free. Unfortunately I followed the directions and did not use enough product, as they said less was more. My client is unhappy, her ends are still unmanageable. The company has told me to redo it in 10 days which I plan to do as they say on extremely curly hair it may take a few times. Formaldehyde vs Sodium Hydroxide cmon stylists, be careful read directions and don't put on scalp. Think of how you would want yours doneCarrue6 months ago I have been thinking about the Brazilian Treatment for a few weeks. After reading this website and many others I starting questioning the whole formaldehyde scare. Searching on formaldehyde, I found some interesting facts.Did you know that formaldehyde is used in animal feed? Formaldehyde is found in our clothing, our car, our house, the make up we wear and the shampoo that washes our hair. Formaldehyde is even in the water we drink daily.The only way for formaldehyde to cause affects is in high levels. The International Agency for Research on Cancer has concluded that there is limited evidence for the carcinogenicity of formaldehyde in human beings.So ladies, I say go out and get your hair done!!!J6 months ago Im thinking about getting the BTK process done. Was wondering if you are still able to use a curling iron and if the curls will stay in after getting the process done?DuET6 months ago I've done the BKT twice already, every three months.  It has has been great! However, I did do the research first on the pros and cons and who does it and what "experience" they have doing it. I ended up trying with a stylist who had been doing it for over 5 years and before she scheduled my appt. she asked me to come in for a consultation to see the condition and texture of my hair to see if I would be a good candidate for the BKT and for what type.  You see, there are different levels for different hair and a professional will tell you that.  Prior to getting it my hair was a mess and breaking off and dull.  It is now past my shoulders, shiny (love the shine!) and healthy.  it has even grown back in around my temple where it had come out.  I agree it can be a horrible experience in the wrong hands but make sure you go to someone who knows what they are doing.  I had a relaxer before for the record.EMart6 months ago Small amounts of Aldehyde are also found in over ripe fruits, cinnamon, vanilla, cilantro, roasted coffee, wine and other fermented beverages. It is found in essential oils, and many fragrances are also Aldehydes. It has a different chemical make up than Formaldehyde, however is in the same group.Sure its safer not to get the Brazilian Straightening done, however there are many other ways that we are exposed to these chemicals.I'm looking into having this treatment done, and im not going to stop eating foods that contain vanilla because of it either.NickyWicky6 months ago I've been using the BKT since December 08. I LOVED it instantly! I am of mixed ethnicity, so my hair is extremely thick, curly and in some areas, coarse. Relaxers damage my hair, so I went natural from  Sep 06-Dec 08 until I used the BKT.I have used Trixeira, which was great, but contained way too much formaldehyde, as evidenced by burning nose, runny eyes, the masked stylists, etc. In May & Sep 09, I tried the chocolate Global Keratin, which made the hair drier and my scalp irritated. I had some breakage in the crown and a lot of hair fell broke in the front, one 1 side only...UGLY. SO I gave myself a break for 10 months or so, took iron pills every other day (helps tremendously with regrowth).In May 2010, I tried La Brasiliana, and I love it! No irritation, very gentle, but it doesn't seem to straighten the roots as well as the other 2 did, but that's maybe because the ingredients have less formaldehyde? I was, and still am very leary about the aldehydes, so I recently ordered the La Brasiliana ZERO BKT, which claims to have NO FORMALDEHYDE...Well, when I received it, the ingredient is BENZALDEHYDE, which is basically another ALDEHYDE; needless to say, I'm really irritated about their misleading advertising. I have yet to use the product that I spent $80 buying (4 oz bottle)On the plus side, the La Brasiliana makes my hair soft, supple and very shiny! It feels great, and I can flat iron it once a week to keep the straightness. It didn't burn my eyes much and the stylist in Queens, NY knew her stuff! That really helps!However, I'm very interested in the Zarrin Reform treatment, as i'm worried about the whole cancer issue with aldehydes, so if anyone out there has tried REFORM, can you please provide input?  ThanksJacqui5 months ago Hi I love your posting and was just wondering if you could advise as to where i can buy hair from brazil? I am in the uk and am finding it hard to buy hair extensions directly from brazilmany thanksDee5 months ago STAY AWAY!  I AM LOSING MY HAIR BIG TIME! I got my first brazilan in Oct 2009, the chemicals were really bad during the process, I sat in the chair with a wet cloth over my mouth and nose the whole time, my fiance didn't want to get near me for 3 days. I noticed right away that when I washed my hair it was like straw when wet. I did cut my blow drying time from 50-60min down to 20-25 min. and once it was dry it was smooth and silky, however I found it was a little to straight for my liking.  I decied to do a second treatment 2 weeks before my wedding in March 2010 since I didn't want to take any chance with humidity and my hair frizzing for my wedding this time the stylist used that chocolate smelling one.  About 4 weeks after my wedding (3 months ago) my hair started falling out in handfuls.  I leave a trail where ever I go.  The worst is when I shower the hair trails down my body in clumps. I have never been so fearful in my life that I am going to lose all my hair.  I just saw an endocronoligist and there is no hormonal or thyroid reason for this to be happening. I can only relate it back to the straighting treatments. BUYER BEWARE!  IT IS NOT WORTH BEING BALD TO HAVE STRAIGHT HAIR! (AND CANCER FROM THE CHEMICALS)Lisa4 months ago Hi Everyone, I'm brazilian and I have been doing Brazilian straighting for almost 10 years and I loved it. My hair is so smouth and shiny, I used I haven't had any problems, I have highlights in my hair, this traitement is amazing! On the beginning the treatment was rough but now a days they are much better. I feel I am very healthy person, thank God. I do my hair every 6 months! The problem is Professionals that are not trained to manage Brazilian straighting products and that's really scary too!Patricia4 months ago I had the chocolate smelling Keratin Express on July 19 at my salon. Highly recommended by my stylist, the owner of the salon so he applied it to my hair and almost immediately I started loosing my hair and it is still coming out at a rapid rate.  I have always had BEAUTIFUL thick hair and people would even stop me on the street to tell so. NO MORE - my hair is awful - so frightning!! Go to www.oprah.com/community/thread/113583 and you will read pages of commentary from women all over the country to whom this is happening because of this awful treatment.  I don't know what I am going to do!!!!!DO NOT TAKE THE CHANCE - there are some success stories but is it worth you being the one it doesn't work on and you start loosing your hair????LSKing4 months ago Great article. I shared this on Facebook.Fiona 4 months ago Hey I had the keratin treatment done today the chocolate one, my hair looks and feels amazing ! Tamed all my frizz and my hair is so healthy and shiny I haven't rinsed it out yet. I am currety 8 months pregnant and I had no side effects to the product I feel perfectly heathy! But after all tear comments I am now worried that I put my baby at risk should I be concerned or am I just being paranoid? Should I rinse my hair tonight instead of waiting until tomorrow? My hair is natural I do not dye it but I really wanted to try this product and I am happy wig the results but how much is actually effecting my unborn child?? I'm really worried and have been really upset i feel so selfish since I could have waited after my baby was born to do it! Can someone help me thanks again!Michelle Rupkalvis4 months ago For great looking hair and health do not forget the common sense notion to eat well and get exercise. Lots of fresh fruits, veggies and get your Omega 3 fatty acids. Your hair and skin will look great, and even better if you see on of our stylists.Jeff Cardarella4 months ago Without the proper ventilation cosmetologists may be over exposed to excessive levels of either formaldehyde or gluteraldehyde vapor.Repeated overexposure to either formaldehyde of glutaraldehyde vapors can cause upper respiratory tract irritation, difficulty breathing, occupation-related asthma and other related symptoms, e.g. skin allergic sensitivity or burning/watery eyes.When used properly, the Aerovex Systems Chemical Source Capture system* can helpreduce a cosmetologists exposure to safe levels.* Aerovex Systems' Chemical Source Capture System has been tested by internationally known scientific expert Doug Schoon of Schoon Scientific and was found to be an effective means for lowering exposure to safe levels.Nancy London4 months ago Please! Who started all this panic. One of the posts stated that Formaldehyde is all around us. Guess what? That's right!! Look at the amount involved.Formaldehyde has been class as a 'possible' carcinogen - at INDUSTRIAL levels. I'm sure if you filled your house with exhaust fumes you may die - that wont stop me going outside and breathing in a small amount of fumes from passing cars!!Please - stop the panic, grow up, and find something else to make a mountain out of a mole hill from. The scare mongers are boring me!!!Lisa London4 months ago I had my brasilian blow-dry done about 7 weeks ago. I have never loved my hair so much and worried so little about how I look. I used to have to spend so much time on my coarse unruly hair and now I can literally just wash and go. I think so many people have blown this issue out of all proportion. We are exposed daily to dangerous fumes and chemicals but thankfully in such a small amounts that its not life-threatening. You are not being submerged in chemicals by having the BKT..simply having a tiny percentage applied will not make all your hair fall out or kill you.If you want to worry about which bus is going to kill you then you may as well throw out the microwave,put your mobile phone down the toilet and never leave the house again.Goodnight.Keratin hair treatment4 months ago The method helps a lot of people, I don't see the point of scaring others to try. As long as you are smart about it it's good.lady4 months ago Sad I didn't know it was that dangerous. I do it myself with a 2% formaldehyde. I apply it every four months, on average, in front of the air conditioner and it's fine. Yes, a little annoying during application, but I never noticed any funny smells after the application. It seems to go away completely.What I do is only 3 to 4 times through with the flat iron, rather than the 10 times. I found 10 times to dry and make my hair look awful. Bascially, I am just looking for ease of management of my curls. Besides, even after 10 times, my curls would come back in a week or so anyway. So, 3 to 4 times does the trick and then I have nice soft curls for months.One other thing I do is use conditioner to scrub my scalp. Conditioning is the most important part of the treatment. Shampooing everyday isn't a good idea with this stuff... If you're like me and have a dry sensitive scalp, it's best to use conditioner everyday, and shampoo like every other day or every other 2 days.Anyway, that's my experience.rhonda4 months ago don't do it..... my hair is falling out..... i had very thick hair, now it is baby fine.... and the texture is terrible.i thought this process was great for the hair.... i have been having it done at the salon,for 3 years... i didn't realize it at first, that my hair was falling out...kind of liked the idea that my hair wasn't so full, i just didn't realize how bad it was for the scalp.... i  have had this treatment at least 8 times.i will never do it again.if you are thinking about DON"T do it.Kris3 months ago I did the keratin express treatment two days ago and was promised it was safe. I was able to wash my hair after 24 hours and it should not last as long as the regular treatment. I have had a horrible headache, and more recently difficulty with breathing clearly. My hair is fine, but my breathing is not. I would not recommend exposure to this product, it really is not worth it.Natasha3 months ago I try'd a product I brought of the internet called Zene. It is suppose to be 100% formaldahyde free. I did lose a lot of hair but I have a extreme amount of hair anyway. The end product is I still have curls although it midly relaxed them. I didn't get any reactions and for a few weeks my extremely dry hair was in great condition. The company told me to try it again and if it didn't work with the new instructions they sent me they would refund me, I try'd it again following the instructions as best I could and it still didn't work. I informed them and guess what no reply, no refund. It was sold by a company called escova progress. I must add that I have a very stubburn curl in my hair.colette3 months ago I am a hairstylist and work in a very busy salon with about 12 hairstylists.  A few of us are having the same symptoms from the formaldahyde. Soare throat, blood shot eyes, cough and headache. After reading hairstalent.com's comment at the top of this section, I have decided to never subject myself or my clients to this very toxic chemical ever again.  Yes, it is true that formaldahyde is everywhere and can't be avoided, but the effects people are having (primarily hair  stylists)proves that the levels in these straighteners are unsafe. I will not be responsible for a child to be exposed to formaldahyde that is on the pillowcase they sleep on in their mothers bed!  The rep for the brand we use said she did the treatment her whole pregnancy and her baby is fine-but what person in their right mind would take that risk! It hasn't been around long enough for long -term effects to be proven.  Some effects of smoking cigarettes while pregnant don't surface until the child is a toddler.  Wow, what is this world coming to when Vanity is causing insanity! The sad part of this is that I have about 8 hairstylists to convince that our lungs and brains are worth more than the couple hundred dollars they are making on this service.  For the selfish comments out there by clients who LOVE their hair and say "ViVa La keratin", think about inhaling this on a daily basis and then tell me how wonderful you think it is.  It is this kind of selfish vanity that is going to harm the hairstylists who continue this service to make our clients happy. Instead of spending hundreds of dollars on this horrifying procedure- how about spend the money on a weekly Blowout service. That's a harmless treat that you can share your pillow with!  If there is any hairstylist out there who have some advice for me as I tackle this issue with my salon, I would appreciate your comments.addesso3 months ago i have been in the beauty industry for over 15 years. ever since I have used this product i am loosing my hair right from the root. STAY AWAY FROM THIS UNLESS YOU WANT TO GO BALD!!!!!!!!!!!!!jeff cardarella2 months ago A Chemical Source Capture System will remove formaldehyde vapors from the stylist's and client's breathing zone. The One That Works salon air purifier will cleanse the salon air and work station. Special filters designed to remove formaldehyde vapors from the building's HVAC are also available. These are the control measures and components of a 3 Zone Ventilation approach to ensuring fresh air in salons providing hair smoothing services.luca2 months ago Some products contain aldehyde which is much safer. almost all perfumes and colognes EVEN ESSENTIAL OILS contain aldehyde. Oh OH ,But it sounds like its big bad brother you know the "f" word. Listen people some types of alcohol will make you go blind, but as we know some won't. Another example is the use of  mea monoethanolamine in hair colour rather then ammonia its in all of the( non henna ) health store brands, promise ! Guess what its derived from ammonia!  If your pregnant you should do everything in moderation and some things not at all, and as many things like hair colour, drinking, smoking, and hot air balloon rides keratin treatments are not recommended. Everyone else if you are that worried don't do it, but its safe and im sure walking down a city street breathing in all the exhaust is far worse. hope this was enlightening. Lucakitkat2 months ago Just purchased and used the Keratin Express on myself. After purchasing, I did a little reading up on the product, saw comments about symptoms people had in response to this treatment, and decided it was a lot of hype. Upon application of this product my eyes, nose and throat began to burn. I dried the product onto my hair, turned on a fan and proceded to flat iron the product in. The smoke was so acrid that my eyes watered like crazy and I found myself holding my breath with each pass of the iron. And the chocolate smell has morphed into what my daughter refers to as "old lady's house smell". The texture of and swing to my hair is gorgeous, however is not worth it. I am returning the other bottle I'd purchased. To me this stuff is a little scary.Sarah2 months ago Years ago in med school anatomy lab we worked with cadavers soaked in Formaldehyde. We did not have masks. As a result of those 12 weeks, I am very sensitive to the smell of Formaldehyde. I got the BHS last year and could not smell it in my hair after washing it...only in the salon when they were applying it.Robert Ray2 months ago I am extremely sensitive to any Brazilian method Keratin treatment product.  As soon as the hair with the product in it is heated with a blower, I begin sneezing.  Within three days, I am infected.  Within another day or two, I have bronchitis, and the last time, I spent ten days in a hospital bed.  A doctor came in and told me that to work around heated formaldehyde is insanity, sure to cause genetic changes and result in some time as a cancer.  This type of thing has happened to me four times, and this last seige is happening right now.  I walked by a room in our salon on Saturday.  The room was constructed with exhaust fans that blow into the attic.  The doors were open, and the room was a TOTAL FOG of formaldehyde.  Before I even realized what it was, I had breathed and got lungs full of it.  I'm done.Called my boss this morning, and said that this is the LAST TIME I will endure this.  If it ends up in bronchitis again, my doctor will put me on permanent disability through my social security.  I will NOT go through it again.Two and a half years ago, I contacted the FDA repeatedly about this, telling them that it was outlawed in Brazil, and still legal here.  Hey wait, do I live and work in a favella?????  Oops, last time I checked, I was in Boca Raton, and that is a pogrom, but not a favella.  The FDA offered NO interest, even though I presented them with sound and solid science that they already accept.  It made a sound and solid argument for removing this type of product and service as a public health hazard.  Would they do it?  Not on your life.  Bush was still president, and it was his policy to screw the little people and stand with business.This country does not give a rats ass about you or your health.  So, I hope to be able to enjoin my social security and let the people pay my keep from here on in.  Five years of this plague is enough, and I am damn mad and not willing to endure it any more.Jaibee8 weeks ago This treatment has ruined my beautiful thick hair. It is breaking off at every level. Broken hairs stick out all over. It feels like straw and looks like it.  I use all the best products and spend so much money only to have the worst result.  You will be crazy to do this. I warn you - don't do it. I nearly went crazy from the fumes. My eyes were stinging. I felt like I wanted to bolt away during the treatment.  Deep conditioning does nothing.  I will have to grow my hair out allover again before it is normal.  On my brunette hair there are all these white ends and my hair is breaking off at these points.Saramac8 weeks ago Don' do this treatment- you will regret how much it ruins you hair- salon recommends highly as it is a big money maker- your hair will not be shiny- it gets gummy, tangles- becomes dry and flat and looks like straw- it will no longer hold shape and will break off very badly- you will nor look pretty any moreMisty G8 weeks ago This topic is certainly hot in the press right now especially with the lawsuit case in California now.A great article though at least explaining how best to protect yourself during the brazilian hair straightening process. ThanksPatti NP7 weeks ago Just had the Brazilian treatment and think it looks great but would never do it again. Had heard nothing of the toxic nature until I got to the salon and my hairdresser told me it was non toxic, but the Brazilian blowout had high levels of formaldehyde. I had burning eyes and have irritation of my throat during treatment and after for the past 2+ days.  There is a difference between people coming into contact with something in small quantities and breathing the vapors and smoke of a toxic substance in while it is heated. I told my hairdresser the next day that she was crazy to continue to do several treatments a week and the long term effects could be cancer.  And the people who are so laid back about getting cancer have got to be under 30 otherwise you would understand the risk is real and dreadful! Yes there is a lot of panic about a lot of things but vanity is not a great reason to subject yourself to this risk. I am sure they will figure out a safer way over time to use keratin to get similar results in time.george Patricio7 weeks ago Hi Girls,Brazilian Blowout got a bad publicity now...More formaldehyde, stronger results ( no doubt ) ...I am a brazilian hairdresser, and in Brazil we have a very restrict formaldehyde regulations, ( It's hard to do Business in Brazil) But in the United states, MONEY, takes way regulations, and rightness I am an independent hairdresser becoming a hairbrush designer, I love the results of this treatment, and it's here to stay.We are competing with American companies, and ( People had to change to sulfate free shampoos, which it's a good thing)As a Brazilian I think we are doing a very good thing!Please check my web site and Facebook link page ...Brazilian keratin its safe ,"When done professionally," and will give you the baby shine , silky hair , easy to blow-dry. Will stay for 3 months/plus.www.braziliankeratinnyc.com / Brazilianblowoutnyc.comThank you very much!Stylish yoursAlansunshinegirl246 weeks ago HiI live in the UK and have had a treatment every 3 months for the last couple of years.  My stylists have recently changed to another product as the old one apparently contained formaldehyde.  The new one is said to be kerotine only and is left on for half an hour prior to being blow dried, and apparently originates from Israel. Does anyone know if this is correct that it does not contain formaldehyde?Also, I have been suffering from a tightness in the lower part of my throat and chest and heart palpatations, over a number of months, and am now wondering if it could be connected to the treatment.  Any ideas?n4 weeks ago I am a stylist who works in a salon that uses the brazilian blow out and they are certifief since being exposed i have had nose bleeds and asthma bronchitis and continual health problems. im not a smoker and have never had asthma or bronchitis before being exposed to this productFlavia3 weeks ago I had it done last September, and I really don't needed it as my hair is beautiful when I blow dry it, but if I don't, my hair gets freeze from the scalp to the ears for about 4 hrs. With full time school and a job I needed something I could just wash and go... Wow!!! My hair is much shinier and feels healthier... NOW I don't need use flat iron and rarely blow dry it! It has an incredible bounce. If I blow dry it until gets dry, witch takes half of the time now, it looks very straight as if it was flat ironed and still bouncy...(I never had bouncy hair)  I heard that are many types of Brazilian treatments. I know mine had formaldehyde, because I had to put a wet cloth on my face and my hair dresser had a gaggles and gloves... I could not wash for 3 days, but I did after the second... I usually wash everyday, for me it stunk for about a week.. My hobby swears he didn't smelled a bad scent..he said it  smelled as if I used the salon shampoo... The secret for a healthier after the treatment is, DO NOT any product with sodium on it... I use organic "sodium free" I got at whole food... there's many brands... The less chemical the better... but SODIUM is the worst... also do not overdo it... wait at least 4 -5 months before repeating it... My hair dresser told me to wait at lest a month before coloring and highlighting... conditioning, conditioning, conditioning... And you will have an hair to turn necks!!!!bje2 weeks ago I do it myself at home with the RE5 which they claim is formaldehyde free. It does smell quite strong and will make your eyes wince when it comes near, but really, what hair product out there doesn't? Those crappy new natural things that barely last one wash?It says on the bottle to leave unwashed for 72 hours, which is pretty BS to me, so I just leave it a day and wash.Maintain with there sodium free shampoo and conditioner, and it's fantastic. Lasts about 6 weeks - 2.5 months, but nowhere even near the 4 months they claim. Still, I'm a happy camper.Nsin122512 days ago I had the Japanese process done back when it first became popular and forums about the process were not up to warn me in 2002. I had very thick hair and now my hair is 1/2 what it was. My hair is still falling out in clumps after 8yrs. Thank goodness I had really thick hair or I would be completely bald. PLEASE DO NOT DO THIS PROCESSDoes anyone know how to fix this problem? I've gone to so many doctors and they keep telling me it's part if aging. Meanwhile no one in my family; not even my dad, is losing hair. I know it's from this process because my hair was falling out right after this process which I only had done 2x.PLEASE HELPJessy10 days ago I love  the bkt  myhair  is beautiful and shiny i have  done ten days agoCat6 days ago I'm definitely going to stay away from this treatment (and my stylist). My hairdresser used to tell me that I didn't need the treatment (before she knew how to do it). Now, she keeps pressuring me about how I really need it. When I had an appointment for color, she claimed it was best do do the straightening at the same time. When I told her I had a time constraint and couldn't have it done that day,she said that she'll schedule the appointment for a few days later because it isn't good to have hair collared and straightened at the same time! I'm not having the treatment done, but I'm wondering what is the protocol about straightening in conjunction with color?Elena5 days ago I work in a histology lab that processes human tissue samples with formalin and I won't confuse the smell of formaldehyde with anything else. 2% is A LIE - it has at least 10% of formaldehyde in my opinion (the same concentration that is used for embalming bodies). I had my keratin treatment done today (unfortunately without any prior information about the product itself as none of the hairdressers in this reputable salon are knowledgable about the product at all). The treatment is very irritating to eyes, airways and scalp. It has the same side effects and smell as formaldehyde. The toxic fumes concentration is such that it could have imposed severe fines and/or loss of accreditation for any medical laboratory that were using such concentrations without proper ventilation, respiratory protection and warning signs. Yet, the hair salons use none for their clients or hairdressers during this treatment. In fact, they don't even tell you about the smell until after they start the treatment. A client with severe asthma would have been dead on the spot from such a treatment! On the internet some people complain about extreme hair loss following the treatment. I haven't experienced it yet but it is too early to tell. This product should be banned!!! Please don't use it!Maria4 days ago I had this done at a Brazilian salon in South Florida about two months ago.  I don't know the type of product that they used (but intend to call and ask).  They used giant fans but no one wore masks and there was zero odor.  I have never experienced an odor.  My hair was fine a curly and a bit frizzy, and it has been shiny and soft all along, I am thrilled that I can wear bangs now.  I even went snorkeling a month ago and my hair stayed looking great.  It sealed in my color too, and I had a gloss done on top of the keratin and it looks fresh.  It is slowly starting to become a little more wavy, and has felt straw like after shampooing but that went away immediately with conditioner.  I wash my hair every  three days and blow it slightly.Iafter reading these posts I thinkSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites91Sangay Glass148 Followers30 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by Sangay GlassContact Sangay GlassFollow Sangay GlassSubscribe to Sangay Glass's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Sangay Glass a question based on this Hub.Related Questionshairfall doe to relaxingasked by saliha 12 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionIf I get a brazilian blowout 6 weeks after I had a keratin treatment, will my hair fall out?asked by melisbooger23 2 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsTop Reasons You Should Have a Brazilian Keratin Hair...by wavegirl22Rebonding Hair: How to Get  Straight, Silky and Manageable...by anglnwuWhat is The Brazilian Blowout? The Next Big Hair...by Cheryl ChongHow to Control Curly, Frizzy Hairby becauseilive12 Week Blow Dry: For Frizzy Hairby earnerTen Top 10 Flat Irons 2010by wavegirl22 Hairstyles, Cool Cuts, How to Style Your Hair ForumTopicRepliesshampooposted by sara lynn6please answer my postposted by unkn0wN35Braided Hairstyleposted by FashionFame8Post a new topic19 more topics Tagshealth beauty hair curly hair hair straightening frizzy hair Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.275 sec)  working