Democracy Denied: A Civilization Becomes Great By Its Care Of Its Weakest  DenizensHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceHumanitiesHistory of HumanitiesDemocracy Denied: A Civilization Becomes Great By Its Care Of Its Weakest  DenizensDemocracy Denied: A Civilization Becomes Great By Its Care Of Its Weakest  Denizens79rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy ixwaSee all 8 photosObama talking about change and the projecting change in the United StatesThere are people who feel that they have lost the Democracy. How one loses their democratic right to have a democracy in America, remains a perplexing issue.The United State is a nation in an intense dialogue with itself and the worldRecession has hit every very hard in the United states and the world. This has an effect of heightening social antagonismsOur economy is the eye of the storm that characterizes us a a civilization in fluxObama talks and shakes hands of the Health Care workersObama has has passed the health Care Reform and made it into LawBarack Obama's green team will focus on job creation, environmental protection and climate change, and his cabinet includes Nobel Prize-winning physicist Steven ChuHow Change ChangesAfter the vote for the President of the United States, things began to look different. He signed some Bills through ad pushed hard for the Stimulus Package, which got a raucous Start. Only three Republicans voted for the Stim, and the rest offered 'Nays". The Democratic process through the voting citizenry gave Obama the nod, and the Electoral College Approved. Obama, the Commander in Chief assumed his duties with the majority of the people, in the voting booth acquiescing to his call for Change. The Republican Party set the tone by opposing  the Stim, the denial, the rest has been nothing but denial, opposition, criticism, labeling, threatening, and wishing that Obama fails,  his health care is going to kill the elderly, fear mongering, disrupting some democratic Senators Town Hall meetings, denying other participants their right to ask about the Health Care Bill, interrupting Senators whenever they tried to answer question, Booing down any answers given to the 'angry' Town Hall participants in agitated melee.The economy was tanking and the Infrastructure on the roads was crumbling and falling into serious disrepair; the schools were crumbling and failing; Wall Street Stocks were plunging; Banks and other Financial institutions were going bankrupt and shutting down; millions of mortgages were in default and people were losing their houses, their jobs; some losing their Healthcare and others facing rising Health care expenses; the automobile industry in serious bankruptcy; food prices rising(people nowadays resorting to eating 'poor' food); food lines increasing all over the country; millions of people homeless; some are facing the prospect of coming to the end of receipt of their unemployment checks; production and job creation were zero- except for the existing companies; the age of plenty was nigh and ending, and now we have to pick up the crumbs to rebuild the United States. It is in carrying out this prospect of re-building that we are seeing some varied responses and behaviors. Trying to reinstate the old order controlled by the status quo is proving to be formidable.The Way of Civilization Civilizations are measured by the way they handle their most vulnerable denizens. History teaches us how those civilization came, the heights they peaked to and the causes of their demise. Each has its own pitfalls, and all end up in chaos. These civilizations become our hindsight in attempting to reset our wobbling society. Denying that things have changed and we need to change them for the better is repeating the errors and those mistakes we have learned from the historical past. If we have learned anything, we  now know that their denizens living conditions plummeted; the army of these civilization weakened and were crushed by their rivals; the leadership was corrupt, decadent and self-serving. Assassinations, backstabbing, lawlessness and governmental dysfunction the rule and law. Maybe our civilization will not be attacked by the hordes from somewhere, but we seem to be imploding. The core of our civilization, the economy, production, employment, banks, Wall Street, housing, education, savings, health, infrastructure, crime, racism, drugs, war, has all collapsed and affected the rest, leaving us weak, and disorientated. We are out of wack because we have never seen such collapse since the 1930s, its been told. The inner-belly of the civilization has been eroded and decimated. Something new has to be invented, a new society has to raise form the ambers of yesteryear debacle.The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are some of the issues that need to be wrapped-up. They are a no win situation. The Bazillions that go into the Military Industrial Complex are unconscionable. War is not the only way to save the United states economy. General Eisenhower said: "This conjunction of an immense Military Establishment and a large arms industry is new in the American experience. The total influence-economic, political, even spiritual- is felt in every city, every statehouse, every office of the federal Government. We recognize the imperative need for this development, yet, we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications. Our toil, resources, and livelihood are all involved; so is the very structure of our society. In the councils of government we must guard against the acquisitions of unwarranted influence whether sought or unsought by the Military Industrial Complex".  We need to at least have a better and much more fuller understanding of the machinations of war and our present state of the economy.Vitriolic and Divided SpeechThere's a deeply felt apprehension about the resurgence of racial violence and the rise in the incidence of of verbal and symbolic assault and harassment to which blacks and other traditionally subjugated and excluded groups are subjected. In these times, the problem is that liberty of free speech is in conflict with the elimination of racism. This has placed the bigots on the moral high ground and has fanned the rising flames of racism. The real victims have been shown little understanding of their injuries, and we have abandoned those whose race, gender and sexual preference continues to make them second-class citizens. By understanding that it is necessary to  to eliminate the system of signs and symbols signaling the inferiority of blacks, the we must stop proclaiming that all racist speech stopping short of racist  violence must be defended. Racist speech is an assault and serves as a preemptive strike. The invective is experienced as a blow, not as a proffered idea, and once the blow is struck. Racist posters. flyers  and graffiti injure the victim who realize that even if they fight, they are bound to lose. There's no meaningful dialogue on how to reconcile our commitment to equality and free speech until there's an acknowledgement that real harm is inflicted and this harm is far from trivial. Whenever we tolerate racist speech, for the importance of maintaining social tolerance, we are asking the subordinated minorities to bear the burden for the good of all. Disapproving of a particular form of communication is not enough  to justify prohibiting it. We are faced with conflict between our commitment to free speech and our desire to foster a community founded on mutual respect.Racism is the achilles heel of this budding democracy. The economy of the United states was founded on the labor of African slave. This led to the dehumanization of Africans from Africa. They were regarded as 3/5 of a man, and had no right to anything- chattel slavery. The Dread Scot decision is part of the racism that has permeated the core of American society and its enslaving codes. As a democracy I repeat, a civilization like ours, as all others have been, is judged on how it treats its most vulnerable citizens.  These were not only made slaves, but were segregated against based on their skin, national origin and the whole bit. Other nationalities have suffered to some form of segregation, but the slaves have endured the brunt of being former slaves, africans and deserving of no respect from their enslavers and are constantly reminded of it in many other undisguised way in latter-day America. This kind of treatment of the poor and the down-trodden has never bidden well for any civilization in the history of mankind. Most times the racist attitudes blame immigrants by stating that America is being 'overrun by immigrants', 'Immigrants take jobs from U.S. citizens; 'Immigrants are draining on society's resources'; 'Aliens refuse to assimilate, and are depriving us of our cultural and political unity'; and that, 'Noncitizen immigrants are not entitled to Constitutional Rights. The objects of prejudice are of course no longer Irish Catholics and Germans; 140 years later, "they" have become "us." The new "they" - because it seems "we" must always have a "they" - are Latin Americans, most recently Mexicans, Haitians, Cubans and Arab Americans, among others. This is the weaknesses that causes a civilization to slide down the slippery slope and a civilization in state of constant flux and change.The Change We Hope ForIt is interesting to note that the protests against Obama are loosing their traction and we are now only left with threats of what is going to happen in the vote for 2010. What is amazing is a few overlooked facts. What the presidential elections of 2008 has shown is that a majority of all non-whites voted for Obama. This means that a combination of all the people who are non-Europeans voted in a block to elect Obama. They really showed that they are the majority and installed Obama as President. One other thing is that, you rarely see these voter, people of a darker hue, demonstrating against a president they chose. It is also a fact that the Browning of America is afoot. Politics as usual is no more the case. It might be true that when the 2010 elections come around, we are going to see the Republicans take power of the house and prepare for 2012 to topple Obama. That may be true, but it still has be seen to work. In the past, what is being predicted would come through, but today, as the election of Obama showed, the people who are not of Europeans descent, in greater numbers, chose Obama because they had strength in numbers, and they still might have something to say about it. Looking at the voting map, one can see that that the numbers of the whites only voting and controlling power has lost its voting power, and is now more situated into the south. Hispanics are now becoming the majority in terms of white in the United States. Congress has even decided to name them "the emerging majority" in terms of population growth in the US. The change in population demographics will decide the direction the vote will take, given the virulent racist tactics that have been shown by the fear-mongers, tea party baggers and people, birthers, deathers and gun totting militias.America may have a majority of whites as a population, but not the majority of whites are racists. The election of Obama has started a maelstrom of gun-totting militia, rabidly racist signs and cartoon, everything he does, Obama, challenged, criticized, damned, jeered at, up to the point where they call him a Hitler, Socialist, African Witch-doctor with bones protruding through his nose, and feathers on his knees and so forth; that he is an Arab and is taking America down into the gutter, criticized for getting and receiving a Noble Peace Price; accused of putting America in Danger, mostly by Dick Cheyney and his daughter. They still show him as a bad  and weak president, and it is very strange that that they lump their followers as "The American People", who are mostly white, and as observed above, not many people of other races. So, it makes one wonder is America inhabited by White people only? Does that mean if other races are not demonstrating against Obama, they do not exist? If my memory served me well, there has never been anyone who could muster or had attracted a multicultural crowd as had Obama when he ran for President. It is my opinion that the multi-colored audience is still there and will be seen again when it matters during the second round of voting in 2012. The throngs that flocked to Obama's rallies in 2008 were Americans, although he is being vilified, that does not dampen the spirits of those who voted him into power. I know that when time comes for voting for president, the same, if not more than those of 2008, will show-up and re-install Obama as president. So far as they are concerned, he is doing well and they will be willing to give him the second term, which is what the Republicans are fighting against. The Presidency of Barack Obama is unique because he is the first African American President to sit in the White house of a civilization in peril. He is not having it easy. He goes overseas to refurbish America's tarnished Imperial and fledgeling image and stance. We here in the United States are only too eager to show and tell the world that are Commander in Chief is Hitler, a Socialist, a racist, an alien, not born in the USA, that we do not like him, trust him, neither respect him, to the extent that we carry loaded guns to his Town Hall, and carry placards written , in small letters, 'death to obama'. These are the people of a once proud, strong, confident and industrious people making a civilization that was the envy of the world, who appear belligerent, and some racist, showing aggression and mean spirit. We live on Earth with other earthlings, respect of others and acting like we are part of the human will only increase our leadership and status of a civilized people world-wide.Part Of Black PerspectivesIn the preface to his nonfiction work "Brothers and Keepers"  writes:The value of Black life in America is judged, as life generally in this country is judged, by external, material signs of success. Urban ghettoes are dangerous,broken-down, economically marginal pockets of real estate infected with drugs, poverty, violence,crime, and since black life is seen as rooted in the ghetto, black people are identified with the ugliness, danger, and deterioration surrounding them. This logic is simpleminded and devastating, its hold on the American imagination as old as slavery; in fact, it recycles the classic justification for slavery, blaming the cause and consequence of oppression on the oppressed. Instead of launching a preemptive strike at the flawed assumptions that perpetuate racist thinking, Blacks and Whites are doomed to battle endlessly with the symptoms of racism." Paulo Freire adds an interesting perspective to this discourse: "The truth is, however, that the oppressed are not "marginals," are not men living "outside" society. They have always been "inside" - inside the structure which made them "beings for others." The solution is not to "integrate" them into the structure of oppression, but to transform that structure so that they can become "beings for themselves". Such transformation, of course, would undermine the oppressors' purpose." Every great society is successful if in its development it gives solid support to all those that are unfortunate and depressed. The weakest linkage for any society or civilization is its inability to incorporate the lower ranks of its citizens and the destitute to a more better higher material and moral level, because these in turn always come back and cripple any civilization: the weak, the poor, sick, hungry and cold suffering masses.PASS! IDENTITY! The Coming Apartheid Draconian Laws in the USNowadays, the real-politik in the US is that against the Mexicans and other minorities as witnessed in the New Arizona newly passed. This is the same laws that have been utilized and applied during South Africa's Apartheid Era. But, this is not new, these are the Black Codes in action. America had the Black Codes in Akansas, Florida, Georgia,Mississippi. North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia just to name a few states. The Black Codes in the United State were any numerous laws enacted in the states of the Former Confederacy After the American Civil War, in 1865 and 1866.; the laws were designed to replace the social cotrols of slavery that had been removed by emancipation Proclamation and thr Thriteenth Amendment to the Constitution, and were thus intended to assure continuance of White Supremacy.All the slave Black Codes, however, had certain provisions in common, and had their roots in slave codes. In all of them the color line was firmly drawn, and any amount of Negro blood established the race of a person, whether slave or free, as Negro. The status of the offspring followed that of the mother, so that the child or a free father and a slave mother was a slave. Slaves had few legal rights: in court their testimony was inadmissible in any litigation involving whites; they could make no contract, nor could they own property; even if attacked, they could not strike a white person. There were numerous restrictions to enforce social control; slaves could not be away from their owner's premises without permission(PASS!) They could not strike a white person. There were numerous restrictions to enforce social control. There were vagrancy laws that declared that blacks were vagrant if unemployed and without permanent residence; a person so defined could be arrested, fined, and bound out for a term of labor if unable to pay the fine. some states limited property that could be owned by blacks. former slaves were forbidden to carry firearms or to testify in court, except in cases concerning other blacks. Blacks could intermarry, but were prohibited and were not permitted to marry interracially.The point in discussing the black Codes leading up to Jim Crow is to show that the present laws being passed in Arizona on Immigration, Limiting or erasing Ethnic Studies, and what next is a cause for concern. From the Tea Baggers/Partiers to legislatures in attacking Paulo Freire's "Pedagogy of the Oppressed", shows an inclination on the part of many Americans to legitimize their destruction of African Studies and other ethnic studies, thus revisiting the fights of the 1970 for African studies and other ethnic groupings studies which succeeded, and a greater need to reverse all that is in the offing. We are really seeing the return to the Black Codes. We are seeing today's America suppressing it's weakest citizens to appease a few white supremacists. This is not a civilizing effort on the part of the Us, but a return to oppression, slavery and unjust laws. This is further from Civilization by any stretch of the imagination...Since Obama took over the presidency of the United States, empathy and the spirit of growth has the notion of a brave nation has seen the death of empathy and and reason. With the economy not rising up from its death throes, we see the rise of specter of racism coupled  up with vitriolic attacks on the president and the poor people of color. Intolerance has become the norm, and attacks are piling up, that as we are heading towards mid-term elections, some are stressing that there needs to be  reversal of the gains promulgated by Obama, and a restoration of archaic social relations which characterized pre-1930s America. Immigration has become an issue, and some states have or are in the process of passing anti-immigrant laws, and they are also beginning to fill the prisons which are empty. The prison industrial complex is rubbing its money making palms with glee at the prospect of filling their pockets and jails with the anticipated flow of arrested immigrants.On HubPages, I posted a question: "Why is President Obama so much criticized and yet he won in a landslide?", and I received a lot of revealing answers. One of the respondents, @mulberry1 responded as follows: "I think part of the answer is that he is middle of the road on many issues (although those who ardently support or oppose a given issue would disagree vehemently!). When you go down the middle, you don't really please anyone. It seems if you are a liberal, you please that crowd. If you are ultra-conservative, you please that crowd. If you aren't to extreme either way, no one is pleased. No one really believes in compromise.In giving up one thing to get another thing, it's our way or no way! The population seems very polarized and very ready to see an "us" vs "them" in every situation. Hatred and extreme emotions seem to be rampant. It's not uncommon to be told you should leave the country if you don't agree with a particular point of view. (I truly hope these individuals don't conduct their personal relationships this way!). This whole behavior to me is reminiscent of some of the extremism we supposedly oppose. As one commenter suggested, 'it would not be surprising to see someone try to take Obama's life. Sorry, that not a political group I care to belong to ... and I don't appreciate their dramatization which stirs this. There are real issues, and concerns, but this dramatization is clearly irresponsible in my eyes. It makes me doubt the oppositions ability to read or to even make rational decisions. some see Obama as a socialist, yet the socialist party totally rejects him. Very telling. There aren't many moderate who are vocal. I am one of them I believe. I don't feel he has cause this, it has been there and growing. Personally, although, I certainly don't agree with everything the current administration has done ... I am relatively pleased."CNN and BET Cable television station were covering Katrina, five years later and has happened to the inhabitants who were deluged with Hurricane storm waters. Relieving the Katrina catastrophe through the Cable networks, brought back the pictures of the poor and Black people people who survived the ordeal. There was a reminder of the poor of the the American nation, who had to go through the harrowing experiences of ot being helped immediately, some who lost their homes forever, others trekked to the neighboring states in search of help, others were to never ever come back, and those who received government help were, in most cases cheated out of their monies, and the is an appalling lack of health care. some psychiatric patients have had to go to prisons for treatment; others have not received their medicines since the deluge; others have lost their government benefits; others are suffering and living in those dilapidated, storm destroyed homes with no hope coming to them after five years. There are independent clinics which have been caring for the destitute, and they too, the clinics, are running out of funding and are wondering which source to tap for funds. There are also many people who have been arrested for begging and other minor charges which landed them in jail; there is also an army of the homeless, inasmuch as there are those who have received some paltry help, but the power and the picture that have re-appeared in the media, are still a remainder of the way people have suffered and are still suffering from lack of help, empathy, and joblessness which has been exacerbated by the current recession that has hit the American landscape..Recently the citizens of New Orleans have been focused on the BP oil spill which has threatened their environment and their livelihood. To date, BP has claimed to have taken care of the ooze and have proclaimed the fact that the oil has stopped and disappeared. Some scientist and locals are disputing this claim because they think that oil might have sunk because of the spraying, but is in depths where it is killing marine life and environment. The handling of the oil-spill by BP and its treatment of the concerns of the locals on the different states in the Gulf areas, has left little to be desired. There is a very insensitive treatment of the poor who have no big power-house lawyers to represent their interest. The treatment of the weak in the country that is number one in the world has got many people around the world how can people in such a rich country, like in the case of New Orleans, be subjected to such abject poverty and careless treatment by their government and its organs.We need to begin to offer some solution to his mayhem. Things are beginning to look up. The market is rising, houses are being bought, some few jobs are being created and saved. The situation does not look like it did at the end of the Bush Government and the beginning  of the Obama Presidency. A working nation is a vibrant nation. A healthy nation can develop and heal it's fissures. A more tolerant nation becomes a civilization worth emulating replicated throughout the globe, without need for war, coercion and corruption. Racism has to come to a close in the US, and we should all realize that we are a nation of immigrants, we can do better if we develop our social skills in cobbling and hammering this diverse of civilizations of the nations of the Earth.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful CommentsThings Considered16 months ago Good thoughts.ixwa16 months ago Thank you, Things Considered, and I hope to keep on doing more of the Public Good.fiona_3310 months ago Interesting hub, thanks. My own view is that we expected Obama to somehow change everything overnight, and that's just not possible. But if we give him eight years in office, he will make the great changes he promised.ixwa10 months ago fiona_33: Welcome to the Hub above , and I am happy you came and read the piece. It is true that change cannot come overnight, but there are things that have changed and more still remain the same. What you have said about Obama getting eight years of rule is fresh and rare.  There is much good he has done, and many people are unhappy with him and his new policies and there are those who are not against him as a president and an agent of change. These have hardly gelled and we have already heard how he should not be reelected in some quarters, and the jury is still out on that issue. That will be depended on the view people will have about him after 3 or less years he has to go, i.e., they will have had many learning moments from his actions and policies, and will be voting against or for his record. It's encouraging to hear you say that we need to give him eight more years to be able to see the changes he would have wrought. As a nation, we need more compassion in caring for our  downtrodden citizens, and this will empower us and will give us  more respect globally; it is also only fair to give him and his policies a fair chance to see if whether these work or not. Voting in 2012 will decide that. Thank you again.couturepopcafe3 months ago I just came across this hub, a little late I guess.  I'm not sure where you stand on any of it.  I guess you are for the downtrodden (Mexican?)  Inner cities have historically been the hub for immigrants in this nation, whether Irish, Italian, Jew, Mexican or otherwise.  The difference today is that the New Majority is mostly illegal.  I know there are a million legals but there are eight million (by some counts) illegals.  I've been to the New Mexico and Arizona borders.  They are littered like a war zone with human waste, food, excrement, clothes, and animal carcasses.  Why should any state put up with this in the name of the tired and the poor?  The downtrodden can be as graceful and respectful as the rest of us.  I'm a bleeding heart myself but I know the difference between a person down on their luck asking for a temporary handout and a shrewd low life looking for a lifetime pass.ixwa3 months ago couterepopcafe. Hello  Welcome to the hub and I appreciate your response above. It is great to see that you do not consider yourself a "low-life" person", and , I note that you do not , correctly so, regard yourself as a 'down-trodden person". The article above is about how a civilization gets its props as being compassionate and open to all who seek a better life in countries like the US, and one can point out to that reality. I do not think that the government should be in the business of 'putting up with with this in the name of the tired and the poor'. At this time and age, this sounds like what a lot of people , in the States, consider to be what they want. I do not know if that is wrong or right.My Hub is questioning the notion of a civilized nation not taking care of its desolate and forlorn public, as whether it has been a great an civilized country by the way it attacks or helps the denizens within its borders. Or maybe we have not yet experienced one such civilization in our life time, so it really becomes hard to wrap our brains as to what "A civilized civilization" does, or is like. But if our measure of development and our being a greatly sophisticated and well-developed people has to be grasped and understood, then we need more than not caring less about the misery of others in our midst, and also being callous about it; we cannot pretend from lofty heights that we are not affected, when in effect we are in the world and with the world. We all are affected by all the human misery within our borders, no matter what country one is in, more especially America. You seem to have a good grasp as to why people are asking for a handout, or run out of luck. Good for you because that remains your experience and perspective The article about is trying to explore how a great country like this one has to ignore and mistreat other humans as less human, on the one hand; and on the other hand projected and present itself as the greatest civilization there ever was; and does this make this civilization any better, or advanced, because it does not care about the destitute; or, what? These and other questions will be covered in a more expanded form in the article above in the coming weeks. Anyway, thank you for your input, and I will work on much harder to explore come issues which I think need to inserted into the hub, to make it more coherent as the issues it is raising are contemporary talking points and real-politik playing itself out right before our eyes. Thank youcouturepopcafe3 months ago Thanks for a bit more clarification.  I'm still a little confused though.  I know our 'government' has all kinds of programs to help those in need.  What group do they ignore and mistreat specifically?  I'm just trying to gain a perspective but if you'd rather wait for a future blog you don't need to go into too much detail.  Thanks.ixwa3 months ago I think you have mentioned a few in your first response, whether you meant it historically or contemporarily, namely, the Mexicans, Jews, Irish, Italians, (Africans, Chinese and other Asiatics(both here and abroad, and so forth). By the way, those programs, mostly are for citizens and few for the illegals, if any. I think you have the perspective, and it all depends on what you have to add to your present perspective about the history of race relations, and I do not think this article is much directly about that. An interesting book to read would be "Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee" which might give some tad historical perspective. Like I said, I will blog on that type of topic in the near future. Thank you for your response and good feed back.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites92ixwa72 Followers49 HubsJoined 16 months agoRead more hubs by ixwaContact ixwaFollow ixwaSubscribe to ixwa's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk ixwa a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsIs Beauty School a good alternative to the traditional 4-year college route?asked by subodhgupta1 18 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionIs President Obama on a winning streak right now?asked by ExpertCLB 2 weeks ago3 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThe United States Constitution - Preambleby Average AmericanEverything You Need to Know About Indian Motorcyclesby parkerk393A postcard tour of old Cape Townby tonymac04Georgia (The Fourth State)by nancy_30Rahmbo, Chief of Staffby PaulieWalnutsTop 10 Strategy PC Games of All Timeby saifhayel Humanities ForumTopicRepliesThe Universe and the Meaning of Lifeposted by A.Villarasa73What is Truth?posted by ArtKali38How many of these common misconceptions did you believe?posted by sunforged28Post a new topic13 more topics Tagsinternet technology religion politics sex america Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.823 sec)  working