Helen Thomas attacked for saying the obvious about Israel // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 08, 2010| 137 commentsHelen Thomas attacked for saying the obvious about Israelsource: http://www.rys2sense.com/anti-neocons/viewtopic.php?f=11&t=23877&p=151668An error occurred while setting up video display.maasanova added thisThe Anti-Defamation League and other Jewish organizations have defamed the elderly thought criminal,  Helen Thomas, as a 'vulgar anti-Semite'  and ordered  journalism schools, professional organizations to no longer recognize the former White House correspondent. I can call a president of the United States anything in the book but I cant touch Israel, which has Jewish-only roads in the West Bank, said Thomas. No Americans would tolerate that  white-only roads.groups:News, News and Politics, Politics tags:War,Israel,Hollywood,Terrorism,Genocide,Jews,Zionism,Rant,Anti-Semitism,Alternative Media,Israel-Palestine,Helen Thomas,ADL,Holocaust 10 more|137 comments// Helen Thomas attacked for saying the obvious about Israel // Videohide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+1musicjohnnyWell, Helen Thomas skews facts again...The roads shes referring to in the West Bank are Israeli, and theyre not just for Jews. Israeli Arabs can drive on them, and so can non-Jewish foreigners, including Arab and Muslim foreigners. Palestinians were once able to drive on them but have not been allowed to do so since the second intifada, when suicide bombers used them to penetrate Tel Aviv and Jerusalem in order to massacre people. I don't see why that's at all unreasonable. If you had people driving on certain roads with the intent of killing innocent civilians, would you still let those people drive on them? There are plenty of roads that they monitor and can check people coming in from Palestinian territory to make sure there are no bombs, but obviously they can't monitor every road, so the designate some roads to be used when entering from Palestinian territory and not others so that people blow each other up a little less. Unless you want people blowing each other up, how else could it be done? There are also, by the way, Palestinian roads in the West Bank that Israelis cant use. 21 days agoflag  reply0Mulers  musicjohnny:so every palastinian is a suicide bomber and can evrybody use these roads to enter palastine? 20 days agoflag  reply+2crystalmanDown with Islamofascism 1 month agoflag  reply0Mulers  crystalman:wha texactly is facist? 28 days agoflag  reply+2crystalmanLong live freedom 1 month agoflag  reply0Mulers  crystalman:i was thinking of doing somthing similar but i was gona do an israeli flag in black red and whit and 2 of the SA apartide swazis 28 days agoflag  reply0PrijedorWe need peace in the world, and it needs to start with israel and palestinian conflict, I hope they can come to some kinda common sense peace treaty, I am sure the average palestinian and israeli is sick of the conflict and living under fear of a conflict everyday. 1 month agoflag  reply0Mulers  Prijedor:nowadays people in power rarley speak for the common people more for the wealthy and in this case alot are arms producers so this might raise a problem 28 days agoflag  reply0galwaymanThe increase in Hate for all things Jewish in the media,and in everyday life is a major concern to me and should remind any intelligent person of what happened the last time this happened,six million dead! Throughout history The Jews have suffered so much without reason! How can anyone support Islam and preach hatred for a people that only want to live without fear of persecution? It is Islam that is evil and engages in horrific crimes against humanity! I just don't get it! 1 month agoflag  reply-1Prijedor  galwayman:INCASE YOU WERE NOT THOUGHT IN SCHOOL... HERE IT IS..."50million + people died in WW2 and Israel has successfully pushed American schools to only talk about the 6 million Jews. You ask a kid about WW2 today and only thing they know is that 6million Jews died, they know nothing about all the Christians that died, they know nothing about 10 million gypsies that died, they know nothing about millions and millions of Russians that died, they know nothing about the other 44 million none-Jews that died during WW2." 1 month agoflag  reply0Prijedor  galwayman:how can you get it when you dont even realize that its the people that are bad not religion, with out people religion would be nothing, just words in a book, its the people that do bad things 1 month agoflag  reply+1congoboy  Prijedor:so thats the fault of the jews? sounds like bad curriculum and good reason for more education cuts. we were taught about the other deaths when i was in school but ya know, war is hell! get over it 30 days agoflag  reply+1musicjohnny  Prijedor:I'm going to resist the urge to comment on the virtues of being "thought" instead of "taught" in school, but I digress. Here's the thing, I don't know how long ago you were in school, but when I was in school just a couple years ago we learned ALL about everyone who was persecuted and slaughtered during WW2. The Jews, the germans, the italians, the christians, the gypsies (who by the way there were approximately 600,000 killed, not 10 million), homosexuals, russians, and other groups. The reason that the Jews are brought up so much is because during the European theater (the part of the war that happened in Europe, rather than the later Pacific front) there was no one people group that was targeted as the Jews were. A central policy of Hitler's third reich agenda was  the extermination of Jews specifically. Yes, there were other groups targeted, but not to the extend that the Jewish population was. That's why they're brought up, it's not a conspiracy, it's just the facts and what's relevant to a complete study of the war. 21 days agoflag  reply0Mulers  musicjohnny:were the eastern europeans not targeted the most as part of lebens raum 20 days agoflag  reply+1maasanovahttp://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc4/hs1198.snc4/155088_113275805409200_1...Wanna live in Israel? Well, Israel will pay you if you're Jewish!Well actually it's probaly closer to a subsidy by the US taxpayer! 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:they will pay for some, but not all.mostly from russia 1 month agoflag  reply0Mulers  freecrack:if im a qualified docter will they pay me to come? 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  Mulers:not really.not to play a stereotype or nothing, but israel has no shortage of medical professionals.ya better be one special doctor. 1 month agoflag  reply0congoboy  maasanova:look like a couple of whining leftylib crackers to me 30 days agoflag  reply0Mulers  freecrack:how about a physicst? i can work out projectile trajecturies hhahahahha 28 days agoflag  reply+1crystalmanToo many slimeballs on here siding with evil 1 month agoflag  reply+1crystalmanummmm yummy...time for a snack 1 month agoflag  reply0congoboy  crystalman:happy hanukkah 30 days agoflag  reply0crystalman  congoboy:Thx. You too my friend. 30 days agoflag  reply+1crystalmanI'm beginning to wonder whether The US deserves the support anymore. 1 month agoflag  reply0maasanova  crystalman:http://undertheradarmedia.files.wordpress.com/2010/11/uss-liberty-400x100.jpgUSS Liberty attacked by the Israeli Air Force and Israeli NavyNever Forget!!! 1 month agoflag  reply+1freecrack  maasanova:so it is the jews who are milking this holocaust, but bringing up the uss liberty every opportunity is different some how?holocaust not appropriate material as it is history, but th uss liberty we must never forget.gotcha, makes perfect sense. 1 month agoflag  reply+1maasanova  freecrack:I don't know anyone who is making billions per year from milking the USS Liberty, so it seems like you are clutching at straws here freecrack.I only posted the USS Liberty photo in response to the crystalman's photo of an Israeli jet fighter and his threat that Israel should no longer support the US.crystalman posting that photo reads more a warning or some kind of thinly veiled threat.We can remember Jewish suffering of WW2, but let's also remember the Jewish suffering of WW2 its entire, historically accurate context, and not in the limited scope of WW2 propaganda as provided to us by the Jewish holocaust monitors. 1 month agoflag  reply0Prijedor  crystalman:The only reason Israel is behind anyone is because they benefit from it, nothing else, they can care less what happens to Americans, they are selfish, its like if you are not a Jew you are nothing and I think now its more and more if you arent a Zionist Jew, you are nothing 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  Prijedor:wich is why the dome of the rock is in prestine condition, and christians enjoy a free christian existance in israel.every country puts its personal interest above all other nations.your assessment is more nbased in racism than anything else, especialy considering half the country is non-zionist. 1 month agoflag  reply0congoboy  Prijedor:sounds like smart policy to me 30 days agoflag  reply0crystalman  Prijedor:deep yawn! 30 days agoflag  reply0Mulers  freecrack:if half the country is non-zionist does that mean that teh other half is zionist? 28 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Mulers:roughly, but it is getting to be less and less as the youth care not for zionism.just the settlers who are a tiny tiny minority 27 days agoflag  reply0Mulers  freecrack:another stupid generation scenario 26 days agoflag  reply+3crystalmanHow come you assholes aren't complaining about this. Your hypocrisy and double standards stink. 1 month agoflag  reply+3ForgetTheBoxDid you know which nation has been the most sympathetic to Israel over the  past few years?The answer will definitely surprise you...http://www.forgetthebox.net/mag/too-close-for-comfort-isreal-canadian-relations....Little hint: It's not the United States 1 month agoflag  reply+1crystalman  ForgetTheBox:God bless Canada 1 month agoflag  reply+1littlwarrior  ForgetTheBox:blame canada! 1 month agoflag  reply+6Prijedor50million + people died in WW2 and Israel has successfully pushed American schools to only talk about the 6 million Jews.  You ask a kid about WW2 today and only thing they know is that 6million Jews died, they know nothing about all the Christians that died, they know nothing about 10 million gypsies that died, they know nothing about millions and millions of Russians that died, they know nothing about the other 44 million none-Jews that died during WW2. 1 month agoflag  reply0jubal  Prijedor:Aint that the truth. 1 month agoflag  reply+1freecrack  Prijedor:millions of people die in wars, especialy world ones.israel has dick to do with what we are shown in schools.jews went n a campaign to make this important material, not israel.and the reason is so that it never happens again.not just to us, but anyone.what an evil thing to do, to educate people for the better.and for what it is worth (and im not just saying this as that isnt how i role)i didnt learn shit about the holocaust in my high school education.i just learned about the straight war element, not the civilian genocide. 1 month agoflag  reply+1ForgetTheBox  freecrack:It has happened time and time again, people have not learned... just look at Gaza, bosnia, Armenia, china, tibet or Darfur. And their are still nations employing systematic eradication techniques to murder or displace entire populations. 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  ForgetTheBox:the more people dismiss it as "the jews thing" the more genocides will happen.it can be avoided.had the people of rwanda known the method behind propaganda, calling a group cocaroaches would have made them think "hey that sounds like the nazis calling jews rats".but instead they ignorantly fell prey.we had our experience with it.we are just trying to literaly save others.dont listen and just wait in line for your turn at the gas chamber, or what ever method is employed given the society in question. 1 month agoflag  reply+1Prijedor  freecrack:They campaigned to make it an important matter so people feel sorry for them, nothing else, Israel has not stood up and said 'enough is enough' about any other conflict that included genocide sense WW2... Like someone pointed out the countries that genocide has occurred recently, Israel did not stand up to prevent such thing happening and that just shows how selfish they are.When the genocide occurred in Europe in the early 90's not one Jew stood up and said HEY THAT HAPPENED TO US NOT TOO LONG AGO, ON THE SAME CONTINENT, THIS NEEDS TO STOP..... they said nothingggggggggg and I bet if they did a lot of lives could of been savedGo ahead and justify this some how... 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  Prijedor:from the most basic levels of common sense that even slow children can fidure out, all jews arent in lock step with one another towards any end, no less sympathy.what other people benefit from us feeling sorry for them? what people have been able to accomplish anything based soley on compasion?we sent elian gonzalez back to cuba, sympathy isnt currency around these parts.is it in other places, is that what you are going for?that it is a global sympathy conspiracy? and once again who has that worked for again?do we as a nation not still buy damn near everything from underpaid chinese sweat shops?not really global currency either huh?what are we gunna do with this sympathy?im curious to what end creating a mass play for sympthy plays.are we going for changing the cultural religion, cuz that is the only thing that differenciates us.same european history, same color skin (generaly in the states) same monothiesm.the literal only difference between the jews, and the anyone else here is the lack of faith that jesus was messiah.that is the only difference between jews and the christian majority, so if that is the only thing up for grabs, is sympathy supposed to accomplish this switch?israel doesnt have to say shit about any other conflict in the world if it doesnt want to, just like every other nation.the fact that they suck at it is really irrelevant as they arent the genocide police.i dont exactly hear germany saying shit either, and despite them being the culture of that housed the holocaust, it seems no one wants to adress the issue huh?including our pussy ass's who wouldnt recognize darfur for how long?im sorry if you feel left out of the "never again" slogan, but that could have been any parcel of land, and europe had been refusing such a thing for two thousand years straight.israel happens to be where the jews finaly had some success.just the same as we did here.point being regardless of the holocaust, the earned it just the same as we did, no different.not a business aquasition of the jews getting daddy america to buy them a country to make up for the boo boo.with terrorism, (a little more extreme than the tea party) and a declaration of independance, just like us.with soldiers who made it happen.your comment proved my premise.israel is a government that represents 5 million jewish people, not the other 18 mllion (i think).my premise is that the JEWS who feel it is important that the holocaust is general knowledge, do so, so no one nation has the responsability of handling it.no country can do that, cuz wich ever side they are on they are advocating for.wether for altruistic reasons or not, that doesnt keep them out of the conflict, as well as aquiring an enemy.how has that worked out by the way, israel's enemies vs allie?the lesson isnt to have any pity for people who werent thier, but whos families were.it isnt like israel has been hunting nazis kids.it doesnt follow a blood line, it is over, and none of us at this point really have shit to do with it, as a people.we want no special treatment, and make a point not to ask for them.i mean would the holidays kill ya, yet no asking.the point is for people to learn from our story.just like yal do with our bible.we went through some shit cuz of who we are, and we are trying to give you retarded knuckleheads a leg up, so you dont end up being fed to fucking lions again.cuz aparently the first time wasnt impactfull enough, as it was the church dominated cultures who allowed this.government cant stop genocide, only we can.our governments are only as good as who we elect to them, so the more people who learn the lesson, the fewer people libel to take part or accept such things.you would think a jesus based culture would know that, but aparently not, so it seems mention worthy. 1 month agoflag  reply0congoboy  Prijedor:one more reason for education cuts 30 days agoflag  reply0musicjohnny  Prijedor:Actually that's not completely factual... there were approximately 600,000 gypsies (or roma as they prefer to be called) killed, not 10 million. The reason that the Jews are brought up so much is because during the European theater (the part of the war that happened in Europe, rather than the later Pacific front) there was no one people group that was targeted as the Jews were. A central policy of Hitler's third reich agenda was the extermination of Jews specifically. Yes, there were other groups targeted, but not to the extend that the Jewish population was. That's why they're brought up, it's not a conspiracy, it's just the facts and what's relevant to a complete study of the war. 21 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  musicjohnny:thank you johnny.  truth, now thats music to my ears 21 days agoflag  reply0Mulers  congoboy:were the eastern europeans not targeted more? 19 days agoflag  reply0PrijedorHey freecrack, how much are you getting paid today for blogging pro-israel? They must be paying good 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  Prijedor:yup, the usual.when some one agrees with ya, they "sure are smart"but an opposing view must be delegitimized.i wish i got paid for this.it would save me the torture of my shit job, but alas im just talking shit on here the same as everyone else.lol in what world do you imagine some one named "freeCRACK" would seem like a viable means to influence people in a positive way?from your perspective the israelis (code for jew much?) are so tricky they have manipulated us ever so subtly so that we wouldnt notice, yet they cant figure out that a name with crack in it may come off less than credible?your a hoot.i look forward to your always classy "shut the fuck up" 1 month agoflag  reply-3freecrack"Helen Thomas attacked for saying the obvious about Israel "yeah, obviously.yet no outcry.the tea party took on the birth cirtificate and death pannels, yet no outcry for this first amendment issue huh?maybe cuz its just crazy bullshit?so crazy, even our standard crazies wont touch it. 1 month agoflag  reply0Prijedor  freecrack:what? shut the fuck up dude, you have no legit argument for anything 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  Prijedor:then why are you always ready to reply?personaly i dont respond to people who have nothing to say. 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrackhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whU2qFd89fAsharing narratives with terrorists feel good? 1 month agoflag  reply0Mulers  freecrack:hold on alla knew about aids and didnt tell us?the jews killed the Czar? thought that was comunistsOh i see so the jews started on the germans bcos they dont like muslims (this lads a right history buff)ha some i wonder how ur man would feel if i killed some(3/4) of the worlds pop. of muslimshate to poke holes in his argument but russais still aroundwhen did islam rule the world like vienna happened so i get a life of traquility wuhu i might just have voted for him if he wasnt a fool of the highest order 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  Mulers:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmpCh_HBr_Y&feature=relatedapparently it doesnt count to some, cuz it isnt in english.here is the same bullshit being posted on here, but without the pussy footing around.same jews run the world bullshit.just for clarification, everything this guy says jews believe is false. 1 month agoflag  reply0Mulers  freecrack:alla only referes to jews and christians bcos muhamid was ignorent to the existence of others same goes for why transgendering is ok in Iranso when i say muslim extremists i realy mean muslims jews 1 month agoflag  reply+1freecrack  Mulers:lol good twist lol 1 month agoflag  reply+4IhatethemallGod forbid anyone speak out against israel. Just who the hell do they think they are. morris dees and the splc, adl can all go to hell. Maybe if they would stop committing terrorist acts, stealing land that isnt theres, stopping the flow of water food and medical supplies to the injured, tearing up farms, olive trees and using white phosphorous on civilians, folks would have less to say about them. Until that happens fuck them too. 1 month agoflag  reply-2freecrack  Ihatethemall:anyone can speak out against waht ever they may like, but when one talks out of thier ass, they suffer the results.ya wanna criticize a government for its policies, have at it, more power to ya.ya wanna tell a nation full of people they shouldnt be where they were born, you get a big fuck you.it has nothing to do with israel, as she would get the same treatment if she told all of us to move back to england.terrorism is the hamas bag, not israel.your an ass on occasion (returning the ass assessment from previous convo) but your not an idiot.ten thousand rocket attacks in ten years, versus one military operation.terrorist is a brand that defines hamas, and is hyperbole at best, and bullshit libel at worst,in regards to israel.land?israel has done nothing but give up land, gaza heard of it?no terrorism no blackade.its just that simple. 1 month agoflag  reply0Mulers  freecrack:we know its not that simple 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  Mulers:as far as the blockade goes it is that simple.even if israel adopted a "fuck every last palestinian" policy, it is terrorism on the part of the palestinians that justifies (defensively) the blockade.it is the use of home made rockets that validates the banning of explosive materials.it is the use of building material (screws and such) in the payloads of these missles that validates the blockadeit is shipment after shipment of innocuous building material covering iranian weapons that validate the blockadeno terrorism, and no bloackde.just like the last 50 some odd years. 1 month agoflag  reply0Mulersi want to know what freecrack and crystalman have to say about this and has anybody verified some of the claims made here? 1 month agoflag  reply0Debra_  Mulers:Yes it will be interesting to hear the comment's of Current's own  two in house zionists. 1 month agoflag  reply-2Mulers  Debra_:crystal maybe but iv found freecrack to be reasonably level headed 1 month agoflag  reply+1Debra_  Mulers:Any post involving the words "Jew", "Israel"  "yamaka" or "joe lieberman", and crackhead responds with the ferocity of an Israeli cyber warrior. Any reasonable criticism  of those subjects is personal to him. 1 month agoflag  reply0Mulers  Debra_:is crackhead congo? 1 month agoflag  reply0maasanova  Mulers:He avoided the subject and posted a 2005 MEMRI video about some religious kooks who allegedly want to kill all Jews and destroy America, if we are to believe Israeli the Israeli translation.Needless to say I have a feeling that those Muslims aren't allowed on the Jewish roads in Hebron. 1 month agoflag  reply-1freecrack  Debra_:is it upon the 8th or 9th time that something penetrates your thick skull?galaway,crystal,curtisreed,congoboy,and a handfull of others are zionist and i am not.really not complex stuff.i find zionism to be just retarded. 1 month agoflag  reply-2freecrack  Debra_:says the one who spouted antisemitism and racism so closely together that your comments earn criticism just because they are you.i mean if im as bad as you say, i would be recieving the "go away your not welcome" commentary, not you right?lieberman is an ass btw.way to pay attention and have a clue about that wich you speak. 1 month agoflag  reply-2freecrack  maasanova:allegedly?the clips you find of people saying crazy shit is fact, but all others are allegedly?he said it.it is on video.in front of an audiance.not an allegation, but documentation.i didnt avoid the subject at all.the message put forth inthat clerics speech is one and the same as those on your threads about this subject matter.not an avoidance of this thread at all, but a mirror of it.just showing you what company you are keeping in regards to your narrative.ask crystalman if you want to know, he owns property in hebron if im not mistaken. 1 month agoflag  reply+2freecrack  Mulers:i respond how im treated. 1 month agoflag  reply+2Itsbatman_Durrlets also add this to it,.Her speech followed her resignation from Hearst Newspapers in June, after she told an interviewer that Jews should "get the hell out" of the Palestinian territories and go to Germany, Poland or the United States.From The Detroit News: http://detnews.com/article/20101203/NATION/12030362/Helen-Thomas-stands-by-anti-...can you honestly say that the backlash is unexpected, undeserved, and some vast neo-con plot? if so you are very gullible, and the worst kind of kool aid drinker. free speech for all, but lets not be shocked when we say shocking things that uproars will follow 1 month agoflag  reply-2crystalman  Itsbatman_Durr:do you have to post a photograph of this evil and repugnant old hag? 1 month agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  crystalman:yup i do 1 month agoflag  reply+2Itsbatman_Durrdude, she said, and i quote: "Congress, the White House and Hollywood, Wall Street are owned by Zionists. No question, in my opinion." i may or may not agree with her, and i think she and everyone should have the right to say what theu want, but she and you have to know there will be those who disagree or think it was an anti-semitic statement. lets be real. 1 month agoflag  reply+4maasanova  Itsbatman_Durr:Considering that Helen Thomas regularly worked with members of Congress, the White House, Hollywood, and Wall Street for several consecutive decades, you think she'd know what she's talking about. 1 month agoflag  reply+3Itsbatman_Durr  maasanova:regardless, that isnt the point, she may be 100% right and have the evidence to back it up. But for people to act shocked at the response, or to call it some massive neo-con attack on her, is naive at best and disingenuous at worst. Someone in her position surely knew the impact her words would have, and I would say give her credit for choosing them to elicit this very response, and maybe get a dialoge  moving. But lets not create more static and red tape by turning this into a way to slam the other side for their understandable reaction, and instead get to the heart of the issue, as in whether it is a true statement or not, whether it is good or bad if it is, and what to do to resolve if if needs be. 1 month agoflag  reply+3maasanova  Itsbatman_Durr:Liberals and neo-cons attacked her equally.The issue is that there is a no-talk rule in America on some of the most crucial issues, such as American support for Israel; 30 billion annually while Americans starve on the streets. 1 month agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  maasanova:yes that is an issue, but the headline reads 'attacked for saying the obvious' and the person in the story and others are acting shocked. I agree that US policy to Israel has led to the a lot of the horrible state of affairs today, and in their name atrocities are being committed. All I am saying is lets not fill the air with static about how dare they and why are they and instead share facts, propose solutions, and encourage dialogue. 1 month agoflag  reply+2maasanova  Itsbatman_Durr:I think that the only person who is shocked is markbt116, and everyone else is feigning shock.You first have to acknowlegde the issue to be able to deal with the issue, and this is what 99.999% of journalists have refuse to do. 1 month agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  maasanova:i agree!! lets take the hate talk out and say things plainly. it isnt an attack on jews everywhere to say that you feel that american interests are too heavily slanted towards helping Israel at the expense of other people, and that it is the people behind the scenes who are really in control of it all and perpetuating this. Holocaust was horrible, but doesn't make it right for the Palestinian parents mourning their dead children tonight, or the people without a home because it was taken at the end of a tank. 1 month agoflag  reply+3maasanova  Itsbatman_Durr:OK we're on the same page. And it's not an attack on all Jews, but the way to avoid the debate and make it about "all the Jews" is for people like markbt116 bring out Hitler and white supremacy and deflect the issues. 1 month agoflag  reply+1freecrack  Itsbatman_Durr:it isnt even suspicious antisemitism, it is directly out of the nazi playbook."new york sense of humor" is that under the rug type shit that ya cant really definitively state is hate speech, cuz it could mean any number of tngs despite us all knowing its most common use.her shit is literaly part of the libels the nazis used in thier propaganda.it is field tested, and proven antisemetism that serves to villify the innocent. 1 month agoflag  reply-1freecrack  maasanova:yet this vast conspiracy that she knows so much about from personal experience, didnt warrant her sharing that information in a journalistic context.she has been a journalist since before time itself, and never released this story, or even hinted.but when asked on a personal level in a bit of a gotcha moment this comes out and her journalistic credentials are at play?not the fact that she never published it in a jouranlistic context?she is a hatefull old bat, whos opinion is stuck in the 50's.when antisemitism was just great 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:did neo-cons and liberals attack her equally perhaps cuz it isnt a matter of politics, but a matter of hate speech? wouldnt that be the mark?support for israel is talked about as often as people are interested in hearing it.you prove this with every post you submit do you not?when you search "israel" on here, does not the overwhelming majority of threads pertain to the very content you claim is on a no speak list?do those threads not have links to other sites speaking to it?we can all speak about it, it just isnt as special as you think it is.you have posted now at least four stories about this one event, while nothing new has happened to validate its reiteration.maybe it is less about this giant conspiracy, and more about your missplaced passion. 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:maybe its not an issue?is that not a real possibility? 1 month agoflag  reply+2freecrack  Itsbatman_Durr:please dont make it a holocaust thing. 1 month agoflag  reply-1freecrack  maasanova:deflect issues? or show the source of the issue?cuz this zionist conspircay crap is right out of white supremacist's playbook.wich makes it relevant, not a deflection. 1 month agoflag  reply+2maasanova  freecrack:You're still avoiding the issues, which are:the aid to Israel, 30 billion dollars year, the illegal settlements, the Jewish only roads, the murdering of innocents, the bought and paid for clergymen like John Hagee and American politicians like Mike Huckabee and his recent prostration at the American Friends of Beit El and the Beit El Yeshiva benefit, the Israeli spying in the US, the portrayal of all Arab Christians, Muslims and secularists as terrorists in the mainstream media ect...Instead, you want to talk about white supremacy, the Nazi playbook and anti-semitism. 1 month agoflag  reply+1freecrack  maasanova:im not avoiding issues at all, im responding directly to comments.we all know the current format makes following that difficult, just scroll a bit."But that's neither here nor there as the issue is Helen Thomas and Israel, not 9/11 and Israel."here is a post by you on this very thread, as well as this one."You're avoiding the issues, which are:the aid to Israel, 30 billion dollars, the illegal settlements, the Jewish only roads, the murdering of innocents, the bought and paid for American politicians and clergymen like John Hagee, the Israeli spying in the US, the portrayal of all Arab Christians, Muslims and secularists as terrorists ect ect ect..."either the thread is about helen thomas's antisemitic gaff, or it is about all these other things.no one is deflecting.you are just switching up the program when arguments dont suite what you want to accomplish.you know me, and you know very well ill take this in what ever direction you care to.this is your thread, and i yield the narrative and flow to you.but dont project your methodology upon me.it was posed that what helen thomas said was antisemitic, and you aregued that point.being as the nazi party was (and stll is) based heavily in antisemitism, and you are using libels that are identical to that wich they used, i drew the parallel for ya.no avoidance, but speaking to the commentary at hand. 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:aid to israel, 30 billion dollars.so what, we give a shit load of aid to a shit load of countries, and israel is an allie.not to mention that a whole lot of that has come back as investments to us.like drones for instance.illegal settlements.either israel is an occupying force and the settlements are what an occupying force does, or they arent an occupying force and the settlements are illegal.it cant be both.jewish only roadsmuslim only places exist in israel too.but when you fail to mention that part, it is an attempt paint them as prejudicial.when in fact they are being religiously reverential, equally.no muslims at the wailing wall, and no jews in the dome of the rock.the murdering of innocentsim not even playing along with that one, as hamas in five years trumps israel's 62 yrs of that.im just bored now. 1 month agoflag  reply+1maasanova  freecrack:The issues in this thread are what Helen Thomas spoke about, which are mainly the occupation, the racial colonies, the Jewish only roads and no criticism of Israel allowed in mainstream political discourse.These topics, and others such as the relentless media bias in favor of Israel and charges of antisemitism, are expounded on in the video, which I'm assuming that you didn't watch as usual. And the video goes into exactly what is going on in this thread. 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:the occupation, was,is,and always will be a matter of contention as your occupation is anothers country.just like our occupation of native american territory is our country.no racial colonies exist.that is hyperbole.settlements exist, and any and all who desire to help nation build are welcome.falasha from ethiopia,sephardim from arab territories,and ashkanazim from european regions, as well as any muslim who wants to help build israel.im sorry that muslims dont care to join a kibbutz, but that is thier choice, not israeli racial bias.its sad cuz israel does have a legit race problem worth discussing, but you arent touching upon it.jewish only roads is such a rediculous thing to even consider an issue.what do they check for circumsisions at toll stops?how is it one tells the difference between an arab jew and an arab muslim exactly? holy sites are religion exclusive, that is it, and it goes both ways.criticism of israel is more than welcome in political discourse.listen to npr more if you arent getting your fill.they spent at least an hour on it today alone.cnn loves kicking israel in the nuts.in fact that is what ended up having me on current to begin with.im here cuz i couldnt believe what i was hearing on cnn, and came here to see if that was concensus.it is allowed, and it continues.search "israel" on current, and a bazillion critial stories come up.if that isnt enough, click on the links wich bring you to all the journalism that criticizes israel.from the guardian,to the bbc,to npr,to the huffington post. 1 month agoflag  reply+1freecrack  maasanova:i made it about half way through the video, and then i couldnt take the stupidity anymore.ethnic cleansing despite the population growing?the whole thing is some jackass talking propaganda points.i mean i can get a good look at a steak if i put my head up the butchers ass................................ 1 month agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  freecrack:sense of humor? it wasnt a joke it was her opinion, and she has the right to it. why not instead of attacking people for their opinions, however impolitely stated, we dig into why the opinion exists. is there truth to it? is there a consortium of bankers politicians and businessmen who are pulling the strings behind our bcks and worse in front of our eyes? i believe there is. are they all jews? no. is us policy to isreal a major stumbling block to peace in the region? i think so. did isreal deserve to get the land they live on as a 'make up' for what happened to them in ww2? i dont think so no. does isreal continue to try to encroach and grow their territory at missile and tank point against tribe people armed with rocks? i believe they do. not because they are jews. because they are able to, with US help. and that is wrong in my opinion. they could be italians, eskimos or three legged cats for all i care. the policy was and is wrong, there is a power behind the scenes creating much of the worlds ills, and isreal and the US policy there plays a massive role in all of that. 1 month agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  freecrack:so defensive. who cares that it is a jewish missile that crushes your childs skull when all is said and done? 1 month agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  freecrack:please dont make it a holocaust thing? if not for the holocaust isreal would not exist plain and simple. 1 month agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  freecrack:the deflection is every time there is a negative thing said about isreal and policy towards it, people throw anti-semitism, white supremacy and the like around to discredit the opinion. 1 month agoflag  reply+3keithponder  freecrack:$30 billion dollars to a state of only 5 million people.it's ridiculously disproportionate 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  Itsbatman_Durr:opinions i respect, libels i do not.the narrative put forth by some on here is based in the same identical hate speech that has been used against jews for thousands of years.they get a face lift from time to time to stay current, but the point never changes.the message that the jews are the enemy.im not attacking opinion, but hate speech.under the rug vieled hate speech, but hate speech none the less."is there a consortium of bankers politicians and businessmen who are pulling the strings behind our bcks and worse in front of our eyes?"of course thier is.as long as money=power this will be the case.but when that element gets interwoven into the "evil zionist" propaganda, along with other similar libels, it creates an antisemitic picture that is easily accepted.it is the EXACT thing hitler did.it isnt like hitler just went out and told people the new law is fuck the jews, he created a vast propaganda campaign to send that message.not as an overt statement, but as the only conclusion that could be reached based on the accepted wisdom.when some one is told something it may be interesting at best.but when they conclude something, it becomes a matter of passion, as it is true cuz it came from with in, not from some one else.is our involvement in israel a stumbling block in the region, or is that what is used by propagandists? really ask yourself if we didnt exist, would israel be treated any differently by her nieghbors?" did isreal deserve to get the land they live on as a 'make up' for what happened to them in ww2"have ya ever noticed that no one, except fr israel's detractors make this claim? israel didnt.jews didnt, and still dont.this notion of israel being reperations for the holocaust is antisemitic propaganda.while ww2 may have wieghed heavily on those who voted to grant israel state status, they were doing it regardless.they are a state for the same reason we are.we all fought for freedom and succeeded, thats it.it has nothing at all to do with ww2.to make it so is an attempt to delegitimize israel.israel has literaly done nothing but give up land since 67.it isnt a matter of opinion, but a matter of fact.while people such as yourself honestly are under the impression that israel is taking land at tank point, the opposite is the case.how did gaza become independant? how did hamas gain control? israel gave it, they didnt take it. 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  Itsbatman_Durr:please dont make it a holocaust thing? if not for the holocaust isreal would not exist plain and simple.european zionist's began building the state of israel in the early 1900's, and by the time ww2 was over tel aviv was the only jewish city in the world.it had nothing to do with ww2.the multitudes who fled to that city and subsiquently were the force that created israel were the arab jews pushed out of their ancestrial home lands.the holocaust produced a few thousand european jews, who were hardly in any shape to create a country.really think about going from concentration camp to nation building in three years? people who spent the majority of thier youth hiding from nazis, or in camps, some how had the know how to build a nation?really?israel exists because the already existing haganah,irgun,and palmach (native palestinian jews) fought off the british, and then the arabs.that is the reason israel exists.the holocaust may have put a sense of urgency on the endevour, but that is it.the wheels were in motion before ww2, and occured irrespective of it.that is why i attack "opinions" as they lead to disinformation, and libels that serve to delegitimize a legitimate people. 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  Itsbatman_Durr:so defensive. who cares that it is a jewish missile that crushes your childs skull when all is said and done?i dont know wich comment you were replying to (fucking current format) but it doesnt matter.what does matter is what that tactic is called.and it is not terrorism.noo more than we were terrorists when we bombed germans, or the japanese. 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  Itsbatman_Durr:not at all.it is simple.thier are the 3d's of antisemitismdemonizationdelegitimizationdisproportionalismas long as the criticism doesnt fall into one of those catagories, it is legit criticism.ya wanna criticize israeli governmental policies, go for it.ya wanna damn the entire country cuz they shouldnt exist cuz the holocaust isnt a reason (delegitimization) then i have a problem.ya wanna talk about the race problem israel has, by all means.but if you want to brand them a racist society with racist laws (demonization) then i have a problem.i call out white supremacy cuz it is the same playbook that is being used.i dont really care if it is a black guy, or an arab guy, or a white guy who states "the zionists are taking over" it is the same bullshit that hitler used as the foundation for the holocaust.truth is zionism exists, and they have fucked up agendas.but they are overwhelmingly christian, wich gets conveniently left out of the libels, so it follows the hitler strain.im not branding, but exposing. 1 month agoflag  reply+1freecrack  keithponder:how so?i mean honestly 30 billion is a number far too large for me to even really understand, so i wouldnt say it makes sense if thier were 10 million people, but why is it too much?what we get in return is massively helpfull to us.up to including the very tech you are using to post on here.compare how much we give to israel vs what it yields us with what we give to pakistan for instance and what that gets us.on a global scale, evaluating everything equaly it just isnt bother some that we give an allie who is the frontline in an idealogical war we are engaged in a shit ton of money.it gets us tech,intel,and resources that we wouldnt have other wise.it is the difference between us being a super power, or russia.who by the way doesnt have all the israeli goodies we do. 1 month agoflag  reply0Mulers  keithponder:irealand with a popualtion 4 mil got 85 bil 1 month agoflag  reply-2markbt116"No americans would tolerate that - white only roads."  I'd like to see you tolerate indiscriminate bombing on your roads.You do realize you are supporting the same people that cheered in the streets on September 11th? 1 month agoflag  reply+2maasanova  markbt116:Oh yes, speaking of 9/11, there were Israelis filming and cheering the attacks from Weehawken, NJ.Witnesses saw them jumping for joy in Liberty State Park after the initial impact. Later on, other witnesses saw them celebrating on a roof in Weehawken, and still more witnesses later saw them celebrating with high fives in a Jersey City parking lot.  Witnesses said, "It looked like they're hooked in with this. It looked like they knew what was going to happen when they were at Liberty State Park."According to ABCs 20/20, when the van belonging to the cheering Israelis was stopped by the police, the driver of the van, Sivan Kurzberg, told the officers:"We are Israelis. We are not your problem. Your problems are our problems. The Palestinians are your problem."   http://whatreallyhappened.com/WRHARTICLES/fiveisraelis.html?q=fiveisraelis.html 1 month agoflag  reply-3markbt116  maasanova:Ok, Massanova.  You figured me out.  I'm Jewish and I jumped for joy when 9/11 happened.   WHAT, you say you didn't know that it was going to happen????  Sucks not to be jewish I guess, since we planned the whole thing, and every jewish person knew it was going to happen, so we filmed it. You believe me, right? 1 month agoflag  reply+3maasanova  markbt116:I don't care if you are Jewish or not, YOU brought up 9/11 I'm just telling you what happened. Why are your panties in a bundle now? You told me Palestininans were jumping for joy and that's fine I didn't get upset, so why are you upset because I told you about the dancing Israelis?The problem is that Americans were shown dancing Palestinians non-stop for about a week, but we heard nothing about the Israeli intelligence agents filming, cheering and hi-fiving the collapse of the towers from different locations in NY and NJ.But that's neither here nor there as the issue is Helen Thomas and Israel, not 9/11 and Israel. 1 month agoflag  reply-4markbt116  maasanova:haha, My panties are in a bunch, how did you know?  So, I am Jewish, therefore I knew 9/11 was going to happen, I filmed it, and I jumped for joy and high fived my other jewish buddies.True of false?Oh yeah, I found a good deal you might be interested in?http://cgi.ebay.com/WW-II-NAZI-FLAG-/290509883634?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash...I have a few extra in stock from my family.  We had quite a few, since of course we jews engineered the second world war also.  Its just part of our plan to take over everything.  You see massanova, we jews are evil.  You scared yet? 1 month agoflag  reply+1maasanova  markbt116:So you've told me that you are Jewish twice now (I told you I don't care), but are you either Sivan Kurzberg, Paul Kurzberg, Yaron Schmuel, Oded Ellner, Omer Marmari or Dominic Suter?I highly doubt you are, so then why are your panties in a bunch about this? 1 month agoflag  reply+1maasanova  markbt116:LOL what would I do with YOUR Nazi flag? 1 month agoflag  reply-5markbt116  maasanova:oh man, you are too much.  so you don't care if my panties are in a bunch, but if i am not jewish, then I would have no reason to have my panties in a bunch based on what you say.by that logic, my anti-semitic friend, you are saying things that are decidedly anti jewish.and on your fake jewish protaganists in your anti-semitic fantasy blog, the US government has decided not to pursue these people.  You see, we jews are the US government, so why would we go after our own people.  Actually, we jews own everything in the world, and everything bad that ever happened is our fault.I don't blame you for being paranoid.  We jews are the root of all evil.  You probably should continue your gassings asap.  Have I won your support yet? 1 month agoflag  reply+4maasanova  markbt116:You're pretty amusing I'll admit that. 1 month agoflag  reply-4markbt116  maasanova:thanks.  by the way, I haven't received your payment for next years white supremacy membership.  if you're a little hard up right now, i happen to know a few money lenders who may be able to help out....jewish of course. 1 month agoflag  reply-1freecrack  maasanova:the difference is that the muslim world rejoiced at 9-11 while israel mourned it.so much so that when the flottilla was taunting the idf they used 9-11 as an example of what israels fate will be.it is beyond offensive to any rational person when you try to tag innocent people to the crimes of others.especially when the others proudly show thier enthusiasm for our suffering. 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  markbt116:hey, can i get your autograph mel? 1 month agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:cuz its offensive. 1 month agoflag  reply-1freecrack  maasanova:fly it proud as you come out of the closet. 1 month agoflag  reply0Mulers  freecrack:come on not every muslim rejoiced on 9/11 and that flotial was pirated 1 month agoflag  reply+1freecrack  Mulers:no not at all.but maasanova is obsessed with these two "alleged" israelis that were supposedly jumping for joy at 9-11.ya know they were israelis cuz.................well apparently ya just know an israeli when ya see one.despite no video existing of this event, it is undoubtable fact some how, despite the throngs of muslims who reveled in it here and abroad.the flotilla was pirated by terrorists posing as human rights activists. 1 month agoflag  reply0Mulers  freecrack:that was a good turn around on the pirated thing but im fairly sure all of those activists had the captains permission to be there the (who were they comandos?) on the other hand 28 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Mulers:take a ship and try to enter another countries waters and let me know how that works out. 27 days agoflag  reply0Mulers  freecrack:flying an humanitarian flag into a country claiming to be "western" does israel maintain control of the coast? 26 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Mulers:yes they do.and they told the flotilla for a week not to try to break the blockade.the flotilla knew what they were doing full well 26 days agoflag  reply0Mulers  freecrack:so how far can palastinians go from gaza b4 they are "trespassing" 21 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Mulers:about as far as an israeli can go into gaza before tresspassing.it has the wall, so the border is clearly marked.walls,fences,and guard towers. 21 days agoflag  reply0Mulers  freecrack:no into the med 20 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Mulers:that situation is fucked up.they can, but only so far into the sea cuz of thishttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=az1HW0sGkEo 19 days agoflag  reply+1dreamsenvoyFree Palrael 1 month agoflag  replymore fromNews:Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvDinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Smoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-Dadefrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentssouthrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  27 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  29 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  45 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog