Hubpages Help - A Reading List For New HubbersHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHubPages Tutorials and CommunityHelp for New HubbersAdvice and Tips for New HubbersHubpages Help - A Reading List For New HubbersHubpages Help - A Reading List For New Hubbers94rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy frogdroppingThere are always two ways to do things in life. The right way. And the wrong way. Of course you have to factor in free will. And idiots. But thats another hub, another day. This isnt about choices  lets say its more about a hearty shove in the right direction. Im going to give you some recommended reading. A Hublist of what to read and why. NB: If you just want to get on with it - just scroll down to the bit that says 'Lissie'. I don't mind my waffle being leapfrogged over.Ha! Leapfrog.  I've picked several Hubbers - because they're the guys and gals that I found when searching for the light. I'm not saying (after I'd read their articles) that I suddenly felt lit up like a million watt bulb. But at least there was a nice warm glow. They helped me create a base from which I could begin to hub and make the effort of hubbing worthwhile.And if you have the wit and the will to make a success of your time on HubPages, then read through the hublist. It's nothing I didn't do and - no one pointed me in the right direction. At least you've got a heads up.And don't expect no pretty pictures or videos. You're not getting any. Be thankful I did this. And be even more thankful to the hubbers that wrote all the articles I've pulled together.Because without their effort, this hub wouldn't exist. And ... I'm a benevolent frog, if nothing else. So I've put one picture in. Of me. You may drool on your keyboards. You can even lick your screens. But no slushy mail in my inbox please.  Living it up on HubPages. I'm a good frog me.Think of it like this: you can bugger off and do your own sweet thing and find your way on your own. Or you can take the word of frog  which doesnt carry a guarantee by the way  and learn some cool and interesting facts a little bit quicker than I did. And whilst my word isnt up to the level of a guarantee, I will attempt to reign in my asinine tongue. Try. Not promise.In no particular order, Im going to start with Lissie.LissieLissies' HubsCreate an Attractive Hub PageAn article written solely about capsule placement, how and what to use and why. Informative, understandable and easy to implement.Hubpages Internet MarketingAll about how to make HubPages work for you. Lissie decsribes how the site works, what works and what doesn't - and all in easy to read format.Lissie's been on the Hub for some two years now. And shes also published a fair amount of information regarding how to hub in order to maximize your potential for earning money online. Through Lissie, Ive learned to pay more attention to the layout of my hubs. How to place headers, pictures, how to arrange and order capsules. Even how to place (as much as you can) advertisements so that they blend better with your article. All good stuff if you're in it to win it. The information that she provides is valid, it works and as far as I'm concerned, you'll be a lot better off for the knowing of it.DarksideDarksides HubsHow HubPages WorksThis is the one to start with. Read it. Every single word.How To HubThe title says it all. In case it says nothing to you - a breakdown and how to write a hub.How Hubscore WorksThis is not an exact science but here, you'll find it broken down - as much as it can be - and delivered back to you in an easy to understand format.An Introduction To HubPage ReferralsAbout referrals. What they mean and what they do. A basic info and precedes Darksides article about Tracking. Read this one first.How HubPage Tracking WorksAll about 'tracking' on HubPages. I'm not explaining it here. In a nutshell. I can't. Just go read it.Darkside has been kicking around the hubpages cold and draughty halls for about the same length of time as Lissie. He is a mine of information about:How To HubCapsulesHow HubPages WorksHubPage ReferralsHow Hubscore WorksAnd moreWhen I disovered his hubs (by searching guys. You know - I used the search facility!) I found his homepage. I had a little potter around and lo! I found the light. Or at least a torch. And one thing about Darkside is this: he's very very thorough. So go and check him out. And say thankyou. As with Lissie, his hubs are painstakingly thought out, written and presented. If he doesn't reply - well he's probably busy thinking up new ways to help light your way a little bit easier.Mark KnowlesMark Knowles' HubsHow I got my hub to be on Google's first pageBefore I start, I will say this  I am not selling anything. There will not be an offer to buy my ebook at the end of the hub so you can learn my secrets of success, for a fee. Nor will I be selling a...Optimizing your webpage for google adsenseA great insight into putting your hubs together. How to present them, what may work, what may not.Making Money Online  Three things that have worked for me at hubpagesThis is Marks take on hubbing and well worth the time it will take you to read through. I've tried his method and it does kick start hubs as far as internet surfers finding them. And that's they key: being found.Mark Knowles is another long-serving and successful Hubber. He isn't just a pretty fella either, he knows what he's talking about. Mark is a pro-blogger - and one of the relatively few folks on the 'net that really does earn a living from it.He shares his insight regarding what's worked for him and I guess, what hasn't. Whilst Mark doesn't write in a 'needle to thread' format (he tells it as it is IMO and no bad thing either), you will still come away from his articles having learned quite a few things that you wouldn't have known - had you not visited some of his hubs. Definitely on my recommended reading list. Learn from another online professional - Mark. in fact all four, Darkside, Lissie and Maddie included, know what they're talking about. They all walk the walk. What they've written, they know about. That's why they're sharing.Maddie RuudMaddie Ruuds' HubsFrom A Moderators Mouth: Overly Promotional HubsThis gives a very clear message about writing a hub that revolves around over-promoting and Maddie sets down what HubPages consider as spam within a hub. To be honest, when I read it, I just absorbed it as meaning 'how not to hub. Period.How to Choose a Hub TopicHow to choose a topic for your hubs. Maddie shares her insight regarding what has worked for her and shares a few pointers as to where to look for great titles.How To Make Money on HubPagesThis was Maddies' 200th hub and dedicated to sharing her knowledge about the money making aspects of hubpages - chiefly by way of adsense.Maddie Ruud is a moderator and member of the HubPages team. She's also a writer. And a very good example of what happens when a hubber delivers good quality, original articles - they make money.You may occasionally spot her in the forums, moderating and going about HP business but - she continues to write and publish quality articles. Her 'how to' articles are worth reading and, as with the other hubs/hubbers that I've highlighted, Maddie is someone that I've read.As with all the hubs included in this article, I've read them more than once. I've made both mental and physical notes and tried to adopt a path whereby I'm walking between each and every one. That may sound restrictive - its not.It's easy to do simply because what I read as time went by made perfectly good sense. And I hope they do the same for you. If you pay attention to just one thing that I have to say, pay attention to this: these hubbers know what they're talking about - so listen well.Final WordGeneral HubPages Help ListThe Hub Rules - Getting Started with HubPagesArticles relating to the HubPage Rules. Great reading.Quick Guides - Getting Started with HubPagesA whole heap of quick quides on how to kickstart your hubbing ability.How Much Money in the Beginning - Getting Started with HubPagesAll about money. The bit you really want to learn about. But first you need to know 'how to' - remember?Improving Your Hub - Getting Started with HubPagesArticles about Improving Your Hub on HubPages, a place where you can read and write about any topic that interests you.Help for New Hubbers on HubPagesLots of helpful and advice driven hubs regarding the way to go - and how to get there.Your First Hub - Getting Started with HubPagesYour first hub - how to write one. Plenty of articles to read and digest.There are many other individual (very helpful) hubbers on the site but for now, you've enough to read. In the event that you romp through those that I've listed, to the left there are more links - that will take you directly to where you need to be.It's Noob central for new hubbers. And also the place for those of us that have made a start and yet still need a bit of help.You'll find literally hundreds of different hubs, relating to:How to ... Adsense ... Analytics ... Guides ... Hints & Tips ... Researching Topics ... Making Monery Online ... And lots moreSo do yourself a favour and make a start. The sooner you're educated in the Land of Hub, the better you'll be. The better HubPages will be.And the less occupied I will be at frogging around in the 'help' section in the forums. And mind your manners. Wherever you go, say thankyou and rate articles. Remember the hours and hours of effort everyone's put in. Or out. Now bugger off. I've hubs to write.PS - I should have added this when I actually wrote it.Having read the hubs I've listed, if anyone wants to know if the proof is in the pudding, yes it is. Taking what I've read and putting it into practice has been productive. Taking various *bits from Maddie, Lissie, Darkside and Mark (and others) has meant that google acknowledges my existence. It works guys. Quality content, attention to detail and presentation, titles, topics, capsule use and so on - all make the whole.*Of advice - not actual bits. Can you imagine Mark minus his sense of humour? Or what Darkside would look like if he lacked his eye?vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (12)Funny (1)Awesome (2)Beautiful HubPages Help: Hub Challenge - Complete How To GuideCommentsdohn12116 months ago This is awesome.  I see that you no doubt see some of our newest neighbors struggling to get on with hubbing.  You're very thoughtful, Frog.  Great job!  You do a great service for the HP community!GeneralHowitzer16 months ago hehehe I haven't read it well for now, i'll be back in the days ahead...frogdropping16 months ago dohn - I sincerely just hope it helps. I have periods where I'm in the forum and go hunting links for folks asking for help - because they've asked and they need it. And I genuinely don't mind helping. I just figured that it was time I roped some of the ones I've read, absorbed and worked off, together.Hopefully if others find this, they'll get started a good bit quicker than I did. And thankyou. But the work was done buy all the hubbers that have written the help articles :)frogdropping16 months ago General H - you don't have to read it. It's just a sign post for those that want answers to some of the more commonly asked help questions I see in the forum :)docadvocate16 months ago wow what an idea ,its superbly done hub,m a fan, no no m a AC of urs.....frogdropping16 months ago docad - thankyou very much :)ethel smith16 months ago Get writing then lolshibashake16 months ago Great resource! I want a poll at the end so we can vote for which of them is the hottest :)frogdropping16 months ago ethel - no lol! I can't improve on perfection ... ;)Shiba - mwah lovely :)  better not do that. The loser may lynch my green and sticky ass ;) I read your last one btw - did I leave a comment? I must go and check!shibashake16 months ago Awwww- I'll vote for Darkside here. I think his eyes look really dreamy ;-)frogdropping16 months ago Shiba - lol that's nothing to do with the quality of his articles, is it?! ;)shibashake16 months ago "The eyes are the window of the soul"With eyes like that, his articles must be super awesome! Hah! Now I want a peek at the rest ;-) Ok ok, I'll take my smut and go away ...frogdropping16 months ago Shiba - are you on a blood sugar drop? You need cake girl! I may show a pic of my eyes one day. I have two you know :)emievil16 months ago Hey froggy, nice cool pic of you up there. I agree with all the hubbers you featured here, their hubs are gold mines for us who have been hubbing for a very short while and for new hubbers. Hope this hub stays on the front page of all the hubs out there for all new hubbers to see. Great hub!Jaspal16 months ago Nice hub Frog ... I'm certainly not new on HubPages, but have written only three hubs in eleven months and, frankly, I don't know a thing about any of the stuff you have pointed out. Am bookmarking this hub to return later and go through your recommended reading ...A big THANK YOU! :)frogdropping16 months ago emie - ha like it huh? I'm not a bad old frog ;) There are others hubbers that have written and published hubs as great as the ones above. These are the ones I read and took onboard initially. I guess they cover the foundations. Some of them are more than that, especially when it comes to presentation etc.But all relevant, IMO :)Jaspal - they're well crafted hubs on some of the important nuts and bolts (on HP) that I believe can only make us better hubbers in the long run. Helpful - which is the point.And thankyou for the thankyou but as I said, I didn't do the hardwork ;)Herald Daily16 months ago Great article, FD!  I'm going to check out Mark Knowles, haven't read his, yet.Chuck also had a good hub on the subject, as does Wordplay.Thanks for writing this resourceful hub.frogdropping16 months ago Herald - chuck and wordplay are great, as is relache and a whole host of others. All know how to hub and share what they know, or what's worked for them.And thankyou :)ciidoctor16 months ago i love your pic so much .frogdropping16 months ago ciidoctor - thanks. I have better ones though ;)darkside16 months ago Excellent work!I suggest that it needs some Maddie!frogdropping16 months ago DS - I was thinking about Maddie (I read her too) but I figured to try keep it short. Still. I will go and find Maddies (that I found helpful) and link them in.Thankyou :)deerinheadlights16 months ago no slushy mail here...I intend to bookmark this and read all your referenced articles.  I am not quite "getting" it yet.  I am researching like crazy though and trying to write something almost everyday, not sure about the whole key word thing yet, but WILL figure it out soon...i like your bloody style frog! R u sure there's not a prince in there somewhere...oh right, no slushy mail...Pacal Votan16 months ago Rated up.Love the pic.Thankyou.Off to study the Icons. :)frogdropping16 months ago deerin - ahhh lol no prince. Maybe a princess. I really should think about putting a real picture up. Saves all the confusion.And just keep at it. It's all a learning process and I doubt even an expert could cover all or at least most bases right away. I still read and learn and will continue to do so.Pacal - Thankyou. And thankyou again :) And yes, studying is good ;)k@ri16 months ago Great information!  I remember using the search facilities when I was new and you have mentioned many of the hubs I used also.  In fact, you mention my three top:  Lissie's "Adsense Placement", Mark's "How I got my hub on Google's first page" and Darkside's "How Hubscore Works".  :Dfrogdropping16 months ago k@ri - I did read more and I haven't put them all up but I am about to ammend the hub, later today. I was trying to keep it shorter than it already is but if it's useful, then why not make it more so :)upal1916 months ago I've read some writings of mark knowles, the bearded person. those are very interesting.jack keeth16 months ago This is terrific. I know zero about how to use HubPages and it is splendid of you to take the time and effort to put all of this together. Thank you.frogdropping16 months ago upal - I had to smile ... 'bearded person'! He's a very good example of online marketing and the associated skills - as they all are :)jack - thankyou but as I said before, the work was done by the hubbers that wrote the articles. I hope they help :)Eaglekiwi16 months ago Ohhhh yes ,lovely to have 'stuff' all in one place ,thankyou frog. Cool score too. Y quite the smartest frog I ever knew.KyonSOS2316 months ago hi clever frog,I think you can list hubber because you to take heed their.frogdropping16 months ago Eagle - I'm smart-ish. Kermit takes the crown for the Muppet show. Now he really was a smart frog. And thankyou :)Kyon - ok, duly noted, thankyou :)rebekahELLE16 months ago hey froggie, being a nubbie I am amazed at the generosity given by the more advanced hubbers. thanks for a very informative, helpful article and I will 'fan' all you have suggested. keep up the great work!Dale Nelson16 months ago A great idea frog and easy to read and understand for newbies.Go to say I also got a lot of help form Dawei888 when i started.Great work all.frogdropping16 months ago rebekah - You don't have to fan each and every one (though you're quite welcome to - I'm sure they'd enjoy your company) though I would recommend you bookmark their articles (as I have) in order to revisit them as and when.And thankyou :)frogdropping16 months ago Dale - I hope it helps, as will the guys that I roped into this hub. I'm sure they don't mind - after all, they wrote their hubs in order to help others :)cutedoll16 months ago Thanx.. This will definately save my time as I am a new member of hub.frogdropping16 months ago cutedoll - I hope all the guys you'll read are a great help to your time around hubpages. And welcome :)Marie Dwivkidz16 months ago Fantastic resource, and brilliant to pull it together in one place.  Most of it I have gradually stumbled upon, digestd it and thought 'doh - so that's what I was doing wrong!', but some links that are new to me too.  Still learning from the masters.  Thanks for sharing a bit of hublove around in the form of this hub. It all just makes the world a nicer place.frogdropping16 months ago Marie - hublove is always welcome around HP :)youcanwin16 months ago Thanks for the informationshinujohn200816 months ago Your hub is a good motivation to newbiesLonely Writer16 months ago Thanks for providing this article. It has been a big help for me as a newbie.Chris Crow16 months ago Great hub--it deserves the 100 score.  nice work.frogdropping16 months ago youcanwin - thankyou :)Shinujohn - I hope sand I I think that's the intention of those that wrote all the great hubs.Lonely - you're welcome :)Chris - well that's nice, I didn't know. I need to thank Lissie, Maddie, Darkside and Mark ;)skye2day16 months ago Thank you so much for sharing the hub love.I am eternally grateful. I've been hubbing 5 months and yewow this is cool. One should never think they have graduatedor one could miss the grand finale. You rock or is that hop? Thank you for your hard work. I thank all hubbers that share the love. Hop over to my hubs one day.cheerio..for now I will  be back to see what you are hup to.frogdropping16 months ago skye2day - I'm glad you found this. More so if it helps :) And I got the easier end of the stick - I just grabbed the hubs others had published and delivered them on on page.And thankyou ;)Rebecca E.16 months ago okay great hub awesome!Kiki Hu16 months ago Thank you so much for all the information!:)zyfwm16 months ago Thank you so much for all the information!:)JamesCurtis16 months ago Very usefull to those of us just feeling our way...Dolores Monet16 months ago You betcha, I read all those folks and they sure helped outjerrylayton16 months ago A concise, needed and invaluable source.I am a newcomer, and I need all the help I can get.I am joining your fan club.If you'd like a taste of my work, read OLD GROUCH 1 & 2, WIZARD OF WORDS and THE DEATH OF A HOOKER:HELL STREETBoss Mare16 months ago Hi, I'm new too, and I have found this blog to be very helpful!  Thank you for taking the time to give us a direction!  Bossstevesmith2916 months ago Hi I just started here also and I am going to check out those hubs. Thanks.Purple Perl16 months ago Excellent resource for any hubpage newbie! All the research done & all put together very well! Newbies will thank you for this informative & useful hub.Great work,frogdropping!frogdropping16 months ago To all - thankyou for stopping by and leaving your very pleasant and welcome feeback. It's much appreciated and don't forget do the same for the guys that have actually done the hard work ... I'm just the hubber that put grouped their work together :)trimar716 months ago Well written hub. Congrats on being a fairly new hubbie and earning such high scores. It is clearly due to some good writing.Janetta16 months ago Saw this on the front page and sauntered on over :D reat job as always and you've done fantastic putting everything into practice! Love ya! ;)Artemus Gordon16 months ago Thanks for gathering up the work from these great hubbers so we can read some excellent work. I can only hope that one day I can create some hubs that garner some attention.travel_man197116 months ago Hubbing is not only sharing your ideas but also profitting from it. Thank you, frogdropping for letting us know Mark Knowles and Lissie and of course, you. Kodus!!!frogdropping16 months ago tirmar - thankyou :)Janetta - wooooo lol it's you! Where have you been!Artemus - you're welcome. I'm sure you'll do just fine :)travel_man - I hope you find some good stuff after you've read through some or all of those on the list. They're all worthy of note :) And thankyou ;)bengriston16 months ago There are some excellent writers here and hopefully I can get just a little from each one and make my hubs a success.medina11216 months ago for a first time hubber I found your hub is very informative, hopefully I'll manage to get some fans and manage to make my hub a success. Thanks heapscreativewrtr16 months ago Thank you for all of this information. I will definitely take advantage of your efforts. I posted my very first blog anywhere about two hours ago. lol I probably should have read this first!ChloeAliceWilson16 months ago I'm new and this is just what I need.  Thanks ever so for putting it together.  Right I'm off to read some of your suggestions.Ryan Hupfer16 months ago Just posted a link to this awesome Hub over in our blog >>http://blog.hubpages.com/2009/09/frogdropping-pullThanks for putting this all together, Frogdropping!!frogdropping16 months ago ben - you're welcome, as is medina, creative and Chloe. Please do remember to say thankyou to those that put so many hours of effort into the hubs listed. They may have been on HP a while but they're all softies at heart :)Hey Hup :) Great idea, maybe more will spot it now! Thankyou :)And have you found your ring yet?! Or you just going to stick with the copy lol!glassvisage16 months ago Ah, THIS is what you mean by a reading list :) I was thinking of a list of recommended books or something, but this is a great addition to Hubpages!kev816 months ago Hey, thank you for the really good information!Ill definitely be checking it out!Peggy W16 months ago Going to bookmark this and truly study the articles.  I kind of leaped in and started splashing around.  Time for the swimming lessons!  Thanks!mroricle197316 months ago Excellent information for starters....create a page16 months ago Frogdropping, thank you so much for your unselfish labor of love.  You showcased the writings of other hubbers in order to help those of us who are new, or those who just simply need more help (like me).  What can I say?I am sure you never imagined that you would have received an excellent score as a result.  Keep up the good work.  You are a great example to all hubbers.Thanks also to darkside, Mark Knowles, maudie ruud and lissie's.  You are each so valuable to us at hubpages.HKrafston16 months ago Wow, great hub.  Until now, I've bumping around in the dark.  Can wait to get startedfrogdropping16 months ago Guys - if any of this helps you at least understand the basics, then it's done it's job. There's nothing wrong with writing on whatever subject you choose. The difference I guess is in the presentation and whether you're here to earn a passive income or not. However, applying the advice of those in the list will only optimise your ability to hub, either way. Good luck!creat a page - you're one of the few to shout out a thanks (on here) to those on the reading list, thankyou :)HKrafston - I'm glad you found the light ;)Steviebeth122716 months ago thanks for the info. I found it to be quite informative.arundreams16 months ago good infothanks friendelisabethkcmo16 months ago great hub!  I've talked to a couple of friends about signing up, and this is such a good resource for them, not to mention me!This hub is going into the Bookmark Hall of Fame!thanks, frogdroppingGift Experts16 months ago Thanks alot its nice of you to bring all these resources all together. I will spend more time here in the future.  thanks again.Steve R McDowell16 months ago Useful... interesting... and I enjoy your blunt way of phrasing things!  An A+ hub ^_^frogdropping16 months ago Lol - you guys are really cool students of Frogvarsity. I hope you're all paying attention, reading well and putting what you're learning into practice. I can't say this enough - paying attention to those that lead the way is the way to becoming a successful hubber - or online writer anywhere. Seriously guys ... the best of everything. It CAN be done!mailxpress16 months ago Yes, putting into practice what we read and learn from it does eventually earn you income.  OH, I've become very good at writing articles too.  Because of Hubpages I have become a writer and enjoy sharing information I know very well with the Hub community.mailxpressSuzie Parker16 months ago Thanks for the great hub. I love your writing stylePatti Ann16 months ago Wow - thanks for all the great info - my brain is on information overload!!  It could explode at any moment!!frogdropping16 months ago Go on hubber peeps - explode at will, all positive for you and your writing :) I hope you find lots of success and thankyou :)createmorelove16 months ago Good Advice- thank you. I'm new to Hubpages and I still don't get this scoring thing.tudsanee16 months ago Nice hub Frog....Thanks for the great hub.lowerabworkout16 months ago Thank you for this excellent information that I will definitely be using over coming weeks to improve my hubs and add new ones.Although I think it will take me a while to read it all!MichaelD.E. Wordsymthe16 months ago OK so I'm new to all of this and I can't be certain that I have things up and running correctly but your advise was given in about the most understandable way yet  (for me) even though it may not seem like it!Thanks for the advise and other pleasurable readingsDEwords cocktail16 months ago Thank you Frog..this is a good compiled hub for starters like me...feeling nervous to get into affiliates etc. but anyway, I will surely keep coming back to reading this hub for help and guidance..really do not know what exactly I will get into here!!frogdropping16 months ago Thanks for reading. I hope it's of benefit :) And jump in. Why don't you read through the hubs, see which parts make sense and write a hub. Then go into the extreme makeover subforum and ask for a critique? Hubbers will come, read your hub and give you constructive feedback. It's a great way of learning and finding out what you're doing right/wrong. Don't be worried to try it out - no one is nasty and you will get credit where it's due and direction where it's required :)keira715 months ago Hello frogdropping and thank you for your nice hubs and advices. Just want to ask you, are you a french frog ?or just a frog. I ask that because I am a french frog desperate to start a good hub. I will eventually but at the moment i m just enjoying reading all the hubs. Au revoir Mr Frogdropping and sorry for my English. And thanks again for your good advices. God bless you.sumon615 months ago Got the good hub.Thamksfrogdropping15 months ago Keira - I'm not french, I'm english :) Your english is perfect. If you need any help, you only have to ask, either in the forum or via email, it's no problem :)sumon - thankyou.keira715 months ago Thank you Mr Frogdropping, actually I was about to join the forum yesterday but I couldn`t because I was choc by what I was reading. One hubber said that "people who cant write English should no come to the hub" I was really sad, because my confidence is really low at the moment, I came to the hub recently but I havent write a proper hub yet for the moment I m just taking my time reading all the hubs. But I m so hurt that I dont know if I will continue to come to the hub. Maybe I am to sensitive but its not easy when you write in another langage. Anyway I will come to say hello. Take care Mr Frogdropping and thank you very much. You are a verry nice frog. See you soon.frogdropping15 months ago keira - I'm incredibly saddened to hear what you've got to say. I hope you rethink your decision. I have joined your fan club and would love to help you become the writer you wish to be. Please - email me. I will help you. We are mostly very good people ... and very helpful. Don't feel upset by one persons awful opinion, that is not true of HubPages overall!keira715 months ago That is very nice of you Mr Frog, really I am touched. You cant imagine how happy that made me. One of my big dream is to write a book in English. I ve always loved the English language and you have given me confidence to start to believe that maybe i can do it. Thank you again. And I want to say also a big thank you to all this nice hubbers that made me welcome in the forum, that was really lovely from them. Mr Frog I will never forget what you have just done for me thank you so much. Another thing as well,to change the subject, I have sent you another e.mail but a small problem occured so I dont know if you have received it. Anyway thanks again. Take care Mr Frog. I am so happy and also very happy to be your fan.frogdropping15 months ago keira - thankyou :) I received your email, no problem. And no thanks required, honest. Sometimes someone comes along (like you) and makes others realise the power of (their) words :)Brian Leekley15 months ago Thanks for this hub. It's like a curriculum guide to a self-study course in how to create effective hubs.mdawson1715 months ago I loved the fact that you have given credit to those hubbers who have given a full effort in helping our community grow!Another very Good Hub!mdawson17frogdropping15 months ago Brian - thankyou. I hope you see the value of the written work of others :)mdawson - nice to see you and thankyou very much!GeneralHowitzer15 months ago I just featured this hub of yours in my article:http://hubpages.com/hub/A-to-Z-Guide-for-Hubpages- I hope you have time to visit it.ronaldoh15 months ago I have  just joined and find this very helpful,nice credit to other hubberscarltonsbooks.com15 months ago Thank You Frogdropping!!!!  This Hub is a treasure of help. I have bookmarked this page to make it easier to read and re-read. Thanks Again!frogdropping15 months ago Go guys - get studying and reading! You will learn a lot from the guys listed above, that's for sure :) And again - it's thanks to the hubbers that settled down to put the above hubs out, not me. But thankyou all the same ;)jessemaude15 months ago Simply inspirational.  I want to have a good foundation before I start.  If this doesn't get me hopping frogdropping I'm just plain lazy!frogdropping15 months ago Good good :) I hope you learn and grow and publish great material. And never forget to thank any of the hubbers you read. They like compliments ... even if they'd never let on ;)Stephen Beck15 months ago Thanks so much for this hub.  Although I've been on hubpages for a few months, I'm still trying to learn the ropes.  Your hub has given me some great places to go and learn.frogdropping15 months ago Stephen - I should imagine something in the above will help. There's so much to read through and it's all great material. Good luck :)EagleHeart15 months ago Very helpful information for the newbie such as myself Frog. I thank you for the tips and advice. Between you and the folks you have listed above, there is a lot of information to be taken in. You can bet your last dollar that I'll put it all to good use. Again, great article and thank you.frogdropping15 months ago Eagle - it is a lot to read and take in at the start. I'd bookmark the hubs, keep them handy. And refer to the ones that help with the basics to start with.The beauty of the site is that as you write, you learn. And you can then go back and tweak up your earlier hubs as you gain more knowledge about how to do stuff better. Good luck :)r2moo215 months ago This is a great reading list! I wished I chanced upon it sooner actually. Thanks!MissE14 months ago More good froggy advice.  Thanks a ton!ftlandr14 months ago I just created my new hub.  You certainly laid down the foundation a new hubber needs to know.  Thank you!wendi_w14 months ago Thank you .. There is so much to know and you have given alot of good advice.frogdropping14 months ago Hey all :) I'm happy to hear that a few more of you are more 'in the know' than you may have been previously. Happy hubbing!Filipino girls14 months ago Superbly informative hubMy Digest14 months ago Thank you for such a helpful hub! I'm on my way to read all the related links you have posted.LoneWolfMuskoka14 months ago I'm working my way through these articles and I've discovered that the AdSense Placement article by Lissie seems to be missing.I'm working through the Darkside links now.  Thanks for this collection.Luanne1614 months ago Thank you so much!This really helps!Luanne16Duchess OBlunt13 months ago I'm always behind the 8 ball it seems, but I'm certainly happy to have found this one!  Better late than never.  What a great hub!  It has to be bookmarked because there is so much information, but it's on the top of my to do list!Awesome.  Thank youscheng113 months ago That's a great list of experiences for new writers to gain!PhoenixRox13 months ago Newbie in the house.Followed you from myLot.LOL.Great info. I am so glad this is here.Elyse Eaton13 months ago LOL  I love that you mention that you have to factor in free will and idiots!  The truth needs to be told.At any rate, you've given a lot of info and I appreciate it.  By the length and content of the comments you have on this hub, I am not the only one.Off to do your suggested reading . . .starme7713 months ago Nice hubb frogdropping , enjoyed it :)frogdropping13 months ago Phoenix - good to see you here :) Happy hubbing!Elyse - thankyou for your feedback, it's most welcome!Star - I hope it made sense and you found it helpful ;)hypnodude12 months ago I'll follow your advices, and your hubs too. Thanks for these hints.moonvine12 months ago Super list of hub mentors!  Thank you!Drax12 months ago very goof FD... and great for newbies... drop by sometime... :-)Dale Mazurek12 months ago Dam you are a wonderful writer.  Your style is very enjoyable to read.As for the topic of the hub you have listed some pretty great names.  I know at least 3 of those names have had a lot to do with my success at Hubpages.Any newbie should be doing a lot of reading to find their answers.Congrats on a great hub and just to let you know your hub is now listed on my blog.You can find the link to my blog on my profile page.CheersDalefrogdropping12 months ago Dale - re putting this on your website - thankyou very much :) As for the hub, it was an easy write. it's good to know what works and what doesn't and some of the hubs I read over time I would have been the better for knowing where to look from the start. Instead I spent several months on the site painstakingly sifting through hubs in order to find those that made a difference to my hubbing experience.Hence this hub :):)janiek1311 months ago Frogdropping: Hi, I have decided to add some helpful hints about online writing to my blog and also to share what I have learned. I wanted to give credit where credit is due, so I added a link to this article to my blog post. Thank you for taking the time to share what you have learned from others on hubpages.Katarina211 months ago Thanks for the info - now there's even more reading to do! :-)Arren12311 months ago very intersting, thanks for sharingmissmaudie11 months ago Thanks so much for sharing all this info, to take everything in and follow all the links will be illuminating I'm sure.  My first bookmarked hub - you write beautifully.lululemon is pwn11 months ago i love your sense of humor!! you may be ( however old you are) but your still very lively  read my hub please : Dfrogdropping11 months ago Missmaudie - thankyou and I hope you find this helpful :)lulu - thankyou. And I read your hub. It needs more words - and now you know I've read it you can stop asking me ;)Edweirdo11 months ago I agree with all four of your choices! Some days I spend so much time reading their hubs I don't have time to actually write new ones of my own :Dfrogdropping11 months ago Edweirdo - I know exactly what you mean, I've spent many an hour reading their hubs too. And great name by the way :)travel_man197111 months ago When it comes to Making Money Online, particularly on HubPages (HP), Mark Knowles has a knack for such topic. You're also right with Darkside and Relache. I'm just starting and I'm still learning the ropes and ends in HP. Thanks, frogdropping.travel_man197111 months ago Oh, by the way, can I add Patty Inglish, too?GmaGoldie10 months ago I rated it up and will return!  There is so much to learn!  Travel_man1971 makes a good point - Patty Inglish is one of my heros - very skilled writer.   The fun on Hub Pages is not just the writing but the learning and meeting others.  Love this very special place in the social virtual world!satyam1210 months ago it is avery good hub and it is good for the starters in hubpages u are a great writerCagsil10 months ago Hey Frog, maybe I should have read this one sooner? Just kidding. Great hub, extremely informative and helpful. Thank you so much for writing it. :) It has been rated up and bookmarked. :)kea9 months ago Hi Frogdropping!  Great hub.  This is like a one-stop shop I can reference to improve my hubs!  I'm bookmarking this hub!  Also, I like your leapfrog humor...very clever.frogdropping9 months ago Kea - good to know you found it :)Successful Living9 months ago Hi frogdropping,I'm bookmarking this hub and will go through and read each hubber and recommended hubs.  I've only been writing here for a short time, but have also run into these hubbers and found their advice to be helpful and insightful.Thank you!frogdropping9 months ago Hey there :) All the guys mentioned here, and several others, provide lots of helpful advice on how to hub, and it's generic. You can use it for any type of hub.Neil Ashworth8 months ago I love this hub. Your writing is original and the photos are beautiful.MojoJojo497 months ago Thanks for the useful and informative hub. I'm going to hop on over to the hubs you mentioned and check them out. Cheers :)lucieanne7 months ago Many many thanks for this hub. It looks like Sunday is not gonna be any 'day of rest' for me. I'm in the classroom for the day now, absorbing and learning.kimh0396 months ago Thanks frog.  I'll bookmark this so whenever I find out how to find the articles I bookmarked, I can check out some of the great links you're got here.  Love your pic.George Blumberg6 months ago Great article! I am getting busy reading hubs you mentioned. Thanks!mynameiszigi6 months ago Thanks FD....You Hubs are a real treat to read.Research Analyst6 months ago Thanks this is really helpful. You rock!bayoulady6 months ago Thank you for this hub with such ecellent resources all on one page. I will definitely bookmark this, and of couse RATE UP.frogdropping5 months ago Thankyou both - I hope it was of some help!Dr. Squiggles5 months ago Hi! I'm new here on Hubpages and (probably like many others) have spent a lot of time reading and looking around.  Thanks for putting this Hub together!  I will definitely book mark it!...Of course I should probably get to writing something at some point as well!Autumn Lynn6 weeks ago This hub is now front and center in my quest for Hub Pages knowledge. I am new and trying to learn all I can. Like everyone else here has said--this hub is a great place to start/continue learning. You have done us all a great service by writing this one. Thank you.JD Barlow3 weeks ago Great information! I've added this to my favorites. Now to get reading.Leah Whitehorse8 days ago Another newbie here. I just wanted to say thanks for this hub. I now have a huge list of reading material. I appreciate the thought that has gone into this and the support for new members. Thanks fo the inspiration!L.L. Woodard4 days ago My thanks as a hubber newbie also. It's a great community here by and large and your helpful hub is an example.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites100frogdroppingHubPages EliteFrom The Big Pond1502 Followers234 HubsJoined 20 months agoRead more hubs by frogdroppingContact frogdroppingFollow frogdroppingSubscribe to frogdropping's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk frogdropping a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsIs it ok to use hubpages as a format for creative writing, a la short story fiction or poetry?asked by Audacious Shelley 7 months ago9 answersAnswer this questionIs It true that your hub score falls a few numbers- two, three points - whenever you edit your hub?asked by ss sneh 7 months ago10 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsFrequently Asked "Stupid" HubPages Questionsby relache10 tips for Hub Newbiesby DraxCapsulesby darksideHubpages and Questions from a New Hubberby ladyjane1How Hubscore Worksby darksideHow to Succeed on HubPagesby KristenGrace Advice and Tips for New Hubbers ForumTopicRepliesA noob's first successful weekposted by eshwar_198919How best to merge your website with HubPagesposted by RealityBomb65 Things I Have Learned in One Month at HubPages ....posted by bogerk38Post a new topic2 more topics Tagshubpages make money online adsense writing online hubpages help how to hub Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.92 sec)  working