10 Must Haves For A WriterHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   Get Paid To WriteAll TopicsBooks, Literature, and WritingHow to WriteHow to Get PublishedGetting Published10 Must Haves For A Writer10 Must Haves For A Writer82rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Rebecca E.A Writer's Needs.. From Editing to Blogging to PublishingThe Ten Must Haves a Writer Needs to Be Successful:Below is a list of the10 must havesyou'll need to have or do to publish a book. It's not so much a how to publish a book, but how to write a good book which in turn, will allow you to become a published author. It also will in some cases allow you to get more money for your work.Some you've already done, if you've written a hub, you've already published. It that sort fo thing that makes a difference. So without anymore delay, here are the ten things you'll need.A Good EditorThis is a must, I don't believe anyone can edit anything by themselves. This being said, I understand that writers do get better over time but still it is advised to work with an editor. In fact, it is a must. There are many people who can edit. I am not one of them, as many of you can plainly tell. Yes it may cost you some money, but in the long run a better edited manuscript will get more money. A Paradox I know but still.A Great Literary AgentThey know contracts, they know what can and can not be negotiated, we as novices don't. For myself, it is important to get someone else to read any contract sI have to read. A person who knows the ins and outs of the industry are a must. A Blog Which They Write OnThis I would argue is a basic need, but there are so many authors and would-be authors who don't have a blog. Bad move, in this time frame, not having a blog is akin to missing an important plot line at the end of a novel. Write a blog, write a hub, get your online presence going.A Personal LibraryGo to amazon.This is simple and important. This is valuable. Build this library. For my own library there is grammar books and history books. Can you guess how often i refer to them? I also recommend taking an online creative writing course, or a writing course in general, as they normally recommend a lot of books that can come in handy while writing. I like both gotham writing classes, and writers online workshops.A Name In The Online World Such as Hub PagesAgain, go to hubpages. Get an account and begin to write hubs, as often as you can is best. Duchess O'Blunt, Leslie Saunders Dohn 121 are some great hubbers to watch for in the writing forums. There are tons of others, make good use of them. There are other social networking sites to go to as well, but they take a bit of online marketing knowledge to work with.A Good Sense Of HumorI can't say how often I can make fun of my own shortcoming in writing, it helps especially when the going is at its hardest.A Great Sense of NetworkingWrite comments on people's hubs, tell people about other good hubbers, write on blogs, respond to emails in a timely manner. Write and write and write some more. Yes you need to write on others hubs, but also on your own. This provides a link to your profile and to some of your hubs.A Strong Writing EthicThis is a job, especially if this is something you want to make a career out of. You need to make it a job. I know sound hard, but it is true. Are you a writer? Do you want to be a writer? Prove it.I Know this sound harsh, but it is true at some point you either write and work on your work or you don't. If you find other things to do (such as video games) you aren't writing now are you?Good Friends Who'll Tell The TruthA Must. If my friends won't read my work and can't find teh tiem to read it, well there is a problem right? They need to tell me that my writing is horrible from time to time.Confidence In Themselves... But Not EGO!It's your writing and you need to be proud of it. At the same time you need to be honest, it can use some work and some one else might know better than you.Top 10 books to read before you dieI found picking just 10 books for my list of: top 10 books to read before you die, a daunting task. I mean there are just so many great books out there. The ones I ended up with are more than just great, they...Writing 101: Is Writing Dangerous to Mental Health?I was recently reading a book by one of my favorite authors, C.S. Lewis, who died more than forty years ago. I'm deep into A Grief Observed, and then it struck me, as how passionate this man was, and yet,...Writing 101:How Writing Changed My life Writing changed my life, I was unobservant, and unaware and felt that writing was a cool way to pass time. Easy really, I just had to read and mimic. It wasn't hard... or so I thought. I was once a person...A to Z Guide for Hubpages Beginners and Intermediate...This is actually a bold move of making a hub about improving the hubbing experience of the so-called rookies, newbies, newcomers or starters of HubPages. I hope I have the honor to share my ideas for I...Hubpages Help - A Reading List For New HubbersNew Hubber? Then come and work your way through this hublist of who and what to read first. It will save you some time when you're lost and set you on the right track, re hubbing. A win win situation.ProBlogger.CommunityEssays in the art of writingAmazon Price: $14.54List Price: $22.75100 Ways to Improve Your Writing (Mentor)Amazon Price: $2.58List Price: $6.99On Writing Well, 30th Anniversary Edition: The Classic Guide to Writing NonfictionAmazon Price: $7.01List Price: $14.99Writing Tools: 50 Essential Strategies for Every WriterAmazon Price: $5.99List Price: $12.99One Year to a Writing Life: Twelve Lessons to Deepen Every Writer's Art and CraftAmazon Price: $9.15List Price: $15.95The Book on Writing: The Ultimate Guide to Writing WellAmazon Price: $11.41List Price: $18.95Writing Magic: Creating Stories that FlyAmazon Price: $2.05List Price: $5.99UnjournalingAmazon Price: $11.72List Price: $12.95Writing Fiction For DummiesAmazon Price: $11.07List Price: $19.99200 Writing PromptsAmazon Price: $1.99Publish a book?? well that isn't hard, as long as you remeber that you can make money writing, but that takes a bit of time and an online creative writing course or three!So from literary agents, to a personal library to online writing courses, you've got a good start to becoming a great writer.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome Beautiful Writing and Money: Money 101: I'm Sorry but I have a Money Obsession... or I am obsessed with Money!Writing and Money: Is Ghost Writing a Good Way to Make Money?CommentsScott.Life14 months ago You are a valuable resource for new Writers Rebecca. I appreciate the nod, I guess I'll need to get off my rear and write some more.Rebecca E.14 months ago Scott, so are you!  Thanks for the compliment!juneaukid14 months ago Good, solid advice. Getting an agent is the catch.RNMSN14 months ago way to go Rebecca!! thank you...I will do the 30 hubs in 30 days challenge again...that was really good for me, I didnt guite make it (28) but it made me focus just as you said, write write write and oh yes write!Now how did you know I was playing mahjong last night instead of working on my current hub?  hmmmm? :) love to you and thank you...shall we call you writer kratchet then?Rebecca E.14 months ago Thanks once again, and yes RNMSN, I to am guilty of guilty pleasures such as video games some times, but as a reward...Army Infantry Mom14 months ago This is great information,..editing is important,..hoping my daughter will catch on to it,..LOL. Networking is my biggest for my niche,..I have come along way because of it.nicomp14 months ago Great advice. Every writer better have an advanced sense of humor and a thick skin. Somebody will always be unhappy with your work. And somebody will fall in love with your work. The latter category might include only your parents, but it's a start.fastfreta14 months ago What good advice Rebecca, this is a must for my bookmarking library.  I appreciate what you said about editing your own work.  When I began on hubpages, my writing was atrocious, because I would just write and publish immediately, but I since learned to be patient, and let my hubs sit,and marinate, sometimes a day or two and read and reread them constantly, before I publish.  And I do find errors, that I would have otherwise let slip through.  It's nothing like reading a badly written article to turn you off.  Even though I am not a writer of sorts, I am an avid reader, and I know good and bad writing.  Oops, what am I doing here, writing a hub.  Sorry!  Very good hub!dohn12114 months ago Great job pointing out all of these tips, Rebecca.  Thank you again for sharing.SimeyC14 months ago A lot of great information here - as a 'writer' one of the things I neglect most is 'networking' - in the internet world that means writing blog entry after blog entry!Ghost3214 months ago Rebecca, I totally agree with your list.  Of course, since I've beat my head against a couple of walls decade after decade--and found absolutely zero success in coming up with either an editor or a literary agent in the past 50 years of (admittedly intermittent) trying...I'm clearly "not a writer".Ah, well.  I'm building an earthbag home bare handed and single handed (my version of video games, I guess) so couldn't qualify at the moment, anyway.  But I'm glad to MEET a writer!Time to go Fan you!sangnad14 months ago good tips...thanks!SwiftlyClean14 months ago Thanks for all the tips, that should polish me up alot.Gemsong14 months ago excellent list. Now to find an editor. (trembling in terror)Aya Katz14 months ago Rebecca, these are all good tips. However, I would not necessarily count on friends to read what you write. Some will, and some definitely won't. This does not mean they are not good friends. Some people have trouble reading, but they are not necessarily bad people or bad friends. Others read just fine, but they are afraid to criticize. Give them their space. They may be good friends in other ways. Finally, people who are not close friends may turn out to be better readers with exactly the sorts of constructive criticism you need.Lissa Lynn14 months ago Great hub! As an aspiring author, I definitely agree with everything you said. That's why I just write to write. About pretty much anything. And reading is good, too.  I call it studying the masters at work. :) Thanks for this very helpful hub!febriedethan14 months ago Thank you! I learn a lot from this hub and have already bookmarked it! Thank you for these helpful tips :)Dink9614 months ago Valuable tips...I would write more blogs, but my Creative Writing college class is keeping me pretty busy these days!Chad A Taylor14 months ago Good adviceFilipino girls14 months ago All your suggestions have been notedelliot.dunn14 months ago i liked what you said about having a good sense of humor especially when it comes to not taking yourself to seriously as a writer. course that's often done in mock humility i.e. Anne Bradstreet's "The Author to Her Book".  she pretends her book of poetry is poor but she knows she's the stuff.  thanks for sharing these helpful tips!Destined To Win14 months ago I really enjoyed reading this hub directed to the "new writer." Great tips and duly noted.Rebecca E.14 months ago thanks to all for you comments, I can barely keep up.  I try to have a sense of humor when teh rejections slips begint o pile up, not one of them says the same thing... can't please everyone!Rob Dee14 months ago Good advice. One thing that you didn't mention is leaving your comfort zone i.e. writing about a subject that you're not familiar with. I've found that this helps a lot with my researching skills....RobRebecca E.14 months ago Rob Deee, that's the one thing I would put as #11, as most new writers fear it, but still writing out of your comfort is vital.  It helped me a lot as well.johntriggerman14 months ago Blogs indeed help in getting the word out about your writing stints and portfolio, so create a very good one.Johnhttp://www.colinklinkert.com/finding-good-joint-vesabbatha114 months ago Good solid advice. I just started writing hubs. I am an excellent writer but having trouble generating the income from hubbing.Rebecca E.14 months ago sabbatha1,that will take time, but the more good hubs you have teh better it will be.khmohsin14 months ago Good thinking , knowledge as well this is great approach fro writers.Autumn Conley14 months ago I just wanted to thank you for recommending "a good editor." I am a freelance writer by heart and a full-time freelance book editor by career, so I know the value of it. I work with writers all over the world who are great writers but benefit from a second set of eyes. It can be expensive if you aren't careful, but if you look hard enough, you will find affordable, great editors that can really make a manuscript shine before you ever submit it to a publisher or agent. And if anyone needs one, I always only charge $1 a page! autiej@gmail.comsanty1814 months ago this has helped me out tremendously thsnk youRebecca E.14 months ago It's important to have an editor any editor will do to begin with and i should know my editing skills aren't well.  we all know that answer.Duchess OBlunt14 months ago Rebecca, you have shared many great hubs and many great ideas.  I like #1 and #2 here.  But that generally only happens when you do think of writing as a job and you do prove your own work ethics.  Good hub, great tips.Thanks again for sharingRebecca E.14 months ago This is true, but numbers 1 and 2 always seem to come up don't they?Loyce: aka Hattie Eaton14 months ago Great writing, Rebecca.I write everyday. My first novel is being sold on-line at BarnesandNoble.com and Amazon.com. Actually, it was fluke at being bought and promoted. It has inspired me to write another novel. I am hoping to get good at writing. I did not have an editor for the first one. I can't afford one, yet. I hope I can afford someone to represent me before I finish the novel I am working on now. I do believe it will be better. I will be editing my web page to include an excerpt of Serving up the Soul at the Kitchen Table, this afternoon.Laura du Toit14 months ago Good advice. Thanks for sharing.Cheeky Girl14 months ago Hy Rebecca E,Thanks for these great tips. I consider myself an aspiring writer. I am strongly thinking of sending my finished book to LULU.com and getting published that way, and through selling an ebook version of my novel. Has anyone ever done this before and been successful? Just wondering.I have been in HubPages for about 2 months now. Much appreciated!Rebecca E.14 months ago I've used lulu myself recently, and UNLESS you've had a following and this can be a easily marketed book not so great anymore, it's a case of grown to fast to soon and they have a great marketing plan.Create A space for now is a bit better.BookFlame14 months ago You are right with your list. Thanks very much.ratnaveera14 months ago Very interesting and useful Hub! Every hubber can follow all of your given tips to become a successful writer online! Thank you very much!jbryant2214 months ago thanks for the info... great hubPatrick wood14 months ago Nice one, A hub for all writers, Good points. Yeah every writer don't have every quality, as i don't have  Great Sense of Networking. I don't like to talk allot or joining groups but i want to get success i need to get it too. Few tips on that ??emievil14 months ago Great advices Rebecca. Just started on my blog (still building it up) but I have to agree with you there, wasn't really comfortable being a writer and not having one. Thanks for the hub!Rebecca E.14 months ago Patrick-- it's reallt trial and error.  I've learnt that over the many years I've been writingEmievil-- blgo are fun but teh same holds true as in hubs, many and good quality and time.tinarathore8414 months ago thanks for the tips. well, you keep reminding some lazy writers like me...we must keep writing. thanks.Uninvited Writer14 months ago All great advice, thanks :)poetlorraine14 months ago very helpful hub thankssimply_jeyd14 months ago thanks for the great info!Ultimate Hubber14 months ago I am writing a book and think I better work on acquiring these ten.Thank you for writing this. :)crazybeanrider14 months ago Good advice, especially the writing work ethic. That is most important. You can sit at the computer all day, but if you aren't actually writing your getting nowhere.crazybeanrider14 months ago I loved the photo by the way!babylon6914 months ago why would a writer need a blog or hubs??.......and how would one GET a blog site?Smireles14 months ago Very good advice for writers. I occasionally have to remind myself that writers WRITE! Thanks for the advice.Rebecca E.14 months ago okay babylon69:  Easy, because surf teh net if you're out "there" somebody will go back and find your writing and then your hubs, and by default, you, and you book which is listed on amazon.You can get a blog easily by going to google and writing blog, there is for free blogger, and wordpress and for a small fee tyepad, which will be a starting platform.  just google it!James14 months ago Getting blogger is a good thing, and I like the other points on this list, but I must say it does go well with your book list, another excellent hub, rebeccababylon6914 months ago thank you , this makes sense, I will try it.awesome hub ...........keep it upLaura_10114 months ago The first and probably the most essential thing I will read right this moment.Rebecca E.14 months ago hi Laura 101, keep up the good work and thanks for the compliment!Artemus Gordon14 months ago Thanks for these tips. I wrote a lot back in school but had got out of the habit over the years. I have been trying to get it going again and have some ideas I would like to make into books.iqbal8814 months ago Nicewomen in business14 months ago Nice article.Web has opened a new avenue for writers. On web everything need to be conveyed through words.atm333614 months ago I'm bookmarking this as soon as I'm finished sending you my comments..Thanks for the next step and as I hear my video games in the backround I'm writing to the soundtrack now..=) please check out my hubs from time to time so I could recieve some wanted constructive critism..AliRebecca E.14 months ago beep beep beep goes my video games some days as well=)  I'm adictted to soundtracks on my computer as well.MorganEllis14 months ago Verry good read and pleasure reading your hubs.Thanksreymund14 months ago hi rebecca, you are really an inspiration. i am starting to like you. i have book marked 2 of your inspiring articles.you are absolutely greatChris Crow14 months ago It sure would be nice to have a literary agent. :)  But first I have to get a manuscript finished!Real Estate Lady14 months ago Great hub, rebecca. Thanks for the info.scheng114 months ago Love this short and sweet hubRichard Armen14 months ago At some point in my life I would love to publish a book.MaryElena14 months ago I'm with you Richard...someday.  Thanks for all the tips.Rebecca E.14 months ago Don't worry I am sure you will both of you, Richard Amen and Mary Elena!heydave14 months ago I think a trait that good writes have is showing their own personality and for me, the more unique the better.loveislam14 months ago very goodBruce Elkin14 months ago Excellent piece. Short, informative, to the point. Very helpful. I especially liked he stress on "writer's ethic". Just do it!  Thanks!Maraiya Storm14 months ago I'm a professional editor and proofreader. Yes, writers do need editors. I don't understand why a writer would want to publish an article that is full of misspellings and grammatical errors. This makes an article unclear and hard to read. I think that most writers feel they cannot afford to hire someone to edit all of their articles, or they don't know where to find an editor. I'm more focused on writing now. I love writing articles. I've written 27 articles for ehow so far and 5 for Hub Pages. I am trying to write faster and more often. I struggle to find time to network. I wonder how much money I will end up making, too. If anyone out there is making decent supplemental income from Hub Pages, I'd like to hear about it. Interesting what you said about lulu. I was thinking that maybe it was a good place to publish a book. Is Amazon still a good place to publish a book? I have a friend on ehow who is trying to figure out how to get her book published. What you said about needing an agent is important, also. People have no idea about agents or where to find them, me included. How much does an agent charge, anyway? Regarding commenting on a friend's writing, this is tough. You don't want to hurt their feelings or get them angry with you if you give them any constructive criticism. Personally, I'd feel very uncomfortable with it; unless, from what they said to me, I was sure that I could be honest. I would certainly be tactful if I did help a friend with writing advice. Thanks for the interesting hub.Vizey14 months ago Its true that no matter how good we are as a writer but we always need an editor besides us to point out the mistake..sometimes we don't find mistakes in our writeups.. nice tip...thanks :)exellentte14 months ago Good tips thanks. Guys visit www.hubpages/author/exellentte.I am a young writer and need ur encouragementcashmere14 months ago phenomenal advice...i am working on becoming a writer :)uliveulearn14 months ago I am a newbie and have lots to learn.  Thanks for the tips.Rebecca E.14 months ago writing is great but for me an editor is better.the rope14 months ago Just do it!  Great advice, thanks...Elusen14 months ago Love it, nice list!LittleWing14 months ago Thank you for the advice!!I'm about to click on the 'A to Z Guide...'right now, because I just joined Hub a few minutes ago.God BlessRebecca E.14 months ago good luck, little wing !Rebecca E.14 months ago Thanks to the many emails who suggested I add a few of my favortie amazon books here they are.samsungbeholdt91914 months ago great hub, thxdrkankles14 months ago My favorite is a friend who tells the truth.  If your lucky you have one friend who will tell you when you have written well or more importantly when you have written poorly.Rebecca E.14 months ago I actually have three of them, and boy dot hey tell it like it is, a bit more than I'd like sometimes, but helpful none the less.Dawn Curio Psyche14 months ago Advising one to post comments on what they read is quite a good idea! I would have absolutely not thought of it if you hadn't said that. With all I've already read as a new Hub-er, and no Hubs yet, it would help my name get around if I comment on everything I've read so far.Rebecca E.14 months ago this works for both you and the person you are commenting on, also hit teh share it button and tell people with your network.These are great ways to get your name around.Rebecca E.14 months ago IS there anything else that should be in this top ten?John13 months ago I think a basic knowledge of writing is a good thing to have as well.  If you don't have it why bother writing?John13 months ago I'll also add a bit of luck is involved in the whole process.  This is greatRebecca E.13 months ago luck luck and a good title.J  Rosewater13 months ago I would have put the section about getting a literary agent last. They are almost as impossible to get as publishers. They rarely let newbie writers in the door. As we speak, there are 800,000 writers trying to show their manuscripts to any one who will look at them. No one will. Self-publishing on Lulu is dead easy - anyone can do it... and they do! But nobody reads them. The bulk of self-published books sell less than a 100 copies. About 3 out of 10,000 self published books sell over 1000 copies, and most of those are non-fiction.Rebecca E.13 months ago It is the very thng the is the prime paradox, do we go to a literary agent to get a larger traditional publsiher to look when most agents... well don't have time to get out of the slush pile...then there is self-publishing... and J Rosewater you are right.s0126phoenix13 months ago Alot of help, thank you!BEAUTYBABE13 months ago Hi RebeccaWhat a beautiful name. I have a niece called Rebecca and she is beautiful also. She was my flower girl when she was three. I see you have so many comments you may not even notice me. I have been in about eight or so weeks. I am not a writer, in fact, I am a professional singer, but because I have picked up a terminal illness along the path of life, sorry that is my warped sense of humour, I needed to find something else to do when I couldn't stand without a walking stick and my tremors were so noticeable that I wasn't able to do solo work. I stumbled on hubpages, and like I said I am not a writer, but some people have indicated that I might be a bit talented in that regard. I loved your hubs, I have read several, particularly the one about how to become a writer.I started a course at the Aust. College of Education in Copy Editing and Proofreading. However, I had to stop because I wasn't well enough to keep up. I learned about all these different types of signs you draw to indicate to the writer when they have to change various things, such as if they have left a letter out, or if you want to put in an extra word, it was quite fascinating. sorry, I am going on a bit. Anyway, I have fanned you as well as writing this comment. I would love it if you could tell me what you think of some of my hubs. I just published my 25th, I have four poems as well as some stories, some fiction and some non fiction. Glad to have met you. God Bless  BBRebecca E.13 months ago Beauty babe, I certainly will.donna bamford13 months ago Again an excellent hub and I see I have a lot to learn.  Thanks for the information and advice.  A bit daunting butI'll follow your advice  Merry Christmas!Rebecca E.13 months ago donna-- good luck in your work.  I am certain to see you published soon.AuthorLMS12 months ago This is good to know as I plan on publishing a book. Thanks for sharing. Good information.Rebecca E.12 months ago AuthorLMS-- I am certain you will, keep up the good writign and you will.junv12 months ago i say this is cool ;)keep up writing, have a nice day.^^Rebecca E.12 months ago junv-- many thanks, glad it's cool =)L. Andrew Marr12 months ago A pen?A journal?A notebook?^^^Any of the above...Rebecca E.12 months ago L Andrew Marr-- these go without saying... I also have seen those suggested in other hubs, so didn't want to state what has already been stated (dohn 121 for example did a great hub on pens journals and notebooks for writers.)free ubuntu now11 months ago All great advice, but my favorite is work ethic, or Sweat Equity. We can't succeed without it. Many writer's write a great work, then become a recluse. Look at J.D. Salinger, who wrote Catcher In The Rye. He put in the time or sweat equity to write a bestseller and removed himself from society. We appreciate him regardless.Rebecca E.11 months ago free ubuntu now-- work ethic is one that I belive people forget, even now.  You are correct about JD Salinger, very much so.shabarigirish11 months ago Great tips Rebeca.Lots of things to learn from all your hubs. This hubs is a must read hub for all who wants to build their writing career. New writer should definitely consider a good editor.Rebecca E.11 months ago shabarigirish--- why thank you for that kind comment, meanss a lot!  yes an editor is a must.  I don't think anyone argues that one!Adam10 months ago I love this site. I get so much from coming here. I am always learning something new and I don't get that from every site that I look at. thanskyellowstonegirl10 months ago Excellent points!Rebecca E.10 months ago Adam-- there is always more where that came from when I write!Rebecca E.10 months ago yellowstonegirl-- you are welcome.parrster10 months ago OK. Check list.1. A Good Editor - you mean I gotta spend money as well as time *sigh*2. A Great Literary Agent - I'm Tryin, I'm tryin' already! Somebody, anybody...3. A Blog Which They Write On - Yippee, I'm on the board.4. A Personal Library - Umm, do my children's books count.5. A Name In The Online World Such as Hub Pages - read it and weep - http://hubpages.com/hub/Terrors-Child-part-16. A Good Sense Of Humor - if you've smiled so far, yes!7. A Great Sense of Networking - OK, so now I've gotta communicate... shesh.8. A Strong Writing Ethic - definitely, I've been writing this comment for two hours already, with only six breaks too.9. Good Friends Who'll Tell The Truth - I have a choleric spouse, (they're brutal)10. Confidence In Themselves... But Not EGO! - I have no confidence in EGO whatsoever.Thanks for the hub :)Rebecca E.10 months ago parster--- love it love it loveit... of course this means i've got to look at your writing!Great Diadem10 months ago A good hub you've got here, somehow i have this feeling in me that i am going to write a remarkable book someday but each time i start I hardly finish chapter one. Can you encourage and advise me, I know i have writing capabilities because i have written things that moved people. You can glance thru my few hubs and evaluate me okay. ThanksRebecca E.10 months ago Great Diadem-- I am certain you'll gett hat book out, and yes I know you'll succeed, of course I'll look at your work.Mystique195710 months ago My moonshine...It is wonderful, it is great to see how much you devote to helping people! You are an angel, honey!  Having you on Hubpages IS a blessing! I am so happy I stopped by!Warmest hugs, kisses, love, light and a zillion blessings,AlRebecca E.10 months ago Hi Al-- I am soo gald to see you here, it means soo much to me on this hub of mine.  Of course this is by far my most favorite hub so there you go!Petra Vlah7 months ago I am totally surprised to see that you did not mention Talent as being the first requirement at the very top of the 10 must have list.I agree with some of the must have you listed, but without Talent, nothing will work; editing can only do that much, friends may have good intentions but little experience as literary critics, taking writing courses or reading books to learn techniques is helpful Only if a person already have what it takes to be a writer  we going back to the sensitive subject of Talent.As I said many times before, cogito ergo sum does not parallel I write, therefore I am a writerRebecca E.7 months ago Petra-- in this case, I looked at teh "what" any writer needed, beyond simply talent and hard work, as a lot of talented writers do not want to edit or rewrite, and yes it is also a very touchy subject the talent thing, I suspect the talent of people will always show them the way... but yes your comment is true-- I write therefore i am a writer does not make it so.Dave Sibole4 months ago I wish I had more time to read all of your how to articles as well as others you recommend but I try to budget my time so that I do get some writing done. Another great Hub. Thanks Rebecca E.Rebecca E.4 months ago Dave-- you've got allt eh time int eh world, take it, and I am happy to help out in anyway I can!original0102 months ago I like your style, you give information in such an easy way that makes people able to understand and follow.Rebecca E.2 months ago original-- I try to keep it simple becuase I also know that I make it complex I'd get confused as well.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites98Rebecca E.From Canada2310 Followers193 HubsJoined 17 months agoRead more hubs by Rebecca E.Contact Rebecca E.Follow Rebecca E.Subscribe to Rebecca E.'s RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Rebecca E. a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat is the best method to publish a poetry book online (for free of cost)?asked by gulnazahmad 4 weeks ago1 answerAnswer this questionDo I need an editor or a publisher first for my book?asked by Liz P 21 months ago8 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsDo I need an Editor or a Publisher first for my Book?by SmirelesSubmitting to Publishersby nlthomasWriter's Market 2011: A Freelance Writer's Best Resource...by ProfoundPunsHow to Get Your Novel Published: eBooksby Marisa WrightPublishing a Book: Manuscripts and Copyrights and...by Rebecca E.How to Publish A Short Story AKA Where Do I Sell My Storiesby yoshi97 Getting Published ForumTopicRepliesThe wrtier within youposted by mizzjanique2929Woohoo my Hubpages book now on Amazon!posted by cindyvine47Professional Editposted by Ken R. Abell4Post a new topic1 more topic Tagsmoney writing hubpages hubs social networking writer Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.338 sec)  working