About the Haiku and Life of the Japanese Samurai Warrior : Bamboo Poems.HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   Get Paid To WriteAll TopicsBooks, Literature, and WritingPoems and PoetryHaikuAbout the Haiku and Life of the Japanese Samurai Warrior : Bamboo Poems.About the Haiku and Life of the Japanese Samurai Warrior : Bamboo Poems.84rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy PearldiverPride of appearence and style. See all 13 photosLooking good was important for showing one's confidence and personal attributes. Same Today.Common Battle Dress. The handmade armor had metal plates woven into it in an effort to minimise damage to the warrior. But a musket ball would pass right through it.The Katana was the Samurai. The tempered steel of the blade was made up of as many as 300 folds, thus giving strength and style to the soul within.Words of the Master Samurai.The Book of Five Rings (The Way of the Warrior Series)Amazon Price: $11.01List Price: $19.00The Book of Five RingsAmazon Price: $10.33List Price: $18.00A Book of Five Rings: The Classic Guide to StrategyAmazon Price: $10.07List Price: $14.95The Complete Book of Five RingsAmazon Price: $10.16List Price: $17.95Changing times for a Samurai.The Japanese Samurai were arguably the greatest warriors in modern history; living their entire life by the Code of Bushido; the samurai code of honor. About the Haiku and Life of the Japanese Samurai Warrior : Bamboo Poems; by Pearldiver gives a glimpse of another side of the state of being a Samurai. In feudal Japan, the country was effectively ruled by warlords (Diamyo) who independently served the Emperor, yet collectively served the emperor's choice of Shogun. The Shogun was the most powerful entity and was endorsed by the emperor as being the ultimate military leader; based on his ability to control, his background, courage, victories and strategic planning abilities. Each Samurai was trained from birth to be a professional fighting unit; along with learning of culture, arts and social protocol. To be a Samurai, one could not be a landowner, unless they had reached the status of diamyo. Yet a Samurai held the power of life or death over landowners, villagers and subordinates. Being a Samurai was to be completely loyal to their leader (daimyo) and to pledge their life and lifetime to the achievement of the Daimyo's objectives. Honor was paramount to a Samurai's life and as such; dishonor ultimately meant death; which was often self administered in a ceremony called Seppuku. The Samurai was required to 'open his belly' with his wakizashi; the shorter of the two swords that he carried. In this way, his death was as honorable as if he had died in battle. If he was required to commit seppuku, the Samurai was able to have a friend decapitate him with his katana; the longer sword; if it was felt the pain was such that he cried out. To a Samurai, death in the service of his master was the ultimate act of honor. The Samurai's most prized possessions were his daisho (swords), his kabuto (battle helmet) and his personal body armor. Samurai's were known by their elaborate dress, strength of character and highly focused mastery of the martial arts. When the Portuguese introduced the musket to warring factions in Japan; this single act brought about a complete change in the ethics of battle and heralded the end of those who refused to adapt to the new ways; which were though effective; regarded as being a less than honorable way of war. Until muskets, Japanese development had been backed through the power of the sword and highly trained warriors. With the musket, even unskilled villagers could beat the best trained warriors in battle. War had become less personal and the old ways of the Samurai warriors were destined to take their place in history. The Japanese love of the beauty of their surroundings was of equal importance to the men who devoted their lives to war. In peace times many samurai took up the arts, writing and teaching; to fill their time. Below are Haiku verse for aspects of life that may have applied to the many who found peace a time to reflect.  Please..... Enjoy.Status was worn throughout. Always being prepared was key to a samurai's survival. However, before a battle, they also prepared for an honorable death.Thoughts of: Preparedness.Bathed and top knot setA head fragrant so not to offend;The master of katana.oooOoooShitabi, armor and daishoMay only seasons temper my wakizashi;Death always within reach. State your name and village. It was a custom in battle to tell your opponent who you are and where you come from and visa versa, before attacking eachother. In this way, battles were a personal statement of your reputation; while also serving to honor your opponent.Thoughts of: Battle.Your name and villageDeath honors all who meet my courage;We each serveone outcome. Ten thousand fight as oneBanners speak of fate; read the omen;Blood red sky over these landsA clash of different cultures. The Japanese found that the Portugese had an aversion to bathing daily and were astonded that Portugese missionaries did not support their preaching that cleanliness was equal to Godliness.Thoughts of: New change.Foreigners come by seaNo devine wind will sink boats;But that of change.oooOoooStrange western waysThat to bath; is not in style;Yet speak of culture.Kubuki: An act of no words. Kubuki theatre was a social event in which the male actors played all roles within the story set in music; without words.Thoughts of Kabuki.What role plays you snakeKabuki treachery or enemy within;Your presence felt always.Peace times were hard for the samurai warriors. Trained for warfare; the thought of battle is never far from the warriors mind. Change was also hard to counter.Thoughts of: Future battles.Oh times of peaceWe long for the tanquility of war;Stone gardens too complex.oooOoooSwift cold winds of changeAll seasons now seem blended into one;Katana be swifter than musket.Okita of the tea house: Utamaru Thoughts of: Okita.I remember your smellHeat and taste ofcarressingtouch;Okita; this tea so intense.The tranquility of home scenes. Like anyone visions of home held special place in the lives and thoughts of the samurai.Thoughts of: Tenryu River.Tears of distant hillsBlunt broken stones to unknown destiny;Go; flow to your sea.Friendship of one's peers. Popularity and friendship ensured that in battle your back was covered from attack.Thoughts of: Honored friends.Faces of good friends lostSaki cries out; finishing jokes made;In battle we laugh again.oooOoooI remember you TanakaYour kabuto worn again by a son;Quick of mind, like you.Solitary skills equal survival. It was said that the ability to rise above adverse conditions made the worth a Samurai that of 100 basic fighting men. Old age was not a reason to abandon the strength and skills of a Samurai.Thoughts of: Growing old.Snow showers scar tired wingsBlue clouds draw strength of will no more;Rise wings; above all storms.oo0ooTake me to a battle; This growing old is far too tameSamurai don't wait to die.ooo0oooNew Kindle Readers on Sale.Kindle Wireless Reading Device, Free 3G, 6" Display, White - 2nd GenerationAmazon Price: $189.00Kindle DX Wireless Reading Device, Free 3G, 3G Works Globally, Graphite, 9.7" Display with New E Ink Pearl TechnologyAmazon Price: $379.00 Thank you for reading this work.  I hope it has helped to understand parts of the life of the Samurai of ancient Japan.  Pearldiver.The greatest change in war.The Portuguese in feudal Japan, came selling Christianity, Muskets and Trading Goods. Never again would the lives and deaths of the Samurai in warfare, be one of personally greeting their opponents in battle in an honorable face to face manner. The use of muskets meant that a traditional Samurai's opponent changed that long standing custom; with a musket ball fired from the distance, at an unknown and now disadvantaged warrior.They said that a Samurai was as elegant as cherry blossom petals and in some ways, as fragile; in that it only took one a single storm to destroy the balance. That storm was the effect of change brought about by the power of the gun, over opponents who could not counter it's effectiveness, without giving up their honorable ways.  Haiku was written extensively by the Japanese Samurai Warriors and it served as a release to men who were expected to maintain a stern order over others.  The Samurai by social position alone; carried with him the power of life or death over his subordinates.  The beauty of Japanese Haiku verse is emphasized within the writings of the old masters, many of whom lived and died as members of the Samurai Code.  The Book of 5 Rings (available via clicking on the Amazon books below) is compulsory reading if you have a passion for this amazing warrior creed or are learning any Martial Art. Thank you for reading this work and in that way allowing the spirit of the Samurai to live on.Pearldiver.An Opportunity to Learn and Earn:If you have any articles you would like written and published professionally then contact the author above and discuss what is involved. Or even better; why don't you learn the skills of Online Writing by joining this site via the Link Here and you will also have the benefit of earning extra income if you write well. If you've never written before it doesn't matter; because once you have learnt how to write your articles properly; you will find that people from all over the world will be wanting to read your work. Learn to Write Today. Copyright 2009 - 2010 Pearldiver nzpol with all rights reserved.Wood Block Prints For Sale.Japanese Woodblock Prints: Artists, Publishers and Masterworks: 1680 - 1900Amazon Price: $32.94List Price: $49.95Japanese Woodblock Prints Museum of Fine arts, Boston Wall Calendar 2011Amazon Price: $22.99Japanese Woodblock Prints 2011 Wall CalendarAmazon Price: $13.99The True Samurai Code.The Samurai Series: The Book of Five Rings, Hagakure -The Way of the Samurai & Bushido - The Soul of JapanAmazon Price: $12.82List Price: $19.95The Samurai Series: The Book of Five Rings, Hagakure - The Way of the Samurai and Bushido - The Soul of Japan (Illustrated)Amazon Price: $5.99The Book of Five Rings (The Way of the Warrior Series)Amazon Price: $11.01List Price: $19.00The Book of Five RingsAmazon Price: $3.93List Price: $7.99More Haiku by Pearldiver.Seasons of HaikuIn Haiku Poetry words are crafted to create a powerful and sensual image of the everyday things in the lives of the Japanese. Traditional Haiku emphasises that 17 Syllables only can be used to create that...Other works by Peardiver.Father of Mine: Words I Did Not Tell You.Being a father is truly a role that some men excel in and for whatever reason; some men do not. The art of fatherhood has no set measurement of love or of joy; it is weighed against what is positively learned...More Haiku and Samurai Life.Haiku of the Pearldiver: A Collection of 58 Haiku Verses To Feel, Enjoy and Share.In Haiku of the Pearldiver; A Collection of 58 Haiku Verses to Feel, Enjoy and Share; true poetic mastery is measured by the sensuality of those visual pictures that each Haiku verse paints for the reader. ...Take a Child Fishing.Life Circles: Poems of Hope: Fishing for Time.Life Circles by Pearldiver: Poems of Hope; always moving forward from its source; we are that source. There are many times that are special to a child starting out their journey of life. One of lifes...vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny (1)Awesome (1)Beautiful (3)Poetry: Seasons of Haiku : About Hope, Life and Bamboo.Poetry: Haiku-Do: The Way of Haiku: Bamboo Poems About Life.CommentsXTASIS16 months ago Good haikus ! I enjoyed reading ! Thank you !Pearldiver16 months ago Hi Xtasis, Thank you, you are most welcome. Pleased you enjoyed a little bit of history. Take Care.Candie V16 months ago Pearldiver, you always bring your topics to life for me.  I found I was remembering the old Shogun movie with Richard Chamberlain. You clarified so much for me.  Thank you!Pearldiver16 months ago Hi Candie, Dr. Kildare eh? hahaha... Do you know how long ago that was? And now You have brought him back to life. Thanks for reading this Candie & your always positive comments. Wow... if I can do that with topics... I wonder...alekhouse16 months ago I loved this, Pearldiver...the drama and the ceremony is really alluring. The Haiku and images were equally captivating. I so like Japanese drawings. So you really hooked me....Thanks so much.Clara Ghomes16 months ago hi Pearldiver,i like your hub.It is quite informative.Good keep it up.Pearldiver16 months ago Hi Alekhouse, Thank you very much, I'm glad you enjoyed this. Their lives were so structured and yet simple, so I too have always liked the old Japanese style and art. I'm sorry that I 'hooked' you on this... I usually do that with my fishing hubs. Thanks again for your positive input. Take Care.Pearldiver16 months ago Hi Clara, pleased you found it informative and enjoyed it. Thanks for checking my work out.. I will do the same with yours. Nice to meet you. Take Care.Candie V15 months ago Hmmm.... Pearldiver is that your katana under your cloak or are you just happy to see me?  *giggles*Pearldiver15 months ago Hmmm Candie.... That is Not my Katana!\Brenda Scully15 months ago think i will go to work all day tomorrow easier than the forums  what......... nice to see you any way great hub, what is a Katana if you don't mind me askingPearldiver15 months ago Hi Brenda, Thanks for reading. A Katana is the longer of the two swords that were carried by the Samurai as his primary weapon. Take care Brenda, I appreciate your comments.dohn12115 months ago I really enjoyed reading this, Pearldiver.  Thank you for this fascinating and informative hub! I've always have been intrigued by the ways of the samurai.  Seven Samurai is on my Top Ten list...Akira Kurosawa was a gift to all of us.Pearldiver15 months ago Hi dohn, Appreciate your kind comments and I'm glad you enjoyed this work. Thank you for reading this. The Samurai and whole feudal system of the 15th and 16th centuries hold a fascination for me. There was so much change in their lives during this period along with times of peace which effectively heralded the end of these professional warriors.loveofnight15 months ago i learned something today, thank you it was a good read.Pearldiver15 months ago Hi loveofnight, thanks for reading my work and your comment. I hope you learnt something from my site then; if so, I hope it was good lol. Good luck with your writing and welcome to HP. Take care.rebekahELLE15 months ago I loved reading this Pearldiver! Beautiful. The haiku is wonderful to read. I'll always remember The Last Sumurai, such an amazing movie about these dedicated warriors.Pearldiver15 months ago Hi rebekahELLE, Thank you. Yes the film The Last Samurai was a pretty good movie that was filmed in New Zealand and depicted the emmense effects of change to feudal Japan. In that movie it all related to American carbine rifles, introduced many years after the muskets which the Portuguese had changed their world. Thanks for your kind comment, I'm glad you enjoyed this work. Take care.HealthTip15 months ago Great hub man and got to say was a big Shogun fan myself, btw got that PharLap movie, truly brilliant. Cheers for pointing me to it, have a good weekend !Pearldiver15 months ago Hi Art, Cheers for reading this work And your comment. Yep Phar Lap was a good one; bred and born here and adopted by the Aussis. Take care.prasetio3014 months ago nice information. I learn much about samurai here.Pearldiver14 months ago Hello prasetio, Thank you for your comments. I'm pleased that you enjoyed this work. I enjoyed writing it and tried to cover a lot of information in this work. Take care.lyricsingray14 months ago beautiful hub - i loved the part about always being prepared, as well, before battle, being prepared for death, thanks, KimberlyPearldiver14 months ago Hi Kimberly, Glad you enjoyed it and thank you for your comment.  The way of the Samurai is one of personal and collective discipline and understanding.  We can all learn something from the way they lived. Take Care.Cagsil13 months ago Pretty cool hub. Thank you for sharing.Pearldiver13 months ago Hi Cagsil, You're Welcome. Thanks for taking the time to ead this work. Take Care.Hmrjmr113 months ago Pearldiver - Great Haiku writings, looking forward to more in your time, Bless the wind in your pen..Pearldiver13 months ago Hi Hmrjmr1, Thank you for taking the time to read this work and your kind comments. I look forward to reading your works in the near future. Take Care.emievil13 months ago It's just too bad that the samurai is a thing of the past (I think?). We, especially the politicians :), would have learned a great deal from them and their code of honor.Thanks for sharing the info PD. And thanks for the haiku. Where in Bumbletown did you learn to write such good haiku?Pearldiver13 months ago Hello Em, Thanks for reading this and your comment. Bushido: It was in many respects a code that called for total dedication excellence; so it wouldn't work for politicians. Where in BT did I learn? Bumble Town would have little appreciation of Haiku Em.. I taught myself. Take Care.emievil13 months ago "Bushido: It was in many respects a code that called for total dedication excellence; so it wouldn't work for politicians." - I knew this would be your answer. Doesn't stop me from hoping that they commit hara-kiri when they do not achieve that excellence :). Would lessen the number of corrupt politicians that we have :P. :)Pearldiver13 months ago We have them too.. And Bumble Town movers and shakers (for what they're worth.. full of their own collective set of highly questionable anomalies).Perhaps the next Bumble Town hub will show them in their true light Em? At least you can tax a certain amount of the corruption hahaha.  It takes a great deal of courage to fall on your sword Em.prettydarkhorse13 months ago hi PD, you've got a nice hub here, I am from Asia, and who wouldnt love the katana---the samurai. I enjoyed the haiku verses too. Thanks so much for the added information and for a glimpse of Japans culture, MaitaPearldiver13 months ago Hello Prettydarkhouse, Thank you.  This is a mixed bag hub. I wrote the Haiku first, but it didn't seem that I had enough content, so filled in the spaces, lol. Cheers for reading and appreciating this work. Take Care.Shelly Bryant12 months ago Wow!  what an excellent Hub.Thanks for the great information, and for the haiku.  Nicely done.Pearldiver12 months ago Hi Shelly, Thanks for reading my work and for your comments. You also have interesting works, I hope you enjoy the beauty of Asia. Take care and have a great Xmas.Money Glitch12 months ago I've always had a fascination with the Samurai Warrior! So I thoroughly enjoyed the reading of this hub. You have a unique way of bringing your poetry to life via your words and pictures.Thanks for sharing!Pearldiver12 months ago Hi MG, Thanks for reading this work. The samurai of ancient Japan lived by a relatively simple code which survived 1000 years and today is really only seen by the world via the martial arts. Every part of the 'being' is passed on including the mastery and time involved in making the katana in the exact manner as was practiced throughout time.There is much to be fascinated by and learnt from the samurai and their history.  Take care and have a great xmas MG.Cathi Sutton10 months ago Grovvie is a groovie word!Pearldiver10 months ago Hi Cathi, thanks for that and for passing on that G word. Take care.Moulik Mistry9 months ago Beautiful haikus, very well done - loved them all...Pearldiver9 months ago Hi Moulik, thank you for reading and enjoying this work. It has surprised me how much this Haiku is read lately.. it was my first attempt at writing Haiku. Take care.sophs9 months ago Great hub! And beautiful haikus. I enjoyed this, thanks for sharing :)Pearldiver9 months ago Hi sophs, thank you for reading my work and for taking the time to comment on this. I'm glad you enjoyed this hub and look forward to reading your works.  Take Care and be well.mythbuster9 months ago This is a great hub, Pearldiver. The poetry as well as historical bits are very enjoyable. Thanks for publishing.Pearldiver9 months ago Hi Mythbuster, thanks for reading this hub my friend. I'm pleased that you called by as it has made me get back to reading the hubs of those that I follow.  Hope all is well with you and I know you have alot of great reading in store for me.  See you soon.. take care.Moulik Mistry9 months ago I love samurai topics and I have watched a few samurai films by Kurosawa...Pearldiver9 months ago Hi MM, thanks for taking the time to read this work. I hope you found the hub interesting.  Take care and be well.pinkhawk8 months ago ...very interesting, I used to watch movies (like Goemon..etc) or even anime (like Samurai X) about samurai, scary and brutal but their moves are fascinating..they can be bad,they can be good depending upon their masters I think?!!Pearldiver8 months ago Hi pinkhawk, thanks for taking the time to read my works and comment.  Take care and be well.Deborah Demander7 months ago Wow. Your haiku is beautiful.Namaste.Pearldiver7 months ago Hi DD, thanks for reading these haiku. I'm glad you enjoyed this work. Take care and thanks again.Maryanne Maguire7 months ago Beautiful image above. Love their art work of all forms.Pearldiver7 months ago Hi Maryanne.. how is the surf today?  Thanks for reading this work. Traditional Japanese art is renowned for its simplicity of form, movement and beauty. Haiku alone is the simple creation of a moving mental picture in only a few well chosen words.  Good luck with your articles. Take care.Enelle Lamb7 months ago Followed your link - great hub and thoroughly enjoyed the haikus. I have always had an interest in Asian artwork and martial arts and always admired your kabuto avatar.Thanks for adding your links to the Koffee Klatch :D was awesome to see you there!Pearldiver7 months ago Hi Enelle, thanks for following the link to here. I'm glad that you enjoyed this work. I also have an interest in Asia and the amazing history and arts. Cheers for the opportunity @ Klatch, maybe we can grow it over the while. Take care Enelle.Doc Snow4 months ago Thanks for a unique Hub, pearldiver!Pearldiver4 months ago Hi Doc Snow, thanks for taking the time to read this unique hub. Glad you enjoyed it. Take Care.DarkDisOrder4 months ago This is a brilliant hub, well done...Pearldiver4 months ago Hi DarkDisOrder, thanks for taking the time to read this work and your kind comment. This is a very popular hub that gives an unexpected and accurate slant on the Samurai. Take Care.Sa`ge2 months ago Beautiful, thank you such beauty, I danced on your buttons this is truly a beauty. alohaPearldiver2 months ago Hi Sa'ge, Thanks for taking the time to read these Haiku. I'm glad that you enjoyed the verses and appreciate your kind comments.  Take Care.SpringW3 weeks ago I loved the poetry. Lets you into their minds on such a personal level. Like reading a diary in a way. ThanksPearldiver3 weeks ago Hi SpringW, thanks for reading this haiku and historical look at the Samurai, who were expected to be well versed in haiku as much as martial arts. Take Care.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites94PearldiverFrom Bumble Town - NZ640 Followers52 HubsJoined 20 months agoRead more hubs by PearldiverContact PearldiverFollow PearldiverSubscribe to Pearldiver's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Pearldiver a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsHow to prepare bitter melonasked by livelonger 3 years ago2 answersAnswer this questionIs it normal for a woman to feel sexually aroused at any time of day for no reason what so ever?asked by Julie2 2 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsHaiku of the Pearldiver: A Collection of Haiku Verses About...by PearldiverHaiku-Do: The Way of Haiku: Bamboo Poems About Life.by PearldiverHow to prepare your vegetable allotment or garden for next...by mistyhorizon2003Wusthof Knivesby Baddy SwingTestmastersby ShaminpreedaHow to nail your next job interview .by knslms Haiku ForumTopicRepliesHaiku #2posted by DomShadows6Haiku #1posted by DomShadows13Solesposted by wandering13Post a new topicTagsdeath japan online writing haiku warrior samurai Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.421 sec)  working