A Mother On Becoming A Grandmother...HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingA Mother On Becoming A Grandmother...A Mother On Becoming A Grandmother...75rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy LdsNana-AskMormonA Very Special Day For Nana...  And Papa Too! Elenna On Her Day of Blessing...Behold Your Little Ones...  Beholding "Their" Little Ones!Nobody prepared me for the day that I would become a Nana.  Yes, that is what I am called.  I chose to go by 'Nana', because at the time, of the birth of my first grandchild, 'my' youngest was just 10 years old.  Something just didn't feel right, to have people calling me 'grandma' when I was with my own son, who was still relatively young.   He was the baby of five, with a separation of almost seven years from the next sibling up.  Looking back now, almost six years ago, I was concerned over silly things I suppose.  Like, how would he feel when I was picking him up after school, on a day I had my grandson with me (yes, 'it' was a boy) and he was calling me 'grandma' and my son calls me 'mom'.  I actually pictured this in the future...  more than once.   I would cruise on over to the high school, in the afternoon as usual, in my very hip car.  Nothing old fashion about it whatsoever.   Then I would slowly pull right up, tightly, along side of the curb, where I usually  picked him up everyday after school.  Here is where it goes all wrong.   He would casually open the door, see a car-seat inside, hear his 'nephew' calling out "grandma, grandma" -- and it would be all over.  I can see it now.  This vision was so clear in my mind, that I could even imagine the look on his 'face-of-the-future'.  His cool friends, all the best looking guys and the best looking girls, are all hanging around, waiting for their pick-up.  Now picture this...  and his 'mom',  is being called 'grandma'!  And then, everyone starts to look at him and they laugh, and laugh, and laugh... that is when I -- WAKE-UP!  I suddenly realize, that by a simple name tweak, things will be just fine.  Done.  I am calm once again.  I really like the name 'Nana'.Where Our Treasures Are, There Will Our Hearts Be My Number One!Life is a GiftPrecious Moments To CaptureAdmission - Acceptance - Confession...  Whatever! Alright, I will admit it...  it felt strange and sounded even more foreign, to be considered a 'grandma' and a mom, at the same time in my life.  You know what I mean.  My brain would simply not compute this.    I am aware that many women find themselves in the same situation.  I am not special.  I know this.  My mother had all three of her children when she was young.  By the time I was having my first baby, there were only two of my siblings at home, and going to high school.  So, she was ready for grandchildren.  Although, as I recall, I think even she, was a bit apprehensive about being called 'grandma'.  It's not like I was having a mid-life crisis or anything.  Come on?It's really not an age thing.  It is the stereotype that I think bothered me.  I had only known grandmothers, at that time, who were much older than I was.  Or at least I thought they were.   LOL   I guess, I just was not quite ready to enter that stage of my life, in that way.  Don't misunderstand, I can't even begin to tell you just how excited I was for my daughter to have a baby!  This became the thrill of my life.  This was to be a grand hallmark in my life as a Mormon woman.  We 'are' all about family you know.  Although, I, stopped at five children.  My mother-in-law, had nine.  Uh huh...  you heard that right.   Her children, who are all now grown, consider her a saint.  Not one of them turned out to be criminal in any way.  (smile) I have always felt that it was because of the way in which she raised them.Motherhood And Mormonism...  Tradition? I am Mormon.  But I did not start attending church regularly, until after I graduated from high school.  My family growing up, were not active in going to church.  Therefore, I as a child growing up, I had little exposure to the church.  And yet, because of my own grandmother and other extended family; apparently, I did have enough exposure to the teachings of the Mormon Church, to influence my life in that direction.  I have often thought it strange, that at 17 years of age, I would decide to turn from the world and become active in a church that I only had minimal knowledge about.  I still, even now, feel that I most likely, made the best decision in my life, when I made the decision to go to the Mormon Church.  I love the Mormon people.  I love the doctrine.  And I love how it has enabled me to understand my life...  both the positive, and what appears to be the negative.  I have now been attending church, faithfully, for over 30 years.  Everything good about me, I attribute to my relationship with Jesus Christ and my understanding of Him and His teachings, that have come through The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day-Saints.   As a mother myself, I want my own children, to know who Jesus Christ is.  I want them to have a relationship with Him, that would strengthen their lives.  Just because we teach our children what we believe, does not mean that they will embrace it as we have.  Our children must experience life, in their own very personal way.  I was a rebellious teenager.  Not horrible, but I was determined to do things my way.  Trust, That They Will Learn How To Choose Well Rings & Things For Mothers -  A Gift She Will Treasure...Genuine 4 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring - 14kt White or Yellow GoldAmazon Price: Circle Of Love Mothers Pendant Pendant - 14kt White or Yellow GoldAmazon Price: Beautiful! Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold Mothers/Family Rings 21-7 StonesAmazon Price: Genuine 3 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring - 14kt White or Yellow GoldAmazon Price: Beautiful! Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold Mothers/Family Rings 2-6 4x2MM BirthstonesAmazon Price: Mother and Child Diamond Sterling NecklaceAmazon Price: $350.005 Stone Mothers Ring - 14kt White or Yellow Gold LIFETIME WARRANTYAmazon Price: Motherhood And Letting Go... When my own children began to display symptoms of these same tendencies, (drat) I learned the lesson of agency.  Not my own, but theirs.  This is a tough one for we parents to grasp.  Because they, like we as teenagers once were, are determined to figure it out by themselves.   But our, not realizing, that what they choose, has nothing to do with us as parents, feel horrible during these times.  Oh, I am so glad to 'almost' be past this stage.  And at the same time, I am enjoying so much, my 16 year old son, as he now goes through this process of growing up.  I am much less alarmed with him, than I was with my oldest.  I have learned to trust in God, knowing that the exercising of our agency is how progress and growth take place... I was so proud to be having my first grand-baby.  I felt...  official.  Like, a real mother.  (laugh)  Please...  actually it is something that makes a mother a bit nervous.  What will I say to my daughters, when they have questions about being a mother?  Will I know what the right thing to say is?  Do they know enough to be good mothers?  I had to stop that.   I had to trust that I had taught them everything that I knew.  If it wasn't enough, then we would learn together.  I love hanging around with my three daughters.  Being with them, is somewhat cathartic.  They are each such beautiful women on the outside, and so wise from within.  I am so blessed.Getting ready for this first grandchild was such a delight.  I  would often tease, that I was having so much fun shopping for this little newcomer, that we would most likely need to file bankruptcy.  And  I though it would be worth it.  I was having a blast! Three Generations... I am behind the camera, as usual.Mothers And Family...A Mother Heart - By Julie BeckWomen and Motherhood, are SacredFamilies Revolve Around MothersHow do Lds families stay close?Women Are A Gift To Each OtherWhat was, this unexpected present?Family...  A Love Story!Seven Points About The Church Of Jesus Christ Of Latter-Day-Saints... For You To Consider?Healthy Families...  What Is Your Family Temperature?  Have You Had A Check-Up Lately?The Bible And Teaching Your Children About God...Parenting Teens Today And Being Responsible About It!So, You Want To Know About The Secret Too?I was completely engaged with this entire idea...  except, for that 'word'.  After all,  I still had my own 'baby', so to speak.  Oh, he would just love it, to know I considered him a baby at 10-years-old.  But, if the truth be known, he is now 16, and he is still my baby.I know what you are probably thinking right now...  you are thinking that I didn't understand.  I mean, you who are grandparents.  You, who would never change places with anyone in the world right now.   Therein lies the problem.  I want you all to know, that I have figured out the secret.I have decided to divulge this secret to others, so that they will need not go through all the silly and unnecessary stages, I was made to pass through, in preparation for the 'blessed' event to arrive.  I am thinking, perhaps there are possibly two reasons for this secret that has been kept for... forever.  Because I had never had one grandmother speak not even a word to me the entire time my daughter was expecting.  Frankly, even now that I am a grandmother, they don't.  And my seventh grandchild is due in the spring.   Nope, these ladies have got those lips sealed.  They probably used a glue-gun!  Oops!  Now you know, I am not a crafty person.  LOL  I am of the 'younger' grandmother generation.  I have determined to do it differently.Do they think they are protecting us?  Do they feel we couldn't continue our current state if we knew their secret?  The secret.  What is it, you are wondering?  Do they think we could not handle it?  Would we consider it 'unfair'?If you are reading this, and you are not a grandparent, yet -- can you think of what would be so important, and secret worthy about being a grandmother, that it would be kept so tightly held?  It is something to contemplate, you know?Behold, Your Little Ones Beholding their little onesas they quietly sleep,and gently breathe.If they could only see,how quickly they grow-up,we would hold them even closer,...thank you God, for eternal families.Mommy Is Life!  Motherhood Is Life...  LIfe Is Loving Every Moment Of Being A Mom! Gee, I am starting to feel a little guilty as I am writing this.  What if some mommies simply go over the edge after hearing what I have to tell them?  Do you suppose that could happen?  I have always been told, what you don't know, can't harm you?  Do you believe that?  No way, I never fell for that line either.  For me, things would have been so much less stressful preparing to be a grandmother, IF I had only known the truth!I love being a Nana.  As I think back, on when my children were all  young, it was a lot of work...  I think?   I mean, the first four of my little ones, are very close together in age.  When my oldest was 5, I had my fourth child.  I had my hands full.  But I remember just being happy.  It seemed so simple then.  It's all beginning to be so fuzzy, those years. Now, I watch my three daughters, and all of them, are mothers.  I watch them with their little ones.  They are, each one of them, in love with those little people.  Their hearts are bound to them in a love, that only a mother can know.  She is the one, that is concerned that they take every breath that is required for life.  A mother watches her children breathe, literally.  They do this while they are sleeping.  And sometimes, it is during the middle of the night.  To serve another, so acutely, is to love them desperately.  Mothers, would give their lives for their children.  Mothers do -- come near unto death, as they give birth to their little ones.  And, they know it.  Mothers are the bravest people I  know.  It is a fine line.  The veil is thin when life is passing through it.Heavenly Father Has A Plan For Our Family. Our Savior And His Love For All Little Children... Beholding Your Little Ones - What This Means To A Mother... It is a joy to behold your little ones, as they be-hold their little ones...   A grandmother's heart is the fullest known.  She knows.  These little ones must progress.  They must exercise their agency.  It will be oppositional to their parents.  These precious little ones.  Mothers in love, don't see this coming.  So, don't even try to tell them.  Their little ones are different.  'They', are different.  Their love is enough.  They have plans.  They know how to do it better.  Every generation better... and theirs, in 'theirs'...  will better -- be enough.  It has to be.  It will.You know, on second thought, perhaps I will keep my little secret from my daughters...  What they don't know, will not hurt them.  It will not help them right now anyway.  I think I will wait.  I will wait and tell them, right before they become grandmothers themselves.I understand now.  For every experience in this life there is a season.  And that season, prepares us for the fullness of joy that is to come...Life is eternall.  Now is the season to find the joy, in the very moment that God has given to each one of us -- on This Day.Tomorrow will come, in time...  His time.I hope you are not disappointed in me...  for not telling.  For I have decided to hold this little secret, for just a little - bit - longer.tDMgLdsNanaLearn More About Mormon Family Life, And What We Believe A Prayer For All Children...Updates And Notes From Nana... It is a thrill to announce that come May 08 we will be blessed with another new granddaughter!  Life is so full of blessings for all mothers.  As I ponder how challenging life could be at times, when my five were young...  I feel over-joyed in that moment of reflection --- considering the blessing these children are to me each day of my life.... Now, I will most certainly return come May... and show off, brag and have a day with the arrival of this new little one - when she makes her grand entrance into mortality... I can't wait! Nana:-) Daugther - Mother - Child - Grand-daughter...   Number Seven is HERE! Meet Lilly... born April 23rd.  She is so precious!Lilly Elizabeth Ann - born April 23rd on a beautiful Spring Day!Update: 5/8  Well, she is here!  Lilly Elizabeth Ann is finally here. Like her big sister, she too was breech and therefore delivered by ceserean section.  They decided to deliver her a bit earlier than her scheduled due date.  I ended up being away on a Caribbean Cruise while she was born.  But, within two days of her homecoming - I was able to hold her in my hot little hands!  LOLShe is as beautiful as both her mother and her big sister.  A house full of girls.  My girls and I, just do girls really well I guess:-)  We are so thrilled she is here and more than grateful that she is so healthy.  Everything went fine with her delivery and mother too, is doing well.I have been going back and forth between our houses, which are about an hour apart - so I can help with the girls and let mama get some needed sleep.  These are the choicest days of a mother's life.  As a Nana, it is such a privilege to be the in the homes of my daughters on these special ocassions.  I revel in this... really!tDMgLdsNana-AskMormon vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Mormonism And Temples... Why Are Only Mormons Allowed To Go Inside?Motherhood - Inspirational Quotes By LDS Mormon Leaders.Please share your thoughts and feelings about motherhood...MrMarmalade2 years ago A Personal hub of sriving for the right time. No regretsthank you LdsNana-AskMormon2 years ago MrMarmaladeMy friend.  Thank you for visiting my Hub.I too, am a fan of yours and enjoy learning so many different things from you.  I always think of you and Val, and your beautiful marriage.tDMgLdsNana-AskMormon Yippity2 years ago Being a Grandma......On October 26 of this year, I became a Grandma for the first time.Never in my life have I experienced such a light in my life.  This light is ever glowing, stronger and stronger with each passing moment.  The light is always here with me, where ever I go.  This light is my Draven, he is the most beautiful grandchild in the history of my life!Being a Granny, as i love being called, has a brought a sweet, sweet feeling into my being.Watching my daughter and son with their new little one has also added a sprinkle of joy into my world.  To experience these two caring for and loving their little baby boy, and the light radiating from each of them is special beyond words.Thank You Nana for this Beautiful Hub!Have a Dynamic Day!LdsNana-AskMormon2 years ago Yippity -Adorable name!I can just feel it coming right through my computer screen...  you are in LOVE!Congratulations.  I am guessing by your comment, that you know the secret now?  LOLHolding your new little one is the most calming, soothing, peaceful experience that a granny knows.  No one else is YOU!   It causes our motherhood to soar to heights that we did not know existed.Thank you for your lovely post that you have added here.  I look forward to getting to know my new sister-granny-nana friend!Your name conveys a lovely and happy person.tDMgLdsNana-Mormon Yippity2 years ago Thank you Nana for your sweet sweet words!I am so glad to have the opportunity of becoming friends with You!I will keep you posted on this "Wonderful Secret" we share!Have a Dynamic Day!YippityLdsNana-AskMormon2 years ago Yippity -Best of luck to you here at the Hub!I look forward to getting to know you.tDMgLdsNana-AskMormonGranny Squares2 years ago Isn't being a grandma great!!sanssecret2 years ago I too am a 'nana' though I wanted to be a 'granny'. My daughter wouldn't hear of it. She thought it too 'old'. LOLBut I have the two most beautiful grandaughters and they are the most precious gifts in my life. My 'reward' for the trials of being a mother, for the sleepless nights, the worry, the care, the teenage years (oh my, those teenage years). But God rewards us with these most precious of gifts. And now we are truly 'blessed'! Thanks for a wonderful hub. LdsNana-AskMormon2 years ago sansecret -Oh... those teenage years!  I still have my cutie-pie 16-year-old son at home.  But he is seven years younger than my fourth...  so quite a space I took there.  LOLI think he has decided to settle in to being a 'good' boy now though:-)  But he is still a teenager.  I am proud of him for beginning to see how right choices really make the difference in his happiness - and mine!Little granddaughters....  oh it is lovely, isn't it.  I think that being a grandma, granny, nana or whatever - is the topping on the cake of motherhood.  I tease my oldest daughter who at one point as a teenager nearly did me in - that all is well now - as she has given me such beautiful grandchildren.I love the fact, that when you are 'Nana' - you realize how much less trauma parenthood really need be.  You know?  I can sit back and observe my three daughters with their little one, and see them stressing over things that I now know... are all part of the process of 'growing up', for all of us.I have a rule for myself as a Nana - never discipline unless there is no other alternative... which is rare.  My goal as a grandparent, is to be a blessing in the lives of my grandchildren.  Hopefully a teacher throughout their lives and one that will stand by their parents 100% in teaching them about God and what is right in life.We are so blessed.  I am so happy to know another 'nana':-)tDMgLdsNana-AskMormon PQ2 years ago I became a grandmother five years ago and experienced very similar feelings.  I didn't want to be labeled.  I decided I would be called Nana.  My little angel boy decided differently.  He named me "Mimi."  I couldn't love him more or be happier with my role and my name.LdsNana-AskMormon2 years ago Hi PQ, or should I say "Mimi"?I am actually with you on this...  on occasion I am called grandma, and I really don't seem to mind, too much:-)Foremost, is that I love being a "Nana"!  It is a joy to have such wonderful little people think you are the bomb! LOLThank you for commenting and enjoy your little angel...tDMgLdsNana-Askmormon desert blondie2 years ago When I was born, my uncle was only 7. Spent my childhood watching my grandmother also be mom to my uncle. I thought of him as an older brother, sort of once-removed!  Just found this hub and enjoyed it very much!Connie May2 years ago I just found out that I am going to be a grandmother, my word of choice is May May.  We went to dr for pre-op on a hystorectomy and found out she is 6 weeks.  A miracle from God. We could not be happier. She is my only child and I had prayed for God to heal her so that she could be a mother and I a grandmother.  He does answer prayers.couponalbum8 months ago Very nicely written. :)Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites90LdsNana-AskMormonFrom Southern California621 Followers60 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by LdsNana-AskMormonContact LdsNana-AskMormonFollow LdsNana-AskMormonSubscribe to LdsNana-AskMormon's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk LdsNana-AskMormon a question based on this Hub.Related Questionsmy grandmother was full Cherokee from NC, never left they hid and hid their culture.  I want to...asked by JuliaBright 3 days ago1 answerAnswer this questionWhat's the most enjoyable aspect of being a grandparent?asked by Ken R. Abell 4 weeks ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsA Mothers Day Tribute to my Grandmotherby robie2When Your Mom is Elderlyby stephhicks68A Tribute to my Grandmaby Shil1978How to Do Something Nice for Your Momby SoloryaThoughts on Being a Grandmaby DorsiPoetry As A Tribute For A Grandmother, With Grandmother...by In The Doghouse Family and Parenting ForumTopicRepliesDad was never thereposted by AskAshlie343312Am I too old to have  baby?posted by Bianu20Help Pleaseposted by Sezza8914Post a new topic766 more topics Tagslove family relationships home education religion Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.047 sec)  working