Long Term Care Glossary - KOLD News 13KOLD News 13Long Term Care GlossaryMember Center:Create Account|Log InManage Account|Log OutSITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS LiveKOLD Live This MorningArizona Immigration LawContestsKOLD LinksFollow usFacebookThink About itAg NewsFollow usAP Entertainment News VideoFacebookArizona Immigration LawCBS LiveAP National/International NewsAP Political News VideoAP International News VideoThink About itAg NewsMonsoon 2010Interactive RadarWeather BlogLive CamsText and Email alertsFlight TrackerAP Sports VideoMainValentine's DayHealthHome/FamilyMoneyFoodTravelPetsTechAutoEntertainmentGreenVideoBytesSelect a Topic:Personal FinanceBusinessTechnologySmall Business CenterMoney HomepageEmailShare|PrintLong Term Care GlossaryFrom Our Money PartnersFeatured Stories from CSMonitor.comFrom Forbes.comFrom InswebFrom InvestopediaMore from MortgageLoanBuying or Selling a Home?Click here to get started!Find the value of your home Sell your home Search homes for sale Get new home listings alerts AccreditationA process whereby a program of study or an   institution is recognized by an external body as meeting certain predetermined   standards. For facilities, accreditation standards are usually defined in terms   of physical plant, governing body, administration, and medical and other staff.   Accreditation is often carried out by organizations created for the purpose of   assuring the public of the quality of the accredited institution or program. The   state or federal governments can recognize accreditation in lieu of, or as the   basis for licensure or other mandatory approvals. Public or private payment   programs often require accreditation as a condition of payment for covered   services. Accreditation may either be permanent or may be given for a specified   period of time.  Activities of Daily Living Basic personal activities   which include bathing, eating, dressing, mobility, transferring from bed to   chair, and using the toilet. ADLs are used to measure how dependent a person may   be on requiring assistance in performing any or all of these activities.  Acute Care Care that is generally provided for a short   period of time to treat a certain illness or condition. This type of care can   include short-term hospital stays, doctor's visits, surgery, and X-rays.  Acute Illness Illness that is usually short-term and   that often comes on quickly. Adult Care Home Residence which offers housing and   personal care services for 3 to 16 residents. Services (such as meals,   supervision, and transportation) are usually provided by the owner or manager.   May be single family home. (Also called board and care home or group home.)  Adult Day Care A daytime community-based program for   functionally impaired adults that provides a variety of health, social, and   related support services in a protective setting. Alzheimer's Disease A progressive, irreversible disease   characterized by degeneration of the brain cells and serve loss of memory,   causing the individual to become dysfunctional and dependent upon others for   basic living needs.  Ambulatory Care All types of health services which are   provided on an outpatient basis, in contrast to services provided in the home or   to persons who are inpatients. While many inpatients may be ambulatory, the term   ambulatory care usually implies that the patient must travel to a location to   receive services which do not require an overnight stay.  Area Agency on Aging A local (city or county) agency,   funded under the federal Older Americans Act, that plans and coordinates various   social and health service programs for persons 60 years of age or more. The   network of AAA offices consists of more than 600 approved agencies.  Assisted Living Residences that provide a 'home with   services' and that emphasize residents' privacy and choice. Residents typically   have private locking rooms (only shared by choice) and bathrooms. Personal care   services are available on a 24-hour-a-day basis.  Assistive Devices Tools that enable individuals with   disabilities to perform essential job functions, e.g., telephone headsets,   adapted computer keyboards, enhanced computer monitors.  Board and Care Home Residence which offers housing and   personal care services for 3 to 16 residents. Services (such as meals,   supervision, and transportation) are usually provided by the owner or manager.   May be single family home. (Also called adult care home or group home.)  Care/Case Management Offers a single point of entry to   the aging services network. Care/case management assess clients' needs, create   service plans, and coordinate and monitor services; they may operate privately   or may be employed by social service agencies or public programs. Typically case   managers are nurses or social workers.  Care Plan Written document which outlines the types and   frequency of the long-term care services that a consumer receives. It may   include treatment goals for him or her for a specified time period. (Also called   service plan or treatment plan.)  Caregiver Person who provides support and assistance   with various activities to a family member, friend, or neighbor. May provide   emotional or financial support, as well as hands-on help with different tasks.   Caregiving may also be done from long distance.  Chore Services Help with chores such as home repairs,   yard work, and heavy housecleaning.  Chronic Care Care and treatment given to individuals   whose health problems are of a long-term and continuing nature. Rehabilitation   facilities, nursing homes, and mental hospitals may be considered chronic care   facilities.  Chronic Illness Long-term or permanent illness (e.g.,   diabetes, arthritis) which often results in some type of disability and which   may require a person to seek help with various activities.  Co-insurance The specified portion (dollar amount or   percentage) that Medicare, health insurance, or a service program may require a   person to pay toward his or her medical bills or services. (Also called   co-payment.)  Cognitive Impairment Deterioration or loss of   intellectual capacity which requires continual supervision to protect the   insured or others, as measured by clinical evidence and standardized tests that   reliably measure impairment in the area of (1) short or long term memory, (2)   orientation as to person, place and time, or (3) deductive or abstract   reasoning. Such loss in intellectual capacity can result from Alzheimer's   disease or similar forms of senility or Irreversible Dementia. Community-based Services Services designed to help older   people remain independent and in their own homes; can include senior centers,   transportation, delivered meals or congregate meals site, visiting nurses or   home health aides, adult day care, and homemaker services.  Community Health Center An ambulatory health care   program usually serving a catchment area which has scarce or nonexistent health   services or a population with special health needs. These centers attempt to   coordinate federal, state, and local resources in a single organization capable   of delivering both health and related social services to a defined population.   While such a center may not directly provide all types of health care, it   usually takes responsibility to arrange all medical services needed by its   patient population. (Also called neighborhood health center.)  Congregate Housing Individual apartments in which   residents may receive some services, such as a daily meal with other tenants.   (Other services may be included as well.) Buildings usually have some common   areas such as a dining room and lounge as well as additional safety measures   such as emergency call buttons. May be rent-subsidized (known as Section 8   housing).  Continuing Care Retirement Community Communities which   offer multiple levels of care (independent living, assisted living, skilled   nursing care) housed in different areas of the same community or campus and   which give residents the opportunity to remain in the same community if their   needs change. Provide residential services (meals, housekeeping, laundry),   social and recreational services, health care services, personal care, and   nursing care. Require payment of a monthly fee and possibly a large lump-sum   entrance fee.  Continuum of Care The entire spectrum of specialized   health, rehabilitative, and residential services available to the frail and   chronically ill. The services focus on the social, residential, rehabilitative   and supportive needs of individuals as well as needs that are essentially   medical in nature.  Co-payment The specified portion (dollar amount or   percentage) that Medicare, health insurance, or a service program may require a   person to pay toward his or her medical bills or services. (Also called   co-insurance.)  Custodial Care Care that does not require specialized   training or services.  Deinstitutionalization Policy which calls for the   provision of supportive care and treatment for medically and socially dependent   individuals in the community rather than in an institutional setting.  Dementia Term which describes a group of diseases   (including Alzheimer's Disease) which are characterized by memory loss and other   declines in mental functioning.  Discharge A formal termination of inpatient care.  Durable Medical Equipment Equipment such as hospital   beds, wheelchairs, and prosthetics used at home. May be covered by Medicaid and   in part by Medicare or private insurance. (Also called home medical equipment.)    Escort Services Provides transportation for older adults   to services and appointments. May use bus, taxi, volunteer drivers, or van   services that can accommodate wheelchairs and persons with other special needs.   (Also called transportation services.)  Estate Recovery By law states are required to recover   funds from certain deceased Medicaid recipients' estates up to the amount spent   by the state for all Medicaid services (e.g., nursing facility, home and   community-based services, hospital, and prescription costs). Geriatrician Physician who is certified in the care of   older people.  Geriatrics Medical specialty focusing on treatment of   health problems of the elderly.  Gerontology Study of the biological, psychological and   social processes of aging.  Group Home Residence which offers housing and personal   care services for 3 to 16 residents. Services (such as meals, supervision, and   transportation) are usually provided by the owner or manager. May be single   family home. (Also called adult care home or board and care home.)  Health Insurance Financial protection against the   medical care costs arising from disease or accidental bodily injury. Such   insurance usually covers all or part of the medical costs of treating the   disease or injury. Insurance may be obtained on either an individual or a group   basis.  Health Insurance Portability & Accountability Act   Federal health insurance legislation passed in 1996, which sets   standards for access, portability, and renewability that apply to group   coverage--both fully insured and self-funded--as well as to individual coverage.   HIPAA allows under specified conditions, for long-term care insurance policies   to be qualified for certain tax benefits under Section 7702(b) of the Internal   Revenue Code.  Home and Community-based Waivers Section 2176 of the   Omnibus Reconciliation Act permits states to offer, under a waiver, a wide array   of home and community-based services that an individual may need to avoid   institutionalization. Regulations to implement the act list the following   services as community and home-based services which may be offered under the   waiver program: case management, homemaker, home health aide, personal care,   adult day health care, habilitation, respite care and other services.  Home Health Agency A public or private organization that   provides home health services supervised by a licensed health professional in   the patient's home either directly or through arrangements with other   organizations.  Home Health Aide A person who, under the supervision of   a home health or social service agency, assists elderly, ill or disabled person   with household chores, bathing, personal care, and other daily living needs.   Social service agency personnel are sometimes called personal care aides.  Home Health Care Includes a wide range of health-related   services such as assistance with medications, wound care, intravenous (IV)   therapy, and help with basic needs such as bathing, dressing, mobility, etc.,   which are delivered at a person's home.  Home Medical Equipment Equipment such as hospital beds,   wheelchairs, and prosthetics used at home. May be covered by Medicaid and in   part by Medicare or private insurance. (Also called durable medical equipment.)    Homemaker Services In-home help with meal preparation,   shopping, light housekeeping, money management, personal hygiene and grooming,   and laundry.  Hospice A program which provides palliative and   supportive care for terminally ill patients and their families, either directly   or on a consulting basis with the patient's physician or another community   agency. The whole family is considered the unit of care, and care extends   through their period of mourning.  Hospice Care Services for the terminally ill provided in   the home, a hospital, or a long-term care facility. Includes home health   services, volunteer support, grief counseling, and pain management.  Hospital An institution whose primary function is to   provide inpatient diagnostic and therapeutic services for a variety of medical   conditions, both surgical and nonsurgical.  Independent Living Facility Rental units in which   services are not included as part of the rent, although services may be   available on site and may be purchased by residents for an additional fee.  Inpatient A person who has been admitted at least   overnight to a hospital or other health facility (which is therefore responsible   for his or her room and board) for the purpose of receiving diagnostic treatment   or other health services.  Institutional Health Services Health services delivered   on an inpatient basis in hospitals, nursing homes, or other inpatient   institutions. The term may also refer to services delivered on an outpatient   basis by departments or other organizational units of, or sponsored by, such   institutions.  Instrumental Activities of Daily Living   Household/independent living tasks which include using the   telephone, taking medications, money management, housework, meal preparation,   laundry, and grocery shopping.  Intermediate Care Occasional nursing and rehabilitative   care ordered by a doctor and performed or supervised by skilled medical   personnel.  Intermediate Care Facility A nursing home, recognized   under the Medicaid program, which provides health-related care and services to   individuals who do not require acute or skilled nursing care, but who, because   of their mental or physical condition, require care and services above the level   of room and board available only through facility placement. Specific   requirements for ICF's vary by state. Institutions for care of the mentally   retarded or people with related conditions (ICF/MR) are also included. The   distinction between 'health-related care and services' and 'room and board' is   important since ICF's are subject to different regulations and coverage   requirements than institutions which do not provide health-related care and   services.  Level of Care Amount of assistance required by consumers   which may determine their eligibility for programs and services. Levels include:   protective, intermediate, and skilled.  Long-Term Care Range of medical and/or social services   designed to help people who have disabilities or chronic care needs. Services   may be short- or long-term and may be provided in a person's home, in the   community, or in residential facilities (e.g., nursing homes or assisted living   facilities).  Long-Term Care Insurance Insurance policies which pay   for long-term care services (such as nursing home and home care) that Medicare   and Medigap policies do not cover. Policies vary in terms of what they will   cover, and may be expensive. Coverage may be denied based on health status or   age.  Long-Term Care Ombudsman An individual designated by a   state or a substate unit responsible for investigating and resolving complaints   made by or for older people in long-term care facilities. Also responsible for   monitoring federal and state policies that relate to long-term care facilities,   for providing information to the public about the problems of older people in   facilities, and for training volunteers to help in the ombudsman program. The   long-term care ombudsman program is authorized by Title III of the Older   Americans Act.  Medicaid Federal- and state-funded program of medical   assistance to low-income individuals of all ages. There are income eligibility   requirements for Medicaid.  Medical Necessity Services or supplies which are   appropriate and consistent with the diagnosis in accord with accepted standards   of community practice and are not considered experimental. They also can not be   omitted without adversely affecting the individual's condition or the quality of   medical care.  Medically Indigent People who cannot afford needed   health care because of insufficient income and/or lack of adequate health   insurance.  Medicare Federal health insurance program for persons   age 65 and over (and certain disabled persons under age 65). Consists of 2   parts: Part A (hospital insurance) and Part B (optional medical insurance which   covers physicians' services and outpatient care in part and which requires   beneficiaries to pay a monthly premium).  Medicare Supplement Insurance Insurance supplement to   Medicare that is designed to fill in the 'gaps' left by Medicare (such as   co-payments). May pay for some limited long-term care expenses, depending on the   benefits package purchased. (Also called Medigap.)  Medigap Insurance supplement to Medicare that is   designed to fill in the 'gaps' left by Medicare (such as co-payments). May pay   for some limited long-term care expenses, depending on the benefits package   purchased. (Also called Medicare supplement insurance.)  Neighborhood Health Center An ambulatory health care   program usually serving a catchment area which has scarce or nonexistent health   services or a population with special health needs. These centers attempt to   coordinate federal, state, and local resources in a single organization capable   of delivering both health and related social services to a defined population.   While such a center may not directly provide all types of health care, it   usually takes responsibility to arrange all medical services needed by its   patient population. (Also called community health center.)  Nurse An individual trained to care for the sick, aged,   or injured. Can be defined as a professional qualified by education and   authorized by law to practice nursing.  Nurse Practitioner A registered nurse working in an   expanded nursing role, usually with a focus on meeting primary health care   needs. NPs conduct physical examinations, interpret laboratory results, select   plans of treatment, identify medication requirements, and perform certain   medical management activities for selected health conditions. Some NPs   specialize in geriatric care.  Nursing Home Facility licensed by the state to offer   residents personal care as well as skilled nursing care on a 24 hour a day   basis. Provides nursing care, personal care, room and board, supervision,   medication, therapies and rehabilitation. Rooms are often shared, and communal   dining is common.  Nursing Home Care Full-time care delivered in a facility   designed for recovery from a hospital, treatment, or assistance with common   daily activities.  Occupational Therapy Designed to help patients improve   their independence with activities of daily living through rehabilitation,   exercises, and the use of assistive devices. May be covered in part by Medicare.    Older Americans Act Federal legislation that   specifically addresses the needs of older adults in the United States. Provides   some funding for aging services (such as home-delivered meals, congregate meals,   senior center, employment programs). Creates the structure of federal, state,   and local agencies that oversee aging services programs.  Ombudsman A representative of a public agency or a   private nonprofit organization who investigates and resolves complaints made by   or on behalf of older individuals who are residents of long-term care   facilities.  Outpatient A patient who is receiving ambulatory care at   a hospital or other facility without being admitted to the facility. Usually, it   does not mean people receiving services from a physician's office or other   program which also does not provide inpatient care.  Personal Care Assistance with activities of daily living as   well as with self-administration of medications and preparing special diets.   (Also called custodial care.)  Post-acute Care Type of short-term care provided by many   long-term care facilities and hospitals which may include rehabilitation   services, specialized care for certain conditions (such as stroke and diabetes)   and/or post-surgical care and other services associated with the transition   between the hospital and home. Residents on these units often have been   hospitalized recently and typically have more complicated medical needs. The   goal of subacute care is to discharge residents to their homes or to a lower   level of care. (Also called subacute care or transitional care.)  Pre-admission Certification A process under which   admission to a health institution is reviewed in advance to determine need and   appropriateness and to authorize a length of stay consistent with norms for the   evaluation.  Pre-existing Condition Illnesses or disability for which   the insured was treated or advised within a stipulated time period before making   application for a life or health insurance policy. A pre-existing condition can   result in cancellation of the policy.  Premium The periodic payment (e.g., monthly, quarterly)   required to keep an insurance policy in force.  Prepayment Usually refers to any payment to a provider   for anticipated services (such as an expectant mother paying in advance for   maternity care).  Primary Care Basic or general health care focused on the   point at which a patient ideally first seeks assistance from the medical care   system.  Prospective Payment Any method of paying hospitals or   other health programs in which amounts or rates of payment are established in   advance for a defined period (usually a year).  Provider Individual or organization that provides health   care or long-term care services (e.g., doctors, hospital, physical therapists,   home health aides, and more). Public Health The science dealing with the protection   and improvement of community health by organized community effort.  Quality of Care Can be defined as a measure of the   degree to which delivered health services meet established professional   standards and judgments of value to the consumer.  Registered Nurse A nurse who has graduated from a formal   program of nursing education and has been licensed by an appropriate state   authority. RNs are the most highly educated of nurses with the widest scope of   responsibility, including all aspects of nursing care. RNs can be graduated from   one of three educational programs: two-year associate degree program, three-year   hopsital diploma program, or four-year baccalaureate program.  Rehabilitation The combined and coordinated use of   medical, social, educational, and vocational measures for training or retaining   individuals disabled by disease or injury to the highest possible level of   functional ability. Several different types of rehabilitation are distinguished:   vocational, social, psychological, medical, and educational.  Rehabilitation Services Services designed to   improve/restore a person's functioning; includes physical therapy, occupational   therapy, and/or speech therapy. May be provided at home or in long-term care   facilities. May be covered in part by Medicare.  Reimbursement The process by which health care providers   receive payment for their services. Because of the nature of the health care   environment, providers are often reimbursed by third parties who insure and   represent patients.  Residential Care The provision of room, board and   personal care. Residential care falls between the nursing care delivered in   skilled and intermediate care facilities and the assistance provided through   social services. It can be broadly defined as the provision of 24-hour   supervision of individuals who, because of old age or impairments, necessarily   need assistance with the activities of daily living.  Respite Care Service in which trained professionals or   volunteers come into the home to provide short-term care (from a few hours to a   few days) for an older person to allow caregivers some time away from their   caregiving role.  Secondary Care Services provided by medical specialists   who generally do not have first contact with patients (e.g., cardiologist,   urologists, dermatologists).  Senility The generalized characterization of progressive   decline in mental functioning as a condition of the aging process. Within   geriatric medicine, this term has limited meaning and is often substituted for   the diagnosis of senile dementia and/or senile psychosis.  Senior Center Provides a variety of on-site programs for   older adults including recreation, socialization, congregate meals, and some   health services. Usually a good source of information about area programs and   services.  Service Plan Written document which outlines the types   and frequency of the long-term care services that a consumer receives. It may   include treatment goals for him or her for a specified time period. (Also called   care plan or treatment plan.)  Skilled Care Higher level of care (such as injections,   catheterizations, and dressing changes) provided by trained medical   professionals, including nurses, doctors, and physical therapist.  Skilled Nursing Care Daily nursing and rehabilitative   care that can be performed only by or under the supervision of, skilled medical   personnel.  Skilled Nursing Facility Facility that is certified by   Medicare to provide 24-hour nursing care and rehabilitation services in addition   to other medical services.  Social Health Maintenance Organization A managed system   of health and long-term care services geared toward an elderly client   population. Under this model, a single provider entity assumes responsibility   for a full range of acute inpatient, ambulatory, rehabilitative, extended home   health and personal care services under a fixed budget which is determined   prospectively. Elderly people who reside in the target service area are   voluntarily enrolled. Once enrolled, individuals are obligated to receive all   SHMO covered services through SHMO providers, similar to the operation of a   medical model health maintenance organization (HMO).  Special Care Units Long-term care facility units with   services specifically for persons with Alzheimer's Disease, dementia, head   injuries, or other disorders.  Spend-down Medicaid financial eligibility requirments   are strict, and may require beneficiaries to spend down/use up assets or income   until they reach the eligibility level.  Spousal Impoverishment Federal regulations preserve some   income and assets for the spouse of a nursing home resident whose stay is   covered by Medicaid.  Subacute Care Type of short-term care provided by many   long-term care facilities and hospitals which may include rehabilitation   services, specialized care for certain conditions (such as stroke and diabetes)   and/or post-surgical care and other services associated with the transition   between the hospital and home. Residents on these units often have been   hospitalized recently and typically have more complicated medical needs. The   goal of subacute care is to discharge residents to their homes or to a lower   level of care. (Also called post-acute care or transitional care.)  Support Groups Groups of people who share a common bond   (e.g., caregivers) who come together on a regular basis to share problems and   experiences. May be sponsored by social service agencies, senior centers,   religious organizations, as well as organizations such as the Alzheimer's   Association.  Title III Services Services provided to individuals age   60 and older which are funded under Title III of the Older Americans Act.   Include: congregate and home-delivered meals, supportive services (e.g.,   transportation, information and referral, legal assistance, and more), in-home   services (e.g., homemaker services, personal care, chore services, and more),   and health promotion/disease prevention services (e.g., health screenings,   exercise programs, and more).  Title XIX Federal- and state-funded program of medical   assistance to low-income individuals of all ages. There are income eligibility   requirements for Medicaid.  Title XVIII Federal health insurance program for persons   age 65 and over (and certain disabled persons under age 65). Consists of 2   parts: Part A (hospital insurance) and Part B (optional medical insurance which   covers physicians' services and outpatient care in part and which requires   beneficiaries to pay a monthly premium).  Transitional Care Type of short-term care provided by   many long-term care facilities and hospitals which may include rehabilitation   services, specialized care for certain conditions (such as stroke and diabetes)   and/or post-surgical care and other services associated with the transition   between the hospital and home. Residents on these units often have been   hospitalized recently and typically have more complicated medical needs. The   goal of subacute care is to discharge residents to their homes or to a lower   level of care. (Also called subacute care or post-acute care.)  Transportation Services Provides transportation for   older adults to services and appointments. May use bus, taxi, volunteer drivers,   or van services that can accommodate wheelchairs and persons with other special   needs. (Also called escort services.)  Treatment Plan Written document which outlines the types   and frequency of the long-term care services that a consumer receives. It may   include treatment goals for him or her for a specified time period. (Also called   care plan or service plan.)  Uncompensated Care Service provided by physicians and   hospitals for which no payment is received from the patient or from third party   payers.  Underinsured People with public or private insurance   policies that do not cover all necessary medical services, resulting in   out-of-pocket expenses that exceed their ability to pay.  Visiting Nurse Association A voluntary health agency   which provides nursing and other services in the home. Basic services include   health supervision, education and counseling; beside care; and the carrying out   of physicians' orders. Personnel include nurses and home health aides who are   trained for specific tasks of personal bedside care. These agencies had their   origin in the visiting or district nursing provided to sick poor in their homes   by voluntary agencies. INFORMATIONAL DISCLAIMERThe information contained on or provided through this site is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional financial or accounting advice.   Always seek the advice of your accountant or other qualified personal finance advisor for answers to any related questions you may have.   Use of this site and any information contained on or provided through this site is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties. All content  Copyright 2000 - 2011 WorldNow and KOLD, a Raycom Media station. All Rights Reserved.For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.