A Poem About A Monet Painting 'Le Jardin'HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   Get Paid To WriteAll TopicsBooks, Literature, and WritingPoems and PoetryNarrative PoetryA Poem About A Monet Painting 'Le Jardin'A Poem About A Monet Painting 'Le Jardin'87rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy rebekahELLELe Jardin Inspiration from MonetFrance is a lovely, beautiful country.  The language is poetic, the people are intriguing, the food is superb and the countryside is filled with flowers and trees and lovely landscapes, perfect for a Monet painting.   I have always loved France since attempting to learn the language in high school and writing letters to my pen pal in an area now known as Alsace, Lorraine.  One day ten or so years ago, I had the chance to buy a Monet print of his painting, Le Jardin.  I loved the colors and enchanting, ethereal beauty of the garden and decided to hang it in my bedroom. I would look at it every time I walked into my room and one particular night while getting ready for bed, I sat on the edge of my bed and imagined myself in that garden.  It was as if my imagination coaxed me into this poetic world of Giverny where Monet had painted the original Le Jardin. ".... the garden is the retreat of an artist... the flowers are his companions... he wants to be able to caress them as he goes by... to feel them close to him... friendly and beneficent parts of his life..."  an excerpt from Le Temps, 1904, describing Le Jardin. The Artist's GardenThe Birth of a  Narrative PoemI was fascinated.  I went to the library and checked out massive art books talking about Monet and his paintings.  I wanted to find out his inspiration and know more about him as a man.  My creative juices were aching to write a poem about this lovely garden.  I read and read and jotted down notes.  Claude Monet loved his garden.  It became his world.  More than anything, I must have flowers, always, always.  He created a world of flowers for every season.  I filled many pages of a notebook with the types of flowers, the colors, the surrounding area and started writing.  I decided it would be a narrative, rhythmic poem, with rhyme and meter. Narrative poems tell a story like a work of art themselves. Some of the oldest, greatest poems are narrative and they have endured throughout history.  I wanted it to be  the song of a young woman who finds her love in this magical land.  Lyrical in nature, the words would flow as she weaves in and about this poetic world of  Monets painting.  I wrote it in story form first and then took each section and composed the poem.  The entire process from inspiration to completion took a few months and when it was completed, I felt as if I had given birth to a child.  Some poems are difficult to understand except to the poet only.  I wanted this poem to be understood by anyone, to take them on this imaginative, magical journey into a painting, a garden of delight.  Please enjoy her. Le Pont JaponaisWater LiliesMonet's Garden"all of a sudden, I had the revelation of how enchanting my pond was.""a profusion of white, pink, yellow and mauve, blond flesh tones against shades of orange, blazing copper, violets, black purples...""hollyhocks rise above this resplendent wave of color, light and vaporous, little dancer skirts that balloon and billow""fairy tale magic of poppies covering withering irises""he surrounded his house with flowers, wherever he happened to be. beauty soothes his eyes and its life flows into him"Le Jardin d'EnchantmentLe Jardin d'Enchantmentsweet- toned sky above me blueawakens me with sighs for youperfume scents my bed of moss,the willows whisper their soft caress. this breeze across my face does blowsilken tresses of gold do glowstar blue eyes so deep they seethrough dark green waters, they gaze back at me.a wisp of hair behind my earI hear his voice inside me clearI gently touch my soft, round breastand follow the waters silhouette.stirs of passion inside me riseI lift my arms to reach the skies.I dance in grand circles to these whispering trees,"It is time, our fair maiden, he is waiting for thee."I will dance in this delicate morning lightwhile the path is clear and brightno shadow will I dance uponin morning light, I sing my song.In my soft dress of yellow, satin so fineI call to him sweetly, "oh sun god divine.I come to you shortly, my captor, my manthere I will dance for you, come kiss me again."through the blossoms he sees her, his dream of temptationthe saffron and hollyhocks, sweet breath of carnationhe loses himself in these colors and huesenchanted, he looks in her eyes of star blue.the roses then call to him, "go, kiss her hand,embrace her, dance with her in this magical landshe will love you, adore you, open up like a flower,her smiles, they will warm you and bring you great power."she dances, now breathless, and draws to him nearhe kisses her hand and wipes away her tearembraces her deeply, 'dans ce dance de grande' passiontheir love in full bloom in le jardin d'enchantment.copyright. 2010. rebekahELLEInformative Links About Monet and ImpressionismHow Monet's Garden Grew - France TodayDetails about Claude Monet and his garden, the types of flowers he planted.Rick Steves\' Europe: Monet\'s Giverny GardensPlanning tips to help maximize your time and money spent in Europe.Impressionism: Art and Modernity | Thematic Essay | Heilbrunn Timeline of Art History | The MetropolA discussion of impressionism from the Metropolitan.Narrative PoetryNarrative PoemsA collection of poems that tell a story or narrative. vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome (3)Beautiful (9)France- French Culture: A Night in Paris, City of LightFrance- French Culture: An American In Paris For the First Time- My StoryThank You for Reading and Please Feel Free to Leave a Comment.Veronica Allen14 months ago rebekahELLE - this poem literally moved me to tears. Its so sweet and innocent, and it speaks to me of a long awaited love that has finally been fulfilled. It makes me think of a young virginal maiden in a white (although the dress here was yellow) linen dress, who has kept herself "untainted" until she has found that one true love that will sweep her off her feet and completely fulfill all her romantic notions of a love that is truly pure and divine. Dancing and twirling in a large field of flowers, only to be passionately embraced by her one true love. This was absolutely beautiful. You are extremely talented. I truly felt as if I was in another world - the world of Monet!rebekahELLE14 months ago Veronica, I'm humbled by your words. so happy to hear that it moved you. she is very sweet and innocent and I see her so perfectly. I'm happy you were able to visualize and enter another world for a few minutes! thank you very much. :)Monet's lovely garden continues to inspire!poetlorraine14 months ago what a lovely piece of writing will read tomorrow when i am not so tired, so as to give it justiceJess Killmenow14 months ago Great maintaining that feeling of music and rhythm.  Quite a construction!  I love Monet and very much enjoyed your article and poem.  I am a fan!debugs14 months ago Loved your piece!rebekahELLE14 months ago thank you for the compliments! it's so nice to hear and this is my first poem I have published here, so it's wonderful to know you enjoy it. as mentioned above, it's like my little child! I appreciate your comments. :)alekhouse14 months ago Charming and joyful poetry. Thank youI*n*v*i*c*t*u*s14 months ago A truly beautiful poem that so well compliments Monet' paintings. Monet was my favorite of art exhibits that I've seen.rebekahELLE14 months ago thank you alekhouse and invictus! so nice to read your words.@invictus, what exhibit do you see? I was fortunate to see his collection at musee d'orsay and I remember just standing there staring at them, and of course, you want to touch them and you can't. truly another world he created for us. :)Timothy Donnelly14 months ago Great Poem rebekahELLE, you show some great talent. As one poet to another, tell me please, did this composition come quickly, such as when one is truly "inspired", or was it an exercise for you (one that deserves high marks)? I find some of my compositions flow quickly and others are truly slow to wrap up. I do like your style - count me in as a fan.rebekahELLE14 months ago thank you Timothy! this poem was both great fun and a great exercise in crafting a specific style of poetry. it was during a summer break from teaching so I was very relaxed and completely fascinated with the research I did on Monet and his garden. the actual story came quickly when my imagination took me into this painting, but putting it together did not begin until the research ended. some of it came very easily. when I look back at my notes, I see a lot of scratches and rearranging to get it right but I think writing out the story helped. I'll come to read some of your also. thank you for your comments!  :)prettydarkhorse13 months ago wow, nice one from you Ms. Rebekah. I love Monet too, you did justice to this one, Maitaanjalichugh13 months ago stirs of passion inside me riseI lift my arms to reach the skies.I dance in grand circles to these whispering trees,"It is time, our fair maiden, he is waiting for thee."Beautiful ornamentation! Thx for putting this hub  together. I bookmarked this for reading it again.rebekahELLE13 months ago thank you Maita and anjali for your very nice comments. it really does mean so much to have others read my poems and your words are wonderful to hear! thank you for reading and taking the time to post a comment. :))2uesday13 months ago Well done, lovely to read. The amazing thing is each verse is almost a poem in itself as well as contributing to the complete poem.jaybojas13 months ago mmmmmm really nice.  imagining a beautiful lady waiting around in a beautiful dress, dancing around while the winds dance with her golden hair in the sunshine.  Like this work of yours really great:)philip carey 6113 months ago Smiling. This works! It just all works to make me feel a certain way. Thank you.philip carey 6113 months ago Our feelings, when all totaled comprise a sort of picture of us. What would a painting of all I ever felt look like? This poem made me smile--and imagine.rebekahELLE13 months ago thanks 2uesday and jaybojas, so nice of you to leave such wonderful compliments! yes, when I think of her, she is like a poem herself so she lives a poetic life.@philip, so nice to know it made you smile. she is meant for everyone, for our dreams, our fantasies. thank you so much for your heartfelt comments!philip carey 6113 months ago I have, incidentally, three Monet prints in my home. And I'm near the Barnes Foundation in suburban Philadelphia, which has an extensive impressionist collection. I need to schedule an appt. to go there and take them in again.donna bamford13 months ago Dear Rebekah,  I especially like this site.  I have long wanted to visit Giverny and hopefully will one day.  Thanks for this glimpse of it.  I too love flowers and gardens  but I also love snow so I am okay for now - though by February I am sick of it.   I guess you don't have that problem. Do flowers bloom there all year round?habee13 months ago I love Monet! I also enjoyed your poem!Doyle Wheeler13 months ago Very well done, my eye envisioned young lovers throughout.avangend12 months ago Beautiful parallel between man and nature, love and flora.rebekahELLE12 months ago thank you all for your kind comments. so happy you can envision the love and nature in the poetry! we are connected.:)Sage Williams11 months ago Absolutely loved your poem; extremely moving, flows with passion. Simply divine a moment in time.SageKellyEngaldo11 months ago I love Monet - loved your poem - perhaps even more!  Wonderful!  Please keep writing!  Rated it up!  Absolutely wonderful!rebekahELLE11 months ago thank you so much sage and kelly. such wonderful comments, happy that you enjoyed 'her' ~ sometimes these poems feel like children. thank you for reading and commenting, means a lot to me. :]nikki111 months ago thanx for sharing, loved reading hub.sophs11 months ago This is beautiful, realy enjoyed this. Keep up the good work :-)spiritualweb11 months ago I have many photographs of Monet's garden.  Your words certainly do it justice.Moulik Mistry11 months ago What a lovely piece of poetry. Surely I feel the Monet touch here...GmaGoldie10 months ago Beautiful HUB!  Just like Monet!  Two great artists!  Kudos my friend!rebekahELLE10 months ago thank you for such nice comments and compliments! when we share poetry, we're never sure of how it will be received, but I'm pleased to read that so many of you enjoy this inspired poem from one of the world's great artist's paintings. this web of life that branches out throughout generations! :)Sherbet Penny10 months ago Excellent hub and poem, beautiful images, well done, Stephen.daisy storm10 months ago Since I love flowers but unfortunately possess no flower garden, I was drawn by the picture you feature in this hub. Le Jardin. I also love to write poetry as my Mom always did.  Thanks for sharing this with us.  Paris sounds wonderful!  Maybe someday I will get to visit it as you have.rebekahELLE10 months ago thank you stephen for your compliments, very nice to see you here. :]thanks daisy storm, love your screen name! I'm glad you were drawn in by the picture. It is an inspiring painting that invites us in to enjoy its magic. nice to read you also enjoy writing poetry!Mentalist acer10 months ago Impressionism is a purpose driven dream romantically and evocatively captured in your poem...cosette10 months ago *sigh*that is what i did when i finished reading your poem. i love Monet, and your poem is an impressionist painting, only words are your brushes. rating you UP ((hugs))rebekahELLE10 months ago thank you mentalist and cosette! it really does mean so much when others read and enjoy my poetry. this one will always be special to me, thank you so much.in a small Monet picture book someone gave me after I wrote this, it says, 'his paintings could well be described as an enchanted garden in which flowers of every season survive.' I really tried to capture this same feeling with this poem. {{more hugs}}rarebird10 months ago I become your fan too. Incredible masterpiece!!!sameerk8 months ago Wow nice one , please read my love poem toomhuze8 months ago I completely forgot about Monet! Awesome. Thanks for this hub!loveofnight8 months ago awesome, you have my attention........definite page turner.rebekahELLE8 months ago thank you rarebird, sameerk for your very nice comments and yes, I will read your poem. thanks for stopping by and reading. appreciated very much. :]thanks mhuze! Monet is right up there as one of our enlightened artists, and such beautiful paintings.loveofnight, thanks so much! what a nice compliment. :]epigramman7 months ago my my my my - a woman who loves Monet.Your poetic thoughts are as sublime as his 'water lilies'and it's sincerely obvious that you love words and that words have a love affair with you!I am anxious to see if you could write a poetic ode to the flowers of Georgia O'Keefe!rebekahELLE7 months ago thank you so much for your kind words. I do love words and Monet, yes.I'm thrilled to know you enjoyed this poem. I love the work of O'Keefe... perhaps this could be another project in the works? Thanks for the idea. I do plan to work on some poetry very soon.  thanks for reading and commenting! :)Terye7 months ago This is a lovely poem, and draws us into that most lovely garden.  My favorite phrase in your poem is:"I will dance in this delicate morning lightwhile the path is clear and brightno shadow will I dance uponin morning light, I sing my song".It is simple, and expresses perfectly the heart of one who is in love with her garden.  Really delightful, that line!  I think it actually expresses the desire of all of us to live life after such a pattern - dancing where the path is clear and bright!  The heart filled with hope would not even think to dance in shadow, for it is filled with light.   A very sweet poem.  Thank you!Beata Stasak6 months ago Beautiful, Rebekah, you paint with words just like Monet did with his paint brush:)rebekahELLE6 months ago thanks Terye, you definitely got the message in that verse! she knows who she is and stays focused on her true path. it's wonderful to hear how others interpret it. thank YOU for sharing your thoughts.Beata,you have given me the ultimate compliment. thank you so much. :)Minnetonka Twin6 months ago Wonderful poem that took me from my livingroom to a place of love and peace. Thanks for bringing Monet to life.Joy565 months ago SYou certainly got into Monets mind, i love the introduction to the poem too......  A most enjoyable piece of literature.lambservant4 months ago I have been in love with Monet since my college days when we studied painters through the ages. Your poem was exquisite, expressive, joyful, innocent...You have gift, thanks for sharing it with us.carla dela cerna4 months ago its a beautiful declaMATIon.brightforyou4 months ago Lovely!  Well done!rebekahELLE3 months ago thanks for your beautiful comments. I so appreciate your taking time to read and comment. I'm happy to take you with me into Monet's garden. what an inspiration he is to so many people around the world.kathryn10003 months ago WonderfulUninvited Writer2 months ago Sorry I missed this when you first published this, it's a beautiful poem. The art of Monet is so appealing to me.rebekahELLE2 months ago thanks kathryn and Susan!  Monet's art is like a gift, one of life's treasures. I love his use of light and how he took those things that he loved and made them living for generations to enjoy.  thanks for sharingacaetnna2 months ago I just love paintings by Monet and this poem is such a tribute. Beautiful, well done.debbiesdailyviews2 months ago I thoroughly enjoyed your beautiful expression.you are very gifted, and have a good eye.I felt compelled to pen a small, and in no way in your league, poem.On my hub, in light of a still on your video. I have written a small poem.rebekahELLE2 months ago thank you acaetnna. It's hard not to love Monet's paintings, isn't it? They're so full of beauty and light.thank you ddv for reading and leaving a comment. I'm thrilled to hear you were inspired to write.Kavita Trivedi2 months ago You have such a beautiful gift with words. I too felt the emotion in your wonderful poem. Thank you for sharing :)Twilight Lawns6 weeks ago Your writing took me into the painting very successfully; to the point that I saw the hollyhocks and smelt the carnations.  I liked the analogy of the carnations not just giving out scent , but breathing.  An intensely feminine poem.Astra Nomik4 weeks ago His colours and his approach to composition is astounding. His garden paintings and lilies are beautiful. This hub is a catalog of successful artworks, and taste.Denise Handlon3 weeks ago Beautiful. I'm sharing this with my oldest daughter. We toured Monet's garden together about 10 years ago.  He is her favorite...rebekahELLE3 weeks ago Thanks to all of you for reading my poem. I so appreciate anyone taking the time to read it and your warm comments mean a lot to me. I'm thrilled that the poem can bring a smile or an imaginative few moments into Monet's garden. Denise, thank you for sharing with your daughter! :)Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesMore of rebekahELLE's HubsLove Songs With The Word "Crazy"; Who Wrote The Song "Crazy"?Some of the greatest love songs written have the word 'crazy' in the lyrics. I think many of us at one time or another have experienced 'crazy' love.  Is love crazy, or does yearning it make us crazy, or... - 7 days agoMax Martin- Who Is This Swedish Hitmaker Behind Pop's Biggest Songs?We all have heard Max Martin's genius work.  He has written, co-written and produced many of pop's best selling songs.  You may be like many of us who didn't know that some of the quintessential mega-hit songs... - 4 weeks agoDancing With The Stars; Reflections On Life, Love And The UniverseI've never watched a full episode of the tv show, Dancing with the Stars, nor does it really appeal to me, but  I do love dancing and as far as stars, I prefer the stars dancing above me in the night sky.  How... - 6 weeks ago97rebekahELLEFrom Tampa Bay786 Followers48 HubsJoined 16 months agoRead more hubs by rebekahELLEContact rebekahELLEFollow rebekahELLESubscribe to rebekahELLE's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk rebekahELLE a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat inspired you to make this poem? I know the forest... but how we're you inspired? Did you...asked by .Cilla_Septum. 7 weeks ago1 answerAnswer this questionWhat is the similarity between a narrative poem and a short story?asked by dingdong 6 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsUnderstanding Aime Cesaire's "Notebook of a Return to the...by Anaya M. BakerI Am Alone:  A Narrative Poemby Mike LickteigMikey J - a rising new star of hip hop in the interview...by Bard of ElyIdeas:The Lost Art of Painting Christmas Windowsby DorsiStrawberry Insects and Other Pestsby Jerilee WeiEasy To Grow Perennial: Alyssum Or Basket of Goldby akirchner Narrative Poetry ForumTopicRepliesLost love-Guys need an honest feedback that vl help me grow as a poetposted by Cracknutcase31TERRORISM:  WAR OF TODAYposted by melvin banggollay2What do u think is the scene behind this poem?posted by Cracknutcase21Post a new topic16 more topics Tagsflowers france monet claude monet enchantment narrative poem Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.54 sec)  working