Top Children's Toys of All Time  Best Educational and Free Toys for Your ChildHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingKidsChildren's Growth and DevelopmentTop Children's Toys of All Time  Best Educational and Free Toys for Your ChildTop Children's Toys of All Time  Best Educational and Free Toys for Your Child80rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Frieda BabbleyDo a photo search on google images of kids playing, and what do you see more of than anything else on the first pages? Kids playing. With what? Stuff that's free, just like you did when you were a kid. Free is better than paid for toys. There is NOTHING like a free toy. While payed for toys go abandoned, get broken, go missing, these toys stay fresh and exciting play after play. They are the most educational toys in the world, more educational than any toy you have to buy at the store. They provide endless hours and days and months of play. They're always new and exciting.  They're never the same toy twice. The best memories are made of them. They never get boring. They're seasonal. You don't need to store them. They all come from 100% natural products or are being recycled by their re-use. Either way, they're ECO FRIENDLY Who helped me with choosing which items to stick on my free toys list coming up? My children. All four of them.  See all 37 photos Reggie Casagrande from Raise a Kid Who Loves the Earth by Toni Klym McLellan on Parents.comFrieda Babbley graphic c 2009You can tape paper on the inside and make a firefighter hose for hours of firefighting fun!Two toilet paper roll tubes can be taped together to make awesome binoculars!TUBES of wrapping paper rolls, toilet paper rolls, paper towel rollsEveryone has these in their home. Everyone uses toilet paper rolls, everyone uses paper towels, most people use rolls of wrapping paper as opposed to only bags and tissue paper or newspaper or paper bags or flat sheets of wrapping paper. No need to ever throw the tubes from these out.These make great gifts. They are sought after. They are pulled out of the trash can, not just by your dog but by your children. They see one sticking out of the top and they can't contain themselves.If your house is anything like mine, these tubes are coveted, fought over, and requested as birthday and holiday gifts.Why?Because they're coolTheir shape is pleasing.You can look through them,blow through them,talk and sing through them, use them as musical instruments,draw all over them,decorate them in other ways,use them as swords,make colidoscopes,put them open side down on a flat surface and fill them with things (this can either be used as a trap for someone trying to sneak into your room, or you can see who can knock it over first using various methods and, of course, rules).They are fun fun fun.They are plain and just begging for imagination, which kids have plenty of. Hmmm.  Hey mom?  Can I have this box when you're done with it?Go go Speed Racer!BOXESI probably don't even have to go here. We ALL are familiar with the allure of boxes. When we get older we call them bins and decorative baskets, trunks, or chests, but they're the same thing: boxes.Boxes are cool because you can put things in them (this includes one's self).You can turn them into boats, trains,trolleys,houses,shops,tents,mailboxes,ovens.tables,and racecars.You can paint them, draw on them, put stickers all over them.You can cut parts out of them, like doors or windows, or sunroofs.You can hide in them.You can wait in them until someone comes by and then scare them.You can put lots of them together,You can stand one alone,You can stack them.You can secure your cat in them and laugh.You can hide all your stuff in them and tell your mom you're room is clean (when she looks under your bed, you can chuckle in delight).They make cozy reading places.They are great to sleep in.Like tubes, they are plain, so the possibilities are endless.So the next time you move, get a box from the UPS guy, or recieve a gift in a box, don't throw it out or set it in the recycling bin or throw it in the basement or attic to collect dust and make more dust. Recycle it in a different way. Pass it on to a kid. You'll be "the best"! Alice in Wonderland?A chain for world peace.How about a self portrait or a puppet out of your paper bag?You can make a hat out of a paper bag.Nice vest, kid!PAPER BAGSEvery once in a while, let the grocer put your items in paper bags, at least some of them. You'll be coming home with a treat that might possibly be better than the candy or dessert you didn't buy. Like tubes and boxes, paper bags are plain. They are an empty canvas. And paper bags have something that tubes and boxes do not. They have flexibility.Of the thousands of thing one can do with a paper bag, here are a few:With paper bags, you can make a puppet,a self portrait,a mask,a vest,a costume,a hat.You can color, draw or paint on it.It's easy to glue things on them.It's easy to stick stickers on them.You can put your tubes in them.You can crumple them up, paint on them, then use that to stamp neat designs on another paper bag.You can keep your play-doh safe in them.You can hide things in them.You can put your cat in them.You can make string people out of them.You can decorate them to make wallpaper for your boxes with them.The possibilities are endless! And it was free. And your kids are creatively recycling them.  This little lady is a paper bag turtle.The Paper Bag PrincessThe Paper Bag Princess (Classic Munsch)Amazon Price: $2.49List Price: $6.95The Paper Bag Princess 25th Anniversary Edition: The Story Behind the StoryAmazon Price: $11.65List Price: $19.95The Princess KnightAmazon Price: $7.94List Price: $16.99Paper Bag Princess LITERATURE KITAmazon Price: $12.95 Frieda Babbley graphic c 2009Three Babbley's playing with their free tree.  Photo taken by Paper Moon.One Babbley in camo sittin cool, ready to strike.  Photo taken by Paper Moon.TREESNature is by far the best playground for your child, and for you. It allows your child to wonder, imagine, discover the world and themselves, feel their emotions, discover new ones, and so much more. (See my post on why a little me time with nature is good for your child.) Imaginations can run wilder here than the wind.So it makes sense that nature also offers the best (and cheapest - FREE) toys in the world.Take here for example, the tree. Yes, the tree. Any kind of tree. It is, in and of itself, a fantastic thing to play with. First and foremost, the temperature is always right. Trees keep themselves at a cool 70 degrees all year round.They can be climbedThey can be admired.You can throw things in them.Things fall out of them.They are home to all kinds of neat animals, including bugs.This means you can find a birds nest, a squirrels nest, a woodpecker looking for bugs, an owls home.Right before they die they get covered in ants, bees, butterflies, and all sorts of other amazing creatures.Fairies might live in them.They provide shade.They have a shadow.They have different scents.You can hide in them.You can read in them, or under them.You can use them as home base.You can hide behind them.You can try to count their branches without getting confused.You can find stuff to collect under them, like pine cones, helicopters, acorns, and leaves, flowers, fruits.You can carve things in their trunks.Their bark is amazing - some peel, some can flake off, some are rough, some are smooth, some are sappy.And yes, you can hug them.You can aspire to grow as tall as them. The Giving Tree - Arbor AlmaThe Giving Tree 40th Anniversary Edition Book with CDEnglishAmazon Price: $9.49List Price: $18.99Arbor Alma/the Giving Tree (Latin Edition)LatinAmazon Price: $13.00List Price: $20.00 LeavesLeavesBeautiful leavesLEAVESLeaves are one of those toys that are way cool all year round.They come in many shapes and sizes.And many different colors. They tell the seasons. You can collect them.Fan yourself with them.Compare them.Find bugs on them.Rake them.Jump in them.Swat flies with them.Pull them apart at the seams.Tear them up and sprinkle theminyour friend's hair while laughing hysterically.Stick them in big books to save them.Glue them onto paper.Paint them and press them on paper bag paper or on your new used box.You can do all sorts of other cool stuff with them. Boyscouts and their coveted sticks.Walking sticks are quite useful.Sticks are great for pretending to fish.STICKSThe wonders of a stick. All shapes all sizes.Some are breakable.Some are pronged.Some help you dig.Some help you walk or climb.Some are rotten.Some are strong.Sticks make great swords, Some make great pistols or rifles.Some are great for pretend fishing.Some are great for building bridges, big or small.Some are great for thinking while you break them into pieces.You can throw them.You can try to start a fire with them.You can try to reach things with them.You can bring stuff closer with them.You can disturb an ant hill with them.You can hit stuff with them.You can play fetch with your dog with them.You can see how far you can throw them.Some are great for building forts or walls.You can make designs with them.You can draw in the dirt with them.You can try to get a caterpillar to walk on them.You can use them to swat away flies and mosquitos (yes leaves aren't the only toy that's useful like that).You can find out if that bird is really dead. Building a bridge with twigs.Grass.  You can hide in it, sit in it, lay in it, play in it.The right piece of grass, and you're in business.  If you blow, it will sound.GRASSGrass is way cool. Way way cool.It's always fresh, even when it's hot out.The right kind of grass is awesome to walk barefoot on.It's the best place to lay and look at the sky and the clouds, to think, to cry, to laugh.If you find the right piece of grass, and hold it just so between your thumbs, you can make a loud loud whistle.You can hide in it. Read in it.Run on it.Roll down a grass covered hill.You can play ring around the rosy on it.You can pull it and throw it at your friend, use it as pretend food, or asfood for your pet bug.  Frieda Babbley Graphic c 2009Sprinklers are great fun with family and friends.SPRINKLERSAh sprinklers. I spent many a summer's day running through the sprinkler with my friends, laughing and screaming, and having a blast. How many people canget wetunder one? Is it possible to not get wet at all while in it's circumfrance? Oh look, a rainbow! Cool and refreshing. And free. Yes free. You already have one to water your lawn with, so why not use it to play in? Sprinklers are more than happy to multi-task for you. Puddle are great, even if it's just you playing in it.PUDDLESRainy day? So what. You're kids take showers, right? They play in the sprinklers right? They may swim in the pool or the lake, right? So unless it's storming or thundering, a little rain isn't going to hurt. In fact it gives them a view of the world that can't be seen in any other weather. Especially if they're lucky enough to be caught in a rain when the sun is shining. And oh the rainbows they may see then. Wildlife reacts differently to rain. All sorts of neat bugs come around. Rolly pollies, and worms, and frogs. And puddles appear and get bigger. You can splash in them and jump over them. You can throw pebbles and rocks in them.You can see if sticks or leaves or strands of grass float or sink.You can see your reflection.You can see your friends' reflection.You can see the sky in a puddle.And when the rain is done, you just might be able to watch the puddle shrink, or the birds drink from it or have a play in it themselves. The mighty snowball.SNOWSnow is cold. Snow is wet. Snow is fun. You can pack it. You can throw it. You can build with it.You can make an igloo and see if it really is warmer in there. You can see how long your igloo can last, and build it better next time.You can build snowmen. You can make snow angels. You can burry your little brother in the snow. You can sled in it. Slide in it. Fall in it. And sometimes, when its cold enough, you can walk on top of it and not make a single track. ESMERALDA has picked a beautiful bunch of flowers for her dad.FLOWERSFlowers make great toys. You can really watch them bloom. You can watch bugs on them. you can pick them and weave them and sniff them. You can find out if he loves you or not. If they're a dandylion you can make a wish and blow it's white puffs away. If it's a buttercup you can find out if you're boy or girl crazy by putting it under your chin and seeing how yellow the reflection is against your skin. And if you're lucky, you can watch a bunny eat a clover. You can share your flowers with your mom, or dad, or sister, or brother, or best friend. You can even say hello to a new friend with them. Frieda Babbley graphic c 2009At the Edna Maguire Elementary School in CA,  the kids made a real impact by releasing 72,000 ladybugs into the Mill Valley Children's garden for the last day of earth day.  To read more check out related links below.BUGSThink bugs are icky? Think again.Bugs are fascinating, plentiful, and readily available. You don't have to touch them.Some fly.Some wiggle.Some are hard.Some are soft.You find some in some places but not in others.Some come out in the rain, some hide.Some eat others, some don't.Some fight, some don't.Some tickle.Some have hard shells.Some have wings under wings.Some make buzzing sounds.Some are colourful.Some have spots.Some make the coolest webs. And when the sun or moon catches them, especially after a rain, they are sooo far out gorgeous.Shall I go on? For a delightful story, about "Bugs Inside", and how much kids really love and are fascinated by bugs, read One Mom's Journal - Lengths we go to please our children, and the miracles we find therein.The Very Hungry CaterpillarA Guide for Using The Very Hungry Caterpillar in the ClassroomTeacher's classroom guideAmazon Price: $5.76List Price: $8.99La oruga muy hambrientaSpanishAmazon Price: $11.92List Price: $21.99La Chenille Qui Fait Des Trous (French Edition)FrenchAmazon Price: $8.97List Price: $19.95Die Kleine Raupe Nimmersatt/ the Very Hungry Caterpillar (German Edition)GermanAmazon Price: $6.70List Price: $20.95Al Dudatu Al Shadidatu Al Gou: The Very Hungry CaterpillarArabicAmazon Price: $14.00The Grouchy LadybugThe Grouchy LadybugHardcover - EnglishAmazon Price: $7.60The Grouchy LadybugPaperback - EnglishAmazon Price: $3.83List Price: $7.99The Very Quiet CricketHardcover - EnglishAmazon Price: $11.84List Price: $22.99The Very Lonely FireflyHardcover - EnglsihAmazon Price: $12.24List Price: $22.99The Very Busy SpiderHardcover - EnglishAmazon Price: $3.21List Price: $6.99The Very Clumsy Click Beetle (Eric Carle's Very Series)Hardcover - EnglishAmazon Price: $10.74List Price: $22.99From Caterpillar to Butterfly  (Let's-Read-and-Find-Out Science, Stage 1)Amazon Price: $2.44List Price: $5.99 One Babbley and her caterpillar. Photo taken by Matt Dillar, TCS.Rocks make great plates for pretend picknics.How high have you ever been able to stack your toy rocks?Skipping rocks is fun in the sun.ROCKSCould you even imagine a world without rocks? I know I most certainly could not. Rocks offer a foundation. Rocks, are like building blocks.They come in all shapes and sizes. You can climb on themstep on themstack themthrow themskip them over water.They change color when you wet them.If you find the right one you can draw on concrete with them and play a game of hopscotch (you can use the same rock as your tossing stone), square ball, or draw a picture, or profess your love to the boy next door.You can smash things with them.You can try to smash them in half with another one to see what's inside.You can throw them. You can collect them.You can build a rock garden out of them.You can even try to build a wall.You can marvel at them.You can sit on them.You can lean your back on them and think.You can wonder what they look like, just as if they were clouds in the sky.You can play with your action figures on them (to the action figues they're larger than life).You can use them as plates, or pretend food.You can let someone know you were there.Let's Go Rock CollectingLet's Go Rock Collecting (Let'S-Read-And-Find-Out Science. Stage 2)Amazon Price: $2.78List Price: $5.99Let's Go Rock Collecting [LETS GO ROCK COLLECTING]Amazon Price: $8.37 Skipping rocks is cool in the evening.CONCLUSIONOne of the best ways to teach a child is to offer them the ability to learn, grow, and discover themselves, through play and experience.Childhood education doesn't all happen at school. In fact it starts way before the thought of school arises. It continues after school hours. It continues during the summer. Learning and growing is a never-ending process.   It doesn't only mean organized activity run by someone who isn't a kid.  It doesn't mean only sitting at a desk and reading or writing or listening to lectures.  It means day dreaming.  Pushing your mind and your body to go further, to find your place in this world in your own way.  Asking question and remembering the answers because you care, because you're excited.Allowing children the great museum that is filled with the simple and free things in life, not only expands their horizons in ways most kids today don't experience, but it allows them to get in touch with themselves and their creative minds. It allows them to go further, to strive for more, to be themselves, to go crazy, to find their quiet space.  And in the end, if you've played your cards right, not only will all these free toys cost you nothing, but their rooms just may end up looking and staying like this: photos courtesy PBK, graphic by Frieda Babbley 2009  CLICK TO ENLARGEFRIEDA'S FREE ADVICEStill think your kids are missing out on that hot new plaything they have to have because their school mate does? Still want to spend money on toys? I've got a better idea. My advice? Spend it on something else that will change your kids' lives forever, help them grow, get them through hard times, teach them, make them feel like they're part of something, like they can do and be anything in the world, that can boost their confidence one step higher than the free things I've listed here, and those that I haven't. Spend it on books.*All photos are courtesy google images unless otherwise noted. graphic by Frieda Babbley c 2009vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome Beautiful Children's Reading and Education: Disciplining the Good Child and Praising Good BehaviorsChildren's Reading and Education: Parenthood Simple How and What to Do: Ways Parents Can Help Their Child and Children Prepare for SchoolCommentsJanetta18 months ago great ideas! Oh the hours my boys have spent playing with sticks, rocks, boxes and wrapping paper tubes!!I have to say I laughed out loud at the line about using a stick to see if a bird is really dead! HA! and a little eeeewwwwCandie V18 months ago So nice to see you get us away from "which Wii game is best for your kids" kind of a hub!! Yeah!! I always love boxes.. we made our refridge.boxes into our "Happy Hippie Club" in grade school.. The one with be best decorated box would get Murray for the afternoon.. we were 11 and Murray got to bring his playboys into mine!! TeeHee!!Teresa McGurk18 months ago Wonderful.  The imagination that children can bring to all these pastimes is simply amazing.  Great hub!alekhouse18 months ago This is really a good hub. My kids and I used to make things all the time tor them to play with. They loved it, and it was such good bonding time.G-Ma Johnson18 months ago I have found it so many times...a child will play with the box that special gift came in before the toy....this is how children always played whilst I grew up and mostly whilst my children grew up...progress? seems to take away so much of what is natural and free and mind calming...GREAT hub my dear...:O) HugsJanetta18 months ago Candie-the happy hippie club?? and Playboys?!?! tsk tsk ;)Ivorwen18 months ago Growing up, my mom seriously considered switching to carrying her own cloth sacks to the grocery store, but we begged and implored her not to.  We couldn't stand the thought of being without those wonderful large paper bags!Frieda Babbley18 months ago Janetta, it's true though, isn't it? lol.Candie, thanks.  You were soooo lucky!  We were never lucky enough to have one that big.  But my best friend in seventh grade had one over the summer, but unfortunately were in the process of not being best friends at the time, so I missed out, but she was very glad to tell me about it. :|Frieda Babbley18 months ago Teresa, thank you.  Glad you enjoyed.  Now I happen to know you were a kid and must have been incredibly creative at play.  No stories?Alekhouse, my mother did the same with us as well.  Much bonding, not to mention the cleverness we developed, the ability to see possibilities.Well said, G-Ma, well said.  I question progress? myself.  Don't get me wrong, those games and things have their benefits, but their not the cat's meow, and certainly don't teach "life".  Will children of progress know what to do if they have to survive with nothing?  I think not.  It's instinct to play with those boxes before playing with the toys.  Natural is right!Frieda Babbley18 months ago Ivorwen, I remember the time my mother was releaved to have the plastic bags that were so much easier to cary and held leaks better.  Not as environmentaly concious of her, but the empty feeling at comming home without the bags was apparant to say the least.  I'm glad you shared that feeling.  Thanks.Gypsy Willow18 months ago Lovely hub, thanksFrieda Babbley18 months ago Thank you Gypsy Willow.  :)Paper Moon18 months ago The best toys on earth!tony072418 months ago Frieda In an age of Wii It Is so nice to be reminded of the beauty of simplicity ! Nice job. My kids just call me for a small loan on occasion now . At least I got a good day of fishing and all my meals paid for a couple of Sundays ago ! In any event great job !Frieda Babbley18 months ago Thanks Tony.  My two boys ask me for large loans.  Actually they're not even loans.  Apparently they're bonuses.  I tell them to go outside and dig for treasure, and if they find any, I'd like a wii as well.  lol.  They only ask for stuff like that when they're bored, you know.  Sometimes you just gotta give them a shove in the right direction (the front yard, or the back yard).ripplemaker18 months ago I'm bookmarking this hub!  I just love it esp. when it comes to do with kids!  Amazing, wonderful hub of ideas for kids!  In fact, I love this so much I'm going to post a link to our preschool website!!! I'll let you know when it's up!  Many many thanks!  So cool.... :-)Frieda Babbley18 months ago ripplemaker, I am so excited you love this.  It's my favorite of all, I have to say.  I'm a huge advocate of what I'm sharing here.  Do let me know if you do post a link. Wow.  Makes me feel like I'm a part of it already.  That is so awesome!  I'm glad you came across this one.  Many thanks.Kya18 months ago I so much agree with you. It is fascinating how kids stay on playing with the "natural" toys as opposed to some expensive productions.The challenge I face is: how to prevent "certain others" to shower my kids with brain-limiting toys that are then lying around, unused and in the way, without being ungrateful to them?Frieda Babbley18 months ago It's so true kya.  And you know, I face the same challenge.  There's really no telling them otherwise because they never listen.  I let them keep everything until Christmas, (if they sort of use them) and if they're not broken by then we donate them. If they just don't play with them, we donate them earlier.  By we I mean the kids and I, so that it's their decision too.  After a while the "certain others" that noticed started gifting gift certificates and other more useful items.  lol. manujkhera18 months ago This is really a very interesting hub..............Thanks a lot for sharingFrieda Babbley18 months ago You're welcome manujkhera.  Thank you for reading.   =)\Brenda Scully18 months ago There is no way I can even begin to tell you how much I enjoyed that hub.... all the work you put into it and it was free...... Very well done, you should win a prize for that hub...... It is my all time favourite date....... wonderful.... your energy shines through.....Frieda Babbley18 months ago Thanks so much, Brenda.  It's a topic I'm super passionate about.  I suppose that shows through.  I don't know about a prize (though I wouldn't mind one, LOL), but I do hope it reaches many people and that it either confirms their beliefs and strengthens their decisions, or makes them think and remember what life was like and what life could be.  I'm so glad you love this.  I don't like to pick favorites, but this is definitely, for now, mine, for many reasons.  But shhh, I never mentioned it. =D  Thanks for the read and the uplifting comment.  You made my week.\Brenda Scully18 months ago you absolutely deserve it wonderful job..... full of praise.....ripplemaker17 months ago Hi Frieda, I've finished linking this to our website:  http://www.dynamicmindsph.com/2009/07/children-leaMany thanks for this beautiful hub!!! Cheers!Frieda Babbley17 months ago Thanks Brenda =DAwesome ripplemaker.  Fantastic site!  It is so beautiful and fun looking.  I'm going to have to browse around.  Double check the link because I couldn't click into it.  How exciting!  Love your story.  That is a fantastic article you wrote.  I love it.  I was looking for a thumbs up, lol.  Many thanks and hugs!ripplemaker17 months ago Thanks Frieda!  It's pretty new (the site I mean) coz I just recently transferred to wordpress format. Thanks for visiting and for writing this hub.  It is an inspiration to educators.  :-)Frieda Babbley17 months ago I love it, and I love your other site as well.  Both so beautiful.  What a wonderful idea you had with the quotes.  I'm going to pop in on both everyonce in a while.  Very cool.  Thanks ripplemaker.Dolores Monet17 months ago Frieda, this is such a beautiful hub and so true. I remember my kids playing in our willow tree. They tied fishing line from the tree to a shed (their playhouse). They would sent a battered old basket full of stuff back and forth from the playhouse to the tree. It was so funny watching that basket float across the yard - the fishing line was invisible see!I am linking this to my 'free play' hub. Free play in the natural world with nature's own toys is so important to the development of children. Kids who play with free stuff outdoors are never bored!Frieda Babbley17 months ago Hey there Dolores.  Thank you!  My sister and I, and my friend Laurel and I, always talked about doing something like that!  How lucky your kids were!  That must have been a hoot to watch.  How fantastic.  We had a willow tree too,when I was four, five, and six years old, but it ended up having to get cut down.  I was so sad, because willow trees are so magical.  What a wonderful idea.  Thank you much.  I ought to link to yours too.   I read it and loved it, but the way.  When I was done, (aside from the obvious which was, "Yes! Yes! Absolutely! Yes! Thank you Dolores!", I thought, now see, there is a title!  (Titles are not my forte, but I'm working on it.)  I need more 'free play'!tuuky17 months ago "You can find out if that bird is really dead."LOL! You nailed it on that one.I grew up in Brazil (as you know) and poor, like many, so your list is almost the story of my life (we didn't have snow, unfortunately), climbing trees and making nun chucks from old broom handles and chain.Neil Tyson, my favorite astrophysicist, once wrote that the best to help children learn science is to simply let them play.He shares a story about his children learning basic physics principle from milk spilled through a table crack (he calmly watched his child study the event with curiosity while most parents would be upset and hurrying to clean up the mess).Thanks for the trip to memory lane.You gave me some great ideas.tuukyFrieda Babbley17 months ago I think Neil is my new favorite astrophysiciist!  Fantastic.  I think he would understand me better than most in that reguard (despite the fact that I am a neat freak, there are some things that require stepping back and observing.)  I'm glad you enjoyed this one, tuuky.  Thanks for the comment.  Very clever, by the way, "old broom handles and chain".  Now see, if your parents had bought you a play one, there would have been no reason for you to create one of your own.  I think that's brilliant.ripplemaker16 months ago Hi Frieda, I made some adjustments to my post and my website... and this one is definitely better now. :)  I hope the link works this time: http://www.dynamicmindsph.com/2009/07/children-leaFrieda Babbley16 months ago Oh awesome ripplemaker!  It works perfect.  Thank you so so much.  Can I just say, I LOVE the header for your site.  Those kids are so beautiful.  Are they part of the school?Cre8ive On-Col14 months ago Inspiring! Thanks for reminding us of the splendor to be had in freebies!  : )Frieda Babbley14 months ago You're so welcome Cre8ive On-Col.  I'm glad you enjoyed this. Thanks for the read.  =]Winsome11 months ago Fabulous Frieda! Since you are a "neat freak", I can see why you omitted one of the favorites of boys and girls alike---DIRT. You can dig in it. Make mudpies with it. Smear mud streaks on your face like Indians. Make a wading pool out of it. Rub bricks on hammered in stakes and watch the earthworms crawl out. Find clay and make bowls and figures. You can even make a slogan out of it---KIDS DIG DIRT!  =:) Vsevo dobrovoFrieda Babbley11 months ago OMG  you are so right!  Dirt!  and of course SAND =D.  Secret: even neat freaks play in dirt and sand. We just keep the wipes on hand, lol.Winsome11 months ago Glad to hear you can get your hands dirty. =:) You are SO right about SAND. When I discovered you can make "bricks" with flat shovels out of the sand closest to the water, we were able to make the most incredible castles or whatever we could imagine out of them. For we adults, another free fun thing is WORDS. We can make castles or hilarity or melancholy or memories or even food for thought. Harry's words to Sally at New Years created a bridge to a heart. (Loved the excerpt PG) We can even play games with them. For example, I'm collecting salutations or fun departure lines for conversations for a hub. Here's one for you:Tag, you're it!Pretend Food5 months ago I totally agree with what you are saying. I can remember making my own make believe houses, cutting out windows and doors and decorating the outside of the house by painting flowers and plants on the walls. This kind of pretend play is something I like to encourage my children to do at the moment, I feel it is so much healthier for their minds than the flashing lights and sounds of modern day toys and much cheaper too!eclecticeducation5 months ago What a great Hub!  I agree that those are some awesome toys.  I have witnessed my boys playing with a lot of them. :)Winsome4 months ago Hey Michelle, I linked this to my new hub http://hubpages.com/hub/How-to-PlayHope you can stop by. =:)Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites photo courtesy of microsoft clipartMORE BY THIS AUTHORAntique, Vintage and Vintage Style Baby Clothes and ClothingVintage clothing, holds a particular beauty and finesse that is historically sincere. The colors, the textures, materials, patterns, layers, small details, all culminate to a wistful style that has withstood the test of recent times and trends. It is nostalgic in a way that captures the imagination and the emotion. It is free and light. Simple yet playfully complex. Vintage clothes have become sought after classics. - 21 months agoSocks and Your Baby - Do and Don'tsSo you've just brought your beautiful, new little baby home. She is as sweet as a button. So cute, so cuddley, even her cries make you smile. You've probably got lots of little baby socks in neat little... - 21 months agoTop Children's Toys of All Time  Best Educational and Free Toys for Your ChildAllowing children the great museum that is filled with the simple and free things in life, not only expands their horizons in ways most kids today don't experience, but it allows them to get in touch with themselves and their creative minds. It allows them to go further, to strive for more, to be themselves, to go crazy, to find their quiet space. - 18 months agoFavorite Cartoon Characters Make Commercials and Yes Some Were BannedSince way back when, companies have been sponsoring cartoons, and cartoons have been sponsoring companies. Our favorite cartoon characters have been selling products to us since the early 1900's via... - 18 months agoThe Alphabet, Sesame Street, and Famous People and Celebrities - YouTube FindsDiva singing the alphabet opera style. Photo courtesy google images. For decades, famous celebrities have graced Sesame Street and the Sesame Street audiences with guest appearances, bringing with them some... - 18 months agokids toys related articles in the newsToys for Tots collectingBaldwinCountyNow.com12 hours agoThe Toys for Tots program is a national charity effort of the Marine Corps Reserve. The program began in 1947 in Los Angeles when Major Bill Hendricks, along with a group of fellow marine reservists, collected more than 5,000 toys for distribution to needy children in the area.Beas Kids is buzzing to help children during the holiday seasonThe Carrollton Leader11 hours agoSubmitted Photo Bea's Kids helps more than 200 children and almost 60 families on a yearly basis. Salazar has converted three apartments into classrooms for children who come to her every day after school.Metrocrest helps families shop for the holidaysThe Carrollton Leader11 hours agoJames Roth/Staff Photo - Every kids' dream, a room full of toys. The Metrocrest Social Services have been letting families in need come to their holiday site to shop for Christmas.RELATED LADYBUG LINKEdna Maguire Elementary School: ArchivesNotes from Edna Maguire Elementary.  Read more about their fabulous Earth Week celebration, and their release of 72,000 ladybugs into the Mill Valley Children't garden.93Frieda BabbleyFrom Saint Louis, MO727 Followers47 HubsJoined 23 months agoRead more hubs by Frieda BabbleyContact Frieda BabbleyFollow Frieda BabbleySubscribe to Frieda Babbley's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Frieda Babbley a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsAt what age should you involve your child in extra curricular activities and why?asked by green tea-cher 7 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionHow old was your child when they started talking?asked by L a d y f a c e 3 weeks ago4 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsHow to Teach a Child to Speak and Improve His Vocabularyby Mama SezTeach Your Child to Stand Up for Herselfby ArdieHow To Build Your Child's Moral Values For A Strong...by Purple PerlTwo-Year-Olds and Playby Lisa HWFree University Courses for Seniors - OSU Program 60 and...by Patty Inglish, MSTo Save a Nation: Children at the Libraryby Patty Inglish, MS Children's Growth and Development ForumTopicRepliesIt's really bad! posted by LoveNiceRice2Help needed.. 4 year old waking crying at nightposted by swapna12311A New Child In Your Lifeposted by the clean life12Post a new topic5 more topics Tagschildren toys educational toys paper crafts kids learning toys creative toys Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 4.171 sec)  working