Children's Health: Protecting Children From Toxins in the HomeHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHealthKids HealthChildren's Health: Protecting Children From Toxins in the HomeChildren's Health: Protecting Children From Toxins in the Home76rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy rebekahELLEWe live in a toxic world.  Everyday there is a new article, news segment or book announcing the evils that lurk in our homes, our food, our water, the air, oceans, schools, lawns, playgrounds, everywhere.  So, where do we go, what should we eat?  Where do our children play, what can they touch and how do they remain safe when even the clothes on their backs are made with toxic chemicals?I have written about healthy children and food additives to avoid in previous articles.  In this hub, I will share simple, easy solutions to help keep children safe in the home.  Our children spend most of their day and night at home and unfortunately, the home can be a haven for toxins. See all 5 photosOrganic Cleaning is the Nontoxic AvengerSince many toxins come from outside the home, there are two very simple practices that your family can incorporate that will help prevent the spread of germs and toxins throughout your home.1- Remove your shoes at the door.  Some cultures have done this for generations.  There are decorative storage shelves which can be placed near the entrance or a small shelf can be used.  The shoes can be put away later.  The added benefit with this practice is clean floors for a longer period of time!  2-  Wash your hands with soap and warm running water before you do anything else.  It does not need to be antibacterial soap (in fact, it's best not to use antibacterial anything).  Use clean towels and change them often.  Your child should do the same and make sure your little ones coming home from school wash their hands thoroughly!  If you pick your children up from school, keep some wet wipes in the car and let them clean their hands when they enter the car.  They still need to wash their hands with soap and water when they enter the house.These two tips alone can prevent many toxins from entering the home.  Once it's a habit, you will start to see less illnesses coming home with the kids. These are simple, healthy habits that can be a part of your children's lives.A Safe, Clean Kitchen is a Necessity.A sparkling shiny kitchen doesn't mean it's safe if the counters are coated with a thin film of pesticides, disinfectants and antimicrobials.Wipe down greasy cabinets and appliances with a solution of 1 tablespoon dish liquid per gallon of water.Get rid of sponges and use clean cotton cloths or old cotton t-shirts.  Washing a bacteria-infested sponge in the dishwasher redistributes bacteria on the dishes, where they remain alive as long as they stay moist. "You'd be better off eating a carrot stick that fell in your toilet than one that fell in your sink.  Your dog is right."  Charles GerbaOrganic Housekeeping: In Which the Non-Toxic Avenger Shows You How to Improve Your Health and That of Your Family, While You Save Time, Money, and, Perhaps, Your SanityAmazon Price: $3.99List Price: $30.00Cleaning TipsVacuum regularly with a real HEPA filter.   Carpets have toxic chemicals that can lodge pesticides brought in from outside (refer back to #1).  If babies and young children are playing on the carpeted area, it's a good idea to have them sit or lay on a cotton blanket.Murphy's Oil Soap can be used to clean floors, finished wood surfaces and non-wood surfaces (including ceramic tile, marble, vinyl, and painted surfaces).    It's inexpensive, safe and it cleans.  I love the smell and there is no rinsing necessary.  I use it on cabinets and doors also.  It can be mixed with warm water or it can also be purchased with a pump dispenser which is handy with furniture.  It is made with pure vegetable oil and it cleans to a beautiful, natural shine.Bon Ami (non-abrasive cleaner) or baking soda can be used to clean sinks, toilets, tubs and drains.  The bleach and toxic chemicals used in most bathroom and sink cleaning products are not only dangerous and expensive, but they make their way into our sewage drains flowing into our waterways.  Use cleaners that are biodegradable, free of aerosol propellants and antibacterial agents.  The tub and tile can be cleaned with a white vinegar spray and a scrub brush.  Rinse well and dry with a clean cloth.  Use bottles with pump dispensers for cleaning.Keep an open box of baking soda in the refrigerator and clean the fridge weekly.  Trust me, you'll love this practice and your food will be much safer!  Check dates and make sure the temperatures are kept at the proper temperatures.  Inside the fridge should be kept between 35-40 degrees F.  Freezer should be set at 0 or the coldest setting, especially if you have a full freezer. Most food poisoning originates in home kitchens and is easily prevented.  The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) estimates that each year approximately 76 million Americans are sickened by food poisoning.  Use living plants for safe air fresheners and for supplying healthy oxygen in the home.  Air fresheners contain toxic chemicals such as propane, butane, ethanol, benzene, formaldehyde, acetone and methanol.  If inhaled, they can immediately cause soreness in the throat or cause serious respiratory problems, sometimes fatal.  (read the labels) Simmering cloves and cinnamon is a safe alternative, or a lemon spritz.Avoid using no-pest strips and use nontoxic pest control for pets.  The best prevention is a scrupulously clean kitchen with no traces of food left on the counter, the floor or in your pets bowl.  Clean the bowl each night.  Nontoxic traps can be used or dehydrating powder.  Boric acid is mildly toxic yet effective.  Make sure it is used out of reach of children and pets. Check with your vet about nontoxic products for your pet, or the very least toxic yet effective.   toxic-free organic clothingClothing and BeddingI recently read about Disney clothing with the cute vinyl decorations and how they are made with toxic chemicals.  How about those really cute favorite character pajamas with the vinyl feet made from synthetic materials?  Does your child ever complain about the scratchy label bothering the back of the neck? (No, it's not your neurotic child.) Those labels and very often the final threading of fabrics are made with toxic chemicals.  The flame retardant pajamas are toxic.Synthetic fabrics may contain benzene, ammonia, ethylene, and glycol.  Fleece, polyester and polyester blends, permanent press and wrinkle-free fabrics all contain toxic chemicals which are not healthy to have next to your child's skin or in your child's mouth!  These chemicals emit toxic and allergic formaldehyde gases.  Many babies chew on their clothing, including bibs made from PVC.  Use cotton bibs and throw them in the wash.  It's better to be safe than sorry. Pedoodle Shoes are Safe and Fun Pedoodles Eco-Friendly Shoe Collection- Petal JumpersAmazon Price: $19.95Pedoodles Eco-Friendly Shoe Collection- Little CaesarAmazon Price: $36.00Pedoodles Eco-Friendly Shoe Collection- Cherry BlossomsAmazon Price: Country Kids Girls 2-6x Scallop Edge Organic Sock,Bubblegum/White/Pink,8-9Amazon Price: $13.50Safe Clothing and Fabric ChoicesBabies and young children grow out of clothing quickly.  There are stores which sell affordable, comfortable cotton clothing.  Often you can find barely used or brand new clothing at garage sales and consignment shops.  There is no reason to pay outrageous prices for clothing your child will soon outgrow.  Always wash new clothes, bedding and towels before use.  Buy clothing made with natural fibers (cotton, linen, wool, cashmere and silk).  Cotton is the most sensible for young children and is breathable.  If buying organic clothing, be sure to check shrinkage control.  Some brands are better than others.  Organic cotton is made from cotton which is grown free of pesticides and harsh petroleum based fertilizers with no toxic residues.Pedoodles are safe, healthy shoes for babies and toddlers.  They are lightweight, flexible and breathable made from natural materials. Soft leather shoes and sandals are a better choice than the cheap plastic and vinyl shoes that are now popular. Your child's feet cannot breathe in synthetic made shoes. Baby BeddingBaby beds should include a firm mattress with a waterproof mattress pad (preferably nontoxic made of rubber or wool) and a tightly fitted cotton top sheet.  Appropriate, seasonal, breathable sleepwear and your baby is ready for sleep. American Baby Company Organic Cotton Interlock Crib Sheet - NaturalAmazon Price: $12.95List Price: $14.99Naturepedic No Compromise Organic Cotton Classic 150 Crib MattressAmazon Price: $259.00Pinzon Pyrenees Soft Density White Goose Down Standard PillowAmazon Price: $45.09List Price: $80.00Safe Bedding ChoicesUse cotton fabrics for bedding sheets and mattress covers.  The higher the thread count, the better.  A high quality mattress cover made of high-thread-count cotton will help protect the mattress from stains and from allergies caused by dust mites.  Cotton flannel and knit cotton t-shirt sheets are also a good choice.Sheets should be changed weekly or bi-weekly.  Weekly is best with allergies.Feather-filled pillows are fine and should be covered with either a high quality cotton pillow cover or a hypoallergenic pillow cover.  The New Zealand Medical Journal showed that synthetic pillows contained about seven times more dust mite allergens than feather pillows.  Buckwheat hull pillows are also hypoallergenic and do not attract dust mites. If possible, keep a window slightly opened to prevent build-up of toxins or keep a houseplant in the bedroom.Vacuum and dust with a damp, clean cotton cloth weekly, especially if child has allergies.Safe Personal Care ProductsAubrey Organics - Rosa Mosqueta Nourishing Shampoo, 11 fl oz liquidAmazon Price: $7.28List Price: $9.98Dr. Bronner's Magic Soaps Pure-Castile Soap, 18-in-1 Hemp Peppermint, 32 Ounce BottleAmazon Price: $10.75List Price: $14.99Carol's Daughter Hair Milk, 8 oz.Amazon Price: Personal Care ProductsThere are so many products on the shelves marketed for children, and both parents and kids love these cleverly packaged, fragrant products.  This doesn't necessarily mean they are the safest choice for your children.  In the case of what is considered safe, one must learn the chemicals to avoid. Many of the most common ingredients in skin and hair products are quite dangerous when absorbed through the skin.  Formaldehyde and 1,4-dioxane have been found in popular baby and children's products.  Skin Deep Cosmetic Safety Database has a list of recommended products safe for children's skin and still developing bodies.  As you will see in the accompanying video, Johnson's Baby Shampoo is not on the list of safe products.  A few precautions and tips follow.Use fewer products less frequently.  The popular axiom applies here; "less is more".Always check ingredients and don't trust claims on labels.Try to avoid products with DMDM Hydantoin, fragrance, cetearet and PEG compounds.Excellent choices are Aubrey Organics Rosa Mosquetta Rose Hip Seed Oil, Carol's Daughter Hair Oil, Dr. Bronner Castile Liquid Soap- Peppermint (can be used on hair and body), California Baby Shampoo. There is an extensive list which can be printed out for your convenience.  I have it listed in the Additional Information section at the end of this article, Parents Buying Guide.  I personally use the Aubrey Organics products and they are fantastic.  I believe that if we have information that can empower us as parents and help us make the best choices, we are wise to do whatever we can to protect our children from these harmful chemicals. Let's Protect Our ChildrenToxic Childhood: How the Modern World is Damaging Our Children and What We Can Do About ItAmazon Price: $5.25List Price: $12.95ConclusionThere are other categories of which could be written here, including toy safety and pets, indoor air pollution.  The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) ranks indoor air pollution as one of the top five environmental risks to our family's health.  If you are a smoker, for the sake of your children,  it is best not to smoke indoors or in the car.  I cringe when I see an adult smoking with children in the car.    I have included links for further information. I realize there are divergent views on the subject of protecting our children from toxins.  While I agree that we don't need to be walking around with masks on, I do believe, with the research studies and information now available of the effects of our toxic world, that we owe our children the safest home environment that we can provide.  Some adults argue that when they were children their parents didn't worry about such precautions and they turned out fine.  My response is, are we fine?  Look at all of the diseases and disabilities, the cancers that plaque our population.  Perhaps if our parents would have had access to what we now know, they would have taken more precautions in the home.  (In some respects, some products were less toxic than they are now, like laundry detergent and soap.)By making simple changes in the way we clean our homes and yards, by purchasing clothing and fabrics made from natural fibers, by carefully choosing personal care products,  we are not only helping our children, but also ourselves and our environment and future generations.copyright. 2010. rebekahELLEToxic Child:  A Wake-Up Story - Please Watch. hubs by rebekahELLEPreparing For Pregnancy; Mentally, Physically and SpirituallyImportant Tips on Which Organic Foods to BuyEducating Children Outside of the ClassroomReferences and Additional InformationOrganic Consumers AssociationResearch and Action Center for the Organic, Buy local, and Fair trade movements.Cigarette Smoking and ChildrenAbout 60 percent of American children ages 411 are exposed to secondhand smoke at home. Studies have shown that children (especially infants) of parents who smoke have more lung illnesses...Parents Buying Guide: Safety Guide to Children's Personal Care ProductsThis new children's products safety guide helps parents navigate around bogus claims and find safer products with fewer ingredients linked to allergies, cancer, and other concerns for children.Protecting the Environment: Children\'s Health | Resources | US EPAInformation on how to protect children from toxins, the sun, lead, and other potential environmental health threats.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (8)Funny Awesome (1)Beautiful Health: Good Posture; Why Is It Important To A Woman?Thank You for Reading and Please Feel Free to Leave a Comment.BkCreative7 months ago What an excellent and well-done hub. So informative. Isn't it amazing that something so simple like removing shoes at the front door makes soooooo much common sense.And how unconscionable that we would be sold so much toxic crap designed for and to used around children. There is no excuse - but of course we are blamed if we don't educate ourselves. Even the paints on the wall are filled with VOCs and the flooring is toxic. Our poor babies.Thanks so much for covering this topic so well. Rated up of course and more!Connie Ho7 months ago Great safety tips for everyone in the family, not just children, very comprehensive. ThanksrebekahELLE7 months ago thanks bk and connie,  yes, they truly are tips for everyone.our children and especially babies are so vulnerable. I was pretty amazed at some of these findings. it's no wonder so many of our children have allergies and often, very serious conditions.  I appreciate your time and comments! :)europewalker7 months ago Very well done! Excellent info for all of us.Veronica Allen7 months ago Thumbs up rebekahELLE on a job well-done here. I am a firm believer in taking control of what toxins my children are exposed to. While there are some that we can't control, these simple and easy tips make a huge difference. I tell you, ever since my little one was diagnosed with eczema, it has been my mission to ensure that both my children have less access to toxins in our home. I am even careful as to what toothpaste they use.By the way - I can attest to the effectiveness and safety of Dr. Bronners Soap. It works wonders and I use it for all our beauty needs such as bathing and washing hair.rebekahELLE7 months ago thank you europe and veronica! thanks for the affirmation concerning Dr. Bronners. I remember using it years ago and I loved how you could use it for hair and body.  I now use the Aubry products as I can attest to their safety standards and that they are made with 100% organic ingredients.I realize some cannot afford all organic everything, but I believe with babies and young children, it's worth finding good brands that are affordable. If nothing else, it's best to make sure babies and kids are sleeping in nontoxic sleepwear and bedding. They spend much of their time sleeping in their beds. I know also Tom's has healthy personal care products. good for you veronica for watching out for the safety and well-being of your little ones. :)philip carey 617 months ago My son has many allergies, and so we do the filter thing for his asthma. I recently installed ultraviolet lights in the duct system to kill bacteria, viruses, etc. It made a significant difference. His food allergies seem to be abating, thankfully. Nicely written.rebekahELLE7 months ago philip, sorry to hear about your son's asthma, but happy to hear you are being pro-active with his health. indoor air pollution is worse than outdoors and sometimes it can be costly to upgrade the air quality.  I'm thinking of bringing more plants indoors now that the air conditioning in on for the season. it's nice to know that are ways we can take control. thanks for sharing! enjoy the holiday weekend. :)Green Lotus7 months ago Wonderful and rated UP, useful ect! This is great, easy to do advice for everyone (even those of us without kids!). I was aware of most of your recommendations but I must thank you for the tip on scratchy labels and HEPA filters. Have a safe holiday. :)CMHypno7 months ago Great Hub RebekahELLE and lots of great info on how to keep your house clean naturally.  There are too many nasty chemicals out there these days, so avoiding at least some of them can only be good.Winsome7 months ago Hey Rebekah, extremely well done and helpful. I have to not only take my shoes off but put them up high where our Lab doesn't use them for chewing practice. I was reading about a man from India who has figured out how to completely replace the oxygen in an office building using a mixture of plants. Seems like they could be used in homes as well. An all-natural, completely green air filtration system. =:)rebekahELLE7 months ago thanks GL and Hypno for the comments. any way in which we can eliminate the use of some of these toxic chemicals can only help. I think if we make ourselves more knowledgeable, we become more conscious of ways in which we can make healthier choices.winsome, that's interesting about the plants. Since our air conditioner is now on for the season, I'm going to buy some new plants for indoors!  I think it will help. funny about the lab. my oldest son has to do the same thing! they've lost a number of their shoes to the dogs.  thanks, always nice to see you!Baileybear7 months ago Great hub - a topic I'm very interested inkatiem27 months ago Toxins have a drastic empact on everyone especially the kids.  I have a friend that has a pretty basket of plastic shoe covers setting by her front door to be put on over your shoes if you don't want to take them off.  I love this idea and your hub is filled with great tips and facts.  Thanks :)habee6 months ago wonderful info! Two thumbs up!rebekahELLE6 months ago thanks baileybear for reading and commenting. I will be writing more in relation to this topic, glad you're very interested, as it's an important one! I wish more were. I think this is one way to get the word out.katiem, thanks so much. that's a great idea your friend has with the shoe covers! more and more research is being done each day discovering the impact these toxins can have on our health, especially our children!habee, great to see you. thanks for the thumbs up! :]timorous5 months ago It's sooo hard keeping these chemicals out of our lives. I try as best I can.On the one hand, you want to do all you can.  On the other hand, you can sometimes get a bit too anal, fretting over every little bit of potential toxin ingression.Still, many people don't realize how vulnerable young children are to the same toxins that don't 'seem' to affect adults.  Your children's health at a very young age can have far-reaching and long-lasting effects, including mild toxic effects that may be difficult to overcome later.  Best to stay as natural and organic for their sake and yours.Really good hub, rebekah.unglorious2 months ago THIS IS THE KIND OF "DANGEROUS TO OUR HEALTH" TYPE CORPORATE GREED KINDLED, UNBRIDLED, "MASS MARKETED POISONS" THAT OUR LEADERS ALLOW TO BE SOLD TO THE COMMON PEOPLE. NO CONTROLS, JUST OUT & OUT GREED, THAT I HAVE BEEN CONCERNED ABOUT FOR SOME TIME. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR HARD WORK IN EDUCATING THE MASSES ON THESE ISSUES. SORRY IF I MISSED IT, DID YOU INCLUDE YOUR LINK TO YOUR WEBSITE? DO YOU HAVE INFO ON OUR "SO CALLED" HEALTH SYSTEM? i HEAR THE U.S. IS RANKED #37 IN THE WORLD FOR OUR HEALTHCARE. THAT IS INSANE!!! AND NOW WE ARE GOING TO "HAVE TO" HAVE COVERAGE AND PAY OUT OUR HARD EARNED CASH WITH NO CHOICE IN THE MATTER FOR SOMETHING THAT IS RANKED #37? HUH!! WHAT IS WRONG HERE? WHAT IF WE ALL MOVED OUT OF THE "DIS-UNITED STATES" LET THE GREEDY, POWER HUNGRY, RELIGIO-POLITICO-WACKO'S HAVE IT!!! I AM SORRY, I HAVE TO GO START PACKING...Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesAdditional Hubs on Protecting ChildrenProtect Our Children's InnocenceChildhood is possibly the best time in ones life. Free fromthe nagging day-to-day worries that plague us knowledgeable adults, childrenhave such innocence; they can have no comprehension of what life... - 7 months agoHow To Build Your Child's Moral Values For A Strong Spiritual FoundationSpiritual Principles need to be inculcated in every child in the home, school and church so as to fulfill their potential here on earth. Starting a family, a couple finds themselves learning to cope and manage... - 7 months agoWho is your child's new on line friend?Not that long ago, protecting your child meant simply teaching it how to cross the road safely. Telling it not to talk to strangers or to take sweets from them. Making sure you knew where it was and that it... - 7 months agoChild Safety for Babies and ToddlersThe leading cause of death for children is accidents andmost of these deaths are preventable. This year about one in four children (14million) will suffer an injury that will require medical attention.  Of... - 7 months agoChildren's Health: Protecting Children From Toxins in the HomeWe live in a toxic world.  Everyday there is a new article, news segment or book announcing the evils that lurk in our homes, our food, our water, the air, oceans, schools, lawns, playgrounds, everywhere. ... - 7 months agoProtect your Child from Predators on InternetChildren are the most important part of any family. Without children there is no real family as such, so they are precious and we as parents need to maintain their safety in all aspects. To protect your child... - 7 months ago97rebekahELLEFrom Tampa Bay786 Followers48 HubsJoined 16 months agoRead more hubs by rebekahELLEContact rebekahELLEFollow rebekahELLESubscribe to rebekahELLE's RSS feedAnswers The QuestionHubMob Weekly Topic: Protecting our Childrenasked by Princessa 7 months ago68 answersAnswer this question Ask a QuestionAsk rebekahELLE a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsHow did you celebrate Raksha Bandhan today?asked by Surabhi Kaura 4 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionWould you face the leader of the vampires, if given the task to slay him/her?asked by MatthewH 13 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsProtecting Our Children, The Dangers Of Hand Sanitizerby efeyasBlack Pepper oil: the aromatherapy and health benefits of...by Plants and OilsTips To Ensure Your Safety At The Beachby Dottie1WHO Warns A Swine Flu Pandemic May Be On The Wayby crazyhorsesghostEat and Play This Yearby sgjeromeHigh Cesarean Section Ratesby soni2006 Kids Health ForumTopicRepliesKids of divorce have double the risk of stroke posted by Stacie L4Men's Muscle-building Supplement Marketed to Minorsposted by swtwin27All Babies Need a Vitamin D Supplementposted by dianasero0Post a new topic3 more topics Tagsbaking soda food poisoning children's health organic cleaning healthy homes a wake-up story video Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 3.406 sec)  working