100 Banks bailed out by TARP funds may collapse // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 215Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 38Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 74Corporations or politicians hurting America? 14Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 9more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 28, 2010| 109 comments100 Banks bailed out by TARP funds may collapsesource: http://www.rawstory.com/rs/2010/12/100-bailed-out-banks-may-collapse/An error occurred while setting up video display.maasanova added thisThe $700-billion bank bailout, launched in the final months of the Bush administration, was meant to save US financial institutions from a systemic collapse. But an analysis of banks' earnings statements concludes that nearly 100 bailed-out banks are at risk of collapsing all the same.Despite receiving a total of $4.2 billion in bailout cash, 98 US banks are at risk of failing, the Wall Street Journal reports.The banks are suffering from eroding capital levels, a pileup of bad loans and warnings from regulators, the Journal reports, and the nature of the problem indicates that these banks were in trouble before the 2008 crisis hit -- a sign that the US's regulatory structure for banks may have been insufficient for years or decades before the collapse.So far, seven bailed-out banks have already collapsed, costing taxpayers $2.7 billion.groups:News, News and Politics, Politics, Banking tags:Obama,Economy,Crime,Finance,Bush,Congress,Bailout,Federal Reserve,Banking,Martial Law,Law Enforcement,TARP,US Treasury,Hank Paulson 10 more|109 comments// 100 Banks bailed out by TARP funds may collapsehide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0sffsmessiahhow about loaning again? 11 days agoflag  reply+1TasteHiA good article about the creation of credit cards and debt in the U.S http://www.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-history-1264.phpIt's amazing how long this system will be in place. 11 days agoflag  reply+2TypeMemeHereTARP should have bailed out people and not banks. That wasn't a very popular idea when TARP was introduced by Bush and Paulson. 11 days agoflag  reply+1JT_Lancer  TypeMemeHere:Oh, OK.  Use the 'people's' money to bail out other people.  Makes sense. 11 days agoflag  reply+1TypeMemeHere  JT_Lancer:And giving it to banks that put people on the street, just so they can go out of business makes sense? 11 days agoflag  reply+1Gordon_CyrusThe monetary system is so old, regressive and based on debt. It's all a universal scam a card house waiting to crumble. Read money mechanics to really understand hiw money works people. Or check out Peter Joseph movie Zeitgeist  Money is the incentive for 95% of all crime and only holds back human excellence. It's a myth that it's motivation. It's an invented plague that is destroying this earth and everything in and around it, traveling faster than bad news. 11 days agoflag  reply+2neuroburger"both" parties were suddenly able to drop all differences to hand trillions of dollars to banksters "for our own good" - but can't agree to extend unemployment without a tax-cut for the billionaires.funny how the democrats couldn't be bothered to repeal the "bush" tax cuts for the past 2 years that they had a lock on congress and the white housebut the republicans (who still don't control the senate) could "force" the democrats to accept yet more of the "bush" tax cutsit's all political kabukigo read "the state and revolution" by V. Lenin 11 days agoflag  reply+1uShine3.8 trillion has already been spent on bailouts and stimulus programs http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&sid=aZchK__XUF84with 7 trillion more available Divide the amount already spent by 310 million (U.S population 2010) and you get 12258 dollars for every man woman and child in the country.Mind you, most of that money would end up going to banks, anyway after people paid the same funds to settle debt for homes, cars, school ect, or used the money as down payments on loans.People who are broke or are in debt have more need for government and will accept lower standards in employment and are thus easier to control 12 days agoflag  reply+1neuroburger  uShine:yes, and don't forget that the banks can resell the properties after they're foreclosed - so it's a win-win racket for them - selling mortgages that the "owners" end up paying 5 or 6 times the (already inflated) "value" of the property to the banks and then they can take back the property and re-sell it, again and again and again.not to mention that Goldman Sachs was not only advising their rubes/'investors" to take long positions on CDOs while they were themselves taking short positions. 11 days agoflag  reply0franrevesThis is why you dont bailed out companies. Bad companies will fail no matter how much money you throw at them. Its bad for a reason.http://southbeachjavareview.wordpress.com/ 12 days agoflag  reply+2Varex_SytheHere's what we need to do for any of these banks if they go under because they made and probably continued to make such bad gambles.  Take the bank owners and upper management whom are certain to still be rich, take the majority of their personal money, and use it to repay what little amount of the debt that can be payed off. 12 days agoflag  reply+2hammywill  Varex_Sythe:Yes! Seize all bank assets! 12 days agoflag  reply+1dalistuffBet against the banks surviving...Many hedge funds are funneling profits that way. 5k will yield 40K if played correctly. 12 days agoflag  reply+1neuroburger  dalistuff:that's like betting on a game of russian roulette - even if you "win" you still end up losingwhat do you think your money is going to be "worth" when the federal government declares insolvency? 11 days agoflag  reply0dalistuff  neuroburger:point taken 9 days agoflag  reply0neuroburger  dalistuff:happy new yearthis is my only real "point" - when it comes to taking care of themselves and their billionaire friends/employers/constituency ("base"), the "two" parties immediately drop all pretense of "gridlock" - when it was time for Billionaire Socialism, the presidential candidates of the "two" parties sure sounded like they were reading from the same script (tho allowed to "improvise" to a certain degree in order to preserve the appearance/faade of a "two" party ideological system) - when it comes to regular working people - the ones that the corporate media prefer to lable as "middle class", there is no end of excuses why "the party of no" could hold up congressional action on a single-payer health-care system, or repealing the "bush" tax cuts - every time there is action needed on behalf of the american workers, these "two" parties put on the same sham kabuki-style show of "gridlock" too bad there was no "gridlock" to be found when it was time for bailouts for billionaires - here's an informative article from the NYT during the period:Both Obama and McCain Make Push for BailoutBy MICHAEL COOPER and JEFF ZELENYPublished: September 30, 2008KANSAS CITY, Mo.  Both presidential candidates intensified their efforts Tuesday to help push the financial bailout plan through Congress, lobbying skeptical lawmakers and warning publicly that a failure to act would cause a widespread economic crisis that would hurt regular people, not just financiers.Senators Barack Obama and John McCain both began the day suggesting a change in the bailout legislation to raise the federal insurance limit on bank deposits to $250,000 from $100,000, a move that had originally been sought by House Republicans, whose overwhelming opposition doomed the bill on Monday. And both men used their campaign appearances Tuesday to press for action in Congress.etc etchttp://www.nytimes.com/2008/10/01/us/politics/01campaign.html 9 days agoflag  reply+4gerardangeIN A STATEMENT MADE FEW WEEKS AGO:JULIEN ASSANGE "Warned all BOA Costumers who have money in BOA to change to another bank.""IN MY OPINION ".... I WOULD TAKE MR. ASSANGE'S ADVICE VERY SERIOUSLY!!!!WHY? Because, JULIEN ASSANGE, is one person besides, BOA... who knows exactly what is in those BOA internal documents....Wall street is preparing everyone today for the released of all those documents to the media and public in the next few weeks.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Bank of America has been reportedly conducting "DAMAGE CONTROL"in the last few weeks.Reported As:BOA has been in a PANIC spending huge money buying every negative internet Anti-BOA website they can get there hands on...Prior to the release of the internal BoA files that have been given to Wikileaks by a BoA Whistle Blower. Side Note: Through all my sources.... I am getting the feeling that something big is getting ready to happen...MORE INFO:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCfS6Pj_qh4&NR=1 12 days agoflag  reply+2artemis6  gerardange:Voted up ! 12 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  gerardange:BAC stock has gone up every single day since he made that statement.  The US goverment saved GM, you think they are going to let BAC go away?  BAC just announced they are raising their dividend.  If he thinks he has anything, bring it, what's he waiting for.  Buy BAC stock, it's up $3 this month. 12 days agoflag  reply+2neuroburger  gerardange:Vice President Biden is the Senator from MBNAhttp://www.democraticunderground.com/discuss/duboard.php?az=view_all&address... 11 days agoflag  reply+1neuroburger  JohnA:the US government and the UAW are now working together to force union workers to take wage cuts and to institute "two tiered" wage systems under which all new hires max out at about 15$/hr.the partnershp between government, corporations and unions was first tried under Benito Mussolini and was called "fascism"it was a disaster for working people then, and remains so today. 11 days agoflag  reply+6kennymotownJust another way the ELITE have lined their pockets with our tax money so as they will survive the big crash just around the corner! But will they survive the glistening blade of the guillotine? Only time will tell. 12 days agoflag  reply+1neuroburger  kennymotown:only if we don't hit the streets and tear down their bastilles 11 days agoflag  reply+5JT_LancerTaxpayer-funded bailouts of Wall Street fat cats - just another government 'success' story.Bush signed the $787 Billion bailout bill - with the support of half of Congressional Repubs and 90% of Congressional Dems - DESPITE the fact that a majority of Americans OPPOSED the measure.Ain't democracy grand? 12 days agoflag  reply+1neuroburger  JT_Lancer:funny isn't it how the "two" parties which gave us this whole "gridlock" story when it was time for Obama to deliver on his promises of "single payer" health care - but they can suddenly drop all pretense of "differences" to unite in order to save themselves (you know how much Pelosi's pearls cost?) and their bankster political financiers. 11 days agoflag  reply+3galwaymanLET THEM FAIL! Not one more dime for the rich elite under any circumstances! 12 days agoflag  reply0VoyagerFilms  galwayman:Sorry, they already got the nickle, the dime, the quarter, the half dollar, dollar and a bunch more! 12 days agoflag  reply+2tommicbanks that hold state and local debt are in BIG trouble 12 days agoflag  reply+4KSirysthat's what i need to do, a few more million and i can open my own community bank... and when i'm doing bad,  i'll call the government and get a bail out... why not?  it's the american way! 12 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78  KSirys:That sounds nice but your morals won't let you do it. 12 days agoflag  reply+2KSirys  bailey78:you never know... hehehehehe.... i might turn to the dark side... =D 12 days agoflag  reply+4bailey78  KSirys:Yes! come to the dark side We have cookies 12 days agoflag  reply+3VoyagerFilms  KSirys:Actually, what you do is buy insurance from AIG betting that your bank will fail, then when it does as a result to making bad loans to family and friends you can get bailed out and collect insurance - which is also bail out money. 12 days agoflag  reply0neuroburger  KSirys:you ain't got the connectionsmaybe if you made a lot of political donations at those 60000$/plate dinners 11 days agoflag  reply0KSirys  neuroburger:lol.. don't ASSume...  I have connections in the banking sector, hedge fund and real estate.  If i had the millions needed, i wouldn't have a problem opening a bank.  Also, getting the bail out wouldn't be hard either, specially since my friend/attorney is a bank owner himself...   connections are the least of my worries... 11 days agoflag  reply0neuroburger  KSirys:just because you might have a bank don't mean you'd get the lootit seems to be more a case of "coordinated consolidation" - look at Bear Stearns - they were no less worthy of a "bailout" than any of these other corporate behemoths - but somehow they didn't have a history of interlocking relations with the Dept of Treasury, unlike Goldman-Sachs which made out like (pardon the expression - no, heck don't pardon it!) "bandits"! 11 days agoflag  reply+5guitar1100This is not capitalism. It's corporatism.  Capitalism works. 12 days agoflag  reply+4hammywill  guitar1100:So does Communism. 12 days agoflag  reply+2remanns  guitar1100:perhaps. a little. for a timecorporatism IS cancer    so +^d 12 days agoflag  reply0remanns  hammywill:someone should REALLY try that some time. I'm in.    ( at least for a trial run,.....I do want the TRUE democracy that is supposed to go with it. )Euro-socialism certainly has merits.    +^d 12 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  remanns:It works rather well, and has for hundreds of years in the Pennsylvania Amish Communities. 12 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  remanns:I'd like to see an example of where Capitalism has worked. 12 days agoflag  reply0VoyagerFilms  guitar1100:It's corruption! 12 days agoflag  reply0neuroburger  guitar1100:this is capitalismcapitalism is rule by capitaliststhey rule us for their own benefitsthey control the government - they control who gets elected and who can't even get on a ballot - they control who has access to the debates - they control the  media - they control education - they fund or defund programs as they see fit all to further the agenda of the propertied classesBecause the state arose from the need to hold class antagonisms in check, but because it arose, at the same time, in the midst of the conflict of these classes, it is, as a rule, the state of the most powerful, economically dominant class, which, through the medium of the state, becomes also the politically dominant class, and thus acquires new means of holding down and exploiting the oppressed class.... The ancient and feudal states were organs for the exploitation of the slaves and serfs; likewise, the modern representative state is an instrument of exploitation of wage-labor by capital. By way of exception, however, periods occur in which the warring classes balance each other so nearly that the state power as ostensible mediator acquires, for the moment, a certain degree of independence of both.... Such were the absolute monarchies of the 17th and 18th centuries, the Bonapartism of the First and Second Empires in France, and the Bismarck regime in Germany."In a democratic republic, Engels continues, wealth exercises its power indirectly, but all the more surely", first, by means of the direct corruption of officials (America); secondly, by means of an alliance of the government and the Stock Exchange" (France and America).At present, imperialism and the domination of the banks have developed into an exceptional art both these methods of upholding and giving effect to the omnipotence of wealth in democratic republics of all descriptions. Since, for instance, in the very first months of the Russian democratic republic, one might say during the honeymoon of the socialist S.R.s and Mensheviks joined in wedlock to the bourgeoisie, in the coalition government. Mr. Palchinsky obstructed every measure intended for curbing the capitalists and their marauding practices, their plundering of the state by means of war contracts; and since later on Mr. Palchinsky, upon resigning from the Cabinet (and being, of course, replaced by another quite similar Palchinsky), was rewarded by the capitalists with a lucrative job with a salary of 120,000 rubles per annum  what would you call that? Direct or indirect bribery? An alliance of the government and the syndicates, or merely friendly relations? What role do the Chernovs, Tseretelis, Avksentyevs and Skobelevs play? Are they the direct or only the indirect allies of the millionaire treasury-looters?Another reason why the omnipotence of wealth is more certain in a democratic republic is that it does not depend on defects in the political machinery or on the faulty political shell of capitalism. A democratic republic is the best possible political shell for capitalism, and, therefore, once capital has gained possession of this very best shell (through the Palchinskys, Chernovs, Tseretelis and Co.), it establishes its power so securely, so firmly, that no change of persons, institutions or parties in the bourgeois-democratic republic can shake it. http://www.marxists.org/archive/lenin/works/1917/staterev/ch01.htm#s3 11 days agoflag  reply+1neuroburger  guitar1100:corporatism is capitalism on "full auto" 11 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  guitar1100:Where? 9 days agoflag  reply0kennymotownAs predicted the fall of Capitalism! It's going to be a wild ride.http://www.csmonitor.com/Business/2010/1228/US-house-prices-fall-in-October-set-...Until Corporate America ends it's greed, nothing will comeback! 12 days agoflag  reply0JT_Lancer  kennymotown:Wasn't it the government that artificially lowered interest rates and imposed policies that demanded lending to many who could not afford it?  Even Keynesian economists acknowledge the govt's role in the housing bubble and bust. 12 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  JT_Lancer:I believe it was the Fed that lowered interest rates, and they have always been confused with the federal government. But they are not, they are a bunch of bankers. 12 days agoflag  reply+1hammywill  JT_Lancer:The government has no control over the Interest rates. The FED sets the Interest rate. 12 days agoflag  reply+2JT_Lancer  kennymotown:You are correct.  The Fed is nothing more than a publicly created cartel of private banking interests.  Since the creation of the Fed in 1913, the purchasing power of the dollar has been devalued by 95%.  Not a great track record.Unfortunately, nearly all Congresscritters defend the Fed, and few have the guts to challenge Bernanke and Co., let alone demand accountability via an audit. 12 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  JT_Lancer:These bankers are at the top of the ELITE chart, at their disposal they have a closet full of henchmen that can destroy anyone who gets in their way. The only way, and I have said this time and time again, to destroy this EVIL, is by force! 12 days agoflag  reply+2hammywill  kennymotown:No, it isn't. Force is the resort of people who can not use their brains. How about we run on the banks? What if we refuse to use Dollars? What if we stop going to work and go on a general strike? Every one of those options would work. 12 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  hammywill:So be it! Make it happen, I'm waiting! 12 days agoflag  reply+2galwayman  hammywill:If you were to try these methods,which would directly impact the elites profit and control and they will shoot you down in the streets! The only way to beat them is by force and to kill each and every one of them, and their political lackies! 12 days agoflag  reply+2galwayman  kennymotown:Kenny we agree again! LOL this is becoming a habit! 12 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  galwayman:Hell has frozen over, my friend! 12 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  galwayman:Nicely said, my brother! 12 days agoflag  reply+1hammywill  kennymotown:The only thing on that list I still do is use Dollars...join me on the Dark Side!...:-P 12 days agoflag  reply+1hammywill  galwayman:I won't be the one to instigate violence. But if they shoot at me and my family for trying to get out ourselves free from slavery to the banking masters, then it. will. be. ON! I use Total War tactics. This is why I abhor war...because if it is war..it is Total War5. (look up the tactic) 12 days agoflag  reply+1galwayman  kennymotown:LOL Kenny it has indeed! 12 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  hammywill:Hammy, Hammy I'm already there! Undercover you see! 12 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  hammywill:Excellent, another soldier! I may not have the Knowledge to take on the bankers at their own game, but I have forgotten more than you will ever learn about the art of WAR! 12 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  galwayman:Chilly, don't you think? Cool......... 12 days agoflag  reply+1hammywill  kennymotown:I've seen Red Dawn!...lol..hey, I have a blog you might like. It is all about making sure people know what is going on, and even HOW it is being done. I KNOW you will find it interesting.Please check it out! You won't regret it...:-)http://libertyselm.blogspot.com/ 12 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  hammywill:I will my friend! I have drug it to the side and will check it out! 12 days agoflag  reply+2galwayman  kennymotown:Thank you hammywill  for posting that link my friend a great blog indeed and I subscribed right away! Power to the People was once misused by the left now it must be our battle cry! It is the duty of every patriotic American to rise up against the  liberal nanny state and return this country to the rule of the governed with the Constitution as our guide! Our government, which has stolen power from the people and has ceased to represent our best interests,must be replaced with one that does,before it is too late! Democrat or Republican doesn't matter anymore,both are basically the same,both have robbed us of our rights! Both have given power over to the elite,who have no sense of country or honor! 12 days agoflag  reply+1galwayman  kennymotown:My friend you aren't the only one with the knowledge of war and it is well past time to rise up and take our country back! Power must always rest with the governed,by and for the people,not the elite,who have no honor and no loyalty to the principles upon which this nation was founded! It is our duty,and our obligation,to do so! 12 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  galwayman:Nice too hear that soldier, they are constantly dividing us. Can you imagine the heads must be spinning when they see we are seeing through the bullshit. Did you see the movie Matewine, I think that's how it's spelled. This is not the first time a gilded age has arose from the abuses of Capitalism. 12 days agoflag  reply0galwayman  kennymotown:It is people like this who brought on the great depression and history repeats because the elite doesn't care about anything but profit for themselves! I've said many times unless we all throw off the bullshit and unite we can't win! 12 days agoflag  reply0neuroburger  kennymotown:corporate america without its greed is like a shark that only eats tofuit's a nice fantasy (for surfers especially) but in the real world, corporatism and greed are like salt and pepper - they just seem to go together 9 days agoflag  reply0Jeremy_BensonSo true. I've been reading about new bank foreclosures for months now. Is it any surprise that the band aids we slapped over our gaping wounds are starting to slip off? 12 days agoflag  reply0XasthurNorttLearn preservation. 12 days agoflag  reply+1Jeremy_Benson  XasthurNortt:As in, like, jams and pickles? 12 days agoflag  reply+2Darevaloobama needs to send em a letter."guess you shouldn't have given out all those bonuses.ha-ha-Obama" 12 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  Darevalo:but his friends needed the money. they have jets to buy fuel for ya know.  oh lets not forget about the house in spain and the house in vail and the house in france they have to pay for the upkeep on. Ya know it's hard being rich in this day and age. Not that I would know anything about that but i do read about how hard the rich folks are haveing right now. 12 days agoflag  reply+6bailey78Let them fail we will be better off in the long run because we will then be able to start a real recovery. I would also like to know how many million did the folks running the banks get for driveing the banks into the ground again 12 days agoflag  reply+3ThatCrazyLibertarian  bailey78:The best way to rob a bank is to simply own one.  +^d 12 days agoflag  reply+1maasanova  ThatCrazyLibertarian:No need to even rob your own bank when you can just get your friends at the Federal Reserve to just print a few billion dollars for you. 12 days agoflag  reply+3bailey78  ThatCrazyLibertarian:It's more fun to wear a mask and have a gun. 12 days agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarian  maasanova:Yep...let inflation stick it to all of us. 12 days agoflag  reply+1floydyboy  bailey78:I always wondered what you did for work. 12 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  floydyboy:WORK! How dare you use such language with me  Next you will say I need a job or some shit like that. 12 days agoflag  reply+1floydyboy  bailey78:Haha, sorry. I've been trying not to use so many of them bad 4 letter words. 12 days agoflag  reply+1Mikey_Pogoloff  ThatCrazyLibertarian:-William K Black 12 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  floydyboy:no problem this time but if it happens again I will come to your house and steal all your peanut butter. 12 days agoflag  reply0ThatCrazyLibertarian  Mikey_Pogoloff:Yep.  +^d 12 days agoflag  reply0JT_Lancer  ThatCrazyLibertarian:Inflation is a monetary phenomenon, created by govt printing of money backed by nothing of intrinsic value.  If left to its own devices, prices in the market economy would gradually lower over time. 12 days agoflag  reply+1littlwarriorWell we knew going in that it would not work for 100% of the banks that funds were given to, plus the without the tarp the numbers would have kept on dropping and next thing you know we would have been in a depression. 12 days agoflag  reply+1hammywill  littlwarrior:We will end up in a depression anyway. 12 days agoflag  reply+1littlwarrior  hammywill:Maybe there is still hope. the economy has leveled off and actually started to slowly inch in the right direction. If the republicans get their way though its all over you can bet on that. trickle down economics, bah how dumb can someone be! 12 days agoflag  reply+1Darevalo  hammywill:lol end up? we're there in certain parts of the country my friend. 12 days agoflag  reply+1hammywill  Darevalo:Oh I know, I live in California...lol.. 12 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  littlwarrior:The United States does not produce anything. The economy is not leveling off, the only sector gaining is the financial service sector. These people are making RECORD profits. While inflation continues to FAR outpace wage increases. This country is going nowhere but downhill. There is no other possible outcome.Don't forget trickle down economics has also been instituted by THIS administration and Congress for the last two years. 12 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  hammywill:You make good points all around, we do need to shore up our industrial sector, hence the automotive bail out, and we could do more to boost manufacturing in our own nation with basic tarifs that would make our government money and help our own industry, and whatever trickle down this administration has done was done at the behest of the republicans, and then bitched about by republicans a week later, that does not mean that this administrations handling of the recession is perfect, but I do feel it could be doing a better job if the right would cooperate instead of just screaming loudly and doing little more. 12 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  littlwarrior:Funny, the ONE American automotive company who is doing well right now did not receive any bailout money. Also, the Auto bailout only came after a restructuring of UAW contracts. I did not see the same stipulations in regards to Executive bonuses before the banks received THEIR bailouts. It is easy to blame the right, because they are openly in favor of making Americans into Serfs. But the Democrats have had control of the House, Senate and White House for the last two years. There is no reason they could not have gotten through EVERYTHING they wanted. None, not one reason. 12 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  hammywill:except for the constant threat and use of filibusters you mean? 12 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  hammywill:and i do see what you are saying it seems the bailout didn't help that much but we had to something or thousands of jobs were going to be lost. 12 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  littlwarrior:Except that you do not need a quorum to change procedural rules and get rid of the filibuster. Which is exactly what they are considering in the Senate right now. Although that is a political move to make themselves look better because no matter what happens in the next Senate, the Republicans will have control of the House. So the Senate can end the Filibuster but they know for a fact it will have no other impact other than to garner some political points.This is why I am cynical towards both parties. They have never done anything that resulted in a benefit for me, a working class citizen. 12 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  littlwarrior:The sad thing is, I see those jobs being lost. And now, thanks to things like NAFTA (a Democratic Party treaty incidentally) there is nothing in place in the US economy to replace those jobs. Most economists think there will be at least 5 years before there is a JOB recovery in the United States. However some other economists say that if we keep doing what we are doing, how could there possibly EVER be a job recovery? The United States is a net Importer and our economy is 70% consumer driven. This means we ABSOLUTELY need people spending money. However, with skyrocketing inflation and no wage increases, coupled with no job recovery, we can not sustain the consumer spending neccesary to fuel our economy. The other thing is that the rest of our economy is driven by Financial Instruments, and those have taken such a huge hit that they are risky at BEST. Not a wise investment. So even if we wanted to lean on another substantial portion of our economy to help us through the lean times ahead, that portion of the economy is also in a free fall. The economic system in the United States can only have ONE long term outcome. Total collapse. It may not happen today...but it WILL happen. 12 days agoflag  reply0musicjohnnyAwesome! So this is what the tax dollars that I worked for and dutifully paid went to! 12 days agoflag  reply+2hammywillThey got the bailouts in time for the executives at those banks to get one last "bonus" before they collapse. Who does the government REALLY represent? It certainly is not me. 12 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  hammywill:You don't make enough money for them to worry about till you short them on your taxs. Then they want your soul. 12 days agoflag  reply+2Darevalo  bailey78:economic "responsibility". its how they getchya. (in debt... like share croppers of the 21st century) 12 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  Darevalo:i have never looked at it that way but you are SOOOooo right. 12 days agoflag  reply0Darevalo  bailey78:imma be sad if your serious... :/ i'd rather be wrong. 12 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  Darevalo:Ok! I'm going to need more info to let you know if I'm serious or not. Most of the time I'm not. 12 days agoflag  reply0JT_LancerYour taxpayer dollars at work. 12 days agoflag  reply+8telcodFree prison sex for all bankers.  Give back what you got folks. 12 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS Tron-ify Everything !!!! Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Too much fluoride in water! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Smoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords...  10 minutes agoWow they must be watching that live feed really close lol. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  12 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise Itsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  22 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  38 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog