Va. delegate to Ban Gay Soldiers from Virginia National Guard // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 43Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 87Corporations or politicians hurting America? 16Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 20, 2010| 110 commentsVa. delegate to Ban Gay Soldiers from Virginia National Guardsource: http://washingtonexaminer.com/blogs/capital-land/2010/12/virginia-del-wants-dont-ask-law-sta...An error occurred while setting up video display.donkeyfly69 added thisthere's always going to be morons in opposition to progresshttp://washingtonexaminer.com/blogs/capital-land/2010/12/virginia-del-wants-dont... groups:News, Gay, LGBT, Military, LGBTQI, Fight the NWO, Don't Ask Don't Tell, Current Conservative, Gender, The Conservative Movement 6 moretags:Gay,Human Rights,Military,LGBT,Homosexuality,Queer,Don't Ask Don't Tell,DADT,Prince William,National Guard,Bob Marshall,virigina 8 more|110 comments// Va. delegate to Ban Gay Soldiers from Virginia National Guardhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0jubalThere are just too many wack jobs in politics anymore...so few good men and women who really care about the common people. 19 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  jubal:agreed, and they sit on BOTH sides of the aisle 19 days agoflag  reply0ocanadaThe constitution's supremacy clause as well as the anti discrimination legislations within Virginia and the nation would make such an action null in void. Not to mention the fact that active duty guardsmen would have to bunk with or fight alongside gays from the regular services and NATO in Afghanistan just like they have been doing for years. 19 days agoflag  reply+1toastyguy11he just looks like an old asshole with a secret gay lover 19 days agoflag  reply+1RedHeadedWriterWhat an uneducated moron. 19 days agoflag  reply+2RMattnerToursLook at this Dick, his face says it all. Dumb arse 19 days agoflag  reply+3cantucwearebrothersHow about banning stupid politicians.  Can we start there? 19 days agoflag  reply-4congoboy  cantucwearebrothers:well the voters got a pretty good start on that in november, but it may be at least two more years before we see results that we can all believe in! 19 days agoflag  reply+3bike10Next they will band those who are left handed. 20 days agoflag  reply-3congoboy  bike10:good thing im a righty! 20 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  bike10:hey do you know how much more a left handed gun cost ? they don't just give them away ya know. Then you have to figure in left handed forks and spoons plus left handed pencils have you priced a left handed pencil lately? or a pen They are twice the price as a right handed pen or pencil. 19 days agoflag  reply0ocanada  congoboy:Well there are more gay right handed people. Just stating a fact. Not making an insenuation. I'm not asking anything. Just launching an investigation to shame you out of your job. You know what was going on during Don't Ask Don't Tell. 19 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  ocanada:i have no shame. and what job are you speaking of? you'll have to ask the cherished bill clinton on the dadt law he passed it. 19 days agoflag  reply0Anthony_Jones1This is why I don't step foot in Va, even though I am 5 min away from it's borders, once your past N. VA it's becomes a state full of backwoods rednecks! 20 days agoflag  reply0juicie  Anthony_Jones1:Have you been to Richmond...I like it there.  NOVA has more amenities, but Richmond is more affordable and has less traffic. 20 days agoflag  reply0Anthony_Jones1  juicie:I am from DC and to tell the truth I don't go to MD at all not even the Beaches, all I see is crime and crazy politicians.  I did 6 months of Grand  jury duty so I know DC has a ton of crime and bad politicians but they own up to it......MD and VA don't. 19 days agoflag  reply0juicie  Anthony_Jones1:DC is where it's at...the streets are really clean too, probably one of the cleanest cities in the country.  I go to MD to buy ever-clear every so often. VA isn't totally full of rednecks, have you heard about Delegate Harvey Morgan (R - 98th District, which is near Norfolk)?  He is a pharmacist and professor of pharmacy at Virginia Commonwealth University - The Medical College of Virginia.   He introduced a medical marijuana bill last year, and has already submitted a decrim bill for this upcoming session.  They shot it down in committee as soon as he finished presenting it, without even considering debate.  They say it has no medical value, but if a professor of pharmacy says it is medicine then you just heard if from the horse's mouth.  People like Del Morgan give me hope for Virginia...but I still think I am going to have to move to CO or CA or MA to be free.  DC's medical MJ law originally was for any one who benefits from it like in CA, but they have put so many restrictions on it, it is hardly workable and you almost have to be terminal to be in compliance.  They are probably helping the black market with their restrictions and fees. 19 days agoflag  reply0crystalman@Debra....Congratulations on demonising and dehumanising a whole mass of people. Now where have I come across that before? 20 days agoflag  reply0donkeyfly69  crystalman:where? 20 days agoflag  reply+1ozoneocean  crystalman:most of your posts I'd presume. 20 days agoflag  reply+3crystalman  donkeyfly69:Berlin in the 30s for example 20 days agoflag  reply-1ras_menelik@donkeyfly69 I didn't think you were this Debra_ person is a devils advocate at best nobody can debate such a person intelligently you will always end up going to there level then they hang you out to dry, I try to avoid this but it still happens to me and everytime I end up saying I wish I didn't go there ... 20 days agoflag  reply0donkeyfly69  ras_menelik:sorry, i can't ignore ignorant hypocrisy. i'm always up for an argument 20 days agoflag  reply-2ras_menelikdonkeyfly69 wish you didn't go there!http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_intelligence?wasRedirected=true 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69  ras_menelik:i am in no way trying to say that africans are less intelligent than americans. i said they'd have lower i.q. scores. and they would! i don't think the i.q. test is an accurate measure of intelligence or capacity for knowledge. i was just trying to prove a point that what she said was a dumbass comment 20 days agoflag  reply+3keithponder  donkeyfly69:Not a problem at all. Everybody with a brain knows the the Standard American IQ test is racial slanted towards the Caucasian race and extremely bias against African Americans. 20 days agoflag  reply+1ozoneocean  keithponder:It's not directed toward any "race", but it is true that it's quite biased towards people of different backgrounds- Whether that's regional, socio economic, "class", the type of education they had, cultural background, etc. 20 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  ozoneocean:agreed. 20 days agoflag  reply-6Debra_The south was founded on ignorance and white supremacy. These buck tooth hill billy's think playing banjo and giving new born babies mountain dew in bottles is a good idea. The south is one giant trailer park waiting to get hit by a giant hurricane Katrina. Might wash away the smell. 20 days agoflag  reply0donkeyfly69  Debra_:i know plenty of intelligent progressive southerners. you can't throw them all under the bus 20 days agoflag  reply-7Debra_  donkeyfly69:Oh but I can and I will. The average northerners' I.Q score is double that of the dim witted southerner. Johny Reb, isn't so bright. 20 days agoflag  reply+2donkeyfly69  Debra_:"The south is one giant trailer park waiting to get hit by a giant hurricane Katrina. Might wash away the smell."you think it's ok to joke about the death of hundreds of people? 20 days agoflag  reply+2donkeyfly69  Debra_:i'm sure the average northerner i.q. is higher than the average indigenous african; should they be washed away? 20 days agoflag  reply+6ThatCrazyLibertarian  Debra_:You have one sick and twisted outlook. 20 days agoflag  reply+6SamTurnbo  Debra_:Im sorry M'am but that was an extremely misinformed statement, I'm a Louisianan and even though the south has sections that are extremely "old school" and even backwards in thinking it is horrible to generalize an entire group of people like you just did, to do such a thing puts you on the same plane as the racists or homophobes that live here. That said there are some extremely progressive people in this state. Have you ever been to New Orleans or Baton Rouge or even the south for that matter? I may not be proud of some of the beliefs some of the people have here but I am extremely proud of the progress we have made and the contributions my state has made to the arts. I suppose you hate jazz and the blues too? ...Just think before you speak next time M'am. 20 days agoflag  reply-8Debra_  donkeyfly69:You are comparing apples to oranges. And the south is the heartland of the teabagger nation, why would you defend southerners? 20 days agoflag  reply+16donkeyfly69  Debra_:apples and oranges? please explain the difference.i'll defend anyone when dbags make ignorant general blanket statements about them; whether it be blacks, gays, or southerners 20 days agoflag  reply+3SamTurnbo  Debra_:Because i understand them, they're not born dumb they're just constantly bombarded by the local media and church which has a huge presence down here. The people here are not all the way that they are portrayed in the media its honestly just the loudest most uneducated who are heard because the more progressive people here are scared to speak out because you can be targeted by the church. Most people just choose to stay out of politics all together here because of that. With that said i don't think the people here should be washed away by a hurricane because I've seen them first hand and what they can do, after Katrina my entire town banded together and my school doubled in size to accommodate the people who had lost there homes in N.O. we already don't have enough books to go around but we shared what we had and worked hard to help people who had lost everything. I've heard the music and poetry these people write, I've seen the love they've shared, I've seen the good and the bad in them and they're people at the end of the day so they deserve the same respect as everyone else. We're working hard to change things down here and with the media boom and the internet its changing way faster. If you want to attack some one then attack the politicians who propagate these backwards ideas or Glenn Beck who constantly lies to people who don't know any better but don't attack a whole group based on a few. 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69  SamTurnbo:thank you 20 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  Debra_:Deb, got damn. You make me laugh (LOL) 20 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  Debra_:Got damn Deb......lighten up on em'. 20 days agoflag  reply+4Stever_B  Debra_:You opinion also seems to be founded on ignorance and white supremacy. You always paint with a mile-wide brush, dear, and it's always sloppy with boring, bland old white. 20 days agoflag  reply+2SamTurnbo  donkeyfly69:No thank you lol 20 days agoflag  reply+6onemalefla  Debra_:Just as an observer of your "debate" with SamTurnbo I have to tell you that he is coming off as the more intelligent and lucid one in the argument. You just come off as ignorant, misinformed and myopic.But that is just my opinion.I am sure you are a very rational person in real life.You may also want to try and get laid. Maybe that will remove the stick that is up your ass and pissin you off so bad. 20 days agoflag  reply+1PzLuvHappeniz  SamTurnbo:good pointsps is it weird that i read that whole comment in a southern accent haha? 20 days agoflag  reply+1SamTurnbo  PzLuvHappeniz:Thanx. Yea its a lil weird haha but its kewl 20 days agoflag  reply0donkeyfly69  PzLuvHappeniz:lol 20 days agoflag  reply+1Bazinga  Debra_:So because you dislike, to put it mildly, a group of people, you believe they should be washed away? That's awfully biblical of you, isn't it? 20 days agoflag  reply-1congoboy  Debra_:im so sorry for you debra, your southern roots are now apparent. but as they say ignorance is bliss. merry christmas! 20 days agoflag  reply-1congoboy  Debra_:beg to differ, but your head is again way up your ass 20 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Stever_B:leave the ignorant bitch alone. she obviously was raised by chimps 20 days agoflag  reply+2keithponder  congoboy:Debra is an upgrade from you on any day of the week Congoboy.Some of your comments on people of other religions, countries, nationalities and races are by far the worst that I've ever read in my entire life.Congoboy, you trying to dog Debra out is like the pot calling the kettle Black, and I am not defending her. That's just the truth. You,by far, are the biggest racist on this site. 20 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  keithponder:Nah that would be crystalman. At least congoboy is funny sometimes. 20 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  keithponder:naw her kettle is much blacker than my pot.  maybe we just need to get to know each other a little better sir, i am no more racist than jesse jackson or al sharpton. merry christmas! 20 days agoflag  reply0Fordymo  Debra_:I've been reading Debra's comments on this and other stories. This kind of nonchalant bigotry is going to lead us to heaps of problems in the future. 19 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  maasanova:They're both running neck and neck for that top position. 19 days agoflag  reply+3littlwarriorHe can try, but he will fail. He has no power or ability to do anything like this. 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69  littlwarrior:all guard branches answer to their parent branch. he's just blowing smoke for political points 20 days agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarianNo rational basis... 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69  ThatCrazyLibertarian:he's just trying to seem ultra conservative for the latest teabagging nut jobs 20 days agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarian  donkeyfly69:That's what it would seem.  It's even better to know that the trend in American jurisprudence is towards finding laws that discriminate against gays and lesbians as unconstitutional under both the Due Process Clause and Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.  There's just no way that a state could pull this crap now. 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69  ThatCrazyLibertarian:i can't stand that the teaparty has been taken over by glenn beck and the like. it feels like the rise of nazism. if you're completely hateful or ignorant you must be right. the less schooling you've had, the better candidate you are 20 days agoflag  reply+2timetide  ThatCrazyLibertarian:they also have been relying on the 9th amendment like they did in Romer v Evans and lawrence v Texas. 20 days agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarian  donkeyfly69:It's like the old GOP interests just rebranded themselves to hide their racism, homophobia and nationalism. 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69  timetide:effing crazy people 20 days agoflag  reply+2donkeyfly69  ThatCrazyLibertarian:exactly. follow the money, all the financial backers used to (and probably still do) back the gop 20 days agoflag  reply+3ThatCrazyLibertarian  timetide:Both Romer and Lawrence were decided under the Fourteenth Amendment.  While the Ninth Amendment is used in dicta, there is no controlling Ninth Amendment precedent upon which the courts rely (and it's a real shame).  Moreover, the Ninth Amendment has not been incorporated through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment and made applicable to the states.But yeah, I know exactly where where you're coming from...+^d 20 days agoflag  reply+3Dagum  donkeyfly69:It's a shame because it wasn't like that in the beginning. There was even democratic tea party candidates.Most movements get co-opted I guess.  I think it is just pandering and nothing will come of it. Maybe the log cabin republicans need to call him up and knock some sense into him. 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69  Dagum:exactly. just like the green party turned to "green washing", the teaparty has been hijacked by morons back by big industry 20 days agoflag  reply+1Dagum  donkeyfly69:The turning point was  Richard Keith "Dick" Armey became a tea party  leader. I'm all for giving someone a second chance , but this guy was a seasoned veteran politician, and suddenly he is parading around like he is grass roots? That's when I knew big industry co opted what started out as a noble movement. But if can't beat them, co-opt them. 20 days agoflag  reply+1Dagum  donkeyfly69:The time will come though. In less than ten years. The republican party will be reformed. Not from outside pressure from the liberal Democrats and the rainbow coalition. But from conservative gays within. If last election was any indicator they abandoned the democratic party and flocking  to the republican parties in droves. The log cabin republicans grow stronger every election cycle. The baby boomers are dying off. Change will come, but all political parties are changed from within. 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69  Dagum:it sucks because it showed a lot of promise for actual change in our country as opposed to hypothetical bull. now it's just a partisan shell 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69  Dagum:hopefully. but you have to understand that not all gay republicans are like me; some are self-hating nut jobs. but i guess that could be said of any party 20 days agoflag  reply+1Dagum  donkeyfly69:That's sad. There are a lot of self haters everywhere.But healthy reform can happen. There are many in the gay & lesbian community who think political annihilation of the republican party is the way to get rights. Not only is that incredibly unrealistic but it only entrenches the die-hards homophobes in their views. If conservative leaning gays work toward other conservative values,  and work within the republican party, they can make  far greater  strides  than with the democratic party. They would build up trust, and their wouldn't be  nearly the fear driven resistance. (which is the only resistance). 20 days agoflag  reply+2timetide  ThatCrazyLibertarian:thanks for the update. I'm taking a history of  the Supreme Court this winter break and I'm getting caught up in the 'effing confusing latin terms section. 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69  Dagum:thank you. i was trying to explain that to someone earlier on twitter, lol. they were trying to convince me that no gay person should be republican or in the military. as if all gays were connected by the brain and had the same feelings about issues outside of the queer community. if they think progress can be made by opposing everything someone else proposes they are no better than the party of no lol 20 days agoflag  reply0ThatCrazyLibertarian  timetide:Have fun!  Legal history is a very interesting subject.  Learning legalese is a lot easier with the internet.  Law.com has a free legal dictionary that works pretty well.  Plus, Wikipedia has gotten pretty good at synopsing SCOTUS cases. 20 days agoflag  reply+3unimatrix0typical homophobia 20 days agoflag  reply0donkeyfly69  unimatrix0:sad. he's scared to see others comfortable and happy 20 days agoflag  reply+1unimatrix0  donkeyfly69:Yes, it is sad. 20 days agoflag  reply0donkeyfly69  unimatrix0:almost makes you feel sorry for them (almost) 20 days agoflag  reply+2FtheBULLSHTNever served in the military, this guy knows what he's talking about... 20 days agoflag  reply0donkeyfly69  FtheBULLSHT:sarcasm? 20 days agoflag  reply+1FtheBULLSHT  donkeyfly69:Indeed. 20 days agoflag  reply0donkeyfly69  FtheBULLSHT:lol couldn't hear your tone through the computer screen 20 days agoflag  reply+5Nephwrackjust before they took this pic, they asked him how many male prostitutes he had been with. 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69  Nephwrack:lol i don't think he has enough fingers to show that 20 days agoflag  reply+2keithponder  Nephwrack:Wow. I'm trying to get to bed but you guys got the house on fire tonight.Fuck MNF. The happenings' are right here on Current. 20 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  donkeyfly69:Wuuwee ! 20 days agoflag  reply0donkeyfly69  keithponder:mnf? 20 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  donkeyfly69:Monday Night Football. 20 days agoflag  reply0donkeyfly69  keithponder:booo sports 19 days agoflag  reply+2Stephen_SchaeferThese are Virginia Del. Bob Marshall's words (This is not about [sexual] orientationthis is about behavior that is incompatible with military discipline and readiness, )...what does this pathetic moron think that when you are on the battle field and a soldier watching the enemy  says "stick your head up and I'll blow you away" the gays are thinking something different...... !!!! If a man or a woman has joined the military they are there for one reason to defend this country(of closed-mindedness) so we as citizens can lead our daily lives hopefully free from others that are willing to die to kill us. Now comes a man and I hardly claim him a man, that wants to ban soldiers of homo-sexual  orientation, that are there to help keep his twisted disgusting life safe as they would do for any of us, because he sees them as something vile and nonreligious. The sad part of this is he is not to only one serving in the political arena to feel this way but there are many just as he that put these mucous dripping slugs into office. I would hope that someday we as humans can get past these petty and superfluous ideals and ideas and get on with living on an equal plane. 20 days agoflag  reply0donkeyfly69  Stephen_Schaefer:"a man and ... that wants to ban soldiers of homo-sexual orientation, that are there to help keep his twisted disgusting life safe as they would do for any of us, because he sees them as something vile and nonreligious"i think it's because he's jealous that they are more comfortable with their sexuality than he is AND they look good in camo 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69response from gov. Bob McDonnell (R) of virginia:http://voices.washingtonpost.com/virginiapolitics/2010/12/mcdonnell_va_national_... 20 days agoflag  reply+1juicie  donkeyfly69:see how he got in a jab at the illegal immigrants at the end there 20 days agoflag  reply0donkeyfly69  juicie:lol 19 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69it's sad when you see closet cases running around being complete homophobes 20 days agoflag  reply+1timetideI'm pretty sure he doesn't have that power. 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69  timetide:he doesn't. all national guards and air national guards answer to the army and air force, respectively 20 days agoflag  reply+2donkeyfly69army values:LoyaltyDutyRespectSelfless ServiceHonorIntegrityPersonal Courageall are compromised by don't ask don't tell 20 days agoflag  reply+2timetide  donkeyfly69:Don't forget the Air Forces values: Core integrity, service before self, excellence in everything. You can't have core integrity while lying every single day of your carrer. You can't put service before self because every day the first concern is not being discovered. 20 days agoflag  reply+2donkeyfly69  timetide:some of the marine corp leadership principles:Know your Marines and look out for their welfare.Keep your Marines informed.Train your Marines as a team.and some marine corp traits:IntegrityJudgementJusticeKnowledgeUnselfishnessLoyaltynone of these work with don't ask don't tell 20 days agoflag  reply+2KSirysAt least we know who the real coward/assholes are... 20 days agoflag  reply+3fun_sizeOh for fucks sake... you cant get rid homosexuality! Just deal with it already. 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69  fun_size:i'm sure they're just jealous that they have to live in the closet while soldiers can now live up to army values :respect, honor, integrity 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69anyone from virginia? 20 days agoflag  reply+1juicie  donkeyfly69:Yeah I'm here in VA, thanks for sending me the link.  This dude is from PW county, they are hostile to immigrants there too. After getting into office, the new attorney general, Cuccinelli, issued a statement saying that it is legal to discriminate on prospective state employees based on sexual orientation.What surprised me is that Philip Morris, headquartered in Richmond, offers health benefits to the spouses of their homosexual employees.  They asked about that during open enrollment at my work...and they were like uh we don't have to...  Just because they are not legally required, does not mean it is not the right thing to do. 20 days agoflag  reply0donkeyfly69  juicie:wow i didn't know that about philip morris. good shit! 20 days agoflag  reply+1donkeyfly69article by anita kumar from the washington post:http://voices.washingtonpost.com/virginiapolitics/2010/12/following_this_weekend... 20 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Latest Updates UniFirst CEO Ronald Croatti Louisiana officials: parts of coastline still heavily oiled Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... 9A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 109-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... more Louisiana officials: parts of coastline still heavily oiled Anonymous OperationTunisia FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Too much fluoride in water! Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS see all new stories videos on current tvDinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  26 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  52 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  55 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. oppressed1 commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  1 hour agoHow is that hope and change thing working out for you. 2 trillion to the banks and car industry. This guy has given more to special intrest than Bush could have ever dreamed of. HE gets a pass... unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog