Dragon Age Hints and TipsHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsGames, Toys, and HobbiesComputer and Video GamesRoleplaying Video GamesDragon Age Hints and TipsDragon Age Hints and Tips86rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy SimeyCOrder here:Dragon Age: Origins AwakeningAmazon Price: $19.45List Price: $29.99Dragon Age: Origins AwakeningAmazon Price: $15.30List Price: $29.99Dragon Age Expansion: Dragon Age AwakeningsI must admit that usually I really hate when a company creates multiple expansions to get more of your money, however as this is such a great game and I really want to see more, then I am actually excited about it.From Bioware's website:From the Makers of the Best RPG of 2009, Dragon Age: Origins, comes the first official expansion pack.For centuries, the Grey Wardensthe ancient order of guardians, sworn to unite and defend the landshave been battling the darkspawn forces. Legend spoke that slaying the Archdemon would have put an end to the darkspawn threat for centuries to come, but somehow they remain.You are the Grey Warden Commander and have been entrusted with the duty of rebuilding the order of Grey Wardens and uncovering the secrets of the darkspawn and how they managed to remain.How you choose to rebuild your order, how you resolve the conflict with "The Architect", and how you determine the fate of the darkspawn will be but some of the many complex choices that await and shape your journey as you venture to the new land of Amaranthine.Quick Review: this add-on is very good; not only does it give you far more places to explore it also makes you make many choices in the running of the Grey Wardens; you will face many tough choices as you try and manage different factions within your subjects. This part is interesting and you get additional encounters based on your choices - for instance, in one part a baroness decided to try and have me killed, simply because I supported some farmers.This added diversity to the game makes it extremely fun to play; the expansion does have a lot of gameplay and a pretty decent plot itself - and with the continued excellent graphics and sound, it is well worth the additional $40 - it's like having a new game in an old familiar 'play ground'. Dragon Age: Origins: Prima Official Game Guide (Prima Official Game Guides)Amazon Price: $43.99List Price: $24.99Dragon Age: OriginsAmazon Price: $24.95List Price: $29.99Strategy Guide  Dragon Age Origins for Xbox 360 and PS3 Current Bid: $2.99 Other Great Hubs about Dragon AgeDragon Age CheatsWhile some will argue that Dragon Age isn't that difficult, there are some people (myself included) who find Dragon Age Cheats really useful. Perhaps there's one battle you can't quite do, or you simply don't...Where To Find All The Characters In Dragon Age Origins: How To Find Dragon Age Party MembersNeed help finding every member of your Dragon Age party? Read more about gathering all your Dragon Age: Origins companions. Don't miss out on a single party member!Dragon Age: Origins Tips and Tricks: A Starting Guide for Dragon AgeLooking for Dragon Age Tips? Maybe need some useful Dragon Age: Origins tricks to survive the grueling early days of your life as an adventurer? Follow this Dragon Age: Origins guide to learn how to win.Dragon Age: Origins ReviewDragon Age: Origins is a ridiculously long game with replay value to boot, a satisfying and sufficiently complex RPG with a remarkably simple, but interesting, fantasy world to play it in.Dragon Age: Origins ReviewHere we have it, BioWare's latest and greatest RPG based on a seemingly new IP. However dig a little deeper and you'll discover that Dragon Age: Origins is the spiritual successor to previous RPG, Baldur's...Download PC Games to your Hardrive.Other Dragon Age Cheats & Walkthrough sitesDragon Age: Origins Cheats Hints Codes Tips FAQ Files Achievements PS3 Playstation 3Dragon Age: Origins @ Cheat Masters - Dragon Age: Origins cheats & codes : Dragon Age: Origins hints, Dragon Age: Origins cheats, plus Dragon Age: Origins tips Playstation 3Dragon Age: Origins Guide (Guides), Dragon Age: Origins Walkthrough - IGNDragon Age - The Game**Note: Extensive Dragon Age Cheats are available - look on the right for a link to the Dragon Age Cheats site - you have been warned**Ive played most of the Roleplaying Games that are available for the PC, from the original simple AD&D games to the excellent, more recent games like The Witcher. Ive watched the games grow from simple hack and slay games into games that require thought and strategy in order to win.Dragon Age is probably one of the best games Ive played in this genre; from the makers of the highly successful game Baldurs Gate, this game really takes the whole genre to another level as it adds many elements not seen in other games. Some of the highlights for me are:Graphics  the graphics are simply stunning. Aside from a few glitches here and there (for instance, I fought one dragon who had his head stuck in a wall for the whole battle!), the graphics are very atmospheric and in many case simply breathtaking. The animation of the characters and people you meet in the game is excellent and comes very close to being natural. Sound  the sound is superlative, with atmospheric music, great voice acting and wonderful battle sounds, the sound really adds an extra element to the game. Strategy  most of the RPG games Ive played have had simple strategy; concentrate on one enemy and charge. Dragon Age takes the strategy element to a whole new level; not only can you set predetermined (and very complex) strategies for your group, but you also have to take into account the surroundings. Place your archer on the hill to get the best advantage; attack from behind for added surprise bonuses etc; setup an ambush. There are so many different strategy elements involved in the game  and rather than just being something else you can do if you want, they really are important. Without using decent strategy in some battles you will lose  this game is tough and often you are overwhelmed  proper strategy is very important. Quests  many RPG games have quests, but most of these are simply Pick up items and deliver to X. The quests and side quests in Dragon age are often diverse and complex  for instance you could have a quest to visit several apprentice wizards and tell them that they are no longer required to be an apprentice  the way in which you approach these apprentices can have different results to the quest. Choices  what I love about this game is that sometimes the choices are not black and white. For example, when assisting the Dwarves you effectively have to help choose a new king. There is no simple choice here, both choices have their good sides and bad sides, you have to use your judgment to choose the new king; your choice ultimately effects the rest of the game. There are many instances where you must make hard choices, and this makes the game very intriguing.Quick Strategy TipsPlace your archer on the hill to get the best advantageAttack from behind for added surprise bonuses etcSetup an ambushIsolate individual enemiesTake out the mages firstGeneral Hints and TipsI am sure you can find a whole boat load of hints and tips on the web; these tips are my own tips as a veteran RPG player  they may not be the best, but they work for me.Party Selection In a lot of RPG games party selection is irrelevant as quite often you can make your main character a jack of all trades, however Dragon Age is different; its essential that you get the right balance of your party, and at times this balance will change depending on the quest you are on. Some characters will have knowledge of a certain area and therefore can be useful when exploring that area. You really have to look at the abilities of each character and decide if they will be useful. For example, in some of the dungeons there are a lot of traps; if you dont have a decent rogue in your party then you will be in trouble.I tended to have a core party for most quests and then shuffled in other characters when required. I set my main character up as a warrior, and then used a healer, a rogue (or mage) and another fighter. It worked a lot of times, but at times I did change the balance.Talk to your characters.It is very important to constantly talk to your characters. Not only will it reveal important information and often improve relations with the character, but as you get to know them you will also get additional side quests from these characters. This therefore gives you more opportunity to gain experience before tackling some of the more difficult major quests.What is interesting is that often by talking to one character youll learn something about a different character, or youll get some advice or warnings about a character if they feel you are getting to close to them. This is an important aspect of the game as the relationship within the party can have a profound effect with the whole group  sometimes characters will leave the group if they cannot abide another character.Talk to everyoneEven though there are a lot of characters that play no part in the game, such as guards or townspeople, sometimes you can pick up some useful gossip by chatting. Additionally, its useful to constantly talk to NPCs, even though you may think youve done everything you can with them  sometimes, depending on your actions, additional quests or information becomes available as you progress.Strategy I mentioned this in my introduction, but as this game is very difficult (even on easy setting) then strategy is very important. You may want to charge in to the battle in real-time, but some battles require a level head and a great deal of strategy. Setting up the strategy of each character is very important; it allows you to understand exactly what will be happening in the battle.It is also essential that you use the battleground. Placing archers on hills will make them most effective; planning the fight in a narrow area so that only one or two enemies can surround you is important. The landscape will provide you with a lot of help, and use of barriers etc will help to control the battle.Dont be afraid to run from battle, or set up your own ambushes  every advantage you get will enhance your chances of winning.Know your enemyAs you progress through the game you will begin to understand your enemy. This is hugely important, as quite often it is very important to eliminate an enemy before all others  for instance, if they have a mage casting healing or defensive spells, eliminating this mage will make the battle easier to complete.Leveling upOften in games like this I allowed the computer to auto-level-up characters, however in this game it is important that you take the time to level up each character. This allows you to concentrate on elements of skills that will enhance your own personal strategy. You might want to concentrate on trap detection and elimination skills for your rogue, or concentrate on healing skills with one character. ZoomIve always enjoyed having the ability to zoom in and out while playing RPG games, however for the first time I actually use this for tactics. Having the ability to zoom out and have a top down view assists me greatly, allowing me to look at the terrain, the position of enemies and the best places to put my archers and wizards. Weapons and EnchantmentsIn other RPG games I used to get one weapon, and enchant it to make it the most powerful. What I am finding with Dragon Age is that I need to have several weapons with different enchantments, and then chose which weapon is suitable against which enemy. Pairing the right weapon with the right enchantment is important, and can make the difference when fighting some of the larger enemies. Theres a lot of trial and error involved, working out which enchantment is most effective against which enemy, but the effort really pays off.Herbs, Potions etc.Due to the intensity of some of the battles, having sufficient potions (magical and health) is important. It is therefore very important not only to spend efficiently to get the best potions, but also have someone with herb lore so that you can use herb skills to create potions. While some monsters will have potions on them when you loot them, there never seems to be enough.General With many games I usually zoom through the main quest so I can finish the game quickly. While this may work for some in Dragon Age (they must be cleverer that Napoleon) this simply doesnt work in this game as the lack of experience really makes a difference in some of the bigger battles in the main quests  I therefore spend a lot of time doing the smaller sub-quests in each location, trying to finish all the location oriented quests first, and then going on to the multiple location quests. The game seems to be setup so that each locations sub-quests get more difficult, so this strategy works well.A great way to gain extra experience is to travel from one location to another  youll get plenty of random encounters  this may get a little boring but experience and leveling up is very important in this game  even when your characters are high level, the game is still very challenging.Dragon Age in the News'Dragon Age 2' Pre-Orders Include Free DLCMTV45 hours agoIf you're willing to commit now to buying "Dragon Age 2" by way of a pre-order, you're going to get quite the nice hookup in the form of DLC at launch. Those who place a pre-order for the game before January 12 will be put down for a copy of the "Dragon Age 2" Signature Edition. [...]Dragon Age II upgrade ends soonAdrenaline Vault22 hours agoPre-order Dragon Age II before January 11, and receive an automatic upgrade to the BioWare Signature Edition. The Signature Edition is a special collectors edition of the game that contains additional content, exclusives, and other perks. This edition is only available through Monday, so pre-order now. And the first DLC for the title has been [...]Dragon Age 2 system requirements revealed; first DLC trailerBig Download Blog2 days agoFiled under: RPG , Dragon Age 2 With Dragon Age 2 set for an early March release, developer BioWare has now added the PC versions' minimal and recommended system requirements for the RPG sequel to the game's FAQ page. You can check out the system specs after the jump. In related news, you now have less that four days to pre-order the regular edition of the game in order t o get all of the Dragon ...Baldur's Gate 4 in 1 BoxsetAmazon Price: $15.99List Price: $89.99The Witcher EnhancedAmazon Price: $19.99The Dark Eye: DrakensangAmazon Price: $13.99List Price: $9.99RisenAmazon Price: $21.22List Price: $39.99Neverwinter Nights 2 GoldAmazon Price: $14.99List Price: $29.99If you love Dragon Age then you'll love:Top 10 rpg games for PCI am a long time fan of rpg games. What I like about them is that you get attached to your character as well as the world they occupy. If you care about what happens to your character, the game becomes a lot...The Witcher (PC RPG)I've played Role Playing Games (RPG) for years, starting with AD&D and many other table top games. Over the years, as I've grown older and the 'people' I played these games with moved away or got married, I began to play these games on the PC. Thvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful (1)Video Games: Dragon Age CheatsVideo Games: Top Ten (best) PC Games of all time.CommentsDame Scribe13 months ago My sons are die-hard Halo fans but everything you mentioned they also rave about too. Great information! :)gazook13 months ago Great article! I've really been looking forward to this game, now it's definitely about time to get to work. I certainly won't cheat though ;)SimeyC13 months ago Gazook - thanks! I've been playing similar games like this for nearly 30 years and I can honestly say this is the best. It's the only one I've never wanted to cheat to get to the end; it's engrossing, challenging and at times fun - the story is good and the way it gives me moral dilemmas is excellent! Well worth it - good luck with the game!Kelvyn Ross13 months ago Great thread - you convinced me.First time for everything Simey :)SimeyC13 months ago KR: glad to hear it - shame there's not a version with Net play!mercon13 months ago nice tips and tutorial :)SimeyC13 months ago mercon: thanks - hopefully I can help someone out with this tough game!Winterfate12 months ago Awesome article! :)I've yet to get this game, but will seriously consider it once the price drops.Dylan12 months ago Amazing game haven't even owned it for a month and im absolutely loving it the story line is phenominalnoah11 months ago i have it on my x-box and its amazing great article.!cameciob11 months ago SimeyC, this is a great review. A colleague of mine recomanded to me some days ago but I was cluless abou it until i found your hub. Thanks.stephensaldana11 months ago Hugely enjoyable hub!!!!!!I have great passion for the games like witcher. I just love them. They provide huge fun culminated with tremendous entertainment. Thank a lot for providing so informative hub.O__O11 months ago Really lucky to come here. Thanks for this useful article.Time Spiral11 months ago @DA:O,I also really enjoyed this game. But to me, this game still represents only the husk of what it could have been. I know there are massive differences between the PC and Console versions, but even taking that into account, there is still a lot left to be desired.NO SPOILERS in this comment, but ...Proluge - choose your own adventure body - End-game. That's it. That's the game. You see human / human-esque villages, a forest, some temples, a few caves/dungeons, a fortress, some mountains, a sprawling city ... all staples in the Medieval Fantasy RPG, but, sans the Sloth Dream Sequence, where exactly is the fantasy element in this game? None of those locales are fantastic, but rather fairly normal.Magic, dragons, monsters, the now-requisite scourge ... all-staples. But where is the fantasticness?Maybe I should write a critical review as a response to this one. That might be fun!Be peaceful on your way,Time_SpiralingSimeyC11 months ago Time Spiral: there are a couple of areas (a whole section of the game) which could be considered out side the norm for a Fantasy game - but I guess you are right in a way - I guess you have to class this 'tradional' or 'epic based' fantasy - which generally are based in an 'earth' like environment. Perhaps the only one to break from this a little is Divinity II - which allows you to be a dragon and does have some innovative ideas for a fantasy rpg - if they could meld the two then you'd have something very good. Divinity 2 was good but it only allows you to have a single character - and while the quests are good, they are more like your typical go here, fetch that type quests....Time Spiral11 months ago @Simey,What section? I mentioned the Sloth Dream-Sequence as something that definitely stands out from the rest. Am I forgetting something?Neither stunning, or breathtaking come to mind when thinking of the graphics either. Granted, I played the console version, which is at a constant zoom level. I'm definitely going to have to write a critical review, now ... There is so much this game did right, while at the same time doing so much wrong.SimeyC11 months ago @Time Spiral: the PC graphics were pretty stunning. I've played several games that look OK on the console but stunning on a high powered PC - the best example of this is Fallout 3! My daughter has the XBOX version of Dragon Age and it isn't anywhere as good as the PC.Personally, and I guess it's all subjective, but I thought the whole dwarf underground section was pretty impressive something I haven't with the same Grandeur before - sure most games have underground dungeons and castles etc, but this is the only one I have seen (aside from another recent game) that had a whole city underground.I agree that the game did a lot right - there was also a lot wrong - but it gives them something to improve on and is a definate improvement of baldur's gate.I look forward to your review.SimeyC11 months ago @Time Spiral: the PC graphics were pretty stunning. I've played several games that look OK on the console but stunning on a high powered PC - the best example of this is Fallout 3! My daughter has the XBOX version of Dragon Age and it isn't anywhere as good as the PC.Personally, and I guess it's all subjective, but I thought the whole dwarf underground section was pretty impressive something I haven't with the same Grandeur before - sure most games have underground dungeons and castles etc, but this is the only one I have seen (aside from another recent game) that had a whole city underground.I agree that the game did a lot right - there was also a lot wrong - but it gives them something to improve on and is a definate improvement of baldur's gate.I look forward to your review.Jordy11 months ago @SimeyC  I think DAO is the BEST game I have ever played...barnone. I was blown away when Oblivion came out ( maybe I should not have been?)and it had really good graphics (even better on my newer PC; dell XPS 720). But the shear "volume" of this game is mind numbing!! I have to take breaks regularly as a result of it all! I have never HAD to do that before....ever. This will be a game very hard to top. And the Sloth Demon sequence has been my favorite so far (not even close to 1/2 done!). I wish there were some way to get the cheats to work on my, apparently, streamable version. they would come in handy for sure. With that, I was wondering, was the "streamable" part an option at the install, or is it a different dvd all together? I am willing to go back and re-install if it was an option, but I am so far in the game tha I need to know for sure. Thanks!SimeyC11 months ago Jordy - to be honest I do not know. I downloaded the game from Direct2Drive and don't recall an option - I don't even know what 'streaming version' is - it was just something that I came across when someone contacted me relating to these cheats...so I researched and found out they don't work on the streamed version.If you have the original disk, I'd reinstall and see if you get the option - before you do this, make a copy of all the save files - it shouldn't over-ride them on re-install, but if it does you'll have to copy them back! Worst case scenario is that you lose the entire save game!!!Obscurely Diverse11 months ago Hey, SimeyC.  That was a thorough game review with lots of tips and advice; good hub.Quick tip for you:You might want to delete the commenting individual above me named "Tony" since, if you click on his name/link, it leads to a porn promoting site called "puppy juice."  Nothing against porn, it just seems to be a little "spammy" for HubPages, don't ya think?  Besides, many of us are tired of seeing spammers trying to get backlinks from posts that we have put effort into.  Delete that crap; thanks.SimeyC11 months ago Obscurely Diverse: thanks for spotting - normally I vet them a little better!james1245 months ago okay so DOA was pretty good ill admit that, i liked the graphics, Awakenings was a little shoddy with way to many glitches and choppy gameplay, but it was still fun. I did not like the slothe demon part but its easy enough to just blow through. my favorite is dual weapon, when i got to dual fullsized weapons. whewee awesomenitehawkflashington5 months ago this review was AWESOME. even though i have played through multiple time its still interesting to see others views. i agree the dwarven home was  neat. that was actually where i originally started playing,  the concept that it was multiple cities connected through tunnels was a brilliant idea on bioware's part. i personnaly think they should have more talents for the rogue and warrior classes but thats my on issuenitehawkflashington5 months ago this review was AWESOME. even though i have played through multiple time its still interesting to see others views. i agree the dwarven home was  neat. that was actually where i originally started playing,  the concept that it was multiple cities connected through tunnels was a brilliant idea on bioware's part. i personnaly think they should have more talents for the rogue and warrior classes but thats my on issueDistraught4 months ago i know this is a Dragon Age hub, awesome game btw, i have played it several times love it, but im having problems runing the Witcher...I bought because it looked good and i had heard some good things about it....but i tried to install the game on my laptop...and then tried to play it....but it wont run. i have a windows7 operating system....so if figured that would be good enough... but the message it gives me when i select play is that i need to have administrator privilages (or something like that) to run the game for the first time.... but the thing is i AM the admin for my laptop....also when i log on to my LT it tells me that something on my comp has disabled a driver or something.......can anyone offer me some help?SimeyC4 months ago Distraught - do you have the Windows 7 with Windows XP mode? If so try running in Windows XP! Otherwise, right click the icon and check that 'run as administrator' is set! I'll install Witcher on my Windows 7 PC on the weekend and see if I have a similar problem!SimeyC4 months ago You might also try running in compatibility mode:To run the game in compatibility mode:1.     Open the Program Compatibility troubleshooter by clicking the Start button.2.     Click on Control Panel.3.     In the search box, type troubleshooter.4.     Click Troubleshooting.5.     Under Programs, click Run programs made for previous versions of Windows.6.     Follow the instructions in the troubleshooter.Distraught4 months ago Wow didnt expect a reply so quickly haha...but i have the enhanced version of the Witcher. would that make any difference at all?SimeyC4 months ago It shoudn't - I have the advanced version too!Distraught4 months ago Mkay, tried all that you said to no avail..the same message pops up no matter how i try to open or run it... :/SimeyC4 months ago I'll try on the weekend and see what I can come up with!Distraught4 months ago okay. i'll keep my eye on the hub.Distraught4 months ago I take it you couldnt figure it out?SimeyC4 months ago Distraught - sorry! My Dad came in from England so haven't had a chance yet - check back in about a week or so and I'll see if I can get it working....SimeyC3 months ago Still haven't had a chance to download but here's a couple of forum entries that may assist:Run as admin:http://social.answers.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/vInstall lates patch:http://www.thewitcher.com/forum/index.php?topic=24Other options:http://social.answers.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/vSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesDisclaimerI have not been paid by anyone to promote the above, and in now way do I directly earn by expressing my views, or by you purchasing the product. I may earn revenue if you click on some of the links in the site.96SimeyCFrom NJ, USA800 Followers373 HubsJoined 17 months agoRead more hubs by SimeyCContact SimeyCFollow SimeyCSubscribe to SimeyC's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk SimeyC a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsDo men wear hair extensions?asked by telltale 3 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionChristmas crafts for pre-teensasked by Hope Wilbanks 14 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsDragon Age: Origins Tips and Tricks: A Starting Guide for...by Len CannonWhere To Find All The Characters In Dragon Age Awakening:...by Len CannonFinal Fantasy XIII Hints, Tips and Cheatsby SimeyCDivinity 2 cheatsby SimeyCWhere To Find All The Characters In Dragon Age Origins: How...by Len CannonDragon Age Cheatsby SimeyC Roleplaying Video Games ForumTopicRepliesWho's played the new Final Fantasy Game? FF XIIIposted by SimeyC22Final Fantasyposted by theageofcake33Fallout New Vegas released this week!!!!posted by warchild758Post a new topic2 more topics Tagsgifts strategy dragon age pre-order rpg games dragon age awakenings Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.213 sec)  working