Dead End - A reporter's struggle with Capital PunishmentHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesSocial IssuesCrime and Justice IssuesDead End - A reporter's struggle with Capital PunishmentDead End - A reporter's struggle with Capital Punishment65rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy lisadprestonMy passionsIf I were asked what my passions were, I would have to say number one is saving abused animals and two, ending capital punishment. I am a firm believer in Justice for All and accountability. Not wanting murderers to be executed by "We the People" does NOT mean that I condone their wicked behavior. Quite the contrary. Maybe in my twisted mind I think death is too easy a way out for them. Maybe I feel ashamed for playing God in deciding who should live and die. I don't actually make those decisions but when the state murders for me, I guess I'm included in that process even if it is indirectly. I don't ever want to be so grandiose in thought that I feel I can make decisions that my heart tells me only God has the right to make. Never the less, I struggle with this business of the Death Penalty. I despise murderers, yet how can I claim to know the heart and mind of a man? Can people actually redeem themselves? Totally transform their thinking? How would I feel if I were the wife or mother of the victim of a murderer? Would I want them executed? Would I forgive them and let God have his revenge? I wonder if many of us could be provoked to an anger or rage that could land us on death row ourselves. And so I continue to struggle.......... Michael Beuke in the middle during his 1983 trial file photo from The Cincinnati Enquirer It's A Wonderful LifeMichael Beuke, also known as "The mad hitchhiker" is scheduled to be executed on May 13, 2010. On his crime spree he would pose as a hitchhiker, even carrying a gas can while compassionate citizens would pick him up only to be shot and left for dead. Two of his victims, Gregory Wahoff, and Bruce Graham survived and one, Robert Craig, died. Beuke was sentenced to DEATH for the aggravated murder of Robert Craig in 1983. He has been sitting on death row for 27 years. This is a man who admitted guilt, there was no question of innocence, and he gets to tie up the court system with appeals and live for 27 more years. The average stay on death row for an inmate before they are executed is 14 years. Some would be appalled at that number, let alone 27 years which is almost double the average time. The Hamilton County judge who sentenced him, Norbert Nadel, says "He needs to be executed." Nadel wrote to the Ohio Adult Parole Authority asking the sentence to be imposed. "Michael Beuke is an unremorseful cold-blooded killer whose execution is long past due." Robert Ruehlman was a prosecutor on the case in 1983. "It's just unbelievable to me that a guy can be on Death Row for 26 1/2 years," Ruehlman said. "What's the purpose of the death penalty then?" Many citizens would ask the same question.Beuke asks for clemencyOn April 12, 2010 I was privileged to attend Michael Beuke's Parole Board hearing. The board consisted of seven members who listened attentively to the prosecution, the defense team, the victims widows, and several clergy and friends of Beuke. We watched a video made by the defense team which was trying to convince the Parole Board that MIchael Beuke was a changed man. Kenneth Murray, one of his federal attorneys said that Beuke has completely changed. He claims that the prison system worked. The structure of prison and his being away from negative influences has caused his reformation. He has become spiritual, prays daily and attends church in the prison. In the video we got to see some of Beuke's art work in the form of greeting cards. Beuke's work assignments while incarcerated at the Mansfield Correctional Institution included Library Aide, Tutor, Clerk and Artist. He was assigned to the extended privilege unit while at this institution. Since his transfer to the Ohio State Penitentiary, his work assignment has been as an Environmental Porter and Library Aide. He is also currently assigned to the extended privilege unit at OSP.Since his admission, Beuke has never been placed in disciplinary control. He has received nine conduct reports since 1983 when he was first admitted to prison. Along with being actively involved in religious service musical programs, bible studies and worship services, he has been a member of both the inmate library and religious services advisory committees. Beuke has also participated in several community service programs and donated numerous art projects to various community service agencies. I have copies of a few certificates that he earned during his 27 year prison stay. One is for a volunteer Tutor Workshop, another is for participating in the M.A.D.D. Red Ribbon Campaign. He was awarded a certificate for his help in the school box top project, and 3 others for donating crafts to the Sojourner House, and local charities. His most recent accomplishments were in in 7/2008 for completing a workshop "Coping with Change" and "Commitment to Change" in 10/2008.A video submitted by Sister Alice Gerdeman, Director of the non profit organization "Families That Matter," detailed Michael Beuke's redemption and contributions to the organization. Sister Gerdeman also reports that Michael Beuke serves on the Board of Directors and is a converted, changed man deserving clemency. I met Sister Gerdeman at the Romell Broom botched execution in Lucasville, Ohio. She also heads an organization called Ohioan's To Stop Executions. She is a compassionate, dedicated person and I value her opinion.Beuke has many pen pals and supporters. His friends state that he writes long beautiful letters. I have had a couple of lengthy conversations with a long time pen pal, Leland Schneider, who became aware of Beuke via Beuke's mother Maria. Mr. Schneider and his wife went to the same church as Maria and often times gave her rides to the services. Mr. Schneider is 88 years young and in my opinion a true Christian. He doesn't just talk the talk, he walks the walk. He has a giving spirit and has dedicated himself to helping Death Row inmates. He honestly believes Beuke is a changed man and should not be put to death. All in all, I would say Michael Beuke has had a pretty good life on Death Row for the past 27 years. Aside from not having to pay any bills such as rent, car payment, food, health insurance, etc. you know, the things you and I worry ourselves sick about, he also gets to be creative, do charity work, have a social life, have a career as a librarian, attend church services, learn to play a musical instrument, take classes, sit on board of directors as a member, be looked up to by his peers and have leadership roles. In fact, I'm rather envious. The way he gets to live a stress free fulfilled life makes me wonder why everyone isn't going on murder sprees. I hardly see the punishment part of his being incarcerated. I'm thinking that if it appeared as though Beuke was suffering some sort of punishment, people might have more sympathy and feel that justice was being served. Could we make him accountable for his actions in some way other than him saying, I'm sorry?Defense Speaks and Prosecution Gives RebuttalKenneth Murray, one of Beuke's federal attorneys argued in support of clemencyBeuke grew up in extreme poverty. His father, Herman Beuke, worked at a local St. Vincent De Paul thrift store for more than 20 years earning $93.00 per week. The family relied on the generosity of members of their church and the assistance of local charities that provided food to the poor. Michael was an only child and his father criticized everything he did. Beuke is a changed man. He has had a positive impact on fellow prisoners and people outside the prison. He provides services to the community. Beuke seeks life in prison so that he can be of service to others. He promises! Father Rosenbaum, who ministers to Beuke, says that "He is the most remorseful prisoner I have ever met." Throughout his time in prison, Beuke's focus has been on others, not himself. Beuke does not deny guilt nor contest the facts or procedural history of his case. Beuke suffers from neurological damage that contributed to his previous violent behavior.Ron Springman of the Hamilton County Prosecutor's Office and Stephen Maher of the Ohio Attorney General's Office presented the following arguments.MIchael Beuke was known to the Hamilton County area as the Mad Hitchhiker, a homicidal murderer who forced his victims at gunpoint to secluded areas in an effort to kill them. Overwhelming evidence was presented at trial to include a .38 caliber revolver which was used in the commission of all crimes. Beuke's fingerprints were found on two of the victims vehicles, Several witnesses testified at trial as to Beuke's involvement. There is no evidence to support claims of parental abuse and neglect. Beuke was reared in a religious, stable home. Psychologists who examined him after his arrest, say that Beuke displayed an inflated sense of self and manipulative tendencies. Given that there is a lack of apparent motive in this case, it is likely that Beuke committed the offenses just for the sake of killing. Beuke's reconnection with his religious beliefs is largely due to a strong Catholic upbringing, as supported by the fact that his parents sent him to a Catholic school. His parents also enrolled him in the Boy Scouts organization. Beuke blamed drugs and alcohol as influences in his decisions during the commission of his crimes; however he is able to recall every detail of his crimes 27 years later. Significant planning by Beuke occurred in order to avoid detection of his crimes. The Board must consider whether Beuke is sincere in his expression of remorse and redemption, or whether those expressions are further evidence of his tendency to manipulate. Beuke denies that he told Michael Cahill that victim Robert Craig stated that he forgave Beuke right before Beuke killed him. It is likely that Beuke does not want to admit this very callous act to friends and supporters, as it strikes at the core of the Christian religion, and refutes the argument that he is remorseful and redeemed.The Courageous Victims and Their FamiliesMy heart aches for the victims and the families that continue to suffer due to losing a husband and father.  I heard the widow of Robert Craig speak at the Parole Board hearing along with the widow of now passed away victim, Gregory Wahoff.  Susan Craig was pregnant with their third child when her husband was delivering fresh fish as his occupation.  He picked Beuke up only to be murdered.  She had called him at work that dreadful day to tell him that they got the duplex they had been trying to buy.  He had already left to deliver the fish and she would never get to tell him of their good news.  Mrs. Craig stated that if Michael Beuke has changed, that is wonderful.  However he was handed a sentence of death and Beuke should be ready to meet his maker if he is right with God.  When she  spoke of the the grandchildren that she now has, being a grandmother myself, I wanted to burst into tears.  She paused, half smiling, half crying, saying, "Bob, a grandfather, He would have liked that."  Losing her husband while having three children to take care of has caused her much hardship emotionally and financially.  She has relied on Mr. Craig's parents and talked of how they have been so supportive and wonderful.  She feels this has been a long, long haul and Beuke's execution has been long overdue.Joann Wahoff's husband Gregory Wahoff,  spent  his remaining 23 years in a wheelchair  with  75%  of his body paralyzed.  She  spoke from her heart  explaining  the  suffering  of  her husband flopping around like a fish in bed trying to dress himself.  The family lost the breadwinner when Beuke shot Gregory in the back and face and that required Mrs. Wahoff to go back to work and take care of a 13 month old son by herself.  They became financially devastated and lost their home.  I met her 13 month old son who is now a grown man and he is a wonderful human being that is no stranger to suffering.  Mrs. Wahoff is still angry and she stated to me that she will be mad until the day she dies.  My prayer for her is that somehow, someway, she will find some sort of peace of mind for her own well being.  She is a lovely person who has suffered needlessly for far too long.Karen Ho, from Victim Services read a letter from surviving victim Bruce Graham.  He has met with Michael Beuke while in prison to get answers from him.  He wanted to see if he was really reformed and had changed.  He wanted to know for himself.  This courageous man believes Beuke has changed and has forgiven him.  He asked the Board to grant clemency in the form of life without the possibility of parole.  His letter stated that he is not against the death penalty but thinks that one more life taken at this point would not solve anything.  He also believes Beuke would be an asset to fellow inmates and the prison community should his life be spared.  I believe Mr. Graham is clearly the bigger man and stands taller than any red wood tree.  His forgiveness and generosity demonstrates what a true Christian really is although I know nothing of his religious convictions.The "Mad Hitchhiker" will most likely get his last Free ride to the Death HouseOn April 21, 2010 the Parole Board released their decision and recommendation to Governor Ted Strickland. In a 7-0 vote, the Board recommends that executive clemency be DENIED.Their reasoning is based on the following:1. The offenses were extremely aggravating, as evidenced by the fact that they were committed against multiple, stranger victims on three separate occasions. They were committed with prior calculation and design. Beuke lured the victims who thought they were helping him.2. These offenses caused extensive fear to the community prior to Beuke's capture.3. Beuke's 27 years of good conduct, programming, community service, and religious conversion do not outweigh the aggravating circumstances.4. There were insufficient arguments presented to demonstrate that Beuke likely suffers from brain damage.Dale Baich, one of Beuke's federal public defenders out of Arizona, says he is disappointed. Beuke's defense team are negotiating with prison officials and the Ohio Attorney General's Office about transferring Beuke to a Youngstown hospital for a brain scan to determine if a disorder may have contributed to Beuke's crimes. It is reported that Beuke suffers from seizures. It would be my guess that the brain damage issue will be part of any last minute appeals. Dale Baich and Kenneth Murray are excellent attorneys and I wouldn't expect anything less from them to try and save their client at the last minute. Both have impressive resumes and if I were ever in trouble, I would feel confident having them defend me. I might also add that Kenneth Murray has a degree in psychology and sits on a mental health board. With his expertise in mental health, I'm sure he is privy to knowledge concerning Beuke's neurological problems more so than we laymen who can only speculate.We now will wait for Governor Ted Strickland's decision. Most likely he will follow the Boards recommendation. Although that isn't always the case. Strickland once counseled death row inmates before becoming governor and is an ordained minister. It is clear that his ministering doesn't interfere with his governing seeing as how 13 death row inmates have been executed on his watch. Twenty four were executed under Governor Bob Taft. We, in Ohio, are second to Texas. Texas resumed executions in 1982 and have killed 452 death row inmates while Ohio resumed in 1999 and has killed 37 death row inmates. A pretty large gap but none the less we are second.My ThoughtsIn dissecting Michael Beuke's case and having many sleepless nights reading over and over court transcripts, talking with the victims' families and hearing the defense and prosecution's arguments, I think Michael Beuke is a clever manipulator who has had 27 years of good practice to hone his skill. I suppose anyone would change after 27 years or at least I would hope. As much as I despise this man and all of the pain he has caused so many for no good reason, I still want him to live. I don't feel justified in any way to become the murderous monster that he is. It is not my right to kill, even if the state does it for me. I am not a religious person but I do feel only God has the right to take a life and if any revenge be taken, let it be by God, not me. I have to meet my maker someday too and I don't want killing on my list of dirty deeds. I have enough on my list as it is. My hope is that everyone involved with this case will find closure and peace of mind, no matter what the outcome may be.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny Awesome (6)Beautiful (1)Social Politics: Dead End: Part 2 The ExecutionSocial Politics: Ohio on record pace as execution "killing field."Commentsjack_the_writer8 months ago Excellent piece on Michael Beuke and the dilemmas of covering such a controversial, complicated topic. You'll no doubt trigger some heated discussion here, particularly over the extended honors at Ohio State Penitentiary which I had never heard up. You are mining new territory there. You've also got me wanting to know more about all the players involved in this life-and-death drama, as his final chapter approaches. Wonderful job trying to remain as objective and impartial as possible on a sensitive topic the no doubt tests your biases and tugs on your emotions. Hoping you have the time and energy to keep covering this topic in depth, Lisa.loveofnight8 months ago cracking write-upDe Greek8 months ago Hi Lisa, good to see you active again and amongst the living..:-)This is really such a powerful issue very well presented and creates serious moral questions. I am amongst those who believe that imprisonment is the only acceptable punishment.I also suspect that for someone to actually want to take a life there must be something wrong with him mentally. But I can sympathise with the relatives of the victims who might want the death sentence for someone who has caused so much suffering.Look forward to reading more of your stuff.De Greek8 months ago It's a relief to see that you were just busy. I thought something was wrong and sent you an email, but no reply. I did not know how to contact one of your relatives to see if you are Ok :-)H P Roychoudhury8 months ago It is a topic of utmost importance for human life. Apart from the feelings of a wife or mother of a murderer and the distress of the victim caused by the murderer, the death is also a punishment of deterrent to keep the order in the human society. Without order and discipline in the society, the life is worst than beasts.tonymac048 months ago You know how I feel about the death penalty. I just want to support you and thank you for writing such a wonderful piece which must have been difficult.Thanks for your work at making the world a more jsut and less brutal place.Love and peaceTonyGranny808 months ago Hi Lisa you wrote avery factful article.I am proud of you.Your best yet.I am glad you didn't get to meet Beuke if you think he would have won you over.He is a con man not  worthy of an once of pity.I thought death row inmates were supposed to be locked up 24/7 in a private cell not help running the prison.That has got to stop.I think after 2 years of appeals they should be put to death.why should the tax payers pay for a murderer for 27 years him living a better life than most of us.I am sorry but thats how I feel.IF you do the crime you have to pay.Love your GrannyWayne Brown6 months ago Lisa...you presented a balanced and objective piece here on the discussion of the death penalty and you did it while making the case for your own feelings. This is a very difficult issue unless you are passionate in your feelings about it. There is a very broad "null" area in which I think many people tend to fall...they are neither for it or against it. I have two views of my own that keep me in doubt. One, murder is the result of a "sick" mind. People who have the ability to reason properly do not kill others. Two, the death penalty is invoked as a deterrent to potential crime but how effective is it? I don't know if there is a good answer. We can say people change, turn them loose on society only to have them kill again. We can keep them locked up for the rest of their life...50 or 60 years which seems like a fairly cruel circumstance and an expense one when multiplied by some factor or we can send them to the same fate they so willingly sent their victims prior to being apprehended. As I have stated, I do not see a good solution. Thanks for a stimulating read.  WBlisadpreston6 months ago Thank you Wayne for coming by to read.  I get accused of being some bleeding heart liberal all of the time.  Actually, I'm a republican in theory.  If murdering back these killers would solve something I might be for it.  It doesnt deter crime, it doesnt bring closure to the families, it costs far more to sentence someone to death due to years of appeals etc. because we pay for their public attorneys along with their prosecution, and sometimes the guys are really innocent because we all know that people see what they want to see and DNA wasnt used 30 years or 20 years ago like it is now.  Of course these killers are mentally ill.  As you said, they wouldnt kill if they were sane, rational people.I am really tough on crime.  I want these guys to stay in prison with no parole and have to work like dogs to earn their keep.  Prison isn't harsh enough as far as punishment.  Also I would like to eliminate the reasons why people commit crimes and work on solutions instead of just saying lets killem.  Killing them makes us as bad as they are and sends a double sick messege to our children.  I hope these guys change in prison after time goes by but they should never be allowed to see the outside of a prison again.  Unless its in a chain gang or fighting in wars for us since they love to kill anyway.  Americans have become desensitized to death and it shouldnt seem like business as usual to kill someone even if it is a death row inmate.  Thank you so much for your comment and for taking the time to evaluate this problem.  L.P.ACSutliff6 months ago Hiya Lisa,I didn't have time to read all of this, so I will be back, but for now, I must say how very brave of you to write such strongly opinionated words on this controversial subject. All people have that one something they care so much about that they will proudly voice their opinions, but for me it will always be through my fiction, so I can hide behind my characters--is that what the author believes or just what her characters feel? How weak is that?So kudos to you! You have found your voice, and you don't hold back where others would falter.~AClisadpreston6 months ago Writers know that it is usually what the author believes.  You are not weak, ever.  There are just different avenues to show what we think.  I wish I had your imaginative way to express what you feel, whether it be through characters.  That is a gift.  I cannot tell you how good your comment made me feel.  If I could just reach one person in my lifetime with a truth then I feel I have changed the world and it was all worth it.  It is hard being the odd man out, the one who is always different and has an unpopular opinion. I will never follow the crowd if the crowd is wrong.  I answer to something much higher than man.  Thank you so much for reading and your very kind words.ACSutliff6 months ago Wow Lisa!I read it, and I can't believe how awesome you are! You really put some thought into what you decide to believe, whereas most people will do what Wayne says and decide not to have an opinion until they have a personal connection to the topic. It is so easy to hate this guy and wish they would just end it, but you take the high road and stand by what you have decided to  believe.I want to be like you. :)~AClisadpreston6 months ago AC-  You give me more strength and ecouragement than you will ever know.  Your comments mean so much to me.  Nobody has ever said to me, "I want to be like you".  I am usually thought to be crazy and am hated for my way of thinking.  I'm glad that you cannot see me crying right now.  Thank you for your kindness.  Love, LPacanderson245 months ago Hello,Sometimes I think about all the people who have been executed. And you have to think, how many of them were innocent of the crimes they were accused. Then you think of all the people who were guilty....what have their executions changed? Nothing. When a "horrible" crime is committed, we all want the person who committed that crime caught and punished. But, at what expense? It is hard to find anything positive in a corrupt system, that is supposed to correct the corrupted.......Write on young lady......lisadpreston5 months ago acanderson- thank you for coming by and reading. You said it right on finding anything positive in a corrupt system.  Prisons are big business.  We house common thieves, drug dealers, prostitutes, etc. in prisons that were made originally to house murderers and keep them from society, not kill them.  How is it that we have petty criminals in prisons?  Big money.  How is it that we kill because they killed if it is so wrong ?  Big money.  Aimed at the poor and black mostly.  The rich white guys can get good attorneys and work out deals and heaven forbid they execute one of their own.  Rehabilitation? Ha.  For what?  Rehabilitate you to kill you?  What a joke.  I have no faith in the justice system anymore.  Those days are long gone.  Thank you for your comment.PegCole175 months ago Lisa, I'm fascinated with this piece you've written about the death penalty and crime and accountability. Well spoken (written) on a touchy topic that stirs people in so many different ways. You've presented an important view here. I truly enjoyed the read.lisadpreston5 months ago PegCole17-Thank you so much for reading and commenting.  I value your opinion because I think so highly of you and what you stand for.  You're the best!Website Examiner3 months ago Lisa D. Preston, you write really well and have well-researched a subject that has interested me for many years. I have done some research and fiction writing on the topic, read some journalistic accounts as well. I have enjoyed discussing these issues with you, and hopefully we will have the chance to do more of that in the future. Your insider knowledge is your strength. Thanks for following and commenting on my writings, W.E.lisadpreston3 months ago W.E.- Thank you for reading and commenting.  This is a very touchy and heated subject.  With me and many others it stirs so many emotions and it is a more diffucult issue because there are so many issues with in the issue itself.  I've always been an advocate for the lowly and downtrodden and maybe that is a fault or a flaw in me.  If it is, so be it.You and I will be working together on what we discussed previously and I'm sure it will be a benefit to me.  I look forward to it.  Ill will be in touch very soon and I always enjoy and learn so much from your hubs.  Thank you for your support.Bootneck3 months ago Goodness gracious, how old are you? It must have taken a long time and a lot of research, not to mention conviction to put together such a well-though out, thought provoking and cogent piece.In point of fact, your article has got me thinking, which I suppose in some ways, it was supposed to do, because my thought on the subject are a little less detached.Thank you for the brain food Lisa.Alanlisadpreston3 months ago Bootneck- Nice to meet you and thank you for reading and commenting.In answering your questions, I am 45 years old.  Going on 18!!!LOL. You are really very kind in your comment.  Actually, it took a full day to write this but understand that I was at the parole board hearing and heard what I wrote and had followed this case for about a month up until his execution which I was in attendance for.  I wrote about that in a hub called, Dead End Part 2, The Execution.  I, along with my writing partner/boss/boyfriend, wrote the articles for the paper for this case, so naturally I would be informed.  Also I am fighting to end the death penalty and it is a subject of great interest to me.  That makes it easy for me to research all death row inmates cases.  It has never seemed like work.  I work 24 hours a day mostly with very little sleep to try and save these peoples' lives.  It is also my passion to save abused animals.I cannot tell you how happy it has made me to know that my article got you thinking.  You are right, it was my intention.  If I have raised even a small amount of awareness and concern for the lowly, despised and downtrodden, in a human psyche, then I have accomplished a great feat and will have left the world a little better than how I found it.  What more could I ever ask for?Thank you so much for reading and your gracious comment.Froggy2132 months ago Very good article!!I fight a battle inside over the death penalty--I used to be against, but after the senseless death of my grandson, I question that stand.thank you for your input in this battle of mine.lisadpreston2 months ago Froggy213- Thank you for stopping by to read.  I try to see the logic in not having the death penalty.  But I tell you, when I see that beautiful grandson of yours being murdered by that dirty rotten SOB, It does make me want to reconsider.  The big problem tho, is even if he did get the death penalty, he would still sit in prison for most of his life and have it pretty good.  I want that SOB to suffer and be tortured.  Death is too easy and too good of a way out for him.  If I could get my hands on him, he would never have to worry about the death penalty or prison, but I would.ralwus2 months ago Let's see if we can leave God out of this, then what? What if there is no retribution in the 'afterlife'? I don't like capital punishment either, but sometimes I think it is just best to kill some of these people, Like John Wayne Gacy, Ted Bundy, etc.Micky Dee3 weeks ago This is a great write Lisa. I'm against all killing. It's easier to be against the death penalty when family isn't involved. If it happened to "the family"- all bets are off with me. I guess this is an admission of failure in my own ethics. I don't have a good answer, in my opinion.Thank you for doing this hard work. God bless your good heart.lisadpreston3 weeks ago Mickey Dee- Thank you so much for reading and commenting.  This is indeed a difficult subject and one that I really do struggle with.  I certainly understand the families of the victim wanting the creeps to die.  I know I would, except I would want to be the one to kill them, not the state and I would want it done right away, not 27 years later.I am against all killing too but I think if someone viciously murdered one of my kids or grandkids, knowing my brain, I would probably take pleasure in torturing the SOB until I killed them.  Very hypocritical I know. I think it would be better to put the money into figuring out why people murder and solving that mystery than housing criminals for years and spending money on their defense and prosecution for years in appeals court.  In the end, I want my children safe and do not want to have to make life or death decisions.  I've been reading about new research on the brain and there is something different in serial killers brains that has to do with blood flow not reaching certain parts.  Maybe if we would research this more we could get answeres and solutions as to why people murder and end it for the most part.  I don't have any real answers either.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites91lisadprestonFrom Columbus, Ohio135 Followers15 HubsJoined 14 months agoRead more hubs by lisadprestonContact lisadprestonFollow lisadprestonSubscribe to lisadpreston's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk lisadpreston a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhy do we house "death row" prisoners for decades?asked by mcrawford76 2 weeks ago5 answersAnswer this questionWhen writing Board of Director minutes and talking about who said what do you say Board...asked by buckeyegal 7 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsOhio on record pace as execution "killing field."by lisadprestonDead End: Part 2 The Executionby lisadprestonPedophiles run this country? And the world?by rescueachildThoughts About Peaceby Lisa HWEnd of the World? Mass Animal Die-Off of Birds and Fishby DorsiTop 10 Jobs in North Carolinaby Patty Inglish, MS Crime and Justice Issues ForumTopicRepliesAmazon pedophilia author arrestedposted by Stacie L74madoff's son kills himselfposted by Stacie L4Germany doubles money to aging Holocaust survivorsposted by Stacie L0Post a new topic21 more topics Tagsexecution death row parole board ohio attorney general office joann wahoff susan craig Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.798 sec)  working