ObamaCares New Presidential Army? - The Ready Reserve Corps  A Closer LookHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesNorth America Political and Social IssuesObamaCares New Presidential Army? - The Ready Reserve Corps  A Closer LookObamaCares New Presidential Army? - The Ready Reserve Corps  A Closer Look66rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy KFlippinSource: Besea.com.auNOTETheimpetusfor the writing of this hub, and the two that have followed,is the hub written by 50 Caliber, Doomes Day Unfolding In America - which well captures the angst and worry over the formation of a Presidential Army right under our noses.......and I recommend everyone read 50 Caliber's hub, as there are other issues of concern in this regard that are not examined in this hub series.UPDATE: Be sure and look at Part 2 and Part 3 for the full picture of this look at the Ready Reserve Corps established by ObamaCare. The language changes in the 2010 health care bill are compared to the existing law regarding Reserve Corps prior to the passage of ObamaCare, and it has proven interesting.PART 2 - ObamaCare's New Presidential Army? The Ready Reserve Corps - A Closer LookPART 3 - ObamaCare's New Presidential Army? The Ready Reserve Corps - A Closer LookTenth Amendment Center Site - by Harold PeaseWhat Does the Ready Reserve Corps Have To Do With Health?  California Tenth Amendment CenterDoes the recently passed Federal Health Care Law set up a new type of presidential army?  Buried deep, page 1313, in the very controversial bill of 2400 pages is the establishment of a Ready Reserve Corps for immediate service in time of . . .ObamaCare's Presidential Army?There is so much floating around in cyber-space about so many things, you have to stop sometimes and wonder whats real and whats exaggerated. In the case of the Presidential Army established by ObamaCare, Ive spent some looking in to this as I certainly found it an alarming turn of events.  I was reminded that our POTUS was quoted as saying during his campaign that he would like to see a 'federal' civilian police force of some sort. Could this be the first critical steps to establishing just that? I still havent formed a solid opinion in that regard, because certain seemingly innocuous and sought after changes can have elements of legalese that turn them into someones worst nightmare.  The complete text of two items I found at the Reserve Officers Association web site are presented below. Both make it clear that the existing Commissioned Corps, which is under the direction of the Surgeon Generals Office, has never had a reserve system in place comparable to that of our armed services.  The reserve system they operated under has been less than desirable to retain reserve medical corps personnel to be called on in time of national emergency, or international emergency. Basically, they have been pursuing a Ready Reserve comparable to the armed services in every way, particularly the monetary benefits that encourage retention. That said, there are some other elements of this revision of Section 204 and more of Title 42, the Public Health Service Act , that are peculiar at first read, and will take some time to read through and decipher. One difficulty is finding the full text of Title 42 prior to the enactment of ObamaCare. The many sections repealed and amended and only briefly described, make for quite a puzzling research journey.  Also interesting to include here is the fact that President George Bush was responsible for the establishment of Office of the Civilian Volunteer Medical Reserve Corps following the tragedy of 911: The MRC program was created after President Bushs 2002 State of the Union Address, in which he asked all Americans to volunteer in support of their country. The MRC is comprised of organized medical and public health professionals who serve as volunteers to respond to natural disasters and emergencies. These volunteers assist communities nationwide during emergencies and for ongoing efforts in public health. What follows now are the two requests I found at the Retired Officer's Association web site. While I can well see the value of their request for the establishment of a Medical Ready Reserve Corps, and it strikes as perhaps long needed to be implemented -- it remains to be seen whether it will be used as a tool of government in a manner that they most certainly would not have intended.  Civilian National Security Force - Obama in July 2008" . . .then-candidate Obamas July 2, 2008 statement. We cannot continue to rely on our military in order to achieve the national security objectives weve set. Weve got to have a civilian national security force thats just as powerful, just as strong, just as well-funded. Is this the beginning of such a force? The U.S. army has nearly 500,000 troops excluding the National Guard. In 2007 our U.S. Defense budget was 439 billion dollars. Why would we need a domestic security force even larger?" (Source: TenthAmendmentCenter.com)Ready Reserve Corps Resolution - ROA.org in TexasReady Reserve Corps for the Public Health ServiceResolution 08-07WHEREAS, the current legislative authority and organizational structure of the U. S. Public Health Services (PHS) Inactive Reserve Corps (IRC) needs to be strengthened in order to provide the Secretary of Health and Human Services the necessary capability to recruit, maintain and deploy USPHS officers in times of national public health crises and domestic disaster;WHEREAS, the Public Health Service IRC is composed of physicians, dentists, environmental engineers, nurses, and specialists in allied professions who can provide essential surge capacity in response to any threat to national security; andWHEREAS, there is a substantially increased threat that terrorists may use Biological, Chemical, and Radiological agents, which highlights Americas need to assure the viability of the PHS Ready Reserve Corps; andWHEREAS, there is no formal career education plan or officer career development program for PHS Reserve officers in the Inactive Reserve Corps as there are no provisions allowing for monthly training (drills) or annual training in the traditional model of the Armed Forces Reserve Components;NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Reserve Officers Association of the United States, chartered by Congress, urge the Congress to establish and fund a United States Public Health Service Ready Reserve Officers Corps as well as an Inactive Ready Reserve, that is entitled to the same benefits (paid training, retirement, re-employment rights, leave, etc.) as members of the U.S. Armed Forces Reserve and National Guard Components.Submitted by the Department of TexasRevised and adopted by the ROA National Convention, June 28, 2008 Source: bookclubs.barnesandnoble.comCreating A U.S. Public Health Service Ready ReserveLPP 08-09 January 2008 - Creating A U.S. Public Health Service Ready ReserveThe Public Health Service (PHS) Inactive Reserve Corps (IRC) comprises physicians, dentists, environmental engineers, nurses, and specialists in allied professions who can provide essential surge capacity in response to any threat to national security. The substantially increased threat that terrorists may use biological, chemical, and radiological agents against America highlights the need to assure the viability of the PHS Inactive Reserve Corps.The IRC is a component of the Public Health Service Commissioned Corps (PHS) in the Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS). PHS commissioned officers upon leaving full-time Active duty status may elect to serve in the IRC. The IRC has no provision allowing for monthly training (drills) or annual training in the traditional model of a U.S. Reserve or National Guard Component. Current regulations allow direct recruitment and commissioning into the IRC. However, with no incentives, commissioning into the IRC is seldom done.IRC officers are at all times subject to voluntary call to Active duty and, when on Active duty, receive the same pay and allowances as their counterparts on Active duty in the regular PHS Commissioned Corps. In addition, the president by executive order can militarize the PHS Commissioned Corps, authorizing involuntary activation of the IRC in times of threatened or actual war. The nations homeland security threat to public health mandates a PHS capable of surging in response to emergencies that threaten the security of the nation and its citizens. This surge capability is constrained by the PHSs limited Reserve structure.A lack of parity between the PHS and the Department of Defense, National Guard, and Coast Guard Reserve benefits and protections, such as re-employment rights and non-regular retirement credit, serves as a deterrent to continued service in a Reserve capacity for officers who separate from full time duty. Members of the PHS IRC do not receive standard or specialized training required to maintain currency in treatment and/or response to biological, chemical, or radiological medical emergencies.The current legislative authority and organizational structure of the PHS IRC needs to be strengthened to provide the Secretary of Health and Human Services the necessary capability to recruit, maintain, and deploy Reserve Component officers in times of national public health crises. Establishing a Public Health Service Ready Reserve Officer Corps to provide sufficient surge capability for national security and other public health contingencies is now a necessity.ROA urges Congress to establish a Public Health Service Ready Reserve Officer Corps as well as an Inactive Ready Reserve entitled to the same benefits (paid training, retirement, re-employment rights, leave, etc.) as members of the U.S. Armed Forces Reserve and National Guard Components. Reserve Officers Association of the United StatesOne Constitution Avenue, NE, Washington, DC20002-5655Toll-Free: (800) 809-9448 ext. 713Patient Protection and Affordable Health Care Act - AKA ObamaCareScroll down to about Page 496 for the establishment of the Ready Reserve Corps. Most Current INFO on Status of Ready Reserve CorpsThe Dept. of Health and Human Services has a 'fact sheet' , it is fairly short, and is apparently the most current public information. The following is an excerpt:How is the Ready Reserve Corps different from the former Reserve Corps? The former Reserve Corps officers served side-by-side with Regular Corps officers on full-time extended active duty to meet public health needs of various Department of Health and Human (HHS) Operating Divisions and Staff Divisions and other non-HHS Federal entities such as the Bureau of Prisons and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. The law eliminates the Reserve Corps by extending Regular Corps status to Corps officers already serving in a full-time capacity. Moving forward, all officers called to extended active duty will enter the Regular Corps.Why did the new health care bill create a Ready Reserve Corps? The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, enacted March 23, 2010, created the Ready Reserve Corps, a new component of the USPHS Commissioned Corps. The purpose of the Ready Reserve Corps is to have additional Commissioned Corps personnel available on short notice (similar to the other uniformed services' reserve programs) to assist Regular Commissioned Corps personnel to meet both routine public health and emergency response missions. Prior to the passage of the new law, the USPHS Commissioned Corps did not have a reserve component to call upon in this fashion. The Ready Reserve Corps members perform duties for assigned periods of time as opposed to full time Regular Corps members who are on extended active duty. Joining the Ready Reserve Corps is voluntary; however, members of the Ready Reserve Corps join knowing that they can be called at anytime to serve in times of national need.Where can I go to find out more information about the Ready Reserve Corps? HHS is in the process of reviewing that provision of the legislation. The USPHS Web site will be updated with information on the Ready Reserve Corps as it becomes available.NOTEIf this issue is of interest to you, please see PART 2 of this Exploration of the Establishment of a Ready Reserve Corps in the Health Care Billfor additional discussion.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny Awesome (2)Beautiful OTHER: Part 2 - ObamaCares New Presidential Army? - The Ready Reserve Corps  A Closer Look OTHER: Bloody Mary Recipe for a Thirsty CrowdCommentsGusTheRedneck4 months ago Katie - You surely are a hardworker - and one much appreciated, too.Gus :-)))KFlippin4 months ago Hey Gus, Thanks bunches, it has been interesting reading, and I'm going to try and add to this topc, if I actually reach any conclusions.  The link up top to the tenthamendment.com site raises some points about other language changes that sound unsettling. One in particular, that the Pres will appoint the officers, rather than the head of HHS or the Surgeon General, and I'm pretty sure that is a complete language change, etc... from the language in the original Title 42, have found what looks to be an older copy. Anyway, I appreciate you, Gus, and as old Jack Brooks used to say, "Have a Good Supper!"LRCBlogger4 months ago This is really interesting. I think it sounds like a good idea.  It would be wise to have a 'reserve force' of doctors, physicians, etc to be ready and willing to help in the case of a major national disaster.pcoach4 months ago Could this be where the 2 trillion dollars went? This is worth looking into.  I have felt and said in my hub http://hubpages.com/hub/SEIU-and-BANK-OF-AMERICA that honestly, I believe the SEIU, perhaps even the AFC-CIO members have been recruited, or are being recruited, under a different guise and a different name, to be exactly what you discuss, Obama's civilian military. And please don't whoop on me because I put one of my sites in here. I did it only to point out that others, like ME, did hear the President's comment and have been watching and waiting.His civilian military comment did not get by me when he made it. Obviously it did not get by you either.TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE!  It's a legal term meaning  "A phrase in a contract that means that performance by one party at or within the period specified in the contract is necessary to enable that party to require performance by the other party."  It is a warning to all involved that if something doesn't occur by a date certain, that that party will no longer have the ability to perform what is required by the contract, thereby nullifying the contract.TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE people! Obama has broken his contract with us, for one thing, but that don't hold water. But if we do not act immediately, and certainly by November this year, we will have nothing to act on anymore because our laws will have been so revised that we, as citizens (remember WE THE PEOPLE?) will have no recourse provided by law because Obama will have seen to that. Truly time is of the essence. He is almost there, people, he is almost there. My new mantra...TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE!  REMEMBER IN NOVEMBER! Nice beat, you can dance to it, right?  Great hub, KFlippin (can I call you K?). We are running out time, people!TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE!  REMEMBER IN NOVEMBER!SheriSapp4 months ago Good work here. This also makes me nervous as I have no trust or faith in our federal government at this point. Every day it seems that they do some other action that is AGAINST the will of the people, and they have been quite clear that they really do not give a damn what we think.Micky Dee4 months ago I could say a lot but I won't. You're welcome. Fact is though this country nor this world will change by electing a democrat or republican. If you can buy 1 political party- why on earth would someone stop at buying 1? Happy trails.breakfastpop4 months ago This is a fascinating and important piece of writing. I first heard about this from fellow hubber 50 caliber. I think it bears looking into because although the original intent may sound worthwhile, there is something about this that is very, very troubling.Danny Lee Graham4 months ago A bit too much like the foundation formations of a kind of SS , DARE i SAY , ( Siege , Heil ! )KFlippin4 months ago LRC, yes I agree with you, I think the concept is very good, and hope that the implementation of the Ready Reserve Corps is accomplished with actual medical personnel to be of service, as its proper goal and function.KFlippin4 months ago Hi Coach, Yes, you can call me K, or Katie, if you like, and adding your link is fine.  I've been working all morning on completing some more review of this issue, and think you should probably check out my follow-up, it's at http://hubpages.com/hub/ObamaCares-New-PresidentiaThe money budgeted for this new Reserve Corps is really quite small, and we should expect these new Corps folks to be qualified medical persons.It would take a huge amount of money to establish a national civilian security force, as yes Obama has expressed he would like to see, but so far I don't see where this Ready Reserve Corps would fit with that, or be the 'seed' for forming a national security force.Take a look at the second installment, I really want fresh eyes to look at what I've provided, etc...Thanks for commenting Coach!KFlippin4 months ago Hi Sheri,  In this particular instance, the Ready Reserve Corps is something that has been asked for by the 'people', in the sense that the Retired Officers Association has been pushing for this in order to retain more reservists to be at the ready.  They've been operating with a growing volunteer force of medical personnel since about 2002, but apparently still wanted a 'ready reserve' established for them comparable to the existing 'ready reserves' of the armed services.It is hard to trust our federal goverment these days, which is why I felt like I had to delve deeper in to this issue, which is one that I found to be more personally alarming than most any other that I've run across.Thanks very much for commenting.....KatieKFlippin4 months ago Hi Micky,  I'm not at all sure what your message is trying to say here!  But, I'm not one to think that we should just leave the arena because all the fighters in the ring are crooked.  I would welcome your comments on this topic, and would actually have expected to find that you were relieved by the shedding of light on this topic, as it appears one blown well out of the park of reality - at least any immediate reality.KFlippin4 months ago Hey POP,  It was 50 Caliber's hub that I read that left me very troubled, and led to my looking in to this further.  So far, it looks like the Ready Reserve Corps is not the seed of some new National Security Police, or whatever Obama termed it, I keep forgetting.There are a few more things I'm going to follow up on that remain questionable, and will add them here or to the Part 2 of this topic I publshed a litttle while ago.  See the link to it in the text box above the comments.Fresh eyes are always a good idea, so you might read the old and new language and see if you see anything different other than what I noticed.That part on 50 Calibre's hub about the Humvees and Tanks in small towns, I haven't tried to follow up on, not really sure where to start on that, but it's on my mind as well.KFlippin4 months ago Hi Danny Lee,  Well...I really don't think so.  Notice it is our own Retired Officers Association that wanted to see a Medical Ready Reserve Corps, and essentially that is what has been provided for in the health care bill.  Have a look at the second hub I published a little while ago and it may shed better light on this subject, the link is now posted just above this comment section.  Thanks very much for commenting.KFlippin4 months ago Okay everyone who has read this or will, please do read through the next two parts in this series, and if your much more intelligent and analytical mind can find the basis /rationale for this Ready Reserve Corps forming the basis for a presidential army, please do let me know.There remains the extremely odd use of the language referencing the compensation act of 1923 - which was repealed in 1949 - and so it is a mystery that it is cited in 2010 legislation - one that I am not equipped to investigate or analyze the significance of.  I encourage you readers to read the old classification act of 1923 (see links at Part 3) and the new act that most bills reference, and help us all understand the significance -- I've no doubt there is a reason for this odd reference -- ridiculous to think it is an error -- so why?If it is an error, then I beseech the White House watchers to provide the explanation, this is one subject/topic/notion that I would prefer to see laid to rest, if it is possible to do so.  If not, I want to know that too.raisingme4 months ago I don't live in the U.S. but bravo to you for wading into this subject.  'Tis no powder puff hub you have written.  It is amazing how often humanity creates something to 'help' humanity turns out to be a double edged sword.  Well done.  It wasn't an easy read but it was a good one.KFlippin4 months ago Thanks, Rasingme, for having a go at reading this, it does look like that it has been created with good intentions, and I hope it proves to be the case, and from lots of other things I've read at this point, there are just so many things in our very complicated and voluminous laws that can become a double-edged sword, I hope this doesn't prove one of them. Thaks very much for commenting.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites86KFlippinFrom Amazon135 Followers31 HubsJoined 8 months agoRead more hubs by KFlippinContact KFlippinFollow KFlippinSubscribe to KFlippin's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk KFlippin a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat did you think of the title fight between Edgar and Maynard at UFC 125?asked by rich_hayles 7 days ago2 answersAnswer this questionSo, it has been a year since I found out that my ex and good friend had feelings for each other...asked by Blondy2 6 months ago7 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsPolice Force Jobs - How Many Do We Need?by Patty Inglish, MSWill Marijuana Legalization Ever Get the Green Light in...by Green LotusReigning in Government Spending - Arizona's Proposed Prop...by ChuckFinancial Reform; The Frank-Dodd Bill,  What??by eoveryJanet Contreras Vs. Ed Pastor : The Border Warby Ghost32The New Obama Oval Office: Makeover and Decor in the White...by Bibowen North America Political and Social Issues ForumTopicRepliesBush era tax cuts for the wealthy and the jobs they have created.posted by Stump Parrish232Privatization is the answer to everythingposted by kerryg173Meg Whitman -- Where is she now?posted by Mighty Mom1Post a new topic49 more topics Tagsobamacare president george bush surgeon general public health service ready reserve corps civilian national security force Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.909 sec)  working