100 years ago on the Texas borderHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceHistory and ArchaeologyAmerican History100 years ago on the Texas border100 years ago on the Texas border82rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy J D MurrahWhat a difference 100 years makesWhen it comes to border protection, 100 years makes a worldof difference in protecting the integrity of the border between Texas and Mexico.In 2010, Texas Congressmen are asking the President for permission to send inNational Guard troops in order to secure the border.The Congressmen want 250 troops for a 1,245 mile stretch of Texas border. In previous generationsthe present response to border protection would have been laughable. Instead ofexpecting the United Statesto send troops to protect the border, they handled it themselves. With less than two dozen Texas Rangers and local militia, they protected the entire 1,245 stretch of border since there was no border patrol at that time. Texas Congressmen on the Border 2010"The first duty of the federal government is to protect its people, Texans are tired of the federal governments failure to secure our borders and enforce our laws, yet at the same time running roughshod over state governments when they try to enforce the law and protect their citizens."The federal governments 'not our problem' attitude is unacceptable and this legislation will require the Defense Department to do what they were created to do  protect the people of this country and the dignity of our borders,"-U. S. Representative Ted PoeThe federal government is directly responsible for enforcing existing laws to secure our borders and ensure the safe and legal movement of people, goods, and commerce across our borders, said U. S. Representative John Culberson (TX-08). He went on to say  Unfortunately President Obama has failed in this effort and it is now time for Congress to act. There is a war on our southern border and it is time to put an end to the horrific violence.Enter Texas Governor Oscar ColquittWhen Texas Democratic Governor Oscar Colquitt took the office ofGovernor of the State of Texasin 1911, the border situation was handled differently. Shortly after takingoffice, the political situation in Mexico grew increasingly unstable.With the political instability, action was needed to secure the border fromillegal immigration coming into the Texas.The President of Mexico, Poriforo Diaz had beenousted from office. Although under his leadership, the economic outlook for thenation of Mexicolooked promising, there were many dissatisfied with his leadership. Althoughthe leader who ousted him, Francisco Madero had planned the overthrow of Diazwhile living in San Antonio, Texas. His plan was known as the "Plan of San Luis Potosi". Although on returning to Mexico Madero received strong support from other revolutionaires, such as Pancho Villa, and Emiliano Zapata, it did little to bringstability to the nation. When Diaz left Mexico City, he reportedly said "Madero has unleashed a tiger, let's see if he can tame it". Madero was eventually elected President, although the unrestcontinued for several years. In that period of political chaos various groupsvied for power in Mexico andrumors of Maderos early death were often spread through Mexico.The various political groups competed for control of Mexico. Therewere armed uprisings and fighting in the streets of many cities of thatcountry. Residents of El Paso watched thefighting in Juarez as they groups fought forcontrol.  In order to escape the unrestand danger, many of those living in Mexicoattempted entering Texasillegally.The Texas Rangers watching the border kept GovernorColquitt appraised on the situation. The Rangers were concerned that rebels mayattempt crossing into Texason a raid in order to obtain food and supplies.  Scenes from the border 100 years ago US soldiers stationed near the bridge in Laredo, TexasSource: Courtesy of the Bieneke Collection of Yale UniversityRefugees awaiting permission to enter Texas. Army personnel watching the border.Source: Courtesy of Bieneke Collection, Yale UniversityMilitiamen clearing a campsite at Pharr, TexasSource: Courtesy of Bienecke Collection, Yale UniversityTexas Governor denied any federal assistance for the borderTexas Governor Colquitt contacted the President Taft aboutthe unrest. He expressed concern about the illegal immigration and fears oflooting in town along the border. The Taft administration sent word to use Texas troops and militiato handle things on the border. Colquitt then assigned that responsibility tothe Texas Rangers. The United  States held a firm hands-off policyregarding interfering in other nations at that time.  The Texas Rangers at that time, also had a good workingrelationship with Pancho Villa who was involved in much of the unrest. In oneincident, Villa assisted the Rangers in capturing some criminals who fled to Mexico in orderto escape the Rangers.  The militia and Rangers set up patrols and managedprotecting the border and principal cities along the border. A young writernamed Zane Grey accompanied the Rangers on some of their patrols and used hisexperiences for his series of western novels. The combination of Texas Rangersand local militias were effective in keeping the political and armed unrestfrom spilling into Texas.They also sought out those persons residing in Texasthat were inciting trouble in Mexicoin order to deport them.  When questions arose as to how to deal with Texans who mightbe stranded in Juarez or other border towns in the unrest, the attitude was wewill go in to rescue them and let the diplomats sort the rest out. This kindof thinking worked for Colquitt and the people of Texas, although US military commanders wereconcerned about such thinking. The Governor often preferred sending one or twoRangers to handle situations rather than calling out the militia.  Quotes from the people involvedIt is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.-Emiliano ZapataPoor Mexico, so far from God and so close to the United States.-Poriforo DiazTampico and VeracruzEventually, the situation in Texassettled down, although the unrest in Mexico continued for a decade inwhat became known as the Mexican Revolution. The assassination of Madero threw the nation into chaos, including the border. The situation was also complicated by the election of a new US President and his sudden change in policy. When Woodrow Wilson was elected President, the policy toward Mexico changed drastically. The Texasborder became tense with the Tampico Affair in 1914 and the subsequent invasionand occupation of Veracruzby American troops. In the Veracruz incident the newly constructed dreadnought, Battleship Texas, which was considered the most powerful weapon in the world at that time was sent to Veracruz as part of an 'intervention' consisting of a large naval force. The town was invaded by the marines, who engaged in urban warfare and occupied the city for six months. Walter Hines Page, a US diplomat gave the reason for the intervention being that the United States intended to teach Mexico by force 'to elect good men'  even if it took two hundred years  of military intervention. The handling of the Tampico Affair and its military occupationcreated resentments between the United Statesand Mexico.As the relationship between the two nations worsened, so did the relationshipwith Pancho Villa. What was once a working relationship, turned sour and becamea heated armed exchange. When the threat of Pancho Villa arose, the border withMexico became militarized,complete with militia patrols of Texascities and the use of barbed wire for protection. Finally in 1915, the United States finally authorizedthe organization of the United States Border Patrol. The first border patroloperated out of El Paso, Texas, patrolling from California to Brownsville.The original organization had 75 employees at its height. At that time theillegal immigration problem consisted of Chinese immigrants trying to avoidFederal Chinese exclusion laws which forbid them from entering the United States. Things were handles differently on the Texas border now compared with 100 years ago, before the US Border Patrol existed and the people of Texas handled matters on their own. vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome (1)Beautiful Texas History: Texas LiteratureTexas History: Legends of Texas-Tom GreenCommentsAmerican Romance3 months ago ..........and with Texas now giving control to the Democrats even while holding the majority, there certainly will not be any of the old style Texas tough Rangers coming to the rescue,  I live on the Texas border and grew up in Texas, Its a shame what Perry and the rest of the political hacks in Texas are doing!J D Murrah3 months ago American Romance,Thanks for your comments. In many ways, the holders of the office change, but the policies remain ineffective. It would be nice if we had some more of the old style rangers to 'set things right' again.dahoglund3 months ago More than anything it seems that we need  an attitude adjustment. It is shocking that the  President of Mexico can bash one of our states and be applauded by th Presient of the United States who should have demanded that Mexico get it's act together and start taking care of its own citizens.J D Murrah3 months ago dahoglund,We definitely need improvements. The paradox is that Mexico complains about fences, etc. along the border with the United States, yet is doing the same thing on its southern border with Guatemala http://www.thefoxnation.com/us-mexico-border-fenceThere are many double standards when it comes to dealing with border security. In researching for this hub, I was amazed at how the border was operating 100 years ago, and how the border patrol did not exist at that time.One thing is clear, we need to take care of our own citizens, and we can do a better job of it than depending on big government to do it for us as illustrated by the Texas border 100 years ago.CornerStone513 months ago Obama's aunt is an illegal immigrant living for years in public housing in Boston AND collecting disability!!! She was finally given asylum...because she is the President's aunt, no doubt! So why are we surprised about the could-care-less attitude toward the problems along the Texas border?  I am a native Texan and we surely do need some of those old fashioned Texas Rangers on duty at the border now!!!GayleJ D Murrah3 months ago CornerStone51,As a fellow Texan, I could not agree with you more. The influx of criminal aliens is a problem. We can all learn lessons from how it was handled BEFORE the fedgov took over border protection.Ms Dee3 months ago Wishing, too, for Texas Rangers, here from Dallas. Love knowing more about the border history, J D, thanks! Useful to me :)J D Murrah3 months ago Ms Dee,I wish the Rangers were still doing what they did. It amazes me how much history we were not taught in public schools.USBP3 months ago Its an unfortunate matter to think that readers of this article would believe by sending Texas Rangers would fix the immigration problem.  Keep in mind we no longer do business as before and the situation along the border has changed drastically. Unfortunately, its not as simple as it appears.  This article fails to recognize the good work currently being done by brave men and woman of the U.S. Border Patrol.  We too have to abide by Congressional legislation that often times ties our hands to actually perform our duty.  Correcting the problem takes a multi-faceted approach by utilizing some already existing laws and cutting out the bureaucratic hurdles we must overcome.  Such as individual rights for illegal aliens that have already been identified as criminal aliens and having to continue offering them again when reencountered.   Perhaps Congress needs to revisit some of these laws and revamp them to allow us to better enforce them.Our court system is another issue.  Prosecuting and detaining the thousands that are arrested often times never happens due to lack of manpower and or funds.  This combined with the various political groups in favor of relaxed immigration policy makes it even more difficult.  I could continue outlining other issues but unfortunately it would be too long for this comment block.So, before casting stones and blasting (my opinion) U.S. Border Patrol keep in mind that we perform some of toughest duties and responsibilities along our Texas Borders that few men or woman would care to perform.J D Murrah3 months ago USBP,Thank you for adding to the hub. The United States Border Patrol indeed has a difficult job which is often not appreciated by others. The responsibilities along the border have changed drastically in the past 100 years. The problems of 1910 are far different than the ones of 2010.The Border Patrol is often hamstrung by the irrational rules imposed on them. The rules, like Rules of Engagement are often written by politicians who either do not understand the task or intentionally undermine the organization.The courts have indeed made the job difficult for the Border Patrol as well. When civil rights have preempted private property rights, and good old common sense, there are problems.Bear in mind that the blasting is more frustrations at how instead of protecting the border, the government (politicians) seem more interested in what light bulbs we use, carbon footprints, and the fuel efficiency of our cars than doing the job of protecting the borders and keeping the peace. When they change immigration policies in a willy-nilly manner it hamstrings the USBP from doing their job.The frustration is over how the border and criminal immigration have grown out of hand. There are frustrations over how things have been handled, and rightfully so. The courts and politicians have not been serious about securing the border.Historically, the fedgov promised Texas that it would protect the borders in 1845, but never paid for it until the 1890's. Items like that show the people that securing the borders has not been the priority it needed to be. In 1910, Texas was told to handle the situation itself, and it did.The situation is different today. Even if the USBP was allowed to secure the borders, we need judges and courts that place securing the border, protecting the citizens and private property ABOVE the overused civil rights that have been used to take any teeth out of border security.I am glad that you contributed. Although my main focus was on the 1910 Texas border, the current situation is a difficult one. Hats off to the USBP. Thank you for doing what you do. I have always been treated well and respectfully when I have dealt with the USBP coming into the country and at the checkpoints I have gone through.mercy3 months ago it really doesnt matter to me you should have the wright to live and long but we need to work as a nation to fight off mexico but look at it this way they are trying to make a living themselves yes they might be taking our jobs but we should have had one a long time ago since we have lived here longer..(: but that just my opinionJ D Murrah3 months ago mercy,Thanks for stopping by. Traditionally, nations have exercised the right of protecting the land for their people. Mexico will not foreigners own land within a prescribed distance from the border. Likewise Brazil has laws that put severe limitations of foreigners owning land in that nation. http://lexuniversal.com/pt/articles/3366 This is part of the protection these nations have. Mexico is also protective of its border with Guatemala. http://www.migrationinformation.org/Feature/displa even going so far as to construct its own wall. http://www.examiner.com/immigration-reform-in-natimercy 13 yrs trying to make a living3 months ago i know but still my piont is is this what we really want yes living is hard but these mexicans are trying to live to not like rich people they have money they are poor they are just trying to make money and a living 4 them and there children not that i know if u have any but u would do wat ever if u were in mexico and u were poor and your kids were hungry and cold and this is why there is alot of prostitution ..mercy 3 months ago i know j d what there doing is wrong but they are who they are and you cant judge ..maybe if there was a way to get more jobs for them a way of living if possible maybe they wouldnt do what there doing..J D Murrah3 months ago mercy,I understand that people are just wanting to make a living. The focus of the hub is on how things were 100 years ago on the border and how the call is going out to protect the border in the present day.I would feel better about the immigration issue if they came across and did it the legal way. I have assisted others with immigration issues. Yes, they are a hassle, but that is part of the price tag of seeking a life in Texas, if you want to do it the right way.Some things can be judged, like whether people are doing things the legal way or the criminal way. Are they respecting the law or not abiding by it. When people do not play by the rules, they can not expect the government to give them access to the the various systems we have here. If you want the benefits, you have to play by the rules.If you want to be an outlaw, you have to live according to outlaw rules.It is also not the responsibility of the people of Texas to support the people of Mexico when their government does not do so. Texas can not take up the slack on this issue. It is not our responsibility to finance and underwrite their struggles to do things in an illegal manner.Texas has taken in many legal immigrants, both 100 years ago and today. That is not the problem.cbp2 months ago I am a Native Texan.  My great ancestors were Native Texans when Cabeza de Vaca wandered across this beautiful state to find Mexico.  My great granfather was a German Immigrant who became a Texas Ranger who rode from Ft. Stockton to Presidio.  My father was with US Immigration for 34 years and I am near retirement myself.  My cousins are Rangers, Troopers, Patrol Agents, and CBP Officers.  Let me give your readership some facts from someone who grew up on the Texas side of the Rio Grande.  The hills overlooking the city of Presidio, Texas still show signs of the artillery pieces that were set in place against the invasion of the United States by Pancho Villa during the Siege of Ojinaga (when Ambrose Bierce disappeared).  80% of the illegal aliens processed by CBP Patrol Agents have criminal histories separate from any illegal status.  That's right, 80%!  Actually, its more but why quibble.  Illegal aliens in 1911 were seeking work in the mining and ranching industries of the southwest; and (for the most part) this was still true in the 50's & 60's.  However, since then the work these aliens seek now is of a criminal nature.  They come to the US seeking not social opportunity, but criminal opportunity.  The educational systems of Mexico are a farce, and the majority of people born since 1980 have not finished the 6th grade.  Their education has come from gang life. (The city of Juarez has over 500 gangs).  A city of 1 million with 500 gangs...you do the math (this doesn't include the Cartel members, just street thugs).  Please don't pay attention to Mexican politicians who decry US efforts to enforce existing immigration laws.  Many of those are Cartel puppets!  Support those who actually put their lives on the Border line every day.  Did you know that suicides among Patrol Agents is 16 in two years?!  That is a sign of unbelievable stress.  But it has happened before...Vietnam Vets returning to an unappreciative nation.  Use your vote to make a change.  Ask yourself if the representatives you have support your needs, then decide your next actions.  Finally, you have a right and an obligation to judge!  Judge the actions of the man, not the man.J D Murrah2 months ago cbp,Wow! Thanks for your input. I am glad that you shared the details about the illegal immigrants. It was definitely eye opening. That is the kind of information that people need to know.I, likewise am a 6th generation Texan with roots going back to colonial Spain. Those who grew up here over generations know that there are problems needing attention. I am glad that you shared what you did. It added great information to the discussion.Thank You!James A Watkins3 weeks ago I enjoyed this fabulous Hub, my friend. Very interesting to read about how the Border Patrol was formed. My father was a huge Zane Grey buff. Probably read all of his books. Thank you for the outstanding read. It is very good!J D Murrah3 weeks ago James,Thanks for stopping by. It is always a treat to hear from you and read your hubs. I found the Zane Grey connection quite fascinating as well. He often incorporated the people he met and situations he encountered into his novels. I was surprised at how young the border patrol is and the difference between the border 100 years ago compared with today.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesTexans Always Move Them: A True History of TexasWant to know more about Texas history that you were not taught in school? Order your copy of Texans Always Move Them today for hours of stimulating conversation and controversy.A Texas rangerAmazon Price: $22.71List Price: $31.75The Texas Rangers: Wearing the Cinco Peso, 1821-1900Amazon Price: $8.96List Price: $15.99Time of the Rangers: Texas Rangers: From 1900 to the PresentAmazon Price: $5.99List Price: $17.99Border Patrol ExamAmazon Price: $15.01List Price: $24.95Becoming a Border Patrol Agent (Becoming a ...)Amazon Price: $4.11List Price: $14.95Master The U.S. Border Patrol Exam (Peterson's Master the U.S. Border Patrol Exam)Amazon Price: $11.60List Price: $18.9591J D MurrahFrom Refugee from Shoreacres, Texas332 Followers163 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by J D MurrahContact J D MurrahFollow J D MurrahSubscribe to J D Murrah's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk J D Murrah a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsDreams! Can anyone interpret a dream about a kiss?asked by Non-conformist 17 months ago6 answersAnswer this questionImperial Pure Cane Sugar--one of the oldest industries in Texas.If threatened by Oil who will careasked by Thib McCaldwell 7 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThe British Burned The White House - 1814by libby101aThe Zimmerman Telegramby ChuckChaos on the Southern Borderby Writer DavidFilipinos' Love For Boxingby J@psImmigration Reform  Part 2 Securing U.S. Borders Humanelyby Ron MontgomeryGreat National Parks: Grand Canyon National Park, Great...by jacobt2 History and Archaeology ForumTopicRepliesThe hidden secrets of the worldposted by Edward Kaahui Jr7Has Darwin's Evolution Theory clouded our judgmentsposted by IntimatEvolution385Most Important Events of 2010posted by Freeway Flyer12Post a new topic37 more topics Tagspolitics texas mexico immigration illegal immigration border patrol Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.73 sec)  working