Writing: 10 Steps To Creating A Great Article, An Experienced Writer's GuideHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   Get Paid To WriteAll TopicsBooks, Literature, and WritingCommercial and Creative WritingFinding Your Writer's VoiceWriting: 10 Steps To Creating A Great Article, An Experienced Writer's GuideWriting: 10 Steps To Creating A Great Article, An Experienced Writer's Guide75rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy waynetWriters Guide For Creating A Great Article How to write great articles with a writers guide, learn the important parts of article writing.    Image by Snorrrlax - http://www.flickr.com/photos/snorrrlax/An Experienced Writers GuideThe St. Martin's Guide to WritingAmazon Price: $62.00List Price: $79.95Writing Steps And Working From The Outlined DraftWriting great articles comes down to a couple of important factors, the subject ,because without a subject the article will fall to bits or not even materialize, so a good draft is essential to plan and work from.Your job as a writer is to extract information from research and studies elsewhere and present it to an audience who wants to read that information, this information within the article body has to be useful to your target audience and of a professional calibre that involves the reader to take action or feel motivated in some way.Although the above examples are mainly from a marketing point of view, but having an end view of where your readers will go after they have read your articles is such an excellent plan of action and will stand you in good stead for your next wave of action, which is creating more article content which is in fact what your readers want to see more of.An article can be topical from the latest news broken down into several bite sized chunks to a more specific product review that tells a story of how you found the product, and what you liked about it, articles can be anything and everything all rolled into one.Typically, the most common route of article writing can be derived from a generic profession or hobby or interest that any author can gain credibility for if they provide accurate content and useful content that are to be beneficial to the reader. Many just pick a topic and run with it until they have explored all they can under sub topics and specific article titles.Sometimes though the best writers never stop they carry on through such concepts as research and networking with other people who share their interest for the content they write, sometimes other insights account for the creative inspiration and motivation that occur once someone who reads and responds to your articles, and you do the same with their writing.The types of articles you can write are potentially endless only by your own limitations and writing different ways enhances your readers reading experience too. Therefore, your content could focus on any angle, such as:Fact based news.Step by step, tutorialIn depth reviewsA day in the lifeA niche focused event.A debateA question and answersA personal storyA fictional storyAn announcement or update.A controversial rant - which could be serious or crazily hilariousThe list is never ending when you think of writing articles in lots of varying ways, the trick is to find a balance for each article you write.Now on to the matter at hand.Writing Great Articles Learn how to write great article content and create the best articles you are capable of.    Image by Linda Cronin - http://www.flickr.com/photos/oldflints/Writing Books With Tips For Authors Who Need ThemGrammar Girl's Quick and Dirty Tips for Better Writing (Quick & Dirty Tips)Amazon Price: $7.75List Price: $14.00Grammar Girl's Quick and Dirty Tips for Better WritingAmazon Price: $13.99100 Ways to Improve Your Writing (Mentor)Amazon Price: $2.58List Price: $6.9910 Steps To Writing A Great ArticleThe steps needed to create a good quality content article that delivers for your targeted audience are intended as a template for a good starting point, one that you should carry with you on each separate article that you will create in the future.Number One - Always have a good brainstorming session thing going on Start off with words related to the theme on what you want to write about, then when you have exhausted that, write lists of as many titles as you can or even sentences as this will help you form some good content later on out of your brainstorm notes.The fact of the matter is without any draft process you won't gain an understanding of what content and sub topics work for each particular article and plus the brainstorming session helps you to focus more on one type of article topic rather than go off on a ramble of several strung out subjects all in one incoherent mess.To be focused in an article is to direct your reader, to lead them through the introduction which holds their hand right through to the body of the article and then the conclusion of the informative written content, the reader wants to be assured that their reading time has been well spent by an effort of a decent article that has been researched and planned out well beforehand.Number Two - Draw on personal experiences to involve the readerEveryone has a story or a book inside them, even more so a personal story that relates to the article that they have planned and that is a good idea to include this at the start of an article, this draws the reader in, especially if it is a situation that is identifiable and you show how you overcame it with a solution of some sort.So at the start of the article you begin by talking about yourself and your own personal battle, dilemma, or problem that you had, then somewhere in the middle you are quite sneaky, the focus is changing hands and you end up writing about the solutions you used to overcome the obstacle and how this could benefit the reader, so at the conclusion of the article your main focus is on the reader and how they are going to respond or react.Most online articles are a good bet that they are a lead in to click on a link, whether you want someone to visit your blog, website or buy from your toe nail clipping auction business!!Number Three - Titles make readers want to readSome of the best titles are the tried and tested ones, the creatively unique ones and the downright keyword specific.Take a good look around on the Internet, sites like Digg, Stumbleupon and even here on Hub pages, the titles are probably the first thing people scan with their ever searching eyes, they want to find categorized information, then a title that jumps out at them.Titles that include the following are all likely successful titles;Lists - 5 top ways, 10 of the best. A tantalizing question - readers must find out the answer to the question. Product review - Specific make, model, serial number. Popular topics - With something new to say or promised in the title.Looking offline also helps you understand the mechanics of a title at work, newspapers are the top offline choice that is easily accessible to study article titles that work, sometimes the titles are more direct stating what the news item is about, whereas others are more diverse and mislead just to get you to read.The use of puns and other gimmicks can be quite effective and witty so never think it could be silly to use a clever pun every now and again.Magazines work the same way, so set some time aside to think clearly about what the title will do to make someone read on all of your articles.Number Four - Multiple Articles One NicheHaving one article that helps people is great and all but what if you had multiple articles on the same topic, sort of like you start off with an article about "dressing the perfect salad" then a possible next article could be about tossing (steady now!) a good salad. By doing things this way you are increasing your value as an authority on whatever subject you write about.This becomes especially useful when you have an information website or weblog that you can create sub topics under the main headline topic, this is a good way of keeping people on your site for longer and reading almost everything you've written, stickiness on a website is important for people to stay awhile to assess whether they will become repeat visitors when you write more content.Like I said your credibility shows through in your articles and this is the most important aspect of building your brand as an authority author.Take what you found out in your brainstorming research to find sub topic article ideas, the more you have, the bigger content resource you will be able to provide and build on.Number Five - The Structure of your articleThe article cannot be one lumped together mass of words and you cannot assume that people will read your article if it was like that. Instead try to break up your article into small paragraphs and highlight important parts with bolded and underlined text, this helps the reader easily manage to read the actual article, because it looks easy on the eyes.Bullet pointswork quite well online in long content when you need to have a break between the paragraphs and plus this is great for a list of important points that need to be displayed this way. What I see a lot of bloggers and webmasters do with bullet point lists is they make each important bullet point as a link to mainly other articles they have written, which in turn brings us back to the sticky notion of lots of good content.Also the flow of an article is important too, you can't have a jumble of sub topics all out of sync if they are supposed to be written in order of relevance for your readers, for example if you were to write about "how to build a website" you would not write about creating your last page first, because that's just out of order and illogical.Instead you would just create the home page and all the other pages from left to right or top to bottom and write in chronological order the steps you take.Number Six - Stuck for content - research the web in forums and other articlesSometimes even the most skillful of writers needs to flex their research skills to get some more meaty content, forums are a great way to interact with others who may seem more knowledgeable than you. Experts hang around the forums to show their skills of wisdom it gives them an ego boost at times when they know they have written replies to others questions that solves a problem.Although scanning the forums and discussion boards takes some skill in itself to locate these nuggets of information that can be applied to your articles, it is well worth doing in one sitting rather than attempting to study forum posts in between article editing or some other writing task.The same can be said of Google Scholar which has lots of student inspired research notes and papers that are some quality reading if you can understand more technical terms and big words you may not have heard of before, in fact Google has dedicated it's services towards providing the average web surfer the options of locating articles,blogs, products, books, videos and images to be picked apart and dissected by simply clicking on links.Researching specific information takes time, so always make sure you are actively doing something that will eventually help with the long term task of creating new content regularly.Number Seven - A well edited article makes all the differenceSpelling and grammar look not only professional, they make you look a pro too, as the content and the author combined make a brand, one that will either fail or be highly successful.Taking the time to edit your articles is a worthy cause, to do this yourself or have someone else do it, no matter what you decide to do, an editors job is an important one. If you are a blogger you might be able to get away with slight grammar errors, because of the community based interaction and just the simple fact of expressing new and spontaneous ideas.So long as the content reads right and there is minimal spelling mistakes and grammatical errors then this is fine, we are only human and some mistakes can be made.(Side note- Grammatical errors presented within this article are strictly at the article authors discretion as he did not like school that much and besides he was sick that day they was dishing out grammar lessons!)Number Eight - Responding positively to criticism about your writingComments, remarks, critics, fly by visitors all are going to either comment about your article subject or they might contact you by email about what you have written. Some may respond in a positive light, most do, but even if you get a negative comment it's best to take on board all types of comments.This helps you understand things about your work what worked well and what didn't, most people may tell you they liked this part of the article, because and they may give a valid reason, but on the negative side they may just say your article plopped like a huge turd and not give any reason which is not particularly helpful, so I always try to email these people and determine why they thought it was chunk hurling puke, if they don't respond then I move on, after all there are better things to be more concerned about like new content and the economic crisis boo hoo!Number Nine - The things people sayMore often than not I am inspired by the things that people say and these are the starting points of new articles, crazy statements that are blunt and to the point to off the wall comments of loud conversations are the usual article starters of my future content empire."Different minds think alike and uninspired minds ride a trike."As I go about my daily routines out and about I hear all types of characters who say the most stupidest or funniest phrases that I chuckle, and maybe I look like a crazy fool grinning to myself, I don't care, I've just archived original content and will use it on a rainy day.Recording peoples conversations might be bordering on the extreme, so just try to be nosy on strangers conversations regardless, on a bus, walking down the street, in a bar, wherever, some people like to hear the sounds of their own voice so why not immortalize a turn of phrase as an article title or an article introduction.Number Ten - Being Controversial could workA controversial element to your articles every now and then could work wonders for reader response and interesting debate, I've seen it time and time again on many websites, forums or discussion boards were someone writes a rant about something which could probably be their own thought out opinion that actually draws readers in to comment and react to the one sided article.Blogs are the most common platform for this way of bringing in commenters even from the most socially deprived lurkers on the Internet, the title makes a connection with the readers mind saying whoa! wait a minute what's this guy or gal been drinking I have to comment and say my piece.Being controversial can work in your favour or put you in a negative light, so use it sparingly on an opinion you totally feel strongly about, that way you can't be swayed to the dark side of someone else's way of thinking.So at the end of the day writing should be what you love to do and knocking that new article out should make you feel like you've achieved something in the process.Further reading - 77 Writing Tips in easy to read list formatvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (11)Funny Awesome (3)Beautiful (1)Article Marketing And Writing: Article Writing: Writing Good ArticlesArticle Marketing And Writing: 5 Creative Writing Exercises To Get You Through Writers BlockComments On Article WritingJim Hickey2 years ago Hi Wayne,Very nice article that contains some fantastic information for almost anyone "spinning their messages" online or offline.  I particularly found the ten points insightful.Thanks for the contribution ....waynet2 years ago Hey cheers, I saw the request from the Hup and thought no one has answered it yet, so I thought I'd respond with personal insights rather than the stale old rules of article writing, something unique and original.Cheers Jim!issues veritas22 months ago An interesting guide to writing hubs.Is there anything about using images or photos to spice up the hub?waynet22 months ago Adding images do break up the articles too so try and use these quite sparingly, so that they add to the written content but that they don't overwhelm the words so much.Also online, images do bring in traffic, if you add the right keywords to your saved images, so this is worth considering to make your articles appeal to a wider audience.Mike Lickteig20 months ago Nice hub, you are extremely articulate in an easy-to-read manner.earnestshub20 months ago Thanks for writing such an informative hub on a subject close to the heart of all hubbers. We are all writers here, and some of us could sure do with some help, myself included.waynet20 months ago Cheers Ernesthub, I tried to give some unique insight instead of the same points that others would say and so it appeared that I rambled on abit, but I am happy with the way it turned out!lxxy20 months ago Great tips! However.."Writing great articles comes down to a couple of important factors, the subject ,because without a subject the article will fall to bits or not even materialize, so a good draught is essential to plan and work from."The first statement kinda..just..confuses me. I think it would be nice to maybe rewrite it a tad, sounds like an incomplete thought.Oherwise, well done!waynet20 months ago Cheers Ixxy!Yes I did write this article all in one sitting so will go through the first part to try and clarify it.brunkild20 months ago Nice overview on the 10 points. I sometimes put too much focus just on the content and not enough on the title and keywords. They also definitely have a considerable bearing on the success of your article.waynet20 months ago Cheers Brunkild!Yes the titles do attract attention at times by passers by on the net and good quality keywords work much better for the success of your articles.I thought I rambled on slightly, but at least a select few have found it useful! So Thanks!robertsloan219 months ago Good article with many great points in it. I've never really mastered Bullet Lists, there's something about them that really puts me off. I don't tend to like them as much in my reading either, so personality does come into this.But your points in both directions about grammar are important. Decent grammar does help, but past a certain point of skill it's not going to be formal and always perfectly correct. Colloquial grammar, a conversational style with some variations that aren't strictly legal from your English teacher's point of view can make a much more readable article.I tend to watch for what works in magazines, the sort that pay thousands of dollars or pounds to their writers. That balances readably good grammar with readably good bad grammar in an effective way. Some bad constructions just sound ignorant, others sound conversational and break up a stultified academic feeling to an article.Someday, when I've written another 20 books and done enough research in my reading, I'm going to do a writing book titled "Doing the Wrong Thing Write" or something like that, on the hidden rules that make all the exceptions work -- the contexts for things like broken sentences and weird constructions. Or even passive voice.It's horrible and you're supposed to pound it out of every story.Except that in some moods and some suspense situations a little of it creates atmosphere and builds up a nagging eerie sense of fear.waynet19 months ago Thanks Again Robert!This article just seemed to download from my brain and I never made any notes whatsoever for this article, I just thought of the title through a request and thought I could write that one and I did.Writing shouldn't be limiting in any way, just a general grasp of grammar and english is required, so long as the point of an article is far more useful than the effort applied!Chris Crow18 months ago Great tips and a good, entertaining read!ryankett17 months ago Some good tips there waynet, i'm going to bookmark this hub and refer to it next time I write a hub.p.s. your not too far away from me up there in hull, im based in west yorks at the mo.waynet17 months ago Cheers Ryankett!These tips are an amalgamation of tips I've acquired online and in my own writing and it just makes sense to write for the reader!Yep sunny old Hull.....jiberish17 months ago Thank Waynet, I really needed this info.waynet17 months ago Cheers now Jiberish...!bloodnlatex15 months ago This is a great article. You've brought to light the importance of a lot of things that I've known, but always seem to ignore or overlook in my writing.  Thanks for reminding me that you can't build a house without a foundation.Jessica Horn15 months ago Great article! I'm still learning the ropes here on hubpages & will take all the advice I can get.  I've fanned you & look forward to your continuing fantastic hubpages contributions.lyricsingray15 months ago I'm printing this for sure-thanks! Great writing!waynet15 months ago Thanks BNL!I've tried to write an article that I hadn't just regurgitated from elsewhere after having read it, I've tried to write from personal experience too, which is always the most useful thing anyone can do when writing an article!RANJITH15 months ago GOOD ARTICLE,WHERE A SUBJECT MATTERS TO KEEP THE STORY LIVE.waynet15 months ago Cheers now Ranjith!Subjects matter to keep the story alive....Leslie L. Sanders15 months ago Two thumbs up! Great, great advice! It's gonna take me a while to read all of your hubs but I sure want to. I read enough to see you know what you're talking about. I love it! Good stuff.waynet15 months ago Cheers Leslie!This was a great article to write because it downloaded from my brain like it was put there from cosmic forces!!?Glad you liked it!mizink15 months ago Great article waynet. Isn't it great when things download from the brain. You know it's gonna be good.waynet15 months ago Thanks Mizink!I just follow up this article with something else, as I have loads of thoughts on the subject of writing...!itakins14 months ago Invaluable article-I reckon you weren't sick that day-they had you in teaching another class! Brilliant work.waynet14 months ago Cheers itakins! took me a while to write it, but the steps are worth following!!Dale Mazurek12 months ago Probably over 90% of my marketing is done through articles.I like to consider my self an expert article writer with a couple 1000 published articles.This is most definatly a great hub on writing articles.  Anyone that wants to learn to write good articles needs to read and book mark this hub.I am proud to have the hub listed on my blog as it was choosen by another hubber.CheersDalewaynet12 months ago Cheers Dale!This writing hubpage was great to write as it is something that I am working alot on lately with article marketing, so I put alot of thought into it.amandaD11 months ago This is a really detailed hubpage about writing for sure Wayne.... so this is what you do when I'm out for the day!Missi Darnell10 months ago Wonderfully done hub and great advice. Love your side note by the way. I've bookmarked it! Thanks!waynet10 months ago Cheers Missi!I think this is one of my longest hubpages so far and I enjoyed writing it...yes the side note is an honest one!Susan Carter9 months ago I got to the part in your hub that mentioned negative criticism.  I couldnt believe the timing because just about an hour before I read your article, I published a post on sexuality and the importance of nutrition and the first comment I got was a personal attack from a newbie on HubPages who stated that I was being condescending and a snob.There were a few other choice words that really hurt.  I was fluctuating between approving the comment as freedom of speech, but I decided to delete it because it was too hurtful.  I obviously hit a nerve and she lashed out at me.  What I did do, however, is go back and take a serious look at the tone of my hub to see if it could be taken the wrong way by someone.  I found a couple sentences that were a little bit too blunt so I swallowed my pride and took her remarks as constructive.  I changed the tone of the first few paragraphs then scanned the rest to be sure it was not offensive or hurtful.I did send her an email through HubPages telling her she had hurt my feelings and explaining why I could not approve her comment.  I dont know if you have ever experienced this in your tenure on HB, but it took me by complete surprise.  My other 8 hubs have elicited only nice comments so I hope this is not something I should come to expect.Thanks for all the good advice in your Hub.  I will be incorporating several of the points in my own.waynet9 months ago Thanks for your comments Susan!And yes it seems people just like to leave negative comments, in particular on my drawing hubpages saying that my drawing sucks and they could do better etc and I usually leave them or sometimes I delete them, there are a few people who do go out of their way to just spread negativity and I find it more fun to ignore or not acknowledge their negative comments.Cheers now!NelsonMuntzBB7 months ago Really good article! very helpful!I am new here!waynet7 months ago Cheers there Nelson! and welcome!RandomSh!t7 months ago Excellent tips,.. some I had'nt thought about !!! Ya !!! I learned something,.. LOLwaynet7 months ago Cheers now! this seems a popular article with not many comments, so thanks!Research Analyst7 months ago these are really great tips and I will definitely be bookmarking this hub for later reference.Abwaan7 months ago Nice ideas! Thanks!dallas934446 months ago I see how you "earned" your 100 score! Great detailed hub. As a newbie, it will take some time to absorb. Your #10 comment is what I am integrating into my book. I am going to follow you and learn... "UP" and "awesome."waynet6 months ago Hey thanks Dallas!Writing is my second passion next to drawing, so I wrote this from the heart and the mind and rooted deep for good insights....cheers now!Hummingbird53566 months ago There is some good information in your article.  I did not know about Google Scholar, for example.  That is very handy for me.Thanks for a good hub.I saw you on the hub interview.waynet6 months ago Thank you Hummingbird5356!Rebecca E.6 months ago soem awesome info here, and I am so gald to have found it ( by and by) still it is so important and all of your list is of value, and of course it means I have bookmarked this hub for more reading.  Thanks for this hub!waynet6 months ago Cheers Rebecca!You have lots of great article hubs that I've read!Aarthy Yuvaraj5 months ago Great Article. Thanks for the useful information.waynet5 months ago thanks and cheers!Debby Bruck4 months ago No wonder you are so popular and everyone loves your articles. Great way to inspire writers to improve. All the best, Debbywaynet4 months ago Cheers Debby!I enjoyed writing this hubpage article...SELL MY ART4 months ago bookmarked this hub , thanks Waynet.JacquiD4 months ago Hey this article is great!  I'm just getting started in this field with Demandstudios, breakstudios and constantcontent.  Any advice on how to get google hits?waynet4 months ago Yeah, the best way is to just write more stuff you know a lot about and then each hubpage you can link to that's relevant and then you can create a backlinking strategy so as to promote your articles.Join forums related to what you are mainly writing about and participate there for awhile before you star to promote your top articles or website/blog.But I would recommend writing more and have a strategy in mind, treat it like business, instead of a hobby and you may get those magical Google hits!MKayo3 months ago Great info! I have just started writing for the web in various places. I thought I knew most of it, but you have enlightened me. Thanks for the encouragement!D.Virtual.Doctor3 months ago Thanks so much for the hub! Its really a nice one. Hubs like this makes me wonder why I did not discover this great community in time.1. Create an outline for your articleYour article should include a headline, introduction, body,conclusion and resource box.Headline - make this as catchy as possible because yourreader will read this first then decide if he or she willcontinue reading the rest of the article. i.e."7 Highly Effective Ways to Gain Instant Trafficto Your Web Site".Introduction - introduce the problem you will be discussingin your article or write a short story of your experiencewith the problem.Body - discuss all the solutions to the problem yououtlined in the introduction. Break up each point intoseparate paragraphs and keep them to about 5 lines. You maywant to create a sub-heading for each point. This makes iteasier to read as most people will scan your article whenreading it online.Conclusion - this should include a brief summary of yourarticle and a call for the reader to take action. i.e. "Besure to include article marketing as one of the topstrategies for promoting your web site. It's a selfgenerating marketing machine that produces a constant flowof visitors".cyberwriter3 months ago very informative article. thanks for your time.Treasuresofheaven2 months ago Waynet,Good information.  I especially like your discussion about being a credible authority and branding.waynet2 months ago Cheers TOF!michael ely2 months ago Hi Waynet, That's a lot of good tips and i'm going to at least try and follow them. Cheers.  Michael.AlexHanson2 months ago Thanks for the info.  It really helps.GmaGoldie2 months ago I need this 8 months ago!  Great post!  The only item I would add is IF you are seeking to make money by advertising, check the Google keyword.  I wrote and wrote and then I realized 1.) no demand for that subject and 2.) no value to that subject.I suppose the unpublished score helps me decide which Hubs and which Hub topics to pursue.Great post - thank you!  And love your comments on the forum.PSYour grammar is just fine.waynet2 months ago Cheers now!I enjoyed writing this article way back nearly 2 years ago and I suppose a lot of what I wrote still applies, but I have become more of a writer that concentrates on specific ideas that translate to traffic.Cheers about the grammar!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesWriting in the NewsSpell of WordsSun Star3 hours agoTHE TRUE wizards of writing seldom arrive at a particular venue with flair. Rarely do they come by, donning alluring robes or wearing pointed hats resting on their heads. read moreSupport grows for regulation of will-writingLaw Society Gazette1 second agoA call for evidence on whether will-writing should become a regulated activity has received a huge response from the profession and public, with consumer bodies in favour of regulation. The Legal Services Board Consumer Panel has received 380 case studies from lawyers, members of the public and others seeking to inform its research into whether the regulation of will-writing would be in the ...Through writing, Hillsborough hospice workers deal with immortalitySt. Petersburg Times1 second agoBy Robbyn Mitchell, Times Staff Writer Sunday, January 9, 2011 TAMPA  Just after the cappuccino machine stopped hissing, Lori Thompson stepped to the front of small stage in the coffee shop and took a breath. On the exhale, she read aloud: The baby wailing in the back seat / Four patients on their last breath/ Our other house up for sale / They have seen their final days / Four patients on ...Column writing a fine art with which everyone is not blessedPlainview Daily Herald46 minutes agoAs I settle in to write this column it's 8:07 Saturday night, or about 12 hours past the time I hoped to be writing it.Creative writing class launches in WinchesterHampshire Chronicle9 hours agoA WINCHESTER poet and teacher is launching a creative writing course for children at a local bookshop.Emirates Partners with Montblanc in A380 OfferScoop.co.nz1 second agoEmirates has partnered with Montblanc to offer customers the opportunity to win a luxury trip to Hamburg and an exclusive Montblanc Skeleton A380 limited edition writing instrument worth US$19,640.93waynetHubPages EliteFrom Hull City   United Kingdom1474 Followers656 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by waynetContact waynetFollow waynetSubscribe to waynet's RSS feedAnswers The Question10 Steps To Creating A Great Article, An Experienced Writer's Guideasked by Ryan Hupfer 2 years ago1 answerAnswer this question Ask a QuestionAsk waynet a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat does it take to write a book?asked by AEvans 8 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionAs a writer what's your take on the act of writing? I struggle with it - it feels narcissitic...asked by lemmyisgod 9 months ago8 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsArticle Writing Tips: Do You Know Why You Write?by hypnodudeLinks to 'Get Paid to Write' Sitesby BeatsMeHow to Write a Literacy Narrativeby Painted SeahorseMy First Month as a Freelance Writerby Dusty SnokeFive Conditions That Affect Your Creativityby Mike LickteigHow to Change the World by Writingby Rose West Finding Your Writer's Voice ForumTopicRepliesIn Memory of Russell, He was Loved by His Friendsposted by ddsurfsca3What if family object to being written about?posted by Baileybear48various: travel, an illogical husband, cooking, a varied list. posted by Mrs Mouse1Post a new topic14 more topics Tagswriting writer write writing tips how to write articles article writing tips Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.817 sec)  working