Three Thousand Views For Sarah PalinHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesUnited States PoliticsThree Thousand Views For Sarah PalinThree Thousand Views For Sarah Palin57rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Ghost32From Going Rogue To Going Into A Black HoleToday is March 9, 2010, just 3 months and 17 days after I wrote my first pro-Sarah Palin article. The inspiration for that piece came from her memoir, Going Rogue. This page will be effort #66 in the ongoing Palin 2012 program, and a quick statistics check tonight showed the other 65 political hubs had been viewed a total of exactly 3,000 times. In the meantime, the former Governor of Alaska has finished her book tour, signed up with Fox as both a news commentator and host of an inspirational show, pitched a pro-Alaska show to producers, received a standing ovation for her address to the tea party convention, displayed her Sarah Superstar "coattail power" by boosting John McCain's poll numbers dramatically with her endorsement, and even scored her debut as a standup comic on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno.Doesn't sound like her political career is exactly "over" to me...does it to you?In the meantime, Obama's star is imploding, his administration eating itself from the inside, collapsing in upon itself in perfect imitation of a galactic black hole. This amazing process breaks down into several parts.Part #1: Policy. A few examples (among many) include his seemingly insane push to institute a generally despised health care reform system, having his Vice President strongly criticize our only real ally in the Middle East (Israel) for their authorization of new settlement in an area opposed by the Palestinians, and treating obvious terrorism as a series of unrelated criminal acts by unbalanced individuals. Part #2: Tactics. "Chicago style politics", while generally despised by any American understanding the concept of personal honor, is not only embraced by the current occupant of the Oval Office and his henchpersons...but celebrated. We see Nancy Pelosi gleefully ripping political arms from other House members who either lack the sand to stand up to her or whose dirty laundry makes them vulnerable to blackmail. Rahm Emanuel storms naked into the Congressional showers to jab his finger in the chest of a Congressman twice his size. Threats and bribes become the obvious weapons of choice.Part #3: Infighting. Instead of presenting a united front to the world like any sensible married couple knows to do when the kids are trying to work them against each other and the bill collectors are calling, key members of this administration appear to be in the middle of one massive barfight. Axelrod vs. Emanuel in a cage fight, UFC style before the UFC added rules, when it was still okay to bite and gouge and punch people in the testicles. Hope you enjoy your black hole, Obamanation. Obama's administration is in as much trouble as was this tennis shoe when I finished digging the trench for the French drain around our house.Where Do We Go From Here?The next few weeks appear to be crucial in the matter of whether Health Care Deformed is "to be or not to be". Forces on both sides are mobilizing more fiercely than ever. (In case there's any doubt: I'm on the "not to be" side of this debate.) Hopefully, the House of Misrepresentatives will come to its collective senses in time to say, "Hey, enough. This debacle is more of an insurance company bailout than it is true health care reform, anyway, so why should I sacrifice my career because the Speaker of the House and the President of the United States say so? They're not the boss of me!" True, that may be way, way too optimistic. Over the rainbow and all that.But if the trends currently in play continue on their present courses--and there seems little indication they'll do otherwise, at least so far--well, then, it won't be a question of electing Sarah Palin or not electing Sarah Palin when 2012 rolls around. Instead, it'll be a matter of President Palin implementing more effective policies and tactics and choosing a more functional White House staff than did her predecessor. It'll be like my hookup with my wife, Pam, in 1996, after she'd been forced out by her former husband and survived nearly three years of homelessness. Which is a good thing. It's always helpful to follow a bad act. Following an absolute Little Shop of Horrors is even better. That's the view after Three Thousand Views for Sarah. Four thousand coming up....vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Politics: Tina Fey For Sarah PalinPolitics: The Scared Straight Arizona Border TourCommentsFaybe Bay10 months ago Ghost, I usually stay out of politics, but I enjoy reading your take on things, as it doesn't have a political feel but more a neighborly over the fence chat. Thanks for keeping me up to date. I don't know if anyone can fix the mess, but at least here, I get a clearer view of what it's made up of.msorensson10 months ago ha ha ha.. I loooove your hubs..You write beautifully...Thank you !!sheila b.10 months ago Great article and congrats on your readership.Tubbs Merouge10 months ago Three more years of the Obama/Biden superduo!! Lets see, just how much more damage can they cause in the next three years...hmmm.FitnezzJim10 months ago Congrats on the 3000 views.I have to agree, given her previous administrative experience, it seems likely that Ms. Palin would be able to pull together a functional and effective staff, and be more liekly to succeed in an executive role than our current selection.  Adminstrative experience is the one thing she has that President Obama did not have.The points are good, and we can only hope folks actually read her book and see her view on things instead of waiting around to be spoonfed a spoiled mass media version.  Of course, if they don't want to read her book, we can always point folks to your Hubs.Keep on hubbing.Ghost3210 months ago FaybeBay, thanks so much.  While I agree with your perception of my writing style, I hadn't given it a pinch of thought until your post popped up.MSorensson, your comment prompted me to check out YOUR writing, become absolutely impressed, rate UP the first hub of yours I read...and sign up as your fan.Sheila, thanks for the congrats.  Now to add a few zeroes...three million...three billion....three trillion...and it would STILL be less than the deficit!!Tubbs, as usual you made me think:  Obama/Biden...hmmm...OB as in OB/GYN ?  Well...guess that would be a better acronym than getting on a first name basis with those two.  'Cause then you'd refer to that duo as a BJ, and....Jim, you've hit the nail on the head regarding my Hubs:  They're DESIGNED to be "quickly and easily read" for the time-challenged voter prior to Election Day in 2012.  And of course readily accessible on the Internet instead of hidden away in remote Himalayan mountain caves like your local library or Wal-Mart or the intimidating (shudder) Hastings Bookstore.She does have more than just one thing President Obama did not have, however.  Despite the fact that our precious mainstream media hammered away at her lack of foreign relations experience, she actually had quite a bit of that as Governor of Alaska.  As Commander in Chief of Alaska's National Guard, the state's proximity to not only Russia but to every Pacific Rim country could not be (and was not) ignored.  She had to deal with the Chinese effort to slip in and monopolize the natural gas pipeline.  Trade relations with bordering Canada might sound like nothing much to some people, but the truth of the matter is that Canada IS a foreign country--and trade agreements plus border monitoring arrangements with them are not something any Alaskan Governor can ignore.I'll bet she's a better cook than Obama, too.laurana110 months ago Hi again, Ghost! ^_^ Okay, so I've been a silent reader here on HubPages for a few eeks now. I began to follow your hubs, not really because I'm a supporter, but because I hoped reading your hubs would provide some insight.I don't understand why people like/support Sarah Palin. There, I said it. I just don't get it! How anyone in their right minds could actually believe that woman is fit to be POTUS... I dunno.I don't think it's from lack of trying to understand. But despite my best efforts, I still don't get it.Instead of giving me reasons, people give me insults. They tell me to "stop drinking the Kool-Aid" or "stop listening to the liberal left-wing nut-job socialist media" or whatever. But the thing is, I don't just watch one media source. I do watch Fox News sometimes, to try and understand. I don't blindly worship Obama or Democrats, sure I voted for the man and support him, but I don't pretend he's perfect. If I don't get insults, I get vague claims. "Barack Obama is the worst POTUS we have EVER had" or "Sarah Palin is way more experienced" without any facts to back up those statements. And when I point that out, people resort to the insults again. Even when I DO get an actual discussion out of people (which is sadly extremely rare), it seems that even our basic LOGIC differs. And I never get anywhere.I really am curious. And I hope you don't think I'm patronizing or stuck-up or whatever, but I WANT TO UNDERSTAND. Since my other tactics were getting me nowhere, I decided to become a silent reader. To listen and read with an open mind. This, I reasoned, couldn't backfire.But... I'm so frustrated! Because after reading so many of your hubs, I still don't have a single reason to vote for her. I witheld my comments, thinking it wouldn't matter and that the next hub would explain it. But there's still nothing...I know I'm nit-picky, and I'm sorry, but I like to be very sure of my vote. And maybe you'll just write me off as some crazy person who worships Obama and just wants to criticize, but I'm really not. I'm one vote. My vote counts. And here I am, ready to listen, wanting to understand, trying to comprehend. So sell me on it! I'm a willing audience! Yeah, it's not easy, but you won't find a more open Obama-supporter to try and convert.But let's take this hub, for example. Here is your first argument:"In the meantime, the former Governor of Alaska has finished her book tour, signed up with Fox as both a news commentator and host of an inspirational show, pitched a pro-Alaska show to producers, received a standing ovation for her address to the tea party convention, displayed her Sarah Superstar "coattail power" by boosting John McCain's poll numbers dramatically with her endorsement, and even scored her debut as a standup comic on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno."Okay, so she did a book tour. Awesome. But why does that make her a good President? J.K. Rowling has had multiple book tours for her Harry Potter books. So, next.Signed up as a Fox News commentator and got her own show. Yet again, how does that qualify her? There are lots of Fox News commentators, but that doesn't mean they're qualified to be President. Chris Matthews, Rachel Maddow... they have shows, too! But would you vote for them? My conclusion: Cool, but doesn't really matter.Pitched a show to producers, people do that EVERY SINGLE DAY. Have you seen the shows on MTV these days? Complete crap. But someone pitched them...Standing ovation at the Tea Party... That's not unexpected. If Obama receives a standing ovation after a speech to a room full of hardcore Democrats, what does that mean? Besides, he already does get standing ovations anyway, it doesn't matter. I'm not going to cite that as an actual reason to support him. If she gets a standing ovation after making a speech to a room full of Liberals or to some politicians in say, Japan, then we'll talk.Boosted John McCain's poll numbers. Yet again, so what? She boosted them last year, too. And then she caused them to plummet. And in the end, Obama's numbers were higher, so... really, what does it matter?Standup comic. Okay seriously, this one just makes me laugh. I honestly could care less if Sarah Palin is funny. I don't CARE if her jokes are good. Sure, I'd hire her to be a comedian. I laughed when she went on SNL! And I'm not gonna lie, Obama... is not funny. He's not, not really. But can you please tell me why that even matters? It doesn't matter at all, but you dedicated a whole hub to why Sarah Palin was funny and Obama is not and some other Democrat went on another show on the same night as Palin, but he wasn't as funny. I'm sorry Ghost, but you won't convince me to vote for her by convincing me the woman can make me laugh. That's one of the worst reasons... Even worse than the fact that she sold a jet on Ebay or fired the family chef. And no, those aren't valid reasons, either.So you spend the first half of the hub praising Ms. Palin for all of the cool things she did which don't make her any better of a candidate for Presidency. But instead of extending the same fairness to our President, by comparing all of the things he has been doing, you choose to focus on the negative.You criticize his policy. "Health care plan that is generally despised" FALSE. Show me actual statistics that say the majority of Americans completely oppose this bill. Not news from Fox, either. If it's true, then show me. Not only that, but last I checked, more than half of the Members of the House and Senate approve. Sure, all the Republicans oppose it, and some of the Democrats, but more than HALF of all officials support it. You complain about offending Israel, which I know absolutely nothing about, so I'll just give you that one. And finally, the whole "trying terrorists according to our political system by giving them the rights to silence and legal representation and whatnot", which I'm 100% FINE with, because in the past we've been torturing and I happen to respect ALL human life, even the life that doesn't respect all human life. So we'll just have to disagree there.Second of all "Chicago-style politics" which as you and I both know, is a load of BULL. You didn't even mention Obama there, so how is that his fault? Pelosi, okay whatever, some other guy, fine, but let's be honest here. This isn't Obama or Chicago's fault. It's the fault of STUPID people with NO MANNERS. And don't even pretend like it's only the Democrats please, because that's just insulting. At least be fair and bring up all the crap Republicans have done. I don't remember reading of rule that the President has to take responsibility for all of the negative actions of people who are in the same political party. Do you? It's not him, it's not Chicago, and it's coming from BOTH sides.Finally, internal disagreement. Okay, what a laugh! I may be young, but I thought that politics and disagreement were lovers? If you'd like to discuss all of the fighting Republicans are currently doing, then be my guest. Because yet again, it's on both sides. I'm really so upset that all of the Democrats aren't completely united on every issue! Actually, I'm pleased. That's politics for ya.And after all of your biased and somewhat irrelevant praise of Palin and criticism of President Obama, you finish up with a few clever puns (okay, Health Care Deformed did make laugh, even though I support it xD) and tell us Palin will surely be in office in 2012.Maybe I'm dense, I dunno, but I still don't see why this means I need to vote for Ms. Palin. I do apologize for the challenging (and possibly somewhat rude, sorry >_laurana110 months ago ...tone, but it makes no sense to me. I just. Don't. Get it. And I'm sorry I don't. T___TGhost3210 months ago Hi, Laurana.  I'm truly sorry to hear about your frustration level; that's seldom a good thing for any of us.  It may well be that no matter what is or is not said...that you won't be able to comprehend why anyone likes Sarah Palin.  I do seem to remember an earlier discussion you and I had on another hub, at the end of which you seemed to understand that I personally like Sarah in part because her values and mine are much the same in many areas ranging from believing government's role in our lives should be extremely limited to being Life Members of the National Rifle Association.That made sense to you at the time.  If it no longer does, it may be there's nothing I can do to help.As to your point that many of Mrs. Palin's activities don't necessarily qualify her to be President, that is true enough in and of itself.  Even those that don't, however, do much to keep her in the public eye, and that counts in the world of politics.When it comes to the infighting in the White House, yes, Republicans do that sort of thing, too--but it looks to me like the pure intensity of the squabbling in the President's group at this time is beyond the usual level of such things in any successful administration.Now, about your disbelief regarding the generally accepted truth that the majority of Americans disapprove of the health care reform plan as it currently exists, I simply have no idea why you doubt this.  However, here are a couple of "non-Fox News" links to polls that parallel what I said in the hub:The Rasmussen poll which finds 53% remain opposed:http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/polA Zogby poll which finds 57% agree with the GOP that the present plan should be scrapped and that we should start from scratch:http://www.healthcarebs.com/2010/02/17/zogby-poll-Laurana,  I don't see you as dense, although (unsurprisingly) I disagree with your statement that both my praise of Sarah Palin and my criticism of Barack Obama falls under the category of "biased and somewhat irrelevant".  When it comes to the President, I've had a very, very hard time finding anything on the policy front tht I could identify as positive.  As a family man, he appears to be top drawer.  I respect that.  But in the amount of damage he's done and continues to do to this country, there is little to admire.Perhaps one more link might help:http://www.thedailybeast.com/blogs-and-stories/201This is Mort Zuckerman's column discussing Obama.  Mort has impressive credentials but, more importantly, he writes well.  If you read his column and still cannot see anything wrong with our current President, I would honestly recommend you just let it go and vote your heart.Because after all, I'm NOT saying you need to vote for Mrs. Palin.  All of my pro-Sarah Palin pieces to date and all of those to follow (and there will be many) are designed not to convince you or anyone else who they should vote for.  They are simply there to let people know a little more about Sarah if they care to learn.Why (in your words) you just. Don't. Get it....Laurana, I admit to being a little frustrated at my end as well.  If you're truly sincere about trying to figure out why some of us would like to see her as President and you still haven't read her book, though--that might just be your answer.  It was what she had to say in Going Rogue that convinced me she was worth supporting hardcore.Maybe you could read that through, you know, two or three times, and then get back to me?In the meantime, I wish you the best of luck in blowing away those "Cobwebs of Confusion".  Those are NEVER any fun.Madame X9 months ago Actually Ghost, I don't see it as an insurance company bailout - more like an insurance company power-grab. If we are all forced to buy insurance, the demand goes up. When demand goes up, the sellers can set any price they want because you MUST buy it. Like these a-holes aren't rich enough. Well, they're rich enough to have bought congress anyway.I'm delighted to hear you've had so many views for Sarah. No matter how much they scream that "she has nothing" and "is no one", they just can't get away from all the fact of all her grassroots support.Haha - we'll have the last laugh in the end :)Ghost329 months ago Insurance company bailout or insurance company power grab, either way it stinks like the proverbial dead skunk in the middle of the road.  Serves me right, I guess.  As a young buck, I detested insurance so strongly that the industry was drawn to me.  No, that's not a joke.  The only worthwhile job I was able to nail after college graduation was as a commercial underwriting insurance trainee with a major carrier.  Before I got myself into balance enough to "escape" from that career, I had total of 12 years of underwriting experience.And yup, those folks are rich enough.Nya-haw-haw!!! (Practicing for that last laugh when the opportunity comes around....)Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites97Ghost32From Hereford, Arizona731 Followers574 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Ghost32Contact Ghost32Follow Ghost32Subscribe to Ghost32's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Ghost32 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWill Sarah Palin be the next President of the U.S?asked by mtalbot2987 3 days ago9 answersAnswer this questionWill Sarah Palin win the Republican nomination in 2012?asked by ExpertCLB 6 weeks ago4 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsDemocrats Endorse Sarah Palinby Ghost32The Arizona Nazi Accusationby Ghost32One Thousand Views For Sarah Palinby Ghost32Five Thousand Views For Sarah Palinby Ghost32Two Thousand Views For Sarah Palinby Ghost32Six Thousand Views For Sarah Palinby Ghost32 United States Politics ForumTopicRepliesRumor: Michele Bachmann considering White House bid posted by I am DB Cooper103"Sources: JOHN EDWARDS' engagement rumors false": MSNBCposted by fishskinfreak20080Sen. McCain Needs to Retire. What Do You Think?posted by Paul Wingert20Post a new topic450 more topics Tagssarah palin jay leno tonight show oval office house of representatives going rogue Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.327 sec)  working