Places To Publish Your Poetry: Submit and Sell PoemsHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   Get Paid To WriteAll TopicsBooks, Literature, and WritingPoems and PoetryPlaces To Publish Your Poetry: Submit and Sell PoemsPlaces To Publish Your Poetry: Submit and Sell Poems86rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Shirley AndersonPOEtryJust yesterday, I saw a request for a hub about the best places to sell poetry. For the life of me, I couldn't find it today.I'm no poet by any means. If you don't believe me, look here. It'll only take you a second. I think I'm missing the poetry gene. With the exception of The Cat In The Hat, the only sonnet that I like is Edgar Allen Poe's, The Raven. Yes, I know. It's poignant.My personal preferences aside, I decided to take a crack at this subject matter, figured it would be great practice and may even help somebody with their poetry publishing. So here goes. Good luck to both of us.The Raven Read By Vincent PriceA word of cautionAs I understand it, the biggest caution for poets is to practise due diligence in order to avoid being scammed. Some publishers will add your work to an anthology if you purchase a copy of the book.Author's Post Publishing Note - see comment below from Bonnie Ramsey.  Thx, Bonnie! Poetry Publishing Markets - Click the titles, opens in new windowFiction Factor- This is an online magazine for fiction writers, but they have a poetry markets section. At the time of this writing, I counted 21 places to submit to.The League of Canadian Poets - First of all, it's Canadian so it must be good, eh? There are a tremendous number of resources for poets on this site, looks to be very helpful, or at least interesting. There are links to magazines poetry publishing, poetry events and groups, research links, and all manner of things related to sonnet writing.All Rights Reserved - Look! Isn't that a mountie? This is non-profit, so the payment is a copy of the publication if your submission is accepted. They are a Canadian site, yes, but tout being dedicated to providing an international voice for writers. PRISM International - Oh, Canada. Can be a bit of a wait time to hear back about this one, depending on the time of year. This link takes you right to the guidelines page. Compensation is noted at the bottom.Albatross - This one is out of Massachusettes.  I couldn't find anything on their payment for accepted submissions.Easy Way To Write - For you poets down under that want to submit close to home, this site is based in Australia. There is a lot of general writing info here, as well as the market listings, but when I checked a couple of the links, they were courses for sale. The markets have full addresses, and website addys where available. This site also has a forum.American Poetry Review - Guidelines are right there, very clear and concise.Poetry Magazine - Name pretty much says it all. As far as I can tell, this is a contest to get printed up in their mag.*** Riddle Fence *** Currently calling for submissions! - Check this out asap. The deadline is March 31st. This is another Canadian site. Just a fluke, honest.Poetry Markets2010 Poet's MarketAmazon Price: $0.97List Price: $29.99 As I mentioned at the beginning, this is unchartered territory for me.  Hopefully, there are enough links here to get you started.  If people want more, I can do another hub, just let me know.Very best of luck getting your poetry published.  Just don't forget to check the submission sites carefully - you should not have to pay to get your work printed unless you are self-publishing.I'd love to hear if any of these sites worked out for you.More Writing and Poetry Publishing InformationWriting Prompts - Exercise Your Inner PoetGive your inner poet a good workout with these writing prompts and exercises!Online Writing Courses & ResourcesOnline Writing Courses and Resources is a comprehensive guide to finding online help for improving your writing skills. Resources include links to writers groups.Six Tips For Publishing SuccessThe expansion of the internet has been both a pro and a con for writers, professionals and beginners alike. On one hand, we have a tremendously diverse marketplace that is easily accessible, but on the...Places to Sell Your Writing IIBack by popular demand, here are some more places to submit your writing to. I shan't engage in a lot of preamble, but as your self-appointed coach, I am going to say this: Go write a killer query letter or...Updates and Self-PublishingFor updates and new hub alerts, please subscribe to my RSS feed.If you'd like to self publish some of your own poetry on HubPages, all you have to do is sign up for your own account.  It's free, easy, fun and you can make a little money through ad revenue.Poetry Publishing NewsJohn Lundberg: New York's Subway Replaces Poetry With More AdsThe Huffington Post3 hours agoThe city's popular "Train of Thought" program (formerly "Poetry in Motion"), which sought to brighten the subway commute with a little poetry and poignant prose, has been replaced by ads promoting the MTA's own achievements.Poetry and passionThe Star19 hours agoMemory and reality overlap in this novel that takes readers into a womans heart and mind.Contest is pure poetry for studentsBaltimore Sun15 hours agoThree teens take top honors in competition, move on to regional level Local students took to the stage last week to compete in the local level of the Poetry Out Loud contest, which was founded in 2005 on the premise that elements of slam poetry, spoken word and theater could be combined to encourage mastery of public speaking and deeper exploration of literary heritage through memorization and ...vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (3)Funny (1)Awesome (1)Beautiful (1)Writing is a Sensual MistressWriting Prompts - Exercise Your Inner Poet, Release Your Inner PoePoetry Lover's Revenge - Please leave a comment after the beep.  Please.Zsuzsy Bee2 years ago I'm with you on the poetry Shirley. Except for the occasional Haiku, I suck at it. Unfortunately most of it also goes right over my head...like the symbolism etc.My motto, if you want to say it, say it...great hub regards ZsuzsyShirley Anderson2 years ago Thx, Zsuzsy!It may not make me a classy broad, but I kinda zone out on the poetry, prose is definitely more my bag.Bonnie Ramsey2 years ago Hi, Shirley!Thanks for posting this hub! I haven't had any dealings with the links you have provided but will be checking them out. I have dealt with a lot of them over the years and many of them will publish in their anthology but don't offer you a copy. But at least you can get published if you can't buy the anthology.One thing I have learned over the years, though is that poets seem to fall under a whole different catagory in the publishing market than, say fiction or other types of authors. By this, I mean as far as finding a publishing company that will publish without payment. In most cases, the publishers require unknown authors of poetry books to pay for publishing, at least their first publication. From what I have learned, this is due to the fact that poetry doesn't sell like novels and other types of books. Once you pay for publication, if your book sells good, then it is possible to find publishing without up front payment.The anthologies are great in the fact that they publish for free, whether you can buy a copy or not. At least your work is included and you get it out to the public who purchase them. I have been published in several anthologies over the years and the ones I have dealt with have been excellent! I will never forget the first time I saw my poetry in print! It is amazing and well worth it. With the ones I have published in, they allow the poet to keep the copyright so you don't have to give up the opportunity to publish it elsewhere. While the anthology in itself is copyrighted by the publisher, the individual poems are the property of the author themselves. So, don't let the fact that they want to publish you in the anthology and ask you to buy a copy discourage you. This simply means that they don't offer a free copy to every author.Some of the companies I have won awards and publications through include The National Library of Poetry, American Poetry Association, International Society of Poets, New York Poetry Foundation, Inc., World of Poetry Foundation, Sparrowgrass Poetry, Quill Books, Watermark Press and The Poetry Center.These are all excellent companies and while most of my dealings have been through regualer mail over the years, it is highly possible that many of these companies may now be online. I would have to do a search on them to find out if they are the same companies I have dealt with and one day I just may do that. But for now, I have been happy with the snail mail way of things on poetry lol. Hope this info is of some use to you.Bonnie RamseyShirley Anderson2 years ago Bonnie!  Are you kidding, this is excellent info!  Thx so much.Once again, my newbie poet side is showing.If memory serves, at least some of those links mentioned that they accept snail mail, so I hope at least one of them is helpful to you.Thx again, Bonnie.  You're amazing.By the way, I think you just wrote another hub here. Bonnie Ramsey2 years ago LOL, Shirley! It did turn out a bit lengthy, didn't it? Sorry about that part! I haven't done much with my poetry lately other than posting some here on HP. I have been concentrating more on article marketing for my business, creating hubs and things of that nature. Just trying out some new things! Hope you stop by my hub pages sometimes to view some of it! I will also check out these links. I have no problem with online work at all!BonnieShirley Anderson2 years ago Don't apologize, I'm glad you did it.  I would feel bad about passing on advice that wasn't fully disclosing.  I like helping other writers when I can, I never like to discourage anyone, even poets. :)For the record, I think it was a great inner hub.yenseca2 years ago Interesting links, I love poetry and I think I do have the gene...sometimes. It's kind of like writing anything else in which you have to be in the right mindset and mood for it to go well.Shirley Anderson2 years ago I envy people who have the gene.  I have this idea that poets are able to gain deeper access to their emotions, than the rest of us.Looking forward to seeing some of your poetry on the hubs.Fellow Canadian, Shirley =)lady luck2 years ago Thanks for writing this hub, I have some neurotic poetry that I should build upon and try to publish, this will def. come in handy!Jenevieve2 years ago Thank you!  I am looking forward to checking out these links and reading your future articles!  JenevieveShirley Anderson2 years ago I would love to hear if anyone gets their poetry published from one of these links.  Direct feedback is the best way to find out what a publisher is really like to work with.C.S.Alexis2 years ago I sent an email to a friend for this page. Thanx for the info.Shirley Anderson2 years ago C.S. Alexis - thx for reading, and for passing it on.  I love sharing this kind of information.patricia williams2 years ago I have looked for info many places for publishing my poetry and it is very much appreciated thank you for some sort of direction to go in.Shirley Anderson2 years ago You're very welcome, Patricia.  Good luck with your poetry!Randall Parsley2 years ago Shirley,I've been writing poetry and short stories since the age of eleven. Last year I confronted my ultimate fear and submitted some of my poetry to The Triond.com group.they published my poetry on authspot .com, where I now have close to 100 poems published. Though the pay isn't much, but it gives those writers who haven't been published yet a place to start. They also have a comments section at the bottom of each poem. You may want to add Triond.com to your list of Online poetry sites. It publishes all types of content including short stories, articles journal entries etc. There are a good many excellent writers at this site that publish with them on a regular basis, myself included. Read your article and found it very informative.R.B. ParsleyP.S. Check it out.Shirley Anderson2 years ago Hi Randell.  I am familiar with Triond.  Some of the hubbers are also members there.  As I understand it, it is a good place to publish.I applaud your bravery in putting your poems out there for the world.  The first time is scarey.  Keep going, it will pay off for you in one manner or another.Good luck!Shirley  :)Betty Jo Petty2 years ago Getting anything published would be great.I do write some poetry.  I've always liked poetry, and to write articles on Helium.com they have to be three-fifty to four hundred words.  Poetry can be 75 words, so I go with the poetry for saving time.Although, all things cannot be written as poetry!I tried getting onto Triond, and found it a little confusing.  Maybe I will check back with it.  Betty Jo Shirley Anderson2 years ago Betty Jo - That's funny.  I've never thought of poetry as efficient before.  :)There are hubbers who are members of Triond....Uninvited Writer is one.  Perhaps a question posed in the forums would be helpful for you.Then again, you could just win the $10,000 poetry contest that is listed in my Places to Enter Contests Online hub.  :)  Good luck whatever you do!bluerabbit2 years ago It depends on what kind of poetry you write. If you write greeting card verse, you can do pretty well. Blue Mountain Arts and some other companies accept submissions. Go to the greeting card store; see who publishes the cards you like best, then check their sites for specific guidelines. Writer's Market also has listings and tips.Song writers make a lot for lyrics. Check out books on the subject for industry-specific hints. Beware of contests, though. Many are rip-offs.Serious poets usually are not paid, except in copies. If you write serious contemporary free verse, check the site of Poets and Writers Magazine. They have great advice and the best listings. Summer is a good time to write, but hold your serious poems until the fall. Most quarterlies and anthologies use university staffs and students to read manuscripts, so there are not many markets until late August or September. Again, beware of contests, especially a certain huge online poetry community which I will not name. They want you to buy their books, which you will probably find disappointing, and attend their conventions. These are for-profit operations, with the profits coming from contributers, not readers.bluerabbit2 years ago Here's the link to Poets and Writers.http://www.pw.org/Shirley Anderson2 years ago Terrific information, Bluerabbit!  Thanks for your comment and your contribution.Gawn Fishin'2 years ago Hello Shirley, I have some poetry that I wrote over the years.  Here at Hub Pages is the first place I have ever written anything for public view.  Should I Hub a few of my poems, before braving another element?  Does that change my ability to stay in the amature ranks?  Technically, things are sold from our hub pages.  Thanks to you, and others like you, I have found a comfort zone hubbing.Shirley Anderson2 years ago Hi Gawn Fishing. I'm glad you're feeling comfortable here! Sounds like you hope to alsosee your words in print in a venue outside of Hubpages. That's great. Whether you decide to get used to exposing yourself (in a writer's fashion) here first, or just go for it elsewhere, depends onhow much ofa confident risk-taker you are.I'm kind of timid about others seeing my work initially, so I would get used to that by publishing here, then branch out to other sites to make sure I really am good and it wasn't a fluke, then I would submit. But like I said, I'm a chicken.Personally, I think that if you feel really good about what you've written, and you've got enough knowledge of your craft and how to do submissions, then I'd say go for it. Heck do both Hubpages and submitting if you can keep the original works comin'.By the way, if you do fly fishing, you can try submitting an article to American Angler. I can send you the link if you want, or you can find it in my Places to Sell Your Writing II hub. I'm not sure what kind you do, but if it is fly fishing, you might be able to sell something to AA.Wherever you submit to, please remember to read and adhere to the submission guidelines of the publication.Good luck, GF.Gawn Fishin'2 years ago Thank you Shirley, I am a big chicken.  Each of my hubs get braver, and i am composing one now with 2 of my best poems.  At least i think they are my best!Fly Fishing is the only style of fishing that I have never done.  I met one of the editors of Pacific Fisherman Magazine on a long range tuna trip.  I don't want him to publish an article just because of our friendship.  I think I will stick to this format for a very long time.  I am not looking for money.  I want to find out if I have an untapped talent more than anything else.  Thank YOU, GawnShirley Anderson2 years ago "I want to find out if I have an untapped talent more than anything else."Gawn, I'm certain that you do, you just have to connect with it.healwell512 years ago Thank you Shirly for informing here with good poetry sites! I am a poet basically and writing poems in my language. I have few poems in English also, but all are prose poems! Here on hubpages I have put 3 poems!By the way this information will help to get a good site for poems! Thanks!Shirley Anderson2 years ago Good luck with submitting your poety,Healwell.  Let us know how it goes for you.memuna2 years ago i was wondering if u can call me at 2404326436 or e-mail me at mmnnjai@yahoo.comShirley Anderson2 years ago Memuna, who are you please?SirDent2 years ago Shirley it seems you are getting hit on here. Do you think memuna wants a date?I love this hub. Just had to come back again and check it out.  Shirley Anderson2 years ago LOL, I doubt it very much.Thx for coming back here!  You have an open invitation to come and hang out anytime.SirDent2 years ago I love open invitations. My mind can grasp many different meanings from that.  :PI am in the chatroom if you're interested.  broteem24 months ago A great work it is. Persons interested in poetry are sure to be benefited. I have been enjoying the humor spread all through the writings.Poetry is great. Poets are great too. But the readers of poetry are greater. Am I right, Sir?I have submitted a few of my poems in a hub here in the Hubpages.com. No comments I have received yet. I do still wait as I know waiting has no alternative. Let this at least be true to a person who wants to remain true to himself.Shirley Anderson24 months ago SirDent!  I see a message above that says you were by 6 months ago...I didn't realize it was here, sorry!Broteem, thank-you for coming by my hub.  I'm glad that you enjoyed the comments.  I think they are a fun part of any hub.I admire poets and poetry readers.  Poetry has never been something that I've excelled in, but I can appreciate that talent in others.Do not worry, Broteem.  If people do not leave comments, it doesn't mean that your poetry is not being read.  Some people read and enjoy without commenting and some just give you a 'thumbs up' without mentioning it.HubPages isn't the best platform for poetry per se.  Try writing a hub that explains something about poetry - how to write it well, how to sell it, etc.  You will likely get comments with that type of subject matter.Best of luck.  I'll drop by your hubs soon and have a peek.david21 months ago i just like peomGeneriqueMedia20 months ago Thanks again for this neato Hub. =)Shirley Anderson20 months ago GM!  You came to read my humble hub you groovy hubber, you!  Thanks a lot!ajcor20 months ago great hub Shirley - am going to check out your links to publish my poetry - especially the aussi one! thanksShirley Anderson20 months ago Thanks, Ajcor!  Hope this helps you.  I knew when that we had a lot of Aussies on HP, so when I found one for your part of the world, I got pretty excited about being able to provide a link.Best of luck!  If you sell any of your poetry, please come back and tell us so we can celebrate with you.CrystalLily18 months ago Thanks for all the information in this hub!  I will be submitting some of my poems to those sites!Shirley Anderson18 months ago You're welcome, Crystal.  Good luck with placing your work, hope that there was something helpful for you here.  Thanks for coming by.lxxy18 months ago The bells, bells, bells......okay, maybe not. For sure this isn't a dreary piece, go POE!Shirley Anderson18 months ago lxxy, hi!  Gotta love Poe!  I'm not sure which was more tragic - his plot lines or his life. :)Thanks for coming by!Lucey Knight18 months ago What great information.  I'm not the best at poems, but I love trying.  I will have to check out some of the sites you listed.Shirley Anderson18 months ago Oh Lucey, if you are even marginally good, you're better at them than I am. :)I'm not a big poetry lover but I have a lot of respect for people who are.  I always wondered what was wrong with me, I thought that all writers were supposed to get high from reading sonnets.  Sadly, I am missing that gene. :)Hope some of these links will be of some help to you!  Thanks for coming by.Smireles17 months ago Thanks for the links. I do appreciate the information.Shirley Anderson17 months ago I'm glad this proved helpful to you, Smireles.  Good luck with getting your poetry published.  Hope we get to see your work in a publication soon!(Poet)Darren B. Rankins16 months ago I started putting my poetry out on the poetry websites using the poet's market then getting published in books, newspapers and magazines. Then I decieded to start my own magazine and publishing my own books and more.  Anyone can do this it just takes time and staying well focus.  www.purethoughtsmagazine.netMichele Brenton aka banana the poet16 months ago I am about 3 weeks away from publishing my first poetry book.  I'm self publishing it and it is a bit different from the usual poetry books hence its title Alternative Poetry Books the Yellow edition.I'm planning on bringing out six more in the series to comprise a rainbow of slim volumes!I'm putting silly/funny poetry on the 'odd' pages and 'serious' poetry on the 'even' pages.I would be very pleased if you popped along to either of my poetry blogs - the silly poetry is linked to from my name.  I am always glad to have feedback from non-poetry buffs as you are exactly the sort of person I write my funny poetry for.  I like to think of it as tightly structured and sometimes rhyming observational comedy.Great article/hub by the way - very informative and useful.I did once sell a poem but I can't bear waiting for the acceptance/rejection then the waiting for the publication and not being able to publish the poem online until after that happens.  So I just bung them online as soon as I write them to see what people think :)  Patience may well be a virtue, but it isn't one of mine :)Shirley Anderson16 months ago Thank-you, Smireles.  Hope the info is helpful.Michele, congrats on your publishing success!  I'm afraid that I suffer from the lack of patience, as well.  Usually, I say that I'm tolerant, not patient.Thanks for dropping by to read and for sharing your good news.  :)Shirley Anderson16 months ago Darren, your comment got caught in the spam filter.  I assume because of the link at the bottom.Good for you being so pro-active with your poetry!  Good luck with your self-publishing and thanks for visiting my hub.gwennies pen15 months ago Thanks for the info, as I do like poetry... as maybe you can tell when you read some of them in my hubs?  Don't know why, but I like to rhyme. I will be checking out some of the links, and will let you know how they turn out.  Poetry.com is now Lulu.com.  It is not as user friendly, as I found out recently when trying to access my poems written there, which I had over a year invested of writing for them.Shirley Anderson15 months ago Liking to rhyme is a good thing, Gwennie.  It's just not something that I do.I'd love to hear what your experiences are with any of these, especially since I don't do the poetry thing myself.I looked for the Poetry.com link above so that I could refer readers to your comment but I couldn't find it.  Is it there and I'm missing it?Thanks, Gwennie!tomdhum15 months ago got a poem or just a thought post it on my hubI*n*v*i*c*t*u*s14 months ago Thanks, great insight! :)Shirley Anderson14 months ago Thanks for the offer, Tom.  Perhaps our poetry hubbers will want to take advantage of that opportunity.Invictus, thank-you for reading and commenting!lyricsingray13 months ago This was really helpful - thanks, KimberlyShirley Anderson13 months ago Glad it helped, Kimberly!Jarad8613 months ago I got poems and quotes that make my friends and family tear up and they said i should start trying to sell my work... i add art into creativity of words... not too sure how to go about doing so. so please anyone with any help let me know pleaseShirley Anderson13 months ago Gee, Jarad, I've never worked with poetry, I suck at it but there are lots of hubbers who have experience submitting poems.  I'll bet that they could give you some valuable information.Good luck with your poetry.rajeev bhargava13 months ago hi shirley,i'm constantly on the lookout for publishers who will accept my poems for publication.  it's been a long journey in my writing career to polish up my works and now that i have, i would love to hear from you and any other sources that are interested.  i enjoyed this site and found the information very useful.  thanks.Shirley Anderson13 months ago Rajeev, I will be more than happy to add any publishers that I come across that will increase your odds of selling some of your poetry.  I should tell you though, that I don't usually work in that venue so I don't see them very often.You are obviously passionate about your poetry and I wish you much luck in finding a publisher who appreciates your work.Thank-you for your comment, Rajeev.Shirley Anderson12 months ago Hi, Tai.  Your link got caught in the spam filter, so I'm posting the relevant part of your comment here.Tai says, "Hey, i am a kid with open mind and i love great poetry. i always do free verse and my teacher always love my poetry. i just wonder where can i sell my poetry or at least try to."Try any of the above Tai.  Above all, don't give up.  Keep working on writing the best poetry you can, follow publisher guidelines to the letter and keep submitting.Best of luck, Tai!Kimberley11 months ago Hi Shirley :)I'm new here and have been reading all these posts. Could you please explain the hub thing to me LOLI have been writing for ages a passion of mine, I even submitted a poem a few years back, and was lucky to see I won, the gift was having it published and put into their book. I'm trying to get my name out there, get some credibility, to go a little further. Thanks so much for your timeShirley Anderson11 months ago Hi, Kimberley!  Congrats on your win and welcome to HubPages!  Re explaining the hub thing wow, that's a big topic.  There are lots of help pages and hubbers have written some really excellent hubs about the topic but I'll put it in extremely basic terms:  write a high quality hub (800 words is good but fewer is acceptable), add a good quality picture or video and hit the publish button.What happens after depends on why you signed up.  I'm assuming it was to fulfill your writing passion and get exposure, as you mentioned.  Hit the forums and join discussions, visit other people's hubs and leave useful comments, post links on your website (you do have one, right?) and your blog.  Put your link(s) in allowed forum signatures on sites that can help you get noticed in the way that you want to.  Naturally, no spamming allowed. Word will gradually spread, honest.  You can start here at HP and the ripples will move farther afield over time and you can tell editors that you write online, supplying the links to back it up.Best of luck with the poetry markets, Kimberley.  If you have something exciting happen, I hope you'll come back and tell us.  I just love a happy story! :)Moulik Mistry11 months ago Very useful discussions, thank you everybody...BeccaHubbardWoods10 months ago I've never even thought about getting my poetry published, I just like to share it. But now that I've read this, I think my mindset has shifted a bit. I look forward to checking out these sites and thanks for the info! I see you've reeled in some of my favorite poets on HP just by writing this! : )Shirley Anderson10 months ago Moulik Mistry, I'm glad that you were able to drop by, thank-you!  Hope you found it interesting and helpful.Hi, Becca.  Oh, I hope you do get published....and come back and tell us.  I get so excited when I hear success stories!Yes, we have some pretty amazing writers here on HP.Very best of luck to you!sohail10 months ago i want to make money by the help of poetry by netpinkhawk10 months ago ...quite interesting! thank you for sharing ma'am... :)Shirley Anderson9 months ago Thank-you, PinkHawk.Astra Nomik9 months ago Thanks for the info on where to publish poetry, I have just published my first hub poem, and I was looking for just this kind of information. You're a star!lalesu9 months ago Between your interest in the wholesome doctor and the macabre Poe there lies years of great care for us fledglings of poetry and prose. Thank you for your time and effort.Shirley Anderson9 months ago Astra, congrats on publishing your first hub poem! Hope something here will help you sell your poetry to other markets. Thanks so much for your comment.Thank-you, Lalesu! Yes, I do have two extremes going on when it comes to poetry, I guess. :) Thanks for commenting.santosh19467 months ago Getting the poem published is very tough, as there is no easy sale of poetry anthologies. Increased rates of shipping, designing the cover, heavy printing costs, lack of public interest and rising materialism-these factors make it tough for a small publisher to break-even. I hope things will improve, as there is no civilized society without poetry.Santosh KumarPeace poet, haiku poetShirley Anderson7 months ago Santosh, I have heard that things are pretty tough for publishers lately.  I wish that were not so, I'd hate to see us lose publishers.Regarding poetry, I believe that it will always be.  Poets are usually good at protecting the genre in one form or another.Thank-you for your comment.  I wish you much luck with your poetry.seraphim116 months ago thanks for the links! I am very interested in getting my poetry out there to share with the world.. Thanks :)TheMMAZone6 months ago Great hub Shirley, and it looks very popular with the large amount of comments you have had on it, very impressive!Shirley Anderson4 months ago Thank-you, Seraphim11. I hope something here helps you get some of your poetry published. Best of luck!Thanks, MMAZone!sampada4 months ago i want to write a poetryShirley Anderson4 months ago Hi, Sampada.  I hope that you do write poetry if that is what you want.  Hopefully, there is something in this hub that will help you.CBM19874 months ago Thanks for the info Shirley though i'm not so sure of publishing anything i've done just yet its nice to know people do like poetryjason robin moore4 months ago hi i really neeed to know where 2 publish my poemsShirley Anderson4 months ago You're welcome, CBM!  Soon, you will be ready and brave enough to let an editor read your work.  That is not for the faint of heart, it's scary the first time.  Please don't let fear stop you!  Thanks for dropping in, CBM.Hi, Jason.  I hope these links will provide you with a good market for your poetry.  Thank-you for your comment.vietnamvet684 months ago i love writing poetry, i will have to look into this, thanks Great HubShirley Anderson3 months ago VietnamVet, I hope you are able to use some of this information to find a good home for your poetry. Good luck with it, and thanks for dropping by.Doug Turner Jr.2 months ago Important research here for those of us who want to publish poetry someday. I will definitely be returning to this hub as a reference site. Thank you, Shirley.Shirley Anderson2 months ago Glad there is something helpful here for you, Doug. Thanks so much for reading and commenting.Anthony Souls8 weeks ago Interesting list, I should check it out and see- Didn't know that people were able to sell poetry now a days.Shirley Anderson7 hours ago Hi, Anthony. Yes, paying poetry markets can be found but unfortunately, there are not an abundant number of them. I'm not a poet but I can imagine that it must be frustrating not to be able to find a home for your work.Thanks for visiting and commenting.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites97Shirley AndersonHubPages EliteFrom Ontario, Canada2002 Followers158 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Shirley AndersonContact Shirley AndersonFollow Shirley AndersonSubscribe to Shirley Anderson's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Shirley Anderson a question based on this Hub.Questions Asked on this Hubhow can i sell my poems for cash without someone taking them.I put pictures within me poems,but dontasked by william (jay) 4 weeks ago0 answersAnswer this questionHI,how can I publish my poetry in single pages for money?asked by POISENIOUS 2 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThe Effect of Poetryby gamergirlDark Poemsby PratonixQuatrain Poetryby DviewsHaiku - What a great poetic form! by L.A. Cargillby AustinstarHow to Write Acrostic Poetryby fortunerepHow to Recite Poetry by Edgar Allen Poeby Rob McKelvie Poems and Poetry ForumTopicReplieslet me be...posted by ilovepoetry6Acrostic poems are easy to composeposted by Teacher Actress8Poets Needed: Let's Write a Poem Together, Verse by Verse!posted by WordWielder84Post a new topic320 more topics Tagswriting poetry literature poem poems write Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.419 sec)  working