Ted Koppel Calls MSNBC And Fox News The Death Of Real News // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 219Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | November 13, 2010| 132 commentsTed Koppel Calls MSNBC And Fox News The Death Of Real Newssource: http://www.mediaite.com/print/ted-koppel-calls-msnbc-and-fox-news-the-death-of-real-news/An error occurred while setting up video display.TimALoftis added this200,000 people may have gone to listen to Jon Stewart decry the domination of partisan and extreme opinions in our news media and political discourse but, at the end of the day (and, as he tried his best to explain last night with Rachel Maddow), he is still a comedian commenting from the outside. Ted Koppel is not. The 47 year veteran of journalism wrote an editorial for the Washington Post entitled Olbermann, OReilly and the death of real news, in which, as the title suggests, he doesnt mince words describing his displeasure with the two biggest cable news outlets.From the Washington Post:    The commercial success of both MSNBC and Fox News is a source of nonpartisan sadness for me. While I can appreciate the financial logic of drowning television viewers in a flood of opinions designed to confirm their own biases, the trend is not good for the republic. It is, though, the natural outcome of a growing sense of national entitlement. Daniel Patrick Moynihans oft-quoted observation that everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not his own facts, seems almost quaint in an environment that flaunts opinions as though they were facts.    And so, among the many benefits we have come to believe the founding fathers intended for us, the latest is news we can choose. Beginning, perhaps, from the reasonable perspective that absolute objectivity is unattainable, Fox News and MSNBC no longer even attempt it. They show us the world not as it is, but as partisans (and loyal viewers) at either end of the political spectrum would like it to be. This is to journalism what Bernie Madoff was to investment: He told his customers what they wanted to hear, and by the time they learned the truth, their money was gone.Koppel goes on to compare partisan, choir-preaching news to clothing brands that put faulty sizes on their clothes to flatter their customers. Why shop on the other side of the mall when this store makes me feel so much lighter?But, despite the attention-grabbing headline, Koppel doesnt really view either Fox News or MSNBC as journalisms cause of death. More like the final symptoms of a terminal disease contracted decades ago. He points to the creation of 60 Minutes as the beginning of the descent. Not the show itself, but its success as it was the first time news programs were viewed as profit centers, with all the expectations that entailed. This led to the dissolution of the networks expensive foreign bureaus.    Peter [Jennings] called me one afternoon in the mid-90s to ask whether we at Nightline had been receiving the same inquiries that he and his producers were getting at World News Tonight. We had, indeed, been getting calls from company bean-counters wanting to know how many times our program had used a given overseas bureau in the preceding year. This data in hand, the accountants constructed the simplest of equations: Divide the cost of running a bureau by the number of television segments it produced. The cost, inevitably, was deemed too high to justify leaving the bureau as it was. Trims led to cuts and, in most cases, to elimination.    The networks say they still maintain bureaus around the world, but whereas in the 1960s I was one of 20 to 30 correspondents working out of fully staffed offices in more than a dozen major capitals, for the most part, a bureau now is just a local fixer who speaks English and can facilitate the work of a visiting producer or a correspondent in from London.This is a much more depressing view of affairs. If Fox and MSNBC were really to blame, then there would be a chance, however unlikely, to bring hard journalism back from the brink.Of course, some will say that Koppel is taking an overly rosy view of the past. While he laments a present where the millions of news outlets on cable and the internet have splintered an audience and given them no reason to seek out facts that conflict with their opinions, one could argue that that splintering helps keep any one news outlet from getting too powerful which would make any ethics violations all the more damaging. You need only look a few decades before the seeming golden era Koppel writes of to see William Randolph Hearst using his monopoly to make sure only stories that helped he or his friends got printed.groups:News, Politics, Opinion, Television, Debate 1 moretags:Fox News,MSNBC,Ted Koppel |132 comments// Ted Koppel Calls MSNBC And Fox News The Death Of Real Newshide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0PressCoreStupid turd that Koppel. I recall seeing him in Amsterdam backin the early 90s. The blond haired Dutch owner of the coffeeshop was extremely annoyed at Koppel's disrespectful ridicule of level headed Dutch soft drug policy upon hearing Koppel publicly mock the Soverign country he was expected to act as a guest within. Koppel used his TV "personality" to mix his jaundicededitorial unethicly in with news. Koppel is a 2 faced hypocrit andnoone to talk, any more than Stossel, or Jarwell, or any other ABCturd. It was a scene where some lady bought a Heinekin & a bag of red lebonese hashish for herself, and for her young son some apple fritters & bacon & hot choclate. When interviewed, she saidthat the atmosphere was always peaceful and law abiding. Theestablishment clean and friendly. And the quality of all she couldbuy there was excellent and priced fairly. Yet because Koppel had a bug up his ass, he was lamely passing judgement on a scene his prejudice couldn't cope with. He's a disgrace, as Peter Jennings was a disgrace blackening the name of John F. Kennedy in early 2000 when Kennedy could not be around to have a chance to respond. Dan the Scam Cummings is THE premier Racketeering malicious poser as an honest Journalist for his R.I.C.O. employer WSYR TV 9 here in Syracuse, New York. Be looking for the story of Cummings Public Corruption, Bribe offering, and FBI Official Misconduct to break in the New York Times in 2011. And for Cummings to eventualy appear on C Span, in chains, from a maximum securityNew York State prison called Attica after his conviction & sentencing.Racketeer Cummings will have to answer Congressional interrogationinto the FBI's planting him as their operative in 1980 on WSYR to carry out their Enterprise Corruption in violation of our New York State Organized Crime Control Act. ABC is no better than Fox news, and yetFox news is nowhere near as evil and crime ridden as ABC network is.WSYR is so depraved it permits broadcastings of flagrant Criminal Libels, by means of an routine m.o.of Aggravated Harassment as entertainment fraudulently misrepresented as " news" like the Roman circus maximus.Broadcasting Felony Eavesdropping for sport to victimize anyone, and practicing Discrimination in equal employment opportunity is a major Felony against Federal criminal Statutes, title 18 section 241. Yet it's what characterizes the crooked ABC TV network. At least Fox news doesn't carry out Organized Crimes to wipe its ass on its FCC broadcast license.An FCC broadcast license is granted only on the condition they broadcastin the public interest, not to promote torts, Felonies and Public Corruption. It's not a right. And it can be revoked, with the offending equipment seized tobe placed in exhibit and used as evidence in criminal prosecutions.By lawtheir satelite uplink can be severed with an FCC blackout of their channel. And their advertisers stopped cold from paying them for crime to payroll their offenders Dan Cummings,Rod Wood, Dave Eichorn-all Felons at large.There's a material witness reward for the arrest & conviction of Racketeer Dan Cummings. So much for the death of real news, Koppel. The adventof ALL TV signalled the death of real news. Only Newspapers are the Press.. 1 month agoflag  reply0naviderIt's too bad that big  money and big oil control everything in this country!!!We never touched Greece or Rome!! 1 month agoflag  reply+4GLOBALPOLITICALWhen will people wake up to the realization that the "Corporate Media" is just that; Corporate!  They are nothing more than propaganda prostitutes selling their souls to the global elites.  People are increasingly finding the "real" news at alternative internet media outlets.  I find it rather hypocritical of Ted Koppel since he was once a PP, as well. 1 month agoflag  reply0Dmobile215  GLOBALPOLITICAL:I have to agree with you, but now he can speak his time is done and over with now he can actually say what is really going on behind closed doors. 1 month agoflag  reply+1RaceBannonmoney and profits.. reducing everything it touches to the lowest common denominator since day one 1 month agoflag  reply+1thedirtmanMy favorite source of cable news was Terry Glecoff of NWI.  In just ten minutes he could give an accurate summary of everything important that happened in the world.  Some of the other features of NWI that came on after Terry were very interesting as well.Current TV replaced NWI.  Current has brought an important aspect of the news that Terry couldn't, but in the meantime I've had to go for Olberman and Rachel Maddow for daily news.  I trust them to give me real news, but all the time I'm wishing to skip the more partisan stories and the FOX bashing - not because they don't deserve it, but because it wastes my time.I still hope and wish every day that Current TV brings Terry Glecoff back. 1 month agoflag  reply0neocongoWho organized the tea partee?  I rest my case. 1 month agoflag  reply+2toyotabedzrockTo watch this video, please turn on JavaScript and install the latest Flash Player.This is a repulsive article and argument. Most of what Fox reports is a Lie, MSNBC reports actual facts.Fox pretends to be balanced, MSNBC makes their opinion known and easy to separate when watching.I do not agree with some of the MSNBC hosts opinions, but I am able to be an adult and listen.CNN is useless, they kept reporting the stupid contrail as a missile even after everyone else reported what it was.No one sane can compare Fox to MSNBC. 1 month agoflag  reply0toyotabedzrockTo watch this video, please turn on JavaScript and install the latest Flash Player.  toyotabedzrock:Or This? 1 month agoflag  reply+1TomTucker  toyotabedzrock:You like MSNBC because they shill for your party. End of Story! 1 month agoflag  reply+1mindcruzer  toyotabedzrock:^ What he said. 1 month agoflag  reply0Conniepae  toyotabedzrock:Ted Koppel is part of the problem.  He got out and is no longer responsible for 'real' journalism.  Now he can just stand back and complain about the mess.  He ain't dead is he?  Comparing MSNBC to Fox is not 'real' journalism either.  People not making the distinction between opinions and facts is the 'real' problem.  Fox lies on a regular basis.  That's a fact! 1 month agoflag  reply+1JohnA  toyotabedzrock:Yep, you only say they lie because they don't agree with you.  MSNBC and Fox are two sides of the same coin.  Kudos to Ted Koppel for calling them out. 1 month agoflag  reply0Dmobile215  toyotabedzrock:beck is full of shit! 1 month agoflag  reply+1Nephwrackbut Olbermann isnt pretending to be news! his show is op/ed and blatantly so. and at least he doesn't lie about his stories and make shit up like all the fox goons do. 1 month agoflag  reply-1freecrack  Nephwrack:and that is the important difference.msnbc viewers may refer to it as news, but dont think it is journalism.fox blatantly attempts from top to bottom be news, even going so far as to brand themselves as fair and balanced while msnbc is the place for politics. 1 month agoflag  reply+2naviderThis is why Rupert Murdock is the most powerful man in the world right now.............also did you know that he got his american citizenship approved in less than 4 hours?!?!  because he had to be a american citizen to purchase news corp?!?   Also that the second biggest shareholder of fox is an Soudie  prince?1?!!!Technically this means that the right wing is are actually being controlled by FOREIGN entities!They hide behind the american flag.How does this make you feel republicans?Also I do understand that MSNBC is owned by GE ...... for now and Comcast is about tho buy them out. This merger will make it that Comcast will control our cable AND Internet access!!!The people need to fight for their freedom...............not corporate monopolies!! 1 month agoflag  reply+4riverratt50Main stream media is bought and paid for and you see what the purchaser wants you to see ONLY. 1 month agoflag  reply-2addie340  riverratt50:You have that exactly right, they are told what to report on and that is things they think makes Obama look good. The American people are not buying the BS stories, that's why they left the Democrats in the thousands. Change they can't believe in, they have figured you out. They seem to have the heading to this story wrong it should be ( The death of the Government controlled media ) Look at the ratings, people are leaving these other stations by thousands a day to watch the stations that tell you what is really happening. Did any of these stations report on how an inexperienced OBAMA failed to do his job in his trip to the East ? He thought all he had to do is walk in and lay some paper work on the table and they would bow down to the chosen one and sign the papers. He looked like an idiot, he was going to create 500,000 new jobs, well he failed again. At some point the rest of the American public that thinks this idiot is the chosen one will realize he doesn't have a clue what he is doing. America can't take another 2 yrs. of his FAILED policies, and Socialist agenda. It's pretty bad when you go to Socialist countries and they turn you down because what he wanted was to much for even them to go along with !!!  2 more years of this and we are nothing but a page in the History Book. How one so called leader ruined one of the greatest Nation in the World. 1 month agoflag  reply0neocongo  addie340:Again and again your comments are filled with half truths and bald faced lies.  YOU are the product of Fox nEwZ 1 month agoflag  reply-2informedplanetMy opinion is that ALL news is bias. Why single out FOX and MSNBC? CNN is OK? Really? Local news doesn't choose the blood and guts first and then give you world affairs in there own way?There is no such thing as objectivity in reporting unless you are simply reading off the facts of a story like shopping list. Everyone needs to wake up a realize that we and the journalist are entitled to have an opinion and tell the news the way they see it. Corruption and lying are a different matter, that could be worthy of serious condemnation if a news people are making things up and totally lying. If that is happening someone needs to prove it not just say it. Hard-left loudmouths like to say Fox lies in their news... yet they have no proof. The reality is they present their news from the right, and the hard left thinks anything a conservative says is a lie, even what they had for breakfast. This is the culture of hatred. Racism has been replaced by politcism; hating the other side with passion based solely on feelings and team-spirit. Instead of hating on blacks or Jews, we have decided to hate on Republicans or Democrats. .. but i digress.The Fact that there is a left and right divide on the cable news is good. Before Fox, there was no right-leaning, it was all left. At least its a little balanced now.Regards, Ted www.informedplanet.com http://www.informedplanet.com/ PS. Whats with all the spam ads, doesn't anyone monitor this site? 1 month agoflag  reply+2navider  informedplanet:This is why we need either some oversight or a public news station.  (The government only funds 6% of PBS's revenue) 1 month agoflag  reply0neocongo  informedplanet:No proof?  That's hilarious.  It's everywhere.  You need to get out more. 1 month agoflag  reply0informedplanet  neocongo:Please provide some actual facts and evidence that any major news is lying and intentionally deceiving. Saying "everybody knows, just read the Internet" is even more idiotic then the original poster's comments. Why don't you point out a link that shows some objective facts about this issue? oh.. cause there are none. pah-leez. 1 month agoflag  reply0informedplanet  navider:Who does the oversight of the press? The government? You must not be from around here comrade. We did away with that terrible idea 230 years ago. 1 month agoflag  reply+1Ihatethemall  informedplanet:neocongo cant provide facts unless the dnc provides them to him. He is a tool for them and a paid for blogger. he has admitted that to me years ago. 1 month agoflag  reply-1navider  Ihatethemall:Are you fucking kiding me?  the dems fight for the people................the cons fight for corporations.  keep dreaming and by that I mean collecting your paycheck from the Koch brothers.......................p.s. how does oil taste? 1 month agoflag  reply+1navider  informedplanet:It appears that you believe in corporate anarchy and the loss of the peoples rights! 1 month agoflag  reply0informedplanet  navider:Yes, and little green men from outer space live in my closet making paper snowflakes. How did you know? 1 month agoflag  reply0JohnA  navider:The Dems fight for only some of the people, the ones that vote for them, minorities, unions, they fight to take money away from the rest of us to give to them.  That is their fight. 1 month agoflag  reply+3freecrackanyone with the slightest sense of truth, sees msnbc and fox as the death of journalism in favor of entertainment.msnbc and fox are to journalism what the wwe is to wrestling. 1 month agoflag  reply0NothingIsAbsoluteTruth  freecrack:thats a great comparison thumbs up 1 month agoflag  reply-1freecrack  NothingIsAbsoluteTruth:lol dont encourage me.i could go on forever with wrestling gimmickery paralels with our politics.both are theater and share plots and narratives, but we pretend otherwise. 1 month agoflag  reply+3UtopianSkySince the rise of FOX's blatant propaganda machine made MSNBC react by leaning left, this current controversy should make CNN re-brand itself and facts, facts, nothing but the facts, remove all pundits and commentary, and only have hard news. 1 month agoflag  reply+2informedplanet  UtopianSky:Sounds good. Wasn't Headline news supposed to be CNN's 'News Only' arm? But they have pundits and "talent" to interpret news for us also. I guess there just isn't any money in boring facts. AP and Reuters are supposed to be just the news, but we all know it ain't like that. Sadly, I think the whole idea of "Objective" news is chasing the wind. And I suppose all of us news and political junkies really don't know for sure whats true and whats not since everyone has an agenda and we depend on somebody else to report things to us.  Everyone is corrupt at some level for their own interest including you and me, so this is where we find ourselves settling for secondhand information and unverifiable information on which to base our views. Wow, we are all idiots. 1 month agoflag  reply0nanacIt is a misconception that Fox and MSNBC  is on equal footing, and the people that place them in the same category are in extreme denial or liars...The difference between the organizations, is day and night..Although Ted Koppel is a credible journalist, he is human, and he has biases too.. Fox cable news fabricate, misinform, and manipulate their viewers for political/financial gain..Fox sponsor political rallies for Republican candidates, let them raise money on the air, and target minorities/Liberal organizations to discredit them..MSNBC does not allow Democratic candidates to come on their air-waves to raise money or sponsor political rallies..They employ commentators from both sides left/right, and their partisan commentators  don't lie, mislead, misinform, or use race/fear for personal gain and ratings....Fox is a part of the Republican party, and Ted Koppel knows it! I use to watch Ted Koppel on Night Line faithfully until, I discovered that he was bias.... 1 month agoflag  reply-1informedplanet  nanac:You sir or madam, are a complete idiot. You have a bias and world view that informs you. So does everyone. You are not the objective arbitrator of whats right and good in the world. You are a narrow minded fool who thinks anyone who disagrees with his point of view must be lying and deceiving.  - Prove what you say. Don't make progressive talking point arguments without any real proof. The further from the center one is the harder it is to see the other side clearly. 1 month agoflag  reply+1neocongo  informedplanet:Nanac is not referring to any so called "talking points."   They are facts and you can find them all over the internet if you know how to use it.  Idiot. 1 month agoflag  reply0CarlosIsDown  nanac:I agree that they may not be the same. But still, I'm not watching. Yet these channels have a right to exist. We just have to get the word out to people to watch unbiased news. Uh. . . where can we find that? 1 month agoflag  reply+1nanac  neocongo:Thanks for the clarification, I couldn't have said it better! 1 month agoflag  reply0nanac  CarlosIsDown:I am a firm believer that all news should be factual and unbiased..Organizations that are in the news industry should be held to a higher standard, and classified as news or tabloid..I watch cable news primarily out of habit and for entertainment, however I feel that whatever motivates me to watch, I should be able to trust the American media.. 1 month agoflag  reply+1nanac  informedplanet:You have lost all credibility by insulting me..I have no desire/need to prove anything to you....The burden of proof is on you..Seek and you shall find! 1 month agoflag  reply-1informedplanet  nanac:lol. Thought so. Whose the liar now?I love it when people defeat there own position. Hey, I am no Fox apologist, I just don't believe big news organizations blatantly lie unless there is evidence thereto. Whether its Fox, MSNBC or any other major source. If there is a real case to be made that ANY of these news orgs have been caught intentionally lying and making stuff up, or changing the facts...I would be interested in seeing this evidence. If its just haters spouting off about how Bush is the devil, or Obama is a Muslim, that's not worth listening to. The Internet blogs that post such things are the real liars. All I'm saying is check the facts see what's true and whats not.I just have this theory that when people (from any view) simply hate the other point of view so badly, they start calling people liars and accusing them of conspiracies because they disagree so much. Its like a 12 year old who gets grounded and tells their mom in a fit of rage "I hate you, why are you trying to ruin my life!". Its immaturity and the inability to consider the oppositions view and construct useful arguments to debate. Its easier to cry "foul" and scream exaggerated accusations like a child rather than discuss the issues like adults. 1 month agoflag  reply0JohnA  nanac:Just because they agree with you doesn't mean they're not biased. 1 month agoflag  reply0nanac  JohnA:I didn't say that they wasn't biased, I said that MSNBC was a trustworthy news organization, because their news is based on facts.... 1 month agoflag  reply0JohnA  nanac:They are all based on fact.  What does that mean?  No one is reporting that UFOs have taken over New Jersey.  Based on fact? 1 month agoflag  reply-1nanac  JohnA:Many of Fox stories are out-right lies... 1 month agoflag  reply0JohnA  nanac:Chris Matthews did a one hour hit piece on MSNBC about how all Tea Party supporters are racist.  That was a lie too.  I have to agree with Mr. Koppel on this one, Fox and MSNBC are both two sides of the same corrupt coin. 1 month agoflag  reply0nanac  JohnA:I challenge you to post the story..Chris Matthews isn't dumb enough to make an accusation like that, and if he made a similar statement, it would be an opinion...Commentators are entitled to their own opinions, but they are not entitled to their own facts...You are in denial if you put MSNBC and Fox in the same category....They are as different as cold and hot... 1 month agoflag  reply0JohnA  nanac:They are as different as left and right, that is the problem.http://hardblogger.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2010/06/07/4474630-documentary-rise-of-th... 1 month agoflag  reply-1NevadaDaveFox "News" is the death of real news and a cancer on our country. MSNBC is simply trying to expose Fox for their continued lies!Turn Off Fox "News"! 1 month agoflag  reply0CarlosIsDown  NevadaDave:Ayayay. 1 month agoflag  reply+5CarlosIsDownEvery one should be saying Fox News/MSNBC is the death of real news. Not just Ted K.. 1 month agoflag  reply+1Dmobile215  CarlosIsDown:I would have to agree with you on that comment.. 1 month agoflag  reply0Ryan_Todd  CarlosIsDown:been saying that for years 1 month agoflag  reply0CalgarClol someone with an iq above 70 :D faux news, msnbc and pretty much everyone else suck... faux news being the soulja boy of real news... 1 month agoflag  reply+6simplecj"You need only look a few decades before the seeming golden era Koppel writes of to see William Randolph Hearst using his monopoly to make sure only stories that helped he or his friends got printed"This is the where it started... and they called it "yellow journalism" back then.  Hearst was also one of the masterminds behind the brainwashing of America against cannabis, which he cleverly named "marijuana" to give it a racial undertone.1936 - 1938: William Randolph Hearst's newspaper empire fuels a tabloid journalism propaganda campaign against marijuana. Articles with headlines such as Marihuana Makes Fiends of Boys in 30 Days; Hasheesh Goads Users to Blood-Lust create terror of the killer weed from Mexico.Through his relentless misinformation campaign, Hearst is credited with bringing the word marijuana into the English language. In addition to fueling racist attitudes toward Hispanics, Hearst papers run articles about marijuana-crazed negroes raping white women and playing voodoo-satanic jazz music.Driven insane by marijuana, these blacks -- according to accounts in Hearst-owned newspapers -- dared to step on white men's shadows, look white people directly in the eye for more than three seconds, and even laugh out loud at white people. For shame! 1 month agoflag  reply+2ed2point0The death of real news started long before the cesspools of Faux News and MSNBC existed. The media have become the enablers of the state and have kept people distracted from the real issues that affect them daily. Mr. Koppel is right, but that statement is decades too late. 1 month agoflag  reply0artemis6  ed2point0:If more people like him come out and say it ..... actually , how this could change , i do not know . Even if everyone KNOWS it , it will not just go away . It is a formidable propaganda  device . Like a hydra . How on earth do you kill the thing and start all over ? 1 month agoflag  reply0artemis6He ain't wrong about that , wish he was . 1 month agoflag  reply+1IhatethemallI bet that really pisses off the 17 or so people that watch msnbc 1 month agoflag  reply0coxian_armada  Ihatethemall:nah its already obvious when Fox and MSNBC relentlessly bash each other for even the simplest of reasons. 1 month agoflag  reply+1informedplanet  Ihatethemall:I think they are up to 23 now! 1 month agoflag  reply+1Ihatethemall  informedplanet:I was unaware of the increase in their viewers. They must be celebrating 1 month agoflag  reply+7ElevatorTed Koppel is a commentator for BBC America now, it's always great when he's on. the mans a real journalist, better than the hosts i'd say. BBC isn't perfect but it's better than the American stations so if you get that channel i suggest you watch it. You can also watch other non-American news sources for free online at places like Livestation.com. i hook up my computer to my tv now to watch Al Jezeera, RT or Press TV. 1 month agoflag  reply0coxian_armada  Elevator:You must watch "The Listening Post" on Al-Jazeera then, it is really intriguing. 1 month agoflag  reply0informedplanet  Elevator:"BBC isn't perfect but it's better than the American stations " -  See, this is what I mean, picking sides and forming adversarial position. ""This is better than that... don't watch them they lie all the day long... na na na. My news that I like to watch is un-bias and true!!! The rest of them are deceiving you.""   If you think this way, you're deceived. Just watch what you like and say nothing about the others. Its like a football team, being a fan does not mean you must denigrate the others. Just root for yours. 1 month agoflag  reply+3TimALoftisThank You, Mr. Koppel ... I could not have said it better 1 month agoflag  reply+1TimALoftisMr. Koppel's entire op-ed in the Washington Post can be found here...http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/11/12/AR2010111202857.... 1 month agoflag  replymore fromNews:Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsunimatrix0 commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  9 minutes agoYes, I remember Kenny!These Tea Party douche bags were practically begging for violence with their "second amendment remedies" and "don't retreat, reload" mentality.... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  22 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. bailey78 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  40 minutes agoIf life gets any better my wife may have to get another job. southrabbit commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThe better part of valour is restraint.   Before rushing into another paranoid tyrade, pause for a moment and realize that if proper support systems were in place, this fellow would have... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog