How to Make Money Using the Amazon Affiliates ProgramHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsBusiness and EmploymentHow to Make Money Using the Amazon Affiliates ProgramHow to Make Money Using the Amazon Affiliates Program90rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy quotationsThe goal of this article is to explain how you can make money using the Amazon Affiliate Program. First, I will explain what an affiliate program is and how you can use it to make money. Then I will explain the various tools and techniques that you can use to implement the Amazon Affiliate Program on your website. Making Money With the Amazon Affiliate ProgramWhat is an Affiliate Program?You may have heard the term affiliate program, but what exactly does it mean? Essentially an affiliate program is a system that allows webmasters to earn money by referring customers or leads to another website that sells goods or services. When you sign up for an affiliate program such as that offered by Amazon.com, you are known as the affiliate. The affiliate does not sell any product. He or she simply refers potential customers to the storefront on another site.To use the Amazon affiliate program as an example, the affiliate gets a small percentage (commission) whenever an internet user goes from the affiliate's website to the Amazon.com website and buys something from that website.  The Amazon Affiliate ProgramHow Does the Amazon Affiliates Program Work?This section explains the basic workings of the Amazon affiliates program.The Amazon affiliates program is one of the oldest on the internet. Amazon pioneered this method of marketing when the internet was still in its infancy.At its most basic level, the program works like this: 1. You sign up for the Amazon Affiliates program.2. Once approved by Amazon, you will be given access to a special area on their website which gives you a number of ways that you can link to the Amazon site or specific products they sell.3. You then create affiliate links on your site which point to Amazon.com or any product on their site. If a visitor to your site clicks on one of the approved affiliate links and goes to Amazon.com and they then buy something from Amazon.com within the time period specified in the affiliates agreement, you get credit for the sale and a commission on the total selling price, not including shipping.4. Once your total sales reach a certain minimum level, Amazon.com will pay you your commission. Commissions are paid quarterly (every 3 months). If your sales do not reach the cutoff level in any given quarter, they are carried over to the next quarter and so on until you qualify for a pay out.5. As with all affiliate programs, you have to follow the terms of the affiliate agreement carefully, and make sure that the way you promote your affiliate links in accordance with the agreement. You may be kicked out of the program and lose whatever commission you earned. For example, a big no no is you cannot buy stuff from Amazon using your own affiliate links. Otherwise everyone could give themselves a secret discount simply by signing up for Amazon's affiliate program and then visiting Amazon.com from a link that they place on their own website.6. Obviously, in order to make any money, the visitor must go from your website to Amazon.com using an approved link. If you just place a normal HTML link to Amazon.com you will get no credit. An approved affiliate link, on the other hand, incorporates your unique affiliate ID which guarantees that Amazon can keep track of who referred them the customer and give you proper credit.E-commerceHow Much Can You Earn Using the Amazon.com Affiliates Program?How much can you earn? It is not possible to predict what you will earn because the affiliate commissions you earn will be affected by the cost of the item sold ( the higher the sale price, the greater your percentage) how many items you sell in a quarter. Amazon has an incentive program in which your percentage or commission increases once you reach certain performance levels.how many visitors you get to your site and how many of these follow the affiliate links to Amazon.comAnd lastly, how many of the people you send to Amazon.com actually buy something once they are there. This is known as the conversion rate. You should also note that under the terms of the Amazon.com affiliates agreement, the customer you refer must buy something within 24 hours in order for you to get credit. So if you refer someone but they take two days to make up their mind, you will not get any commission. Making Money With the Amazon Affiliate ProgramHow to Make Money Using the Amazon Affiliates ProgramThis section explains how to make money with the Amazon affiliate program.Making money with the Amazon affiliate program (or any other similar program for that matter) involves driving visitors from your site to Amazon's site for the purpose of buying something. The more visitors you send over, the greater the chance that someone will buy and that you will earn a commission.Sounds easy, right? Well, obviously, it's not that simple. First, you need to get people to your website. Secondly, you need to give them a reason to want to buy something from Amazon.Let's use an example: Jane has a website dealing with tropical fish. She writes informative articles about how to care for tropical fish, how to choose an aquarium, what foods they eat, how to treat tropical fish diseases, etcetera.Because Jane's site has niche content, she is not competing with millions of other sites selling the same thing so she ranks high on the search engine results for terms such as "tropical fish".Jane is happy. She gets lots of visitors, but she wants to make some money from all the internet traffic. So she signs up for the Amazon Affiliate Program and places links from her site to Amazon.com. But she makes no money. Why?The reason is that it is necessary to make the visitor to your site want to check out more on the Amazon site. So for example, Jane could write an article about fish, and then provide direct links from the article to specific products mentioned in it. If her article recommended a specific type of aquarium, she could provide a link directly to that product on Amazon.comIn other words, the links should be relevant to what the people who came to your site were looking for in the first place.Links to Sites that Explain How to Make Money Using Amazon's Affiliate ProgramHow To How to Really Make Money on the Internet With an Amazon.com Affiliate SiteThis site explains in greater detail how to set up the Amazon affiliate program on your website.How to Make Money With Your WebsiteDescribes a variety of methods to monetize your site including using the Amazon affiliate programAmazon Affiliate ProgramA forum where amazon affiliates can exchange tips and ideasHow Do You Create Links Using Amazon.com's Affiliate Program?This section explains how to create links on your site using your Amazon affiliate ID so that you get credit for all sales that you generate.Amazon offers a number of creative ways that you can link to their site and make money whenever someone goes from your site to theirs and buys something. Not every link will work for your site. I will discuss the best linking methods below. You should also note that this page itself displays amazon products using an affiliate link, so if you were to click on any of the products shown and then buy from Amazon either I would get a commission or Hubpages would, given the Hubpages revenue sharing model.Recommended Product Links : this system allows you to display several product images and descriptions based on a key words that you pick. This will guarantee that the products displayed are relevant to your site. You can also control the size of the display box and its appearance such as color.Search Box: You can place a search box on your site that lets people search the Amazon website. If they find something and follow the link to Amazon to buy, then you get credit.Omakase Links: Omakase comes from a Japanese word meaning, I'm told, leave everything to us. Using this method, you place a code on your site and Amazon can tell what your webpage is about and display products relevant to your content. In principle, it works similarly to the Google Adsense program in which ads are displayed based on the content of your site.Context Links: This method allows you display text links within the body of your article which lead to relevant products or pages on Amazon.com. For example, let's say that you wrote an article about Harry Potter. The word Harry Potter could be linked directly to the movie on the Amazon site.Slide Show: This is a really fancy and eye catching linking method, though I find that it can slow your site down a bit. Basically, you select products that you want to show and they are then displayed in a rotating slide show. The movement of the products is sure to get everyone's attention, which increases the chances they will click on themUnbox Videos: This method allows you to display studio movie trailers and previews of TV shows available for download from Amazon.com. This method is well suited to a movie review site or a site devoted to a particular actor.There are many more linking methods, and not all will work for you or your website. For more information about Amazon's affiliate program and where you can get tips and ideas on how to make money with it, please check out the links provided. I am not affiliated (no pun intended) with any of these sites and they are presented for information purposes only; their content and suitability may have changed since I posted these links.Books About Affiliate MarketingThe Complete Guide to Affiliate Marketing on the Web: How to Use and Profit from Affiliate Marketing ProgramsAmazon Price: $12.47List Price: $24.95A Practical Guide to Affiliate Marketing: Quick Reference for Affiliate Managers & MerchantsAmazon Price: $18.58List Price: $29.99Affiliate Programs: How to Make Money Online with Other People's ProductsAmazon Price: $3.99Successful Affiliate Marketing for MerchantsAmazon Price: $5.49List Price: $27.50vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (16)Funny (2)Awesome (1)Beautiful (2)Making Money With Google AdsenseHow do you add a sitemap to hubpages?Commentsdafla2 years ago Good hub! I have been looking into ways to get ANY sales at all from Amazon. I think I'll be using them on my own webpages, instead of here at Hubpages.  I just can't seem to monetize them here.  I think I would do better if I could advertise specific products.quotations2 years ago Thanks for the feedback Dafla. I agree that the way HubPages displays the amazon products on these pages is not great. They should let you build better links or slide shows. But unfortunately the only option is these image displays.On my own websites I find that simple text links such as "click here to buy the video" work best.Victor2 years ago Zsuzsy Bee2 years ago Quotations!greatly explained. I have one question. I'm advertising amazon.com product on my hubs and I have an affiliate number but I don't know where to go and check to see if I've had any nibblers.Thanks regards Zsuzsyquotations2 years ago Hi Zsuzy Bee - Thanks for the comment. To find out if you have any sales you need to log into your affiliate account on Amazon's site. If you have an affiliate ID, you already have an account set up. This is the link: https://affiliate-program.amazon.com/gp/associatesOnce you're in you can also check how many times people have clicked on your ads and how many times they were displayed. Best of luck with your affiliate marketing efforts.Zsuzsy Bee2 years ago Thanks Quotations! I'll try tomorrow. Zsuzsypremsingh2 years ago good piece of information. None of links to my hubpages yielded any order though I have different type of links on my hubs and several clicks were made by visitors. However, I got commission for two orders placed to Amazon but these orders were linked to a store I just created for fun.  I failed to find exaxt details.qatarvisitor2 years ago Thanks for the tips. We haven't had much success with Amazon at all on our website, even though we make quite a steady income from Google Adsense. March was our record month - at 10 dollars! This month we made about two. Reading your tips I think it is because we don't really write many article about products, with the exception of a few book reviews.quotations2 years ago Thanks QatarVisitor - I used to do a lot better with Amazon a few years back, but then Google changed search results so that if you have too many amazon links they will rank you lower in the search engines. It is still possible to earn some decent income from amazon but you need quite a lot of traffic because it does not convert nearly as well as Google Adsense. I find that the best performing amazon links such as "click here for more information" embedded in the content of the page. The images served by amazon look nice but I find they convert very poorly.qatarvisitor2 years ago That's useful information - our book review pages do seem to have a very low page rank. As we are in a niche field with no competitors we still rank top, but we mainly do them for the sake of the site so it may well be worth reducing the number of links on each page.tcnixon2 years ago I have been an Amazon affiliate for many years and my experience is that, like most things, it is one part of an overall business plan. While there are folks who make signifcant money, there are those of us who do okay, but only okay. And there are certainly some who make nothing (or close to it). I think it's a good program overall.epictruth2 years ago Thanks for the great hub! I have not had much luck with Amazon but I'm not giving up hope!-your newest fan Jennifer Cote2 years ago Ha! I did a word search for, "Made no money as amazon affiliate", and your article popped up. I'd started wondering if I was all alone... I've made zero money on Amazon in the last few months since joining, even though I felt like I worked my butt off to get good stuff on my site...But I'm so "rich" with adsense... I make about 6 cents a day. Whoo-hoo!Thanks for your article :)Jen at http://pccuisine.com Ashraf2 years ago I am very happy with the information provided for Amazon Affiliates programme.I serached a lot to find the way one can signup for the Amazon affiliates program.Thank you very much.-Ashrafrharper23 months ago Greetings!  I've recently had success with Amazon by adding quick links  I have a country music site.  Most people buy the MP3s.  Many times people buy six or more songs plus a book, or ugg boots.  You never know.Abhishek8722 months ago Hey, great article.I have recently joined hubpages and presently only the Amazon affiliate program is active.I have had this view that hubpages presents ads on its own for my hubs but I haven't seen any amazon ads. Now, that may be either because there are none relevant to my hubs or Do I have to add them personally in each hub ?Would be glad if you could help me out here:http://hubpages.com/profile/Abhishek87Thanks a lot.ihunter22 months ago thanks a lot for your fruitfull information on amazon.com. I just made myself first article on hubpages it is a great community on this web 2.0 era.jazzy20 months ago wow what a infromationjazzy20 months ago wow what a infromationJohnyboy18 months ago Hey quotations,This article comes in handy at the right time for me. I was looking for some info about Amazon affiliate program as I never used it before.Thanks for the walk through and wonderful tips. I believe Amazon has a great income potential.Helen Cater16 months ago I have just started on hubpages and have found this topic very informative.After my first day of creating a hub this may be a little advanced for me.But i will become a fan as i know this is going to take time to set up.Your topic is very detiled,clear and consise and has given me a begginers insight into the work i have to do.Roffi Grandiosa15 months ago Amazon affiliate is a great place to learn online affiliate marketingAndrew020815 months ago I've been happily hubbing in HubPages community. Just of recent I got a clear and better understanding of how to actually monetize my hubs and make the money therein . They got some good increasing traffic. Google Adsense is pretty cool, I'm also optimistic about my Amazon Affiliates as I learn and work with the exact neccessary information(tips and tools). Thanks for sharing this precious information.gps 14 months ago good stuff manSexy jonty14 months ago Very well written hub .....very much informative ......Thank you very much for your great hub, for good advice, good wishes and support. Thanks for sharing your experience with all of us.linda gray14 months ago Very helpful and well thought out.  Thank you for sharing.sororityhousemom14 months ago I love reading your hubs and you always explain things in terms that I can understand.  Thanks so much.scheng114 months ago I'm working hard on the Amazon affiliate marketing. However, no sale yet!Steven Lanier14 months ago Amazon is one of the hardest affiliate programs to effectively promote.  But this hub does a good job of getting some useful information out there.quotations14 months ago Thanks for the comments everyone. @Steven Lanier - I agree that that is the case now, but back before Adsense amazon's program was the best and generated a lot of revenue. The problem now is that Google punishes sites with too many affiliate links, including Amazon, by lowering their rankings. However, it is possible to get around this to some extent. See my new hub: http://hubpages.com/_explore/hub/Advanced-Techniqujaniek1313 months ago Good information. I m trying to learn everything that I can.Nonauthorityfigur13 months ago I need help actually placing the specific amazon ad on my hubpages hub.I know how to do a group one but I want to pick the exact item sold on my hub can and will youhelp me pleaseBEAUTYBABE12 months ago Hi Quotations, I am new to Hubpages. I recently acquired my own website that they told me could be put with google adsense adds on a website, I wondered whether or not Amazon is because it would cost me too much to stay advertising with Google Adsense as I am a Pensioner and I am very sick and and I am unable to work and I need something that will work for me.Any advice that you could offer me would be most appreciated. I would like to become a follower of yours as well,and I hope you and your family have a Happy and Safe Christmas. I look forward to hearing from you    God Bless You All. BBscheng112 months ago It's so easy to join, so easy to get the widget, yet so hard to make the first sale!  I wonder when can I get the first check.bahman_vip12 months ago helpful postbahman_vip12 months ago helpful postscottys thoughts12 months ago Great Hub! I've been thinking about promoting amazon here on my hubs. I'm still new to this and am trying to just get some hubs wrote first, I do however have google ads, have'nt made any money yet. Any advice?bryanmccarty11 months ago Very good hub. I am trying to figure out how this amazon program works but I have not made any money yet. I know now that I can not give up!affiliate review10 months ago Really great helpful hub you got here. I took me a while to get started with the affiliate marketing at the start, but you just have to be persistent :)henny8099 months ago Genius!jakki9 months ago you are really explain very well.yesterday i think to try amazon and start finding information. and reached here from google.You write really a very good article.health200108 months ago good article thank for good information,terence64burton8 months ago Nice information. I've been thinking of setting up an Amazon Affiliate Programme to run alongside my internet and article marketing business, so thanks for the tips.Directory Tornado6 months ago You write really very nice article/Info.I am sure this will help me and all other who want to earn extra bucks. :)Thanks a lot.Cheeky Girl6 months ago This is a great hub you have written here. More people need to realise that they can earn serious money from the web using affiliate programs. Amazon and Clickbank are earning me some nice juicy money right now. I recently got a Kindle from Amazon and it cost me nothing, I got it with vouchers from Amazon. I am on the way to earning more from affiliates than from Google. Cheers!samsons15 months ago voted up & useful!  thanks for this article, will be looking for more...MakeMoneyGoal5 months ago Great hub on this, voted up! I must admit to having an account with amazon but not really doing anything with it. Having read this I will re-double my effots so thants for the kick up the behind!! JamesShawn Montgomery5 months ago Just started this method, hoping to find some success. Thanks for the share and information regarding Amazon Affliates.http://www.home-audio-electronics.comInfo Bucket5 months ago I was not interested in Amazon, but now gonna sign up for it.Zee from water heaters reviews4 months ago For me Amazon works, and what I can suggest, in-text product links, with the short review, works the best.carlmikael7 weeks ago Great Hub! You cleared a lot of my questions i had on amazon affliates.Cheers!jqmurf25 weeks ago Question for you...I have been using HubPages and other sites for Amazon affiliate.  I checked my account recently and going back to July 1, it says there have been 635 product link clicks and 6870 other clicks..yet zero orders.  Is this common?  I have a hard time believing that I have been responsible for over 7500 clicks and not one single person has purchased anything.quotations5 weeks ago @jqmurf2 - that depends on whether the clicks that  are being reported are from human visitors or from bots crawling your site. If the clicks are from actual human visitors, I would expect you to have received a fair number of sales from that kind of traffic. However, on my own sites I have sometimes had an unusually high number of clicks and little or no sales. Usually when there is a sudden spike in clicks but no sales, the clicks are actually from bots following the links when they are crawling a site - they show up as traffic but they will never generate any sales. If you believe that the clicks are mainly from humans following the links then I think there is something wrong. If you have not had any sales at all, perhaps your Amazon account has been disabled. You could try contacting Amazon's tech support and getting them to check that your links and your account are all in order.jeke4 weeks ago really nice hub , thank uAlex4 weeks ago Yeah Amazon is the trusted affiliate. I also have done affiliate marketing. Everyone should go up with the amazon associates where u can build up store with a keyword base domains and try to market it online.  It all depends upon the product u chose, by which u can make money.Iontach4 weeks ago Good information here! I've been thinking about signing up for Amazon lately.Jezhug9 days ago Great Hub, with such detail ;)sunnymarie7 days ago Very nice hub, thanks for sharingPamela Kinnaird W6 days ago This is great information and explained in an understandable way.  Thank you.TilenHrovatic6 days ago Very useful, thanks!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites Please Give FeedbackComments and SuggestionsYour comments and suggestions are greatly appreciated. Please give feedback! You may also want to visit my article on Advanced Amazn Affiliate Techniques.92quotationsFrom Canada399 Followers47 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by quotationsContact quotationsFollow quotationsSubscribe to quotations's RSS feedAnswers The QuestionWhat is all the hype about Amazon Affiliates program?asked by Whitney05 2 years ago2 answersAnswer this questionNew QuestionHow do you set your goals? What steps do you take in achieving them?Asked 12 minutes ago by maheshpatwal Answer this questionQuestions Asked on this Hubhow to get more traffic and followers like ubec , iam new memberasked by jeke 4 weeks ago0 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsEverything you need to know about Blogging and Secrets :...by FenixfanAdvanced Techniques for Amazon Affiliates and Associatesby quotationsThe Most Popular Items Sold on Amazon.com Associates Storesby thranaxThe Ultimate Article Marketing Strategy To Drive Massive...by Neil AshworthWhat is Hotel Affiliate program? How to make money using...by cooljohnny23Top Ten Google AdSense Earning Websites with Google Daily...by World-Traveler Business and Employment ForumTopicRepliesCommon mistakes in link building - Five of the mostposted by Nadya_18Has anyone really made money on MLM?posted by Timid Networker64A great way to win free prizes online!posted by Pricelessnick0Post a new topic925 more topics Tagsmake money online affiliate amazon how to make money affiliate program amazon.com Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.233 sec)  working