Supreme Court Will Soon Issue a Landmark Decision on the Validity of the Constitution // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 218Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | November 20, 2010| 141 commentsSupreme Court Will Soon Issue a Landmark Decision on the Validity of the Constitutionsource: http://globalpoliticalawakening.blogspot.com/2010/11/supreme-court-will-soon-issue-landmark....An error occurred while setting up video display.GLOBALPOLITICAL added thisThe United States Supreme Court will soon issue a landmark decision on the validity of the Constitution.  The Supreme Court will consider three petitions filed by William M. Windsor, a retired Atlanta, Georgia grandfather.  The decision should be rendered by the end of the year.  Unless The Supreme Court acts, federal judges will be free to void the Constitution.The Questions Presented to The Supreme Court by Grandfather Windsor are:Will The Supreme Court declare that the Constitution and its amendments may be voided by federal judges?Should federal judges be stopped from committing illegal and corrupt acts to obstruct justice and inflict bias on litigants? Will The Supreme Court be afraid to disclose the corruption in the federal courts?These questions are presented in three separate Petitions for Writ of Mandamus filed with The United States Supreme Court the first week of November 2010 (appeal numbers to-be-assigned).Windsor has been involved in legal action in the federal courts in Atlanta since 2006.  Windsor was named a defendant in a lawsuit (1:06-CV-0714-ODE) in which Christopher Glynn of Maid of the Mist in Niagara Falls, swore under oath that Windsor did a variety of things including the crimes of theft and bribery.  Windsor stated under oath that Christopher Glynn made it all up and lied about absolutely everything that he swore.  Windsor then obtained deposition testimony from Glynn and the other managers of the Maid of the Mist boat ride in Niagara Falls, and they admitted, under oath, that charges against Windsor were not true.Despite this undeniable proof, federal Judge Orinda D. Evans declared that the grandfather of three should not have fought the lawsuit, and she forced him to pay over $400,000 in legal fees.  Windsor appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, but federal judges Dubina, Hull, and Fay rubber-stamped Judge Evans' ruling. Windsor then took his appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court where the justices said the appeal was not worthy of their consideration (cert denied).Windsor believes that the federal courts and nine federal judges violated the Constitution, the Due Process Clause, and the First, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Ninth, and Fourteenth Amendments to the Constitution.Windsor says: "I have discovered that, at least in Atlanta, Georgia, the federal courts operate like a police state in which the judges are all-powerful, committing criminal acts from their benches and violating the Constitutional rights of parties who have the misfortune of appearing in their courts."Windsor has now tossed the hot potato right square in the laps of the justices of the Supreme Court.  By filing mandamus petitions rather than an appeal, The Supreme Court is forced to deal with Windsor's allegations of corruption in the federal courts.Grandfather Windsor hopes for the best but fears for the worst: "I hope The Supreme Court is decent, honest, and cares about the Constitution and the citizens of the United States.  However, I am sorry to say that at this point, I suspect the corruption goes all the way to the top.  My charges have been totally ignored by the United States Attorney's Office, the FBI, and Congress.  I have said to The Supreme Court that the issues can all be boiled down to one question: Is The United States Supreme Court prepared to stop the federal judges in Atlanta, Georgia from functioning like common criminals?"Windsor says: "If The Supreme Court fails to act against these federal judges, the citizens of the United States need to know that there is not a shred of decency, honesty, or Constitutional rights in our federal courts.  Corruption has consumed the federal court system, and we now live in a police state.  Judges are free to do absolutely anything they want.  Our laws are meaningless.  Your life savings can be stolen by a federal judge, and they have no risk in violating every law in the books."The Supreme Court may render its decision before the end of the year.  It's one retired grandpa against the United States government.For more information, see www.LawlessAmerica.com.groups:News, Politics, US Politics, Not News, Greatest Depression, Opinion, Unfeatured, Law and Justice, Unexplained, InfoWars, Civil Liberties, Right Wing Nuts, NWO, Fight the NWO, USA NEWS, Government Abuse of Power, Government, U.S. Judical Watch, US Government, Decepticons, Future of War 17 moretags:Constitution,Supreme Court,Spam,Constitutional rights,Americans surveillance,supreme court ruling,global-political spam 3 more|141 comments// Supreme Court Will Soon Issue a Landmark Decision on the Validity of the Constitutionhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+2AsiaSuperLoopIt should be remembered that judges are lawyers.  The same guys who spent the early part of their careers cutting deals and moral corners, and sticking their fingers in the deep muck of ambiguity in which lawyers thrive, are the guys who wind up on the bench.  There's nothing angelic about the position of a federal judge, and state court judges are by far much, much worse.You have only as much justice as you need and want.  If the judicial process is corrupt and imprecise, it's because there are so many who depend and feed on that imprecision; and imprecision is the solvent for hypocrisy, fudging the good, the bad and ugly, making them indiistinguishable and only occasionally indigestible.East Asian cultures historically have shunned the legal process.  And why might this be?  It's because justice is a mirror of society at large, and the image is unfortunately dark.  The courts merely reflect back what's out there, reassuringly wrapping that reflection in the cant of strenuously unexamined legitimacy.  Sartre said that hell is other people.  The judicial process is hell squared, because it's other people, not merely consorting with you, but also pushing your buttons, all the while using the few magic phrases they remember from law school: noscitur a sociis, res judicata, res ipsa loquitur.  Justice is an ideal.  The judicious is a nightmare.  Courts exist to legitimize the exercise of governmental power.  The word itself, "court," refers to the exercise of royalist power. So it should be clear enough that courts institutionalize biases that are inherent in the social system that spawn them.  This is "legal realism". 1 month agoflag  reply-1Tommy_DecentralizedSome of you mindless idiots living in fear of big bad government. Yeah you, the ones that buy lots of guns from the military industrial complex (supporting them financially) Should instead of living in fear, get behind real solutions. like: Constitutional Direct Democracy. a way to remove the power from the elite. It's not a pipe dream (like revolutions, and anarchy are) since 24 states already have it, and the rest are headed that way. One day it will be federal as well. why? those that are awake, understand that we can represent ourselves, within the constitution/bill of rights, so as to never have a "mob rule: Get with your future now, so you dont look like an idiot later.and always remember that capitalism's worst enemy, is fair trade. equal balanced fair trade. 1 month agoflag  reply-2BrushwithDeathToothpasteWhat is with the Grandfather Windsor crap?  He is a businessman and his son is CEO of the company that wants to bid on a tour boat contract.  Makes it sound like the court arbitrarily beat up on an old man.  While there does appear to be a conflict of interest in the bid process, this also reeks of frivolous lawsuits and legal harassment.  Now Windsor's influence and money campaign frames this case to be much larger than it really is.  Ugly tactic and easy to see through. 1 month agoflag  reply+2DagumYou believe the trial judge violated your constitutional rights?  Judicial corruption runs rampant in American society especially in the federal system where  the little Mussolini Judges are appointed for life without having to face retention elections. Wronged, you probably were, but that the supreme court is ruling on the validity of the constitution in its entirety is little bit of  hyperbole. 1 month agoflag  reply+3southrabbitIt sounds like a verifiable instance of bad rule, which is grounds for impeachment.   He should be calling his congressman to draft articles of impeachment against the judge.   A writ of mandamus will just allow the judge to stay on the bench.  A terrible waste of time and the wrong branch of government to be attacking. 1 month agoflag  reply0william_m_windsor  southrabbit:Thanks for the idea, but I already tried that.  Our senators and congressman replied that they can't get involved because they may have to deal with it in an impeachment proceeding.  No one with the government will touch it.I very much appreciate all of you who are taking this seriously, because I believe this is as serious as it gets.  I have had to switch off following the comments because I have a brief to finish and much more.  I will soon issue a news release with information about Justice Thomas' apparent position, which isn't good.  If anyone wants to communicate with me, please email me at bill@LawlessAmerica.com.  I will keep www.LawlessAmerica.com updated with the latest as it happens, and when time permits, I will add everything that has happened, especially the proof of the violations by each of the nine judges. 1 month agoflag  reply-4UtopianSkyThis is simply an individual who does not like the fact that the court ruled against him, so he wants to blame the entire US Constitution. 1 month agoflag  reply+11william_m_windsor  UtopianSky:I guess I shouldn't be concerned with bulletin boards such as this because there is so much nonsense.  I AM NOT BLAMING THE CONSTITUTION.  I happen to think it is a pretty amazing document.  EVERY court ruling against me has been bogus, and I darned sure don't like it.  It started with one judge who was either bribed or corrupt for other reasons, and all of the other judges commit perjury and violate all types of Constitutional rights to cover up for the first judge.Do you know much about the law?  Ask any attorney what is perhaps the most clear of all laws relative to legal proceedings.  I believe it is the law regarding summary judgments.  Everyone knows that a summary judgment cannot be awarded if there is a material disputed fact issue.  In my case, the central issue was disputed.  The Judge rejected the statement of facts presented by both sides and wrote her own, and she completely concocted a story. The judge's perjury is proven by the record before the court.  But she used her lies to award summary judgment.  The Eleventh Circuit ignored it, and The Supreme Court said it wasn't important enough for them to consider.  I have documented hundreds of violations of Constitutional rights as well as hundreds of violations of criminal statutes by nine federal judges. 1 month agoflag  reply+4thelastwheeler  UtopianSky:Ok there sprinkles, try reading it again. before you comment read the story, 1 month agoflag  reply-3UtopianSky  thelastwheeler:I did read it. It's just one guy having a hissy-fit, blaming everyone for his problems but himself. 1 month agoflag  reply-2UtopianSky  william_m_windsor:If there was any validity to your story, you would not be posting it yourself on a blog. You would contact actual reporters, tell them everything you "uncovered" and it would be on CNN by tomorrow night.But instead, you are having a public tantrum.That tells me about the validity of your position. 1 month agoflag  reply+3thelastwheeler  UtopianSky:o if indeed you did read the story, at what point does he blame the constitution?again read the story before you comment please. 1 month agoflag  reply+4william_m_windsor  UtopianSky:I'm afraid you live in never-never-land.  As I have explained, I have contacted the U.S. Attorney, the FBI, Congress, and all of the mainstream media. One investigative reporter told me that her paper would not let her cover the story because they are afraid of the judges.  There is apparently going to be a documentary produced about this.  The reason stories like mine don't get heard is that attorneys are scared to death of the judges.  I was unable to find an attorney willing to sue a federal judge, so I had to do it myself.  You should be praying that The Supreme Court decides to clean up the judicial system.  My case may be the best chance that any of us will ever have to see this happen. 1 month agoflag  reply+5JanforGore  william_m_windsor:Just curious. Should you even be here discussing this publicly then? 1 month agoflag  reply+5JanforGore  william_m_windsor:Invalidating the Constitution won't clean up the system. 1 month agoflag  reply+2william_m_windsor  JanforGore:If I were an attorney or had an attorney, I have no doubt that they would advise me to say nothing.  But I'm not, and I don't, and I won't.  The Supreme Court has no legal right to object as I am not violating any rules or anything.  I figure our only hope is if this story spreads.I don't want to see the Constitution invalidated.  I want to see it enforced.  I believe that we all deserve a fair judge, the right to a jury trial, laws that are enforced, and no place for corruption in our courts.  We have to hope that The Supreme Court has enough honest judges that they will act to try to stem the corruption that they all know exists. 1 month agoflag  reply+3PressCore  UtopianSky:http://Current.comMeaning no offense, but since I'm sure we'd all like to read more carefully stated comments here on Current.com, it might be a good idea to qualify your statement with imho first. And even better, for the purpose of stimulating intelligent discussion. perhaps you should add a question mark. WTF could we really know anyway ? We're not the party centrally involved or material witnesses to any of the facts related to this man's case. Besides, this is supposed to be a citizen Journalist website with community members interacting to discover the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth,imho. That's the purpose for discussion & debate. WE are the Democracy in this country. Otherwise it's merely a Republic with indirect representation that's often hit or miss. If you want to hit your target, please do not allow ego, social pressure, what others parrot, to get in the way of your discovery of the Truth. An archer always judges the distance between himself and his target & crosswinds. Notice how they aim high, center themselves first, then shoot. Again, my constructive criticism is only aimed at making Current.com an improved semi public forum where bona fide readers can be really turned onto legitimate Journalism. The letters to the editor section in your county newspaper's editorial page runs a close parallel angle to our members' comments section here. Trust me. I was working for the Oswego Palladium Times, as my first job in Journalism in 1958, when there were wheat ears on the Lincoln cent. You know, America the Beautiful " with amber waves of grain, o'er purple mountain's majesty, above the fruited plain " I don't expect you to sing along, friend. But our mission here on Current.com is always to keep an open mind. That doesn't require your taking up archerylike Green Arrow. Nor do you have to run faster than a speeding bullet, beable to leap tall buildings in a single bound, and be the man of steel likeClark Kent. The word legend is Latin for "reading", not personalities per se.We all put a little of ourselves into our words, no ? They are a direct reflectionof our prevailing attitudes in life. An honest scientist, in his pursuit of the truth,always starts out with an attitude: " I do not know "  Something tells me there'snothing simple about this man's case. Call it gut instinct whether fact or opinion. 1 month agoflag  reply+3clvr_cat  UtopianSky:The case is in Westlaw, and I looked at it. This is legit. Like other commenters have said this man is trying to get the Supreme Court to APPLY the Constitution and ENFORCE judicial restraint for the Federal Courts. If the facts are as stated above, then the man should not have paid anything because the claims were false. This man was litigating against the State of New York and says their witness was not credible. If this happend as alleged then Mr. Windsor's due process rights were violated. . . by the Government. 1 month agoflag  reply+1JanforGore  william_m_windsor:"We have to hope that The Supreme Court has enough honest judges that they will act to try to stem the corruption that they all know exists."Well, considering the corporate loving judges we have on the USSC now that also have no regard for the votes of the people, I already know it doesn't have enough honest judges to stem the corruption they recently endorsed. They seem to side with corporations, so you you may either win, orget a rude awakening. Will that be justice based on their track record if you do win? I guess it depends on whose ox is being gored. 1 month agoflag  reply+2clvr_cat  UtopianSky:http://www.nowpublic.com/tech-biz/maid-mist-accused-hundreds-counts-perjuryhttp://protectourparks.wordpress.com/2010/05/03/alcatraz-media-and-william-m-win...This is all I could find except for Windsor's own site. Read and research for yourself. 1 month agoflag  reply+2im1mjrpain  UtopianSky:You are showing your ignorance right now. 1 month agoflag  reply+1PressCore  clvr_cat:http://Current.comhe DOJ itself is extremely corrupt because after 100 years of association with the prototype FBI in 1909, then the current FBI est. in 1932, they can't be anything else than what the FBI is, which is rotten to the core with Racketeering. In 1925, the then Congress held the Palmer Hearings named after the A.G. of whatever adminin was in power then. They investigated massive complaints of FBI agents routinely illegaly wiretapping telepones & bugging homes without Court Warrants, committing Mail Robbery, then unlawfuly opening mail & reading it, Felony breaking & entering to Arrest citizens without Warrants, and Assaulting even Murdering citizens & foreigners. Those extreme criminal abuses committed under the color(pretense) of authority were never curtailed by the DOJ who,under the law of agency are responsible for supervising their FBI pit bulls. Their negligence is legendary. Hoover was a Dictator for Life. He's known for blackmailing President Kennedy AND his DOJ A.G.(Because the FBI is a mob of NAZIS that investigates everone's past to see ifthey can't find the skeletons in their closet to use to blackmail them with if theywon't play ball with the FBI as their operatives to carry out their political agenda.The FBI is a monster they created which has "investigated" to penetratively Trespass to invade the right to privacy of U.S. Supreme Court Justices,Hollywood movie stars, Congresspeople etc.The first news story I blogged in June 2008 was the sordid details of the FBI using H.R. Rep Gerald Ford as an operative,as Ronald Reagan,as Presidents.It isn't hard to see they've blackmailed George Bush Jr. and Barrak Obama too)I've been a victim of the FBI's Racketeering Conspiracy to Violate my Civil Rights for 41 years now. 100% of all the FBI evil described has either been already inflicted on me, or attempted repeatedly. And worse,they have implicated elements of the N.Y. State police, State Park police, Onondaga County sheriffs, Syracuse & Oswego City police, E.Syracuse/Dewitt cops, the Onondaga County D.A. William Fitzpatrick,several assistants, U.S.Attorney Sudaby & assistants, Sheriff Kevin Walsh, AND Federal Judge Frederick Scullen in their corruption. Scullen was implicated in incidents both while he was U.S.Attorney, then after Bush nominated him for Federal Judge as a reward for his Official Misconduct. It'll take Congressional Investigators to verify all you read here. I intend to give my story to the NY Times or USA Today to make a documentary.Ever since those FBI miscreants photographed me in 1969 protesting the illegal Vietnam War, they've Stalked me, and subjected me to illegal surveilance in direct violation of U.S. & N.Y. criminal Statutes. The FBI's Racketeering profile since implicates them in Murder 1 Conspiracy instantiated by 3 Attempts at Murder 1 carried out by crackheads in 1990,and covered up by the Syracuse police(witnessed). FBI supervisors Lester Aman, Mike Mason,and Phil Luny have repeatedly employed crack dealers with long prison records to Attempt Murder 1, as recently as mid Jan.2010 where I worked for R.C.J.F  Dunkin Donuts in Syracuse, N.Y. The Syracuse FBI's Racketeering profile of Felonies violating our New York Criminal Statutes also implicates them repeatedly in 1st degree armed criminal Trespass, 1st degree Reckless Endangerment of my Life, 1st degree Stalking, 1st degree Assault Conspiracy instantiated by 3 Attempted 1st degree Assaults by crack gangs. The Misdemeanors of repeated Coercion,Menacing, Larcenies are tame by comparison. But there's also FBI agents committing Felony Robbery of money, jewelry, personal objects involved as trophies of their Stalking.,repeated attempts at malicious crim prosecutions.(1st degree Felonies invoke the legaly justifiable use of deadly force.The Syracuse FBI and Director Robert Muller have been using the ABC TV network as their R.I.C.O.arm since 1980 when they installed Dan Cummings, their criminal operative, as news anchor at Syracuse ABC affiliate WSYR TV station. Watch the movie The Truman Show  to understand the exact parralel of the Racketeering m.o. which the FBI has been using Racketeer Dan Cummings to inflict on me to oppress my 1st, 4th, 5th, 13th, 14th Amendment rights for Capital Cities/ABC's /WSYR's commercial profit to make their FBI Racketeering crimes pay. With the FBI's Felony Eavesdropping fed to him daily.FBI's agent Dan Cummings has been broadcasting the contents of all my telephone calls, faxes, Emails, and the comments I've made here on Current.com by means of Coercion to inflict Slaveryon me in violation of our N.Y. & U.S. criminal Statutes. I have talked to Racketeer Dan Cummings myself and retrieved material evidence to substantiate his willful intent to commit to continuous Coercion & Slavery to inflict on me. His operatives have told me directly Cummings told them I am his " commercial property " with digital camcorders in hand they admitted Cummings gave them to criminaly invade my right to privacy,Stalking me .FBI Racketeer Cummings has fraudulently misrepresented me as a " public figure " for 30 years DAILY criminaly broadcasting his unlawful documenting of every word, action, movement I make at work, where I shop,where I live because the FBI feed him all the contents of the Felony avesdropping they obtained from my home since they unlawfuly entered here on Oct. 31, 2001 to plant their bug. My voice over internet telephone line is unlawfuly bugged. You must know they've had the ability to launch a cyber worm program through the SIM chip in anyone's cell phone to use the mic in it to eavesdrop in on the user even without the power light switched on since the 90s. I have to use a cell phone for emergencies as anyone would. But the Racketeering FBI has turned it into a wire(less) to bug me with. That pickup is Felony Eavesdropped by the FBI & Cummings expressly to have Cummings use WSYR to broadcast every word I say, and all others say to me, and about me within earshot. Racketeer Dan Cummings has expropriated my life as his Organized Crime Live Reality Show for his depraved viewers (who assume they can't be caught & punished for supporting his Racketeering by purchasing his commercial sponsor's products which pay Cummings to continue his Racketeering). So the Public Corruption, yet another Racketeering profile Felony goes on.Cummings has publicly broadcast he will pay a bribe to anyone for supplying him with info on me he can broadcast. Add Bribery to Racketeering.My employers, employees working where I shop etc.have all told me the FBI has visited them and ordered them to inform Dan Cummings directly on all my words, actions,movements to broadcast. And have ordered them to tell the FBI so that the can be "debriefed". Cummings has broadcast Felony Criminal Libels repeatedly to induce job Discrimination as part of their Racketeering profile to violate my civil rights to equal employment opportunity. Cummings has Criminaly Libeled me as a " thief ","possessor of stollen property" at least 6 times, a " Fraud "cheating the public of their taxes paying food stamps I allegedly wasn't entitled to (though NewYork says I am), another 6 times, a " speeder ", a " reckless driver " , a " child molester ", a " Stalker ",and a " terrorist ". Cummings has likend me to Osama Bin Laden in a separate instance of Criminal Libel. The aformentioned are per se Libels. His Criminal Libel inuendoes occur weekly. His Aggravated Harassment broadcasts trick others to repeat them as mind control to aid & abet his crimes after the fact.Both the FBI & Cummings could be adjudged to be criminaly insane by any Court appointed forensic psychologist. Because they suffer from pathological lying, delusions of grandeur in misbelieving themselves to be above the law due to their extreme corruption, and obsession with victimizing me with their Hate Crime. 1 month agoflag  reply+2PressCore  william_m_windsor:For whatever it may be worth to you, Mr.Windsor. I believe that they indeeddid wrong you severely, and violate your rights. You have only to read of myexperience with the corruption rampant in the Government's agencies to knowthat I too am an agrieved party. I appreciate your dignity in simply stating thefacts. You must have a lot of God given talent & bona fide ambition to have used the Capitalist system to proper advantage. The jealous undertones and speciousrationalizations expressed here are off on a tangent to the central point of thenews article. I hope you prevail sir. Whether how you went about resolving theproblem of intensive Federal corruption is the most appropriate way of accomplishingit is beyond my province. In all humility we are all awash in a world beyond ourimmediatee control and reckoning. Still I feel you have set in motion somethingwhich will resonate in the future History of the USA as something positive. I'mregarded by my peers as an expert card player. I think you've played your cardswell given how they were dealt to you. Thanks for chiming in. I have a formaleducation in Psychology, & Law. But my experience in Journalism goes back52 years. And I know you have a hard core news story the Free Press shouldexpose to the max. Good Luck. 1 month agoflag  reply+2FtheBULLSHT  william_m_windsor:Have you tried contacting The Real News Network, they're pretty legit and this seems like something they'd report on. 1 month agoflag  reply+1Prijedoram baffled by this 1 month agoflag  reply+1common_sense_pleaseunfortunately for this guy the current Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has been bought off by Republicans and big money who are now people--and Clarence Thomas has been bought off too via his wife's political activities on behalf of the Tea Party..... so nice try Mr. Windsor but you're sort of screwed from the outset like you already figured. 1 month agoflag  reply+5william_m_windsor  common_sense_please:At least I will accomplish some really tangible proof of corruption at the highest levels.  My best hope is that this story reaches enough people. 1 month agoflag  reply-1artemis6  william_m_windsor:The day they decided corporations were person , was all the proof I needed . They are more than corrupt . They are owned . The highest bidder wins . 1 month agoflag  reply+3IncredulousI'm not sure issuing a decision about the validity of the Constitution is within the province of the Supreme Court's claim to validity.....but they are quickly becoming one of the biggest jokes in this nation. 1 month agoflag  reply+10JanforGore  Incredulous:They need to read it first. 1 month agoflag  reply+1Incredulous  JanforGore:LMAO! 1 month agoflag  reply-1ozoneoceanHmmmm.... the SOURCE for the original story was...SOURCE: William M. WindsorHahahaha, yeah... great journalism there."grandfather"? WTF? His patriarchal rank doesn't make him anymore reliable or any more of a sympathetic character. I really don't care about his family life unless it has some bearing on the story at hand- and we're not getting any of that here OR at the original source:http://www.breitbart.com/article.php?id=xprnw.20101113.CL01025Anything about the circumstances that led up to him being charged? How do we know he didn't pay the guys who testified FOR him? What was the reason behind the first judges decision?This story is pathetically incomplete, biased and filled with rhetoric. 1 month agoflag  reply+4william_m_windsor  ozoneocean:It really saddens me to read comments by those who have to be negative.What would you like to know?  Just ask, and I will give you all the information that you need.  First, I was never "charged" with anything.  This is civil, not criminal.  Yet in a civil lawsuit, Maid of the Mist accused me of theft and bribery and much more.  That alone should have gotten them in big trouble, but Judge Orinda D. Evans ignored absolutely everything.  I have posted the original lawsuit and the proof of the totally false statements at http://www.lawlessamerica.com/index.php/news/blog-of-william-m-windsor/110-proof...No one testified for me, and I didn't pay anyone anything.  The testimony that proves the false sworn pleadings is from the Plaintiffs' employees and the man who made the false affidavit and false verification in the first place.  You'll see this in the above linked document.There was no "reason" behind the first decision of Judge Evans.  Over 200 of the sentences in her ruling were false, and I have proven most of that with the testimony of the Plaintiffs.  The documentation of the perjury by Judge Evans in the summary judgment order is linked to the same page referenced above.There are a number of stories online about this, though the mainstream media is afraid of the judges and won't touch the story.  I have been told this by several major media people.This is "simply" a case where I discovered that our federal courts are corrupt.  And I set out to prove it, and I have done so. http://www.nowpublic.com/tech-biz/federal-judge-accused-maid-mist-case-judicial-...http://www.nowpublic.com/tech-biz/maid-mist-accused-hundreds-counts-perjury 1 month agoflag  reply+1CitizenHill  ozoneocean:http://www.prnewswire.comFYI,  the source goes back just a bit further, Breitbart picked this info from: PR Newswire Association LLC (www.prnewswire.com), which is now in its 52nd year, provides electronic distribution, targeting, measurement and broadcast services on behalf of some 30,000 corporate, government, association, labor, non-profit, and other customers worldwide. Using PR Newswire, these organizations reach a variety of critical audiences including the news media, the investment community, government decision-makers, and the general public with their up-to-the-minute, full-text news developments. 1 month agoflag  reply-1Tommy_Decentralizedboo hoo a multi millionaire didnt get to place a bid to make more millions because he didnt scratch the right backs in a town he's not from. cry me a river. 1 month agoflag  reply+2william_m_windsor  Tommy_Decentralized:If you are referring to me, you have the facts confused.I was sued for no valid reason in 2005.  As I knew the people at Maid of the Mist were liars, I joined others in October 2008 in an effort to force the government in Canada to go by their laws as the contract for the boat service was never tendered for bids.  I sued the government in Ontario and won.  A tender has been issued, and bids are due the end of the year.  I have been denied the ability to bid because I refused to agree that I would not sue the government again.  All of this is a by-product of the 2005 bogus lawsuit, which I believe was filed because Maid of the Mist feared that their $1.5 million dollar contract was in jeopardy because they had breached their agreement with the Ontario government.The real point that your post ignores is that our federal judiciary is completely and totally corrupt, at least in Atlanta.  It's a fact that I can prove again and again and again.  Oh by the way, at last count, the cost of all of this is $1.6 million and counting.  I've been wiped out financially, but I will fight this until I die, if necessary. 1 month agoflag  reply-2Tommy_Decentralized  william_m_windsor:Yes I am referring to you and your multi million dollar corporation that is trying to get a monopoly on popular boat tours. Your cooperation already has "one million customers a day" That is more than enough for you. You have the alcatraz prison tours. you make well over a million a year. by HAPPY with that. let this go. enjoy the last few years of your life. You're not a very honest person yourself. You make pretty much the same accusation against another multi million dollar corporation, that they make on your multi million dollar corporation.Even the tittle of the stupid blog is misleading. Try being a very honest person yourself. way before you fight dishonesty. That way you wont be a complete and total hypocrite.Other people do fight political corruption, people that will always be more credible than you. who has greed as your number one motive.advice, instead of spending a million dollars,lol to try and make more millions. infest your time and money into helping people in your neighborhood. do some good with your rich elites money. and maybe someone will give a rats ass about you. right now, I dont give a fuck about you. You;re not an honest person, and you are only out for yourself and your love of money. so fuck off.people like you, dishonest greedy fucks, are the problem.Enjoy my last comment. i will pay no attention from anything coming from the lame ass website, and the greed monger (you) that post here. buh bye greedy old man 1 month agoflag  reply+1william_m_windsor  Tommy_Decentralized:You have no earthly idea what you are talking about.  I do not have a corporation.  I have earned less than $20,000 a year for the last five years!  I am totally honest, and I have all the proof in the world.  I have taken a polygraph and have offered to take one on anything that I have ever said or written at any time.  This has nothing to do with money, other than the outrageous cost of the legal system.  This is about corruption of our judicial system and the ability for people to do nothing but lie in court and get away with it.  I can only hope for you that someone sues you in federal court because with your attitude, the judges will crucify you.  Then you'll know. 1 month agoflag  reply+3ahiguy  Tommy_Decentralized:What is your credibility?... your opinion? Fortunately, it gives you no voice of authority, an opinion I might add, that has no substance but obvious biased ignorance. 1 month agoflag  reply-3Tommy_Decentralized  ahiguy:I didn't claim to be an authority. and nothing in my opinion was untrue.Further more, choosing no side is not being bias. retard 1 month agoflag  reply-1Tommy_Decentralized  william_m_windsor:You're like the energiser bunny. You just keep going on and on. You started the alcatraz tour boat corporation. Your son s now the CEO.You are retired. You spent over a million on this case, but now claim to only make 20 thou a yr. So again you're lying. I repeat, the best way to fight corruption, is to be an honest person. bec no one like a hypocrite, and a liar. You admit to not having any proof that any judge was bribed. You lost your civil case. get over it, move on. The corporation you started up, that boast to having one million customers each month. Is doing great. You were a successful person. So you were unable to expand your multi million dollar business to include the niagara falls tours. GET OVER IT. you done good. Enjoy your retirement. That is good advice. One I bet your family agrees with, probably not the CEO son though, lols! 1 month agoflag  reply+1william_m_windsor  Tommy_Decentralized:What motivates you to lie like this?  I started NOTHING.  I didn't start any Alcatraz tour boat operation.  I never owned, invested in, served as an employee, officer, director, shareholder, member, or anything else.I absolutely have no proof that the judge was bribed,m and I have never and will never make such a charge without proof.  I have charged the judge with violation of 11 other criminal statutes, for which I have undeniable proof. 1 month agoflag  reply+2ahiguy  Tommy_Decentralized:It is obvious that you are not an authority.Btw, who is a retard?... oh yeah, a person who calls someone a retard. 1 month agoflag  reply-1Tommy_Decentralized  william_m_windsor:You couldn't tell the truth if your life depended on it.Perhaps you didnt start the company, perhaps.but to say you never even worked for it, hahaha!Yes, strangers bid for companies they have no affiliation with all teh time lols!whatever. no one believes you homeboy.Here let e show you a bold face lie: "Supreme Court Will Soon Issue a Landmark Decision on the Validity of the Constitution"That is a bold face lie, it is in no way true whatsoever.please continue with even more lies, pathetic! 1 month agoflag  reply-2Tommy_Decentralized  ahiguy:lol, you just called yourself a retard. noice!discuss the topics, or STFU 1 month agoflag  reply+1ahiguy  Tommy_Decentralized:Huh!... interesting, it's been a while that I've had the displeasure of commenting with a  person where the keyboard is their power trip.... i.e., STFU - WTF? Are you attempting to engage me in a verbiage battle?... I advise you it is best not to go there, as I'm more than able to hold my own. I'll engage in a dialogue with you, whether we should agree or not, as long as it is civil.... but when insults are entered in defense of ones pov instead of intellect, then rational dialogue is lost.... don't you agree? 1 month agoflag  reply+3ahiguyhttp://www.constitution.org/law/bastiat.htmIt's true that there is a pro-active movement by sitting judges across the land to litigate and judge contrary to the established rule of law..... ke-rhist o'mighty. what does it take to get the picture that we have both lawless judges and government, when the U.S. DOJ sues states, counties and municipalities for enforcing U.S. constitutional laws from invasion of illegal aliens of our sovereign borders.... and that is but just one of the myriads of examples of the nefarious plutocratic corruption we've so foolishly empowered (we keep re-electing these self serving bandits) - year after year, these last 1/2 dozen decades.Where there is no 'just law', there 'just is no law', it is anarchy. 1 month agoflag  reply+4PressCore  ahiguy:The Department of Injustice has been so politicaly compromised for sucha long long time, it's a miracle that Nixon's attorney general John Mitchellever went to prison. That could only happen today if he were so flagrantlyclumsy to get caught and piss off all the right people. And even then they'donly sentence him because he embarrassed them so much. The DOJ under Holder is such a bad joke. He was a tool for Clinton under that monster JanetReno. And though Holder made a big disclaimer about it when he was askedbefore more recent Congressional seats, all for Show Biz, he's now merelyanother career politician for Pinocio'bama. They're such incompetent dupes. 1 month agoflag  reply+1congoboy  ahiguy:maybe we ought to have crystalman begin scoping out some housing for us in one of the more democratic countries in europe, does one exist anymore? i cant believe this will go unchallenged. thank god for the recent mid terms, we may have a chance 1 month agoflag  reply+2william_m_windsorI am William M. Windsor. The story about The Supreme Court is mine. It is true. I have proof of it all, and the information above is a tiny portion of the story. I have proof of rampant corruption with the federal courts in Atlanta and with the Clerk of the District Courts office. I have proof of perjury, subornation of perjury, obstruction of justice, and much more. These are all crimes, and they have all been committed by judges while hiding behind their robes. If the citizens of our country had any idea that we no longer have the key protections of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, we would have a revolution. Im not looking to incite a revolution, but if this judicial corruption is not made a major issue by all of us little people, our children and grandchildren might as well be living in North Korea or some other Communist country. Please pass this story along because the mainstream media refuses to cover it out of fear of the judges. Our best hope is if this story gets picked up by more and more blogs and gets emailed to more and more people. Thank you. And if you have any questions about anything that I have written, just email me at bill@LawlessAmerica.com. I have proof of everything. www.LawlessAmerica.comTo those who have questioned my proof, please just ask me to direct you to whatever you would like to see.To those who think this is silly, please think again.  This is as serious as it gets.  Now, let's face it, The Supreme Court isn't going to come out and say: "Federal judges may void the Constitution."  The federal judges are ALREADY voiding the Constitution.  What they will say is, "this is wrong, and it must be stopped," or they will let then judges continue to get away with it.To the person who noted that I have started a lot of companies, this is absolutely true.  But I am a retired grandpa who has had my entire life savings stolen by these corrupt judges.  Let me debunk a few myths:People get to admit evidence in court.  Judge Evans did not allow evidence.  She continues to conceal two documents that were filed under seal for her to examine that will prove fraud and obstruction of justice.People get to call witnesses and ask questions.  I was denied both rights.  In fact, the Clerk of the Court has been told to not even give me subpoenas, so I was unable to subpoena unfriendly witnesses.Those testifying in court have to tell the truth.  Judge Evans ignored the truth, and I have documented over 1,000 statements that were false, and I have cited all of the testimony and documents that prove the lies. Judges have to tell the truth.  This is a joke.  I have hundreds and hundreds of lies in court orders in my case alone, and I have documented the proof of the intentional false statements.Judges have to abide by the law.  An even bigger joke!  In 62 pages of orders from the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, they never used one sentence to address any of my errors of law or errors of fact.  They violated the law repeatedly.Sorry to have taken so much space, but I happened upon this while doing a search, and I thought I would share a few things. 1 month agoflag  reply+6PressCore  william_m_windsor:" An open letter to the FBI " ???? I have 40 years of direct Journalistic eye witness experience with those miscreants. As a 4.0 law student and a Journalistic investigator, I can tell you in all honesty that the FBI is the biggest Racketeer Influenced Corrupt Organization this world has ever been scourged by. Writing ANYTHING to criminal trash like them is a farce. Their methods ARE criminal. Why the hell do you think the Federal Court Commission has found 1,000s of instances of serious to extreme prosecutorial misconduct committed by U.S.Attorneys. I have the USA Today articles on it published earlier this Autumn. It's the FBI who are THE single most corrupting undue influence on others. That only make sense if you realy stop to think about it. When law enforcement has become so corrupt that it becomes crime enforcement equaly too, you can't expect people to act with honesty and abide by the laws. I've seen it happen time and again. The average person has a weak conscience. They're only law abiding so long as they know their crimes would be punished. Once they're made to understand they can commit any crime they like to victimize anyone whom  the corrupt FBI wants to target with their crimes, they think its open season. The FBI lean on ex con crackdealersto carry out their crimes at Dunkin Donuts franchises, equaly as they lean on phony white collar "professionals" at Hertz to carry out Hate Crimes, and 1st degree Reckless Endangerment of Life, and support Felony Eavesdropping in public. They're equaly inconscionable, moraly bankrupt, and depraved.Everything the FBI touches turns to shit. You've only seen the tip of the iceberg. 1 month agoflag  reply+4william_m_windsor  PressCore:Yes, I have learned that the FBI is corrupt.  My reasons for Open Letters to the FBI and the U.S. Attorney are to put them on record.  My letters to them have been ignored.  By making it very public that I have informed them of such a serious issue, and that they ignored it, I believe I have established a cause of action against them under Bivens or 42 U.S.C.1983. 1 month agoflag  reply+3PressCore  william_m_windsor:Good luck on that. And I do mean that sincerely. If I were in your shoesI would approach the Amercian Civil Liberties Union, and major newspaperslike the New York Times. If at first you don't succeed, try try again. There'sa saying that " there's no such thing as bad publicity " If you raise a stinkabout it long enough, and hard enough, even the saps who pass as citizenswill have to wake up and take notice. If it's public need to know it's news whichdoes concern them. 1 month agoflag  reply+2PressCore  william_m_windsor:Mao Tse Tung: " Power flows from the barrel of a gun " Even snub nosed .38s. 1 month agoflag  reply+3william_m_windsor  PressCore:I tried for a year to get the ACLU to talk to me, but they wouldn't.  I told them it was hard for me to believe that there could be many civil liberties out there that are much more important.  I suspect they are afraid of the judges, too.  I will keep pounding the media.  A friend gave me Bob Woodward's email address, so I have emailed him.  Thanks for your support. 1 month agoflag  reply+1congoboy  william_m_windsor:the aclu is too busy worrying about low end law suits. like human rights abuses where they dont exist. 1 month agoflag  reply-1fun_size  PressCore:"As a 4.0 law student and a Journalistic investigator, I can tell you in all honesty that the FBI is the biggest Racketeer Influenced Corrupt Organization this world has everbeen scourged by."I call bullshit. Cmon compared to the KGB, Gestapo or China's secret police the FBI are saints. Im not saying they arent corrupt, inept and evil but youre being way too over-dramatic. 1 month agoflag  reply+2TasteHiwell the comment on georgia courts is rather true and relevant... 1 month agoflag  reply-2randallr01silliness 1 month agoflag  reply-2toastyguy11wow, this is at the top? 1 month agoflag  reply-11H2O_4UThe Constitution has been one of the most pro-capitalist documents ever written and forced onto an unwilling population. It's time it's reign should end. 1 month agoflag  reply-9Debra_  H2O_4U:I agree! 1 month agoflag  reply+4mik661  H2O_4U:Because things are working out so well in Russia, Cuba or Venezuela. 1 month agoflag  reply+3ibrake4rappers13  H2O_4U:Ah yes, That capitalistic constitution. That document is what gave people  the freedom to create that computer you are using to trash the very system that made it affordable for you to purchase.The freedom to speak your mind with no censorship from the government. Even your anti-capitalist stance. Any other type of government will not even allow you to question it and imprisons anyone who does. and sometimes you're even forced to work in a Hard labor camp (North Korea)The freedom to own a gun and protect yourself. And that constitution you hate so much, gave a you gun just in case the current government gets out of control. Now let me ask you what form of existing government in the current world do you believe America should look like? Perhaps China? where you are not allowed to have more than a certain amount of children and where religion is banned and the only place you can go is the state church?Or maybe myanmar? or what about iran?  Where political oppositions is silenced with with a gun?-----Oh yeah lets not forget about that no "cruel or unsual punishment thing. I hear saudi arabia is great this time of year." but dont bring a bible. 1 month agoflag  reply0congoboy  H2O_4U:all the unwilling stand on the left. now all the willing stand on the right. o.k the left is out numbered by the millions on the right. majority rules, get used to it! 1 month agoflag  reply+2congoboy  Debra_:wow, so there are at least two out dated miscreant fascist's who agree. 1 month agoflag  reply+2congoboy  ibrake4rappers13:brakes, you always seem to come up with a voice of reason in the tidal wave of lies, deceit, and misinformation. thanks for your knowledgeable, honest and forthright comments and opinions 1 month agoflag  reply-1ahappymintleaf  ibrake4rappers13:The 'at least we're not...' argument makes a great relativist stance, but it fails to actually address the fact that almost no country or region on this planet is either an oppressor or the oppressed.Our computers exist only due to the slave mining of minerals in the Congo. The "system that made it affordable" does so by permitting this enslavement, this system being global capitalism.We may be able to say what we want here, but if too many people listen and push for a radical break from our current society, the government will track us down and silence us, one way or another. I've heard enough stories and read enough history books. Look up COINTELPRO. There are essentially no laws protecting online privacy, so digital speech is even more dangerous.We should have the ability to have a gun to protect us from the government, but when they are so plentiful that any child can buy or find one and every trafficker is heavily armed, there's something wrong with the system.Plus all the comparisons you make are strawman arguments. Scandinavian countries are a better model. Or any country that doesn't support itself on a military industrial complex and controlling world resources.The whole world should enforce, at least culturally, less procreation. Human global population is out of control. 1 month agoflag  reply+1fun_size  congoboy:Not really... maybe in the south the left is outnumbered... 1 month agoflag  reply+1fun_size  H2O_4U:What?! The Constitution is what enshrines our very rights as Americans! Without it free speech wouldnt be protected and you wouldnt even be free to bad mouth it! 1 month agoflag  reply-2H2O_4U  fun_size:oh! so i guess this means i shouldn't be bad mouthing anything then?! you and the fascists are all alike, using capitalism to suppress others around you 1 month agoflag  reply+1fun_size  H2O_4U:I didnt say that at all. You have every right to speak against the Constitution. Thats because it grants you that right to speak as you wish. Which is rather ironic since you want to eliminate it.I dont much appreciate being called a fascist by the way. 1 month agoflag  reply+1congoboy  fun_size:if by the remote chance a bunch of progressive idiots managed to have the constitution outlawed, and they'd have millions of folks against their what, a couple hundred disillusioned hateful mind freaks? i'm sure the majority, most whom are well armed could handle a few hundred ill informed, pock faced miscreants. 1 month agoflag  reply+1fun_size  congoboy:They wouldn't be progressives if they wanted to eliminate the constitution. The Progressives are the ones that fought tooth and nail to get women to right to vote, pull children out of the factories and improve the lives of everyday Americans. Progressives are all about the Constitution. I'm a Progressive. 1 month agoflag  reply+2unimatrix0The article is terribly confused and rather silly.  Federal judges are not free to void the constitution.  The United States Supreme Court can not issue a decision on the validity of the Constitution - the Constitution is what they swear to uphold!This is just crappy spam from the global political blog that has been flooding current lately. 1 month agoflag  reply0congoboy  unimatrix0:wow uni something we can agree on. but with the seemingly easy highjacking of the traditions most americans hold dear by the obummer administration, and the corrupt men in black robes who constantly overturn the voice and vote of the majority it wouldnt surprise me if some of them tried. 1 month agoflag  reply+2VoyagerFilmsWow.  This is awesome.  Sadly, I totally agree with Grandfather Windsor.  My own experiences with the judicial system are no better than his own. 1 month agoflag  reply+2mik661  VoyagerFilms:Did you actually do the slightest bit of research on who the principals are in this case and what the history is? 1 month agoflag  reply+2VoyagerFilms  mik661:Our judicial system is populated in part by people who believe you must be hard on crime to get ahead, by people who want bragging rights for convictions, by people who have an agenda other than what's right or to determine the truth of a situation.  They want to win.  It's ego, it's pride, it's criminal.You've clearly not yet been involved in the legal system.  It's a game for to high a percentage of the people involved. 1 month agoflag  reply-2mik661  VoyagerFilms:So merely by claiming to have been wronged by the judicial  process lends credence to his claims? Furthermore you feel that  your feeling that you have been wronged by the judicial process makes you expert in its operation? 1 month agoflag  reply-1fun_size  VoyagerFilms:No system is perfect. Hell id even argue that most systems suck. But thats not a reason to get rid of it altogether. Whatever system you want to replace it with we be just as corrupt, just as inefficient, just as weak. Its because HUMANS are corrupt, inefficient and weak! Plus the fact that you want the supreme court to void the judicial system is laughably ironic in and of itself. 1 month agoflag  reply-12Debra_This is a historical opportunity for progress. Hopefully they make the right decision and void the constitution. 1 month agoflag  reply+7Nephwrack  Debra_:traitor! you dont like it here? then leave. 1 month agoflag  reply+2GLOBALPOLITICAL  Debra_:Please explain why you advocate voiding the Constitution. 1 month agoflag  reply-5Debra_  Nephwrack:that doesn't make me a traitor. You don't know what treason even means. 1 month agoflag  reply-5Debra_  GLOBALPOLITICAL:I have many times on current. Every time I do it ,every member on Current gangs up on me. I don't want to be personally attacked tonight so I am not saying why again.  But The Poster "H20" above outlines it well. 1 month agoflag  reply+2Nephwrack  Debra_:your posts are nonsensical. 1 month agoflag  reply-6Debra_  Nephwrack:well you are entitled to your opinion. But unlike you, I am going to withhold my opinion of you, because unlike you  I don't like to be rude, and it is not pleasant 1 month agoflag  reply+4Nephwrack  Debra_:you're insulting *my* intelligence? LOL. go back to soviet russia or wherever you came from. 1 month agoflag  reply-4Debra_  Nephwrack:I'm not insulting you at all. sorry you feel like that. 1 month agoflag  reply+4Nephwrack  Debra_:you're the one who said i don't know what treason means. you know who you remind me of? Delores Umbridge. 1 month agoflag  reply+2ibrake4rappers13  Debra_:So you would pretty much like to progress past our Constitution? you see it as a "charter of negative liberties" like our president right?Well im just glad you're being straight up and open about it. Most progressives arent. 1 month agoflag  reply+4Nephwrack  ibrake4rappers13:her idea is regressive, not progressive. 1 month agoflag  reply+1congoboy  Debra_:sorry honey, with the last historic mid term elections you and your ilks dream of a corrupted progressive takeover is way passe'. you guys should pool your money and buy an island. then you can have any kind of bullshit government you want. the majority of us like america the way it is, er or was before obummer. and we aint gonna lie down. so take your twisted dream and start your own country elsewhere 1 month agoflag  reply+2congoboy  Nephwrack:hey neph, we can agree sometimes. voted up 1 month agoflag  reply+4congoboy  Debra_:we'll pray for you debs 1 month agoflag  reply+3pissedoffinarkansas  congoboy:Really? You actually think we were better off under bush? That's disappointing. After all he started us down this road. And before you bash me for being an Obama supporter, know that no one is more disappointed in the lack of social change under the current administration,but it's not totally unexpected. 1 month agoflag  reply+1dreamsenvoy  congoboy:I am sure that is called a nightmare 1 month agoflag  reply+1fun_size  congoboy:This Debra is no progressive. Progressives work within the confines of the system trying to make America a better country. You cannot "progress" past the constitution... it is what enshrines the very ideals of this country! 1 month agoflag  reply+1fun_size  Debra_:Void the constitution? Are you mad? 1 month agoflag  reply+1Nephwrack  congoboy:XD 1 month agoflag  reply+2ibrake4rappers13  Nephwrack:ive had many people say that the conservative idea of returning america to the values our founders intended as regressive. But the thing with Debra is that she wants move away from those values. She views the constitution as outdated and obstacle to progress. thats progressivismProgressivism is not liberalismLiberalism is more closely defined with libertarianism; Maximum individual freedom. I bet youll find yourself agreeing more with mikeshanklin than Debra. Progressives hide behind the label of liberalism because they know that if they are as outspoken as Debra no one will elect them 1 month agoflag  reply0CalPal  Debra_:Void the Constitution?  Do you even realize how important a Constitution is?!It is the very reason why the US exists, why Canada exists, why Britain, France, Haiti, Mexico, Afghanistan, why every single country exists!  Constitutions LEGITIMIZE governments, which then are given the right to use the resources of its lands to protect the nation and its people, who support its legitimacy!  It is the reason why there are laws, why your neighbors aren't allowed to kill you, why there is ANY SAFETY AT ALL IN A MAD, MAD, MAD, MAD WORLD!!If there were no constitutions, there would be no nations; there would be tribes and city-states ruled by their iron-fisted elites, attempting to grab all the resources that they want while their subjects suffers.  Imagine the Middle Ages, only with assault rifles - better yet, look at Somalia for a modern example of what happens in a lawless land where constitutions mean nothing... it would be total chaos!  A land perfectly envisioned by Hobbes...And THAT is what you would call progress?!  No, Constitutions are a step TOWARDS progress from the kinds of violence and brutality you can't even imagine goes on in Somalia and other places where law has no legitimacy. 1 month agoflag  reply+1PressCore  CalPal:You do realize you're talking to a birdbrain, don't you ? (Rhetorical question)No need to answer that. She parrots the most exasperatingly propagandizeddoublespeech either: 1. To stimulate the very high quality intelligent response your well thought out words have proved that some members are capable of.2. To mischievously incite others to make negative remarks adding nothingto move the dialog to more enlightening expressions like yours, or 3.Becauseshe either puts on such a good act it IS no act, and she actualy does believeher shit doesn't stink. Ever see the Jim Carey's 1994 movie The Mask ? Itwas centered on the Norse God Loki, who was the epitome of mischief/chaos.That fat faced middle aged woman might actualy be what she realy looks like.Or it might be the farcical expression of some brainwashed silent majoritytype as we used to calll them in the 1960s. Carnation evaporated milk advertsused to call it " the smiles of contented cows ". Tell me it realy DOESN'T makeyou laugh, amigo, because that realy would be even more comical. She's" goofing " on us all. Though I have actualy read "her" break character andreveal a genuinely intelligent perceptibility when she commented in the articlein which a blond haired woman was Arrested for supposedly sending herson's 16 year old friend au naturel photos of herself, ostensibly to solicit sex. 1 month agoflag  reply+1Tommy_Decentralized  PressCore:Funny stuff :) 1 month agoflag  reply+1Stever_B  PressCore:Just based on your tip that Debra had revealed "a genuinely intelligent perceptibility", I sought out the article. Unless I missed something, she actually seemed more delusional and useless than she normally is. Actually, "delusional and useless" isn't quite right either -- it's like she's playing a character, but isn't....It's like she got plugged into that thing in "The Matrix" where they teach you stuff by uploading directly into your brain. She was learning how to be a human commentator and someone pulled the plug just a little too soon -- she got most of it, but not quite all. And the "not quite all" part is what we here get on Current when she posts. 1 month agoflag  reply+1congoboy  Stever_B:and you thought i was bad 1 month agoflag  reply+1congoboy  PressCore:yeah, debra and virotchka  should get a room 1 month agoflag  reply+1Stever_B  congoboy:I did, but at least with you, I can tell what you're talking about. I may not agree with you, but at least your posts make some sort of sense. This Debra chick.... wow, SHE is your new social experiment! 1 month agoflag  reply+1congoboy  Stever_B:i always strive to make some sort of sense. peace 1 month agoflag  reply+5ReverandGThe Supreme Court does NOT have the power to declair the Constitution Invalid ..The Justices swear to uphold the Constitution of The United States. They can be impeached if they fail to do so..The loon filing this lawsuit, needs to find another country if he doesn't like it here. As for Federal Judges who attempt to "make law" as has happened recently and those who are "proven corrupt" obviously should be tried and sent to prison. Grandpa is mentally deficient to say the least. 1 month agoflag  reply0VoyagerFilms  ReverandG:Absolutely right, they are not hired to usurp the United States Constitution although, they do and have the belief it's their right to.  Sickening isn't it? 1 month agoflag  reply+1unimatrix0  ReverandG:A rare occasion where we agree.Actually grandpa is just some slick businessman.  The person writing and posting the story is mentally deficient, twisting and turning a rather mundane business matter into something it is not. 1 month agoflag  reply+1mik661http://www.JudgeEvansComplaint.comrom Judge Orinda D. Evans has been accused of withholding documents, failing to be impartial, and failing to take any action after she was informed that Maid of the Mist managers had committed over 400 counts of perjury. Based on a review of the evidence filed as part of the complaint, it would appear that telling the truth is not important in the courtroom of Judge Orinda D. Evans.William M. Windsor's Judicial Misconduct Complaint has been filed with the Judicial Council of the 11th Judicial District. Judicial misconduct complaints are not normally made public, but Windsor has established a web site so all of the information is available to the public. The web site is www.JudgeEvansComplaint.com. Windsor explained his actions: "I know a lot of people feel they are mistreated when a judge rules against them. Some may be right and some may be wrong. In this case, there is absolutely no question that Judge Evans committed Judicial Misconduct, and I can prove it. Judge Evans abused Alcatraz Media and me from the very beginning of the case. I have been told that she has a history of twisting the facts and the law to rule the way she decides she wants to rule. In my opinion, Judge Orinda D. Evans has absolutely no business being a judge. She is not fair. She is not impartial. She has claimed "facts" in her orders that are absolutely false. I am happy to present all of the facts for the world to see." From what I understand these case files are not public but Windsor claims that he is publishing them to show the world the "truth" but without seeing what documents and facts are actually in the court record we have no proof that the story he is presenting is factually accurate. One wonders why he is fighting this case in the media. 1 month agoflag  reply+2VoyagerFilms  mik661:What purpose does it serve to keep it silent, hidden away from us, the American public?  None.  His only hope for justice is that the public attention will pressure the Attorney General of the United States into action - or shame the corrupt judicial system into following law.You like being in the dark?  Is ignorance bliss for you?  That the Judges are corrupt, don't follow law, due process and that so many prosecutors first priority is making a name for themselves prosecuting bad guys (right or wrong) and that by doing so they are violating Americans EXACTLY as any common criminal does is a much bigger problem than 99% of the people realize. 1 month agoflag  reply+5TheEmpireGuyThe Constitution is the ultimate law of our land and no one is above. Especially not the government or any branch there in. 1 month agoflag  reply-4JahBuLon  TheEmpireGuy:yeah, but the constitution is slightly flawed because it allows cooky ass governments to to flip itself on its head. 1 month agoflag  reply0VoyagerFilms  TheEmpireGuy:Right, but Judges, Prosecutors, law enforcement and some politicians don't think so.  Oh, let's not forget the Bush biased / corrupted Supreme Court.  Another good reason to cast out most Republicans. 1 month agoflag  reply-1VoyagerFilms  JahBuLon:No, that's a human flaw that can't be written out of the Constitution. 1 month agoflag  reply+4libertyforall  JahBuLon:I disagree, it is we, the people, who allow politicians and judges to willingly violate the Constitution. While we are arguing over birth certificates or Palin's latest reality show, they are doing whatever they'd like behind our backs.When this Republic fails it falls squarely on our shoulders. 1 month agoflag  reply0dreamsenvoy  libertyforall:you have a valid point there 1 month agoflag  reply+4mik661William Windsor is an entrepreneur and businessman who has started over 50 companies and is/was the owner of Aztec media the largest attractions and tour company in the world. He has been involved in a pissing match with New York State and Ontario for almost ten years over bidding rights for the boat tours at Niagara Falls. Your portrayal of him as a kindly old grandfather is bunk. This guy is a big time player in his industry and has filed multiple lawsuits against Maid of the Mist, the state of New York and Ontario. Even if his claims in these cases have some credence It doesn't change the fact that he is not some helpless old man being railroaded by the system. I have not seen anything that documents that the Maid of the Mist Execs ever conceded or stated that their statements were false. Windsor admits that there is an estimated billion dollars at stake in the Niagara Falls contract. I would like to see how nine judges in Georgia are supposed to have been corrupted to rule against a Georgia businessman in a case brought by an out of state company over out of state contracts. 1 month agoflag  reply+1PressCore  mik661:Thanks for the heads up. I don't always agree with your comments, butin this instance you appear top be the only person so far who has postedanother side of this story. Sometimes the only way to sift out the truth isto take an adversarial relationship, and cross examine witnesses, as theydo with prosecution & defense. Anyway, thanks for doing your homework.I'm tired of propaganda feeding on fear passing for the unvarnished truth. 1 month agoflag  reply-1VoyagerFilms  PressCore:No evidence has been provided by mik661, only that he states the guy is more than a grandfather.  BFDI'm here to tell you the judicial system is extremely corrupt as I have learned from first hand experience.  When prosecutors and judges ignore or hide witness intimidation and the ramifications of it, it is a sad day in Constitutional America.  BTW - it happened to me.  My life was threatened before going into court and exposing corrupt state and city employees.  Do I believe what Grandfather Windsor is saying?  Absofuckinglutely. 1 month agoflag  reply-1mik661  VoyagerFilms:Is anything that happened to you have any connection to this case? This guy is a mulitmillionaire owner of the largest company of its kind in the world fighting for what he claims is a billion dollar contract. What evidence have you provided? that every single court and judge in the country is involved in a massive conspiracy? 1 month agoflag  reply+1VoyagerFilms  mik661:It's not a conspiracy, it's a mentality and the judicial equivalent to a "corporate mentality", a bad one.  I've witnessed it too many times myself.  When a country recklessly prosecutes, imprisons and executes innocent people, there is a serious problem, clearly.  That you have yet to be seriously impacted in your own life allows you to be unaware of the reality and state of the issue.I don't need to know details about this case because I know how the system is.  Look, the Supreme Court decided corporations could bribe judges and manipulate / destroy the process by which we elect people to represent us - what more do you need to know?The United States is about 5% of the world population.  Now, considering this country's prison population is nearly 25% of the worlds prison population, you've got to consider we either breed criminals in this fucking "FREE" country, or our judicial system is a wreck, a ship of fools victimizing Americans.Every time I hear a politician say "elect me, I'll be tough on crime" - the politician is identifying themselves as a predator of the unfortunate, the weak - THE VERY PEOPLE THE LEGAL AND JUDICIAL SYSTEMS ARE SUPPOSED TO PROTECT.I know it's not entirely the fault of the judicial system, but it's morally bankrupt just the same. 1 month agoflag  reply0mik661  VoyagerFilms:Your own words are beyond anything further I could add to illustrate the value of your opinion of this issue. 1 month agoflag  reply0fun_size  VoyagerFilms:Yeah so the Judicial system is weak and corrupt so you want the Supreme court to rule on it? The highest judges in the land? Sounds like a lesson in futility to me... 1 month agoflag  reply0fun_size  VoyagerFilms:Way to not respond and just vote me down instead. Real mature.Our judicial system sucks i agree. So lets reform it not destroy it. 1 month agoflag  reply0CitizenHill  fun_size:By reformed, do you mean to actually adhere to the constitution?If so, let's get busy meticulously and mercilessly exposing and removing the corruption that impairs our courts and government. Don't you think that is Windsors purpose? 1 month agoflag  replymore fromNews:Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!It's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsunimatrix0 commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  9 minutes agoYes, I remember Kenny!These Tea Party douche bags were practically begging for violence with their "second amendment remedies" and "don't retreat, reload" mentality.... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  22 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. bailey78 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  40 minutes agoIf life gets any better my wife may have to get another job. southrabbit commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThe better part of valour is restraint.   Before rushing into another paranoid tyrade, pause for a moment and realize that if proper support systems were in place, this fellow would have... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog