Democratic Strategist Says Obama Needs Similar Event to Oklahoma City to Reconnect with Voters // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 219Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | November 08, 2010| 104 commentsDemocratic Strategist Says Obama Needs Similar Event to Oklahoma City to Reconnect with Voterssource: http://www.mediaite.com/tv/mark-penn-says-obama-needs-similar-event-to-oklahoma-city-to-reco...An error occurred while setting up video display.JohnA added thisMark Penn, Democratic strategist and former chief strategist for Hillary Clintons presidential campaign, let out the kind of doozy, on last nights Hardball, that must be seen to be believed. Comparing Obamas current situation to the aftermath of the 1994 Republican Revolution, Penn noted that it took the Oklahoma City tragedy in order for President Clinton to reconnect with the American people.He then stepped off the cliff by saying that President Obama needed a similar event to achieve that reconnection following his partys midterm losses. (h/t Eyeblast)Host Chris Matthews, however, barely notices, as hes already started his next question.Heres hoping the President gets to reconnect with the American people using a less-deadly medium. Slurpees, anyone?http://www.mediaite.com/tv/mark-penn-says-obama-needs-similar-event-to-oklahoma-... groups:News, Politics, US Politics tags:Barack Obama |104 comments// Democratic Strategist Says Obama Needs Similar Event to Oklahoma City to Reconnect with Votershide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel-1DogBoyShit mankind needs to be put on the precipice not just a faction. 2 months agoflag  reply+2onemalefla1 2 months agoflag  reply0curtisreed  onemalefla:NOW we are on the same page, buddy 1 month agoflag  reply0fun_sizeWhat an absurd thing to say. Im sure if Obama stopped the zombie apocalypse it would improve his approval numbers too huh? 2 months agoflag  reply0curtisreedI wonder if Matthews would have noted the comment if he'd said it would be good for Obama to be IN the building that was blown up...just to connect with voters, ya know.The Dems are reeling from their "shillacking", obviously and are making NO SENSE whatsoever.  You can tell they are dazed by the fact that Nancy The Queen Pelosi actually thinks it would be good for the Democrat party for her to remain in a position of leadership...they still don't understand what just happened to them.  Talk about drinking the kool-aid... 2 months agoflag  reply-1coolplanetO, so we need yet another "Pearl Harbor-like event" (from the neocon playbook) to bring America together???No wonder the rest of the world hates US so much! 2 months agoflag  reply+1MarissaMFer  coolplanet:Is that actually true? Cause it seems like the only people unhappy with the US are the ones who live here and the ones in the middle east. 2 months agoflag  reply+1congoboy  coolplanet:the thing is, most of us dont care what the dumb ass world thinks of us 2 months agoflag  reply+1congoboy  MarissaMFer:you are correct. self hatred is more rampant than world hatred 2 months agoflag  reply+2JohnA  coolplanet:FDR was a neocon?  But seriously, it's disgusting no matter who says it. 2 months agoflag  reply0fun_size  JohnA:Agreed. 2 months agoflag  reply0dcrog  MarissaMFer:WOW.  You hit the nail on the head here!Leftists certainly hate this nation, and we know the Islamists hate this nation.  So hey, perhaps since the Lefitsts hate it here, and the Islamists hate it here, maybe they can all move to some Islamic dictatorship and be happy.  Only thing is, I don't know how long those Islamists would tollerate the amoral behavior of the Leftists! 2 months agoflag  reply0MarissaMFer  dcrog:-____- That's bullshit dude. You don't love this country anymore than I do. We're all Americans and we all want what's best for this country. We just have different ideas of how to go about it. 2 months agoflag  reply0dcrog  MarissaMFer:But ure not a Leftist. 2 months agoflag  reply0MarissaMFer  dcrog:Leftist as in liberal.  Marissa= Liberal politics; Conservative household values. I'm a moderate democrat. 2 months agoflag  reply+1congoboy  MarissaMFer:hang onto your values beautiful and dont let anyone change your mind unless you see logic in their point of view. 1 month agoflag  reply0congoboy  dcrog:hey dcrog, take it easy on marissa. shes learning and has potential to do great things 1 month agoflag  reply0curtisreed  MarissaMFer:how can the country be run differently than a household?  I doubt you "spend your way out of debt", for example.  You probably don't let foreigners enter your home and eat your food, demand you pay for their medical bills, but if we let illegal immigrants enter the country, demand entitlements, pay for their schooling and healthcare, let them off easy for any criminal activity, that's what we're doing.I think this quote is apropos, regarding the deficit reduction commission:Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., a member of the panel, said, "The greatest national security threat facing America today is our national debt and a Congress that has avoided tough choices for decades. The discussion draft describes some of the tough choices facing Congress and the nation," and warned, "I would encourage taxpayers to view with great suspicion the beltway, interest group culture that often prefers demagoguery over honest debate. In the real world, no family facing tough economic times has the luxury of treating portions of their budget as sacrosanct. Neither should Congress."Read more: http://politics.blogs.foxnews.com/2010/11/10/commission-offers-controversial-sol... 1 month agoflag  reply0curtisreed  MarissaMFer:with all due respect: "We're all Americans and we all want what's best for this country" that's a pretty big assumption.  I've known a LOT of Liberals who, unlike you, HATE this country and see no good in it, want its face rubbed in the dirt, would love to see it collapse so they can build a new paradise like Cuba.the issue is that you, being a good hearted person, have extrapolated that "we all" are the same, and you forget that, just like there are profit-oriented a-holes on the far right that don't care about the long term health of the country as long as they are making huge profits, there are a-holes on the left who think that what would be "good for the country" would be for us to join the socialist club led by 'great' leaders such as Castro, Chavez, and Mugabbe.  There are liberals in the environmental movement who hope thre is a global catastrophe that kills 90% of thehuman population.  Does that sound like just a "different idea" or does that have a hint of true, unmitigated evil to it?  As in...echoes of the "final solution"? 1 month agoflag  reply0curtisreed  MarissaMFer:good point, but there is a world of diff between being "unhappy" with the US-- a sentiment that might be widely held--and wishing its demise.  And let's be clear that there are those here in this country who are in that latter camp 1 month agoflag  reply0curtisreed  coolplanet:how can you accuse "neocons" of Pearl Harbor or "pearl harbor like events" when it's a Libtard in this video that is saying that's what we need? 1 month agoflag  reply0curtisreed  MarissaMFer:marrisa, look at this post from above:DogBoy "Shit mankind needs to be put on the precipice not just a faction."See what I mean?  Here is a lefty who would be happy to see BILLIONS of humans die.are you REALLY a part of that camp?  Are you SURE you are a "lefty"?  You don't sound like one.  Forgive me, but you sound like a person who, in the microcosm, is conservative and responsibile at home, but on the national level, tend to think of yourself as "liberal" probably because you intend no harm to anyone and perceive the Liberals as being "tollerant" and peaceful, while you imagine the conservatives to be intollerant, bellicose, and bigoted.But just look how PBS, a bastion of Liberalism, treated Juan Williams when he stated his personal feelings about the threat of radical islam in the country.  Meanwhile, Fox news has yet to fire any of its pundits for speaking their mind, neither Liberals nor Conservatives.Are there hateful and bigoted conservatives?  Sure.  Just like there are hateful and bigoted liberals.  But the conservatives don't propose limiting freedom of expression.  Nor do they glibly celebrate the idea of billions of human deaths, because unlike Liberals, conservatives believe in the dignity of every human life, which is why they tend to oppose abortion.  For them, it's not an issue of 'limiting freedom' or 'choice', but rather one of defending a human life.  Liberals want to legalize euthanasia.  Conservatives recognize that, like abortion, it will be abused.  Neither camp is perfect, but I'll side with the folks who value human life, and not the nihilist liberals. 1 month agoflag  reply0congoboy  dcrog:yeah, like the islamists and the leftists should get a room. motel 6 has some mighty tempting offers! 1 month agoflag  reply0congoboy  curtisreed:bravo curt! 1 month agoflag  reply0MarissaMFer  curtisreed:Well, I feel the exact same way about people wanting Obama to "fail". Any right wing crazy hoping for a president to fail, is someone wishing for America to fail. Some really ridiculous people on the right still want to secede from the US. So yeah, "we all" is a generalization. Of course there will be some silly people on either side who wish for our country to fall. And we don't have room for nonsense like that. I don't count those as Americans. But, I will say that I'm grateful to have a country that would even allow for people to think that way. That is the beauty of our country. 1 month agoflag  reply0MarissaMFer  curtisreed:In the economy, if no money is being spent, no money is being made. And that very basic understanding of the economy supports how I feel about government spending. I don't let foreigners into my home to steal. But, I do however take in downtrodden neighbors, because, Jesus told me to. It's our duty to help each other out of love, with no expectation of repayment. Our neighbors in Mexico wouldn't come here is life was sustainable where they came from. So if my friend is being oppressed at home, I welcome him wih open arms into mine until he can support himself. It's only right. 1 month agoflag  reply0MarissaMFer  curtisreed:I'm starting to think I don't identify with either group honestly. They both seem insane. I don't have a negative view on conservatives. And I don't think that liberals are all peace loving individuals. I like "socialist" stuff like public schools, universal health care, and welfare. :) And still at the same time, I think that society should be competent enough to run self sufficient businesses without government intervention. I think we have the right to say whatever we want (whenever we want) even if someone is offended. I value life. But, I will not impose my personal choices or values on some one else.And I think that these ideals are compatible with each other. I'm not a radical leftist or a right wing nut job. Most of my values politically are in line with the Democratic party. But, I have conservative values concerning my own family. 1 month agoflag  reply+1congoboy  MarissaMFer:hang onto your ideals beautiful and dont let anyone tell you how to think 1 month agoflag  reply0curtisreed  MarissaMFer:I disagree.  If an individual believes that a president's proposed policies will destroy the country, then wishing him to fail in his ability to pass that legislation is NOT "hoping the country fails", but rather, hoping the individual fails in order to save the country.What if we somehow elected a guy to office that wanted to exterminate Jews.  Would you hope he failed?  Of course you would, because clearly that policy is genocidal, evil, un-American, and ultimately destructive to the country.  You would not be a traitor for wanting him to fail, just because he's President.  You'd be a patriot for resisting his form of tyranny.Problem is, you sympathise with Obama, so you may not see his policies in the same way as someone like Rush Limbaugh, who said he wished Obama would fail.But Limbaugh's position is NOT that he wants the country to fail.  He believes that Obama's policies will severely damage the country and he wants to protect the country.  He's a patriot in his own way.Were the democrats who hoped tha tBush would fail to win his second election "traitors" forhoping he would fail in his election bid?  Of course not.  What's the difference then between hoping he fails to win re-election, or hoping he fails to pass a tax break for the rich, or hoping he fails to win support to start a war in Iraq, etc.  No difference.As for secession, my dear, the states are sovereign and are a part of the union for only so long as the governed give their consent.  If the government continues down a path of increased tyranny and irresponsibility, it's not crazy to say "enough is enough.  Good luck with that."A Liberal friend of mine tried to tell me that the Civil War "settled the issue of the states' right to secede."  I disagree.  The result was that the South didn't have the STRENGTH to secede, but that didn't end the issue about whether a state as the moral or legal RIGHT to secede.You wouldn't propose that a woman has no right to divorce from her husband without his consent, would you?  Even if that husband beats her and threatens her and even harms your children?How is the issue of secession different? 1 month agoflag  reply0MarissaMFer  curtisreed:The thing is that I see no basis on why anyone would be so radically opposed to Obama. To me he seems to be too moderate. I was hoping for a real change. But he's so busy trying to appeal to the right that he cannot take a firm stand for or against any policies. And if you hope that no policy of Obama passes (health care for example), to me that is not a good representation of what the people want. To me, that's Republicans and Blue Dog Democrats playing politics. Fear mongering by misinforming the public to protect big business. And that's bullshit. In my mind, that is hoping for this country to fail. At least the democrats had  basis to oppose Bush. He was incompetent.What has Obama proposed that would destroy the country. Obviously, we don't see eye to eye about the economy. Where is true that to continually make cuts from the bottom of any business, state or city ruins the economy even further because those people are now jobless and unable to pay bills, let alone go shopping. That turns into a vicious cycle.. Where if no money is being spent, then no money is being made. The government has to invest in the country to keep the economy going.As for the secession thing... I can't agree. That sounds ridiculous. And extreme in the most unsettling way. No one is being beaten by the federal government. States have enough freedom. And to me, anyone who thinks seceding is a good idea is a nut job. I would not be able to take them seriously. 1 month agoflag  reply+5JohnAHEY CURRENT, COULD WE GET THE SPAM FILTER CRANKED UP A LITTLE?  HOLY CHRIST!  WTF!! 2 months agoflag  reply+4MarissaMFerThat was really stupid. But, I'll take that comment with a grain of salt. I'm starting to think all politicians lose their sense of humanity once they're elected. All they care about is winning or losing. They don't care about any of us. So whatever. Obama would need to actually make some progress in office in order to reconnect with the American people. And it'll be pretty impossible now that the Republicans are the House majority now. He missed his chance. Now we're gonna let the crazies run this country into the ground. 2 months agoflag  reply+1CitizenHill  MarissaMFer:Sorry, but you said crazies?.. Responsibility and accountability are not crazy 'things'.... at least from my pov.... do you honestly believe that we've had much of that in the last 4 years (since the democrats took both the house and senate)?... let's look outside of partisan politics and examine who did what, and why, and what have been the results... ya think? 2 months agoflag  reply+1MarissaMFer  CitizenHill:Responsibility and accountability? Like the Hurricane Katrina aftermath. Like 2 unjust wars. Like taking a surplus and turning it into a deficit? Haha. Yeah. Real accountable.I don't believe in partisanship. Both sides suck. Neither parties have the country's best interest at heart. All they care about is the next election. "how do we appeal to the youth? the old? the middle class? the intelligent? the ignorant?" It's marketing. A high school popularity contest. Who ever has the most friends and the most money wins... And our country loses. But, I have to choose the lesser of both evils, right? You wanna talk about non partisanship? The conservative goal over the next two years is to make Obama a "one term president". You know what that means? Our country is not going to make any progress because your party is so concerned with "winning" they don't care to do anything productive for this country. 2 months agoflag  reply0JohnA  MarissaMFer:Those "crazies" are American citizens who get to vote and all the rights you have. 2 months agoflag  reply0MarissaMFer  JohnA:I never said they weren't. Hahaha. I'm not trying to be a smartass. Tell me, what's your point? 2 months agoflag  reply+1JohnA  MarissaMFer:I live in Mississippi.  I will never forgive George Bush for his lack of response to Katrina.  But two wrongs don't make a right.  George Bush deserved everything he got after Katrina, and more, much more.  And Obama deserves everything he gets after letting oil spill onto our coast for eighty days while he's playing golf and partying with Paul McCartney.  I do believe in accountability, and both sides have been sorely lacking, there is no doubt.  That's why we need to vote some of these career politicians out of Washington, maybe someone will figure out they work for us, not the other way around. 2 months agoflag  reply0JohnA  MarissaMFer:You call them crazy.  They are Americans just like you and me, with hopes and dreams and fears and troubles.  Just because they don't agree with you doesn't make them crazy. 2 months agoflag  reply+1MarissaMFer  JohnA:Yeah. And if it doesn't work out this time around, will vote in some new ones. But, to me politics is nothing but a circus right now. I'm pissed off. Not about the Republicans having a majority in the House.. I'm pissed off that anyone can even be concerned with the whole "winning" and "losing" and "strategy" for an election when no progress has been made on either side. Its an insult to my intelligence. Fuck the bullshit, dude. 2 months agoflag  reply+1MarissaMFer  JohnA:Yeah. The same way liberals aren't stupid. There's incompetence on both sides. It was just a generalization based on what they tell me on the news about conservatives.I know how to think on my own. It just sounded good in my head. Hahaha. 2 months agoflag  reply+1JohnA  MarissaMFer:It's the two party system, there is no third choice.  Welcome to America.  Every election is the lessor of two evils because there is no third choice.  It sucks, I've said so for years, but those are the rules we play.  So you can either start a third party, with no hope of winning, or you can try to take over one of the two existing parties.  The Tea Party as a third party, as some envisioned them to be, would be powerless.  By mounting a bid to take over the Republican party from the neocons, they have real power. 2 months agoflag  reply+1JohnA  MarissaMFer:You are right, it is a football game, and it shouldn't be.  It does boil down to your team against my team, and that is sad, and mostly unproductive.  But it is a product of the system, not the people.  There are two parties, so which one are you going with?  I have a very good friend from England, they have a third party, and a fourth, and a fifth.  I wish it were like that here.  We are more complex than just blue or red.  I think we are.  I know we are. 2 months agoflag  reply-1MarissaMFer  JohnA:I don't think a third party would make a difference anyway even if they had a chance. And actually, I think the Tea Party is detrimental to the Republican Party. I feel like it's going to divide the party. Radicals scare the shit out of moderates. I'm just ready for a government that caters to the needs of society. Not big companies. Republicans AND Democrats are guilty of that. Which is why we have shitty "health care reform". And Obama is more concerned with being reelected that he can't take a firm stance on ANYTHING. 2 months agoflag  reply-1MarissaMFer  JohnA:It is a product of the people. Having more than one party would require people to think critically. People would rather just go with whatever the box tells them. 2 months agoflag  reply+1JohnA  MarissaMFer:Well, maybe I give the people too much credit.  I hope I don't.  Still, I'd rather be able to vote on something than not be able to vote at all. 2 months agoflag  reply0MarissaMFer  JohnA:Me too. But, we have to take advantage of that opportunity. And we need to encourage people to put down the remote or Xbox controller and read. Also, we need to teach them the difference between a factual article and an editorial. -___- 2 months agoflag  reply0CitizenHill  MarissaMFer:I don't believe that I defined responsibility and accountability as the domain of one party over another, although I did allude to the fact that most all economic and regulatory policy has been in the control of the Democrat politic these past four years.So, up till now, the "buck" stopped there.Yes, logic and pragmatism (non-partisan) should be a criteria of our "plutocrat" elite, that we so foolishly re-elect and keep in "power," - - but it isn't, is it? 2 months agoflag  reply+1JohnA  MarissaMFer:I'm in favor of that! 2 months agoflag  reply0MarissaMFer  CitizenHill:I don't know enough about economics to debate with you about that, honestly.Nope. :( It's exhausting to be angry about things I can't control. 2 months agoflag  reply0CitizenHill  MarissaMFer:If we are "responsible" citizens, we "pay our own way," is that not so? - - Debt = economic bondage, so are we freemen, or subjects?Why then allow our administration and legislators to administer fiduciary responsibility like a drunken sailor?And why then sponsor a governing ideal that seems to have forgotten, or even ignored an absolute fact - - that with authority comes responsibility, and accountability, which I think that we can agree on that - there has been damned little of that these past few decades, don't you think? 2 months agoflag  reply0MarissaMFer  CitizenHill:I'm 18 dude. Hahaha. I haven't even finished my first 2 decades of life yet. But, it seems like we've had problems like this since the beginning. But, yeah. I agree. But, the Republicans have just as much accountability as the Democrats. I don't trust either one right now. 2 months agoflag  reply+1CitizenHill  MarissaMFer:I like that - think, and think carefully of it all, that's instinctual wisdom. 2 months agoflag  reply0congoboy  MarissaMFer:the earlier that you come to that conclusion the happier and freer youll be in life 2 months agoflag  reply+1AreOh  JohnA:Impressive, John. There are not many moments we agree, but this is definitely one of them.As a country, I don't think our biggest weakness is ignorance. I think there will always be certain population that will always be that. Apathy, though, is killing us. No matter what party dogma you subscribe to, the bottom line is that a few people are making very poor decisions that are affecting millions of people on a daily basis. While living conditions and overall quality of life continue to deteriorate, we are distracted by quasi-issues such as homosexuality, external terrorism, and religion.Until we decide to come together as Americans and make this society fair for all, the downward spiral of our nation is just going to to continue. 2 months agoflag  reply0EdAbbey  CitizenHill:Democrats took control of the House and Senate after 12 years of nearly unbroken Republican rule, with resolute calls for bipartisan comity and a pledge to move quickly on an agenda of health-care, homeland security, education and energy proposals. Sen. Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.), the soft-spoken son of a hard-rock miner, took the helm of the Senate, after a closed-door session in the Capitol's stately Old Senate Chamber 1 month agoflag  reply0MarissaMFer  AreOh:Well said. 1 month agoflag  reply+3EdAbbeyWhat an absurd thing to say!  He should step down in disgrace. 2 months agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  EdAbbey:Why bother?  He probably was talking about something that was discussed at a White House strategy meeting after the votes were counted.  You need to have the whole administration step down in disgrace. 2 months agoflag  reply-3DagumMake it happen! 2 months agoflag  reply0MarissaMFer  Dagum:-___- I knew you were fucking crazy. Hahaha. 2 months agoflag  reply0Dagum  MarissaMFer:Joking. Lol. 2 months agoflag  reply0MarissaMFer  Dagum:Hahaha. Yeah riiight. :) I called it. 2 months agoflag  reply-1addie340Didn't Obama just have the worst oil spill in history handed to him. It is still a nightmare, talk to people affected by this and see what a swell job Obama did. He was in control of this from day ONE, BS  He screwed this up like everything else. He won't take a stand against one of the biggest contributors to the Democrats in 08. What a joke Obama is !!! 2 months agoflag  reply0Nephwrackthat strategist needs to be fired. now. 2 months agoflag  reply0EmperorThanMeh. It's true. Terrorist attacks bring overwhelming support to Presidents. Bush had 92% support in Oct. 2001, THAT'S DICTATOR NUMBERS!As a country we've just been bombarded with coverage of terror attacks and attempted attacks so that we're desensitized enough to actually say something like this. 2 months agoflag  reply+2maasanovahttp://www.archive.org/details/ReportsOfAdditionalExplosivesInOkcBombingWell at least these media people are out in the open about staged media terror events and admitting that they are being used for political effect, no matter which party is in power.Check this mp3 on the OKC Bombinghttp://www.archive.org/download/ReportsOfAdditionalExplosivesInOkcBombing/Report... 2 months agoflag  reply+5JohnA  maasanova:It's disgusting no matter who says it. 2 months agoflag  reply+4congoboyis it ever possible for a liberal to open their mouth without sounding totally stupid? maybe we should oblige them with some kind of event. 2 months agoflag  reply+1thetrimsmith  congoboy:Our porous southern border is going to see to that. 2 months agoflag  reply+1congoboy  thetrimsmith:no doubt 2 months agoflag  reply0fun_size  congoboy:Who said he was a liberal? Democrat =/= liberal. 2 months agoflag  replymore fromNews:Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!It's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsunimatrix0 commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  9 minutes agoYes, I remember Kenny!These Tea Party douche bags were practically begging for violence with their "second amendment remedies" and "don't retreat, reload" mentality.... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  22 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. bailey78 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  40 minutes agoIf life gets any better my wife may have to get another job. southrabbit commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThe better part of valour is restraint.   Before rushing into another paranoid tyrade, pause for a moment and realize that if proper support systems were in place, this fellow would have... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog