Schooling: Homeschool vs. Public School vs. Private SchoolHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceElementary, Middle School and High SchoolPublic School vs Private SchoolSchooling: Homeschool vs. Public School vs. Private SchoolSchooling: Homeschool vs. Public School vs. Private School99rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Kathryn VercilloHow to Choose the Best Preschool for Your Child: The Ultimate Guide to Finding, Getting Into, and Preparing for Nursery SchoolAmazon Price: $5.80List Price: $14.99How to Choose the Best Preschool for Your ChildAmazon Price: $12.99Picky Parent Guide: Choose Your Child's School With Confidence, the Elementary Years, K-6Amazon Price: $5.40List Price: $19.95Private School - It's Not Just For the Wealthy Anymore: A Parent's Guide to Getting Your Child Accepted into Private SchoolAmazon Price: $14.95 One of the toughest decisions that you're going to face as a parent is that you're going to have to decide where to send your kids to school. For some parents the choice is easy because the options are limited by funds and availability of a parent's time. Those kids just have to go to the local public school, no doubt about it. However, most parents at least consider alternative options like private school and homeschooling. And even parents looking at public schools often have options such as charter schools and magnet schools. It's a tough call because there are pros and cons to each option.Here's a closer look at what the benefits and drawbacks are of different types of schooling for children:Public School Pros and ConsThe public school is the most obvious first choice for many families but it's also one that can cause them a lot of concerns.Commonly cited benefits of the public school choice include:Convenience. Proximity to home, availability of school bus transportation and other facts about public school make this an easy one on a daily basis.Cost. It's free so you don't have to think about pay for your kid's education.It's the norm. Kids will basically fit in with society after going through standard schooling.Diversity. Kids will get to meet all kinds of different people and will learn tolerance (eventually) for everyone.Commonly cited drawbacks of the public school choice include:Low quality of education. Many people feel that public schools gear education to the lowest common denominator in the school which means that smart kids lose out.Peer problems. Kids may argue with peers or pick up bad habits in public schools where diversity is common.Design of education. The public school has a curriculum that doesn't really allow for individuality or input from the parent. Your kid will learn what the school says he will learn.Private School Pros and ConsThe private school choice diminishes some of the problems associated with the traditional public school but will bring up its own issues.Commonly cited benefits of the private school choice include:Higher quality of education. These classes are generally geared towards college-bound kids.Future opportunities. Private schools look good on resumes and open doors. Kids from private school tend to stick together into adulthood and may help each other out with careers in the future.Close community. This close community extends to parents and teachers and creates a situation in which there are a lot of people looking out for your kid.Less diversity. Some parents prefer that their kids "stick to their own" so to speak.Commonly cited drawbacks of the public school choice include:Cost. It's not going to be free to go here and you'll have to invest money in different activities throughout the year.Time-intensive. Parents are typically expected to be involved in volunteer efforts with the school which can take time.Limited experiences. The lack of diversity that is often encountered in public schools is a drawback when kids have to deal with a more diverse world.Homeschooling Pros and ConsMany parents find that they can avoid all of the problems of public and private school with homeschooling but it isn't perfect either.Commonly cited benefits of homeschooling include:Control over what your child learns. You design the curriculum and it can be focused on the specific educational needs and level of your child.Keeps the family closer. You do more together and this means that you've got a bond that isn't as easy to achieve when your child is away at school all day.Freedom and flexibility. You can set a school schedule that suits your family, travel together when it's best for all of you and otherwise enjoy more flexibility in life together,Commonly cited drawbacks of homeschooling include:Very time-intensive. You'll need to be your child's full-time teacher in addition to being a parent.Difficult. It's not easy to teach a kid everything that he or she needs to know.Isolation. The child and the rest of the family may feel isolated from a larger social group.Limits opportunities. Homeschooled kids can go to college but it's not as easy as when you've got standard transcripts from a more traditional school.Problems separating school and home. In terms of both time and discipline in the home, boundaries get blurred.Alternative School OptionsSome parents find that they can explore other options that don't quite fit any of these molds. Some of these options include:Charter schools. These are small non-profit schools where kids get the same basic education that they would at a public school and there's no cost to attend. However, the classes are smaller so there can be more parent involvement and more individual attention for the student.Magnet schools. These are public schools that specialize in a particular area of study. There are magnet schools for technology, science, math, fine arts and even specialty schools like aviation studies. These are good for people who need a basic education but who are interested in niche areas; these classes often have a higher quality of education.Private tutor. People who like the idea of homeschooling but don't have the time to do it themselves may find that they would like to pay someone to tutor the child in the home setting.Mixture of options. Some kids do best when they are able to combine different options to complete their education. For example, a high school student may attend traditional classes for half the day but then go to a magnet program or homeschool classes in the afternoon.Thoughts on Choosing a Type of SchoolIn order to choose the right type of school, you need to realistically weigh all of the options open to you. Consider the cost of schooling, the time involvement required by parents, the social pros and cons for your child and the needs of your whole family. Most importantly, be aware that you may make the wrong choice. Instead of fretting about it, be open to paying attention to the cues you receive from your kids over time and be willing to try other options if the first one you try isn't working right.The Biggest Job We'll Ever Have: The Hyde School Program for Character-Based Education and ParentingAmazon Price: $2.99List Price: $16.00Parenting Education and Support: New Opportunities (Home and School - a Warking Alliance Series)Amazon Price: $34.73List Price: $41.95Public vs. private: Which is right for your child? - ParentCenterPrivate vs. Public Schools: What's the Difference? - Ohio ...Public vs. Private Education  Parents Eye ViewPublic Schools vs. Home SchoolPublic School Vs Homeschool Socialization - Associated ContentTeen Scene Magazine - Reality: Homeschool vs. Public SchoolPublic School vs Home School - Education BugWhat Should Be The Right School For A Child?Learning Differences, Your Child and Schoolvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (4)Funny Awesome (2)Beautiful (1)Commentsseohowto2 years ago great hub! My kids are going to the public school though we are living in a very good area and I wouldn't mind if my kids go to a good public school. The problem is that at the time we were buying our house, we didn't have kids, not even in our minds:). Now, if we want them to go to the public school that has a good reputation, we have a dilemma: to sell the house and move 2 blocks futher or to stay and pay for the public school. Since the real estate market is down, we've decided to invest in our kids education. But it's getting more expensive as the tuition fees are raising every year and in addition to that all other activites are not free...dutch842 years ago Thanks for answering my request.martin2 years ago homeschooling sucks no friends nobody to talk I wouldnt bring that upon anybodyOnce A Day2 years ago I disagree, Martin. I was homeschooled, and although it was a bit of a culture shock when I went to the local community college, it was very good for me. I'm a 20-year-old with a Bachelor of Arts degree from a well-known private college. Homeschooling is a great way to bring a family closer together, but as stated, you have to make sure your kids (and you) are getting the social interaction they need. I suggest ballet lessons, community theater, or sports teams.Jesus_saves_us_723 months ago We home-school our children because of evolution in the schools.  We have a bible based curriculum.  We teach creation.  Our children are very social.metro1623 months ago In response to Jesus_saves: I think that is a horrible reason. If you really cared about your child's development, you would subject to both sides of the issue and let them choose for themselves what THEY want to believe. That and I'm sure they are very social. But, do you monitor the social interactions they have? If so, that is wrong, as well. Again, if you truly cared for them, you would subject them to different people, even if they are "sinners" or whatever you want to call them. They need to learn how to form THEIR OWN OPINIONS on people, not based on yours, in order to become a healthy THINKING adult. Your child is not you OR the realization of your beliefs. They are a human being and an individual and should be treated as such.schatzie23 months ago In response to metro16: I respectfully disagree. As parents, we must teach our children right from wrong, whether we're religious or not. It is our responsibility to show our children, by our own example, how to make good choices, whether it be in the friends we choose or the path we choose. Sending a five-year-old to public school to form THIER OWN OPINIONS is irresponsible. What kindergartener will make the best decision every time? I happen to have experience in public, private, and homeschool, and may know a bit more about the pros and cons than many. Implying to Jesus_saves that they don't truly care for their children because they homeschool is rude, false,and not your place.livelovecoffee23 months ago This is a very important and informative hub.  Keep up the good work.  Thanks for the articleMiranda_Laney23 months ago This was a very interesting hub.  I do feel like public schools get a bad rap.  I went to one and go to a public university.  When I was in school I had several amazing teachers who challenged me to think and really prepared me for college.  I wouldn't trade what I learned from those teachers for any other education.sciencewithme23 months ago Thanks for this hub! I am getting married to a man who has two children and both he and his ex-wife live in areas where the public schools are not up to even state standards. So we have been debating what to do among us for what will be best for the kids.Sarah Songing23 months ago Thank you so much for the well written hub, Kathryn. I am weighing these options myself right now as I have a daughter who is three and will be starting preschool in 2010. There is so much to consider! I've been thinking about making a table with each schooling option listed and then it's pros and cons. And you already did! Wow. I will be sending this on to my husband so we can continue to discuss what's best for our family. Thank you for a well researched and balanced look at today's schooling options.Mrs Hozey23 months ago Great article. I was homeschooled and feel that there were many benefits. Our family was active in a homeschool group (and church) where we went on field trips that were both educational and fun. For those that do choose to homeschool, please make sure you give your child a well-rounded education and don't leave out things that you think they won't need. For instance, I knew families that only taught their kids English and Math on the basis that they didn't think their kids needed science and history and geography. Leaving those things out will cripple a child for his whole life.ryan025722 months ago Great clear hub. reading some of the comments though I think I should write up a hub on diversity and difference and it's importance in educating children. It is very disrespectful and irressponsible for any educator, including parents who home school their children to ignore that the world is diverse and they will come across difference whether you like it or not. Not educating children about diversity teaches them that their is only one way that is 'right' and every other way is beneath that. Hello that's what western countries have been fighting civil wars, and civil debates for centuries and it seems some people still don't get the point. Well I went off the topic sorry, great hub I don't agree with some of the comments thought ^^. "It's not wrong it's different", a great lecturuer once told me that and others should recognise that, including children.japanese words22 months ago I think they all have their benefits and disadvantages, but a big part of any of them is the support of the parents. One point to mention is that some colleges will look down on home schooling so it is important to make sure that your childrens do well on the SAT. However, I believe that community college is actually a good stepping stone and usually doesn't require them.MichelleKulas21 months ago Good Hub! As a homeschooling mom, though, I will say that homeschooling is neither difficult nor isolating. Sometimes we run into the problem of too MUCH socialization... so many activities to choose from and so little time. :) I'm so glad that in our family, school and home are not two entities... we just consider them both real life.Socio-Image21 months ago Thank YouHeather21 months ago As a homeschool mom (who never intended to be one before I had a child), I have to disagree with all your cons on homeschooling.  It's not difficult or time-intensive.  We get a lot more done in a much shorter time period than the public school can do with 25-30 kids of varying abilities.It doesn't limit opportunities at all.  In fact, many of the top colleges are recruiting homeschooled kids now because of their ability to work independently, manage their time well, etc.  Homeschooled kids, on average, score higher on tests than public schooled kids as well.It's not isolating at all.  This year we had to cut back on our activities in order to make sure we got our schooling done.  There's a homeschool saying: "Why do they call it homeschooling if we're never home?".As for boundaries, why should there be?  Learning takes place 24/7.  Just because we're not sitting at the table with a workbook doesn't mean we're not learning.  Whether we're baking, gardening, playing, etc, we're learning.Homeschooling is growing in popularity.  In my county alone there are about 2,000 homeschooled kids.  We're members of several groups and always have stuff to do.  We even opened our own enrichment center to offer classes that we're not able to do at home, like Spanish, art, yoga, ballet, Tae Kwon Do, and more.Many local business give us educator discounts, as well as giving us awesome group rates to get us in the door when the building would normally be empty due to kids being in school.Homeschooling has been an awesome experience for us.  I can tailor my son's education to his needs.  He'll never be pigeon-holed or forced to learn someting in a way that doesn't work for him.  If he's doing better in a certain subject, we can move ahead.  If he needs more time to master something else, we can take as long as we need.  I feel very lucky to be able to do this for and with my son.Webb.er19 months ago Heather, you are doing a wonderful job and I applaud the support the community and other homeschoolers are giving each other.   I have to disagree with some of your points - it IS difficult and time-intensive. You said yourself, "...learning is 24/7."Some homeschooling parents in the U.S. have NoClue what they are getting into - they think if they spend enough money on 'homeschool materials' that they can fill in the blanks. You are more qualified than most, and you realize that every child is different, and you know how to make sure your child is not isolated or lacking in opportunities.  I see many in the U.S. make the decision to homeschool and end up putting their children back in public school because they realize how unqualified for the job they are.  grenadierok19 months ago Good hub, good information. Thanks for taking the time to answer our questions.sasha corrodus-odom19 months ago Great hub but I'm still on the fence about homeschooling...Maybe every state should have a homeschooling union or association and mothers can get together and homeschool as a group. It will create diversity, socialization, and still offer individual pace education.sasha corrodus-odom18 months ago One more thing.I was born in London and the schooling there is more advanced than the public school system in Washington DC (I can't speak for the other states). I was pushed back a grade based on my "birthday". I was bored all the time and caused a lot of trouble in public schools. That was a downfall for me.However, my mother made up for that and reinforced importance of learning (I'm a proud nerd thank you). I was in music lessons and spelling and science competitions outside of school. So there was a balance, thanks to the involvement of my parents.I am glad I'm not homschooled. It's hectic in my home and I don't like it there and I don't agree with all of my mother's teachings. I was raised by my "village" which has strengthened me as well as broke me down but it's still a beautiful and needed mix to make me who I am.I am in the performing arts. That cannot be homeschooled. I went to a performaing arts school that was not in my neighborhood and was free.Yes, there's peer pressure but I have learned that it is actually worse as an adult moreso than a child. I didn't care what people thought when I was a kid. As a professional adult, my image is very important...So, it really depends on what your geographical area has to offer. Don't be afraid of a public school. If it's that bad, then homeschool your child after school. I am for outside schooling, whether it be private, public, religious-based (I also went to Catholic school and hated it. I couldn't even draw Jessica Rabbit and I thought that was ridiculous).It's truly up to you!Cecilia18 months ago Public, Private and homeschools are not free.  So some of you who keep saying that public schools are free.  Please stop that because it is not true.  We are being taxed up the rear end in order to support public education.  All the money is not even going to the actual school and teachers but to the teachers unions guru's.  The day we started homeschooling our children, was the day that the taxpayers stopped paying for my own children, because if they do not attend public school, taxpayers don't get the bill for our children.  Public schools can't claim them.  They can only claim the children that they have actively attending their public school. Gwen P18 months ago Hi. As a homeschooling parent, I just would like to address two comments made here, about it. Isolation-first of all, I know not all homeschooled children are allowed and able to participate in a lot of things, but our kids are. They've been in team sports, music, gone to camp, done volunteer work, etc.They have friendsin our neighborhood, at church, from camp, from work, the list goes on. So they are quite social. In fact, our kids are sought afterto babysit for others, to do work someone knows needs to be done, because they are responsible as well.Limiting opportunities. Many homeschooled children are accepted to major universities today. In fact, many colleges seek homeschooled kids because they know the level of learning in some cases, is higher than the public schooled children. So no, it's not that much of an issue today.http://www.thehomescholar.com/blog/colleges-seek-iI won't say it's always easy, and as you said, no way of educating our children is perfect, and we all have to do what's right for us. I just had to make those two comments. Thank you.sasha corrodus-odom,Just so you know, most states do have organized homeschool groups that parents can opt to join for support, if they choose to do so.Moonchild6018 months ago I would never accept home schooled children into my college because I think their level of learning is below par because I find most the parents are not as intelligent as they actually believe they are. Additionally, they are limited by their parents beliefs and abilities.To the comment "Sending a 5 year old to public school to form his own opinions is irresponsible"...what???? They start school at 5, they continue to go and be exposed to all races, religions, beliefs and opinions. This makes them well rounded, intelligent, open minded individuals, oh god forbid!! Why would we want more of those instead of ignorant uninformed people? People who want to "Control" everything their children learn and are exposed to, want to make "mini-me" children that are just like them and will never develop real individuality because from birth their parents are telling them what they are, who they should be, how to think, what to think, what to do, and for you parents who say its not true...you're in denial. It is exactly what happens, and you will never know who they would have been if they have been able to develop their own person.CeciliaT17 months ago Moonchild60, sounds like you have turned into what you hate; that is arrogant, ignorant and, intolerant.  If children in public schools are so well rounded; why is it that the school segregates them by age and the kids themselves segregate themselves even further by race, attire, class, sex, etc...?  They are taught to be intolerant of religious people, when some educators ridicule religious beliefs.  They are most especially now being taught only one theory-Evolution. When not all notable and credible scientists belief in the theory of evolution but actually belief either in some form of Creationism theory or both.  I want my children to learn as much about science as they can.  Learning just about the theory of evolution is not what I would consider well rounded.  Not presenting a student with all sides is a great disservice to all mankind.Parent17 months ago We are in a delima. We have two kids we have been homeschooling in a christian pace program. There is a 5 star rated public school very close to our home. They are in third and fourth grades. They have done well in home school. The main problem is my wife wants to put them in the public school because have two younger children in the house along with the two being home schooled. It has been very difficult on her and I have to work during the day. Does anyone have any suggestions or thoughts on this? Please let me know. We have less than two weeks to decide. Thank you.Barb on the Go16 months ago I think you started off with a good idea; comparing the pros and cons of public, private and home-schooling and you make some good points. However, as I read through the list of pros and cons it seemed that the article really intended to discredit public schools. The statements contained words that made even the pros for public schools seem negative.charm_baker16 months ago Wow - a great read and definitely food for thought, whether you have school age children or not.  Also whether you agree or not, as some obviously didn't.  I totally respect the various views found here.  I was seeking an article to compliment my Magnet School hub article, and while I still plan to link to this hub as an additional source of information on "schools", I hope the LAUSD teachers that follow this link are thick-skinned:)  Thanks for the info.HauteMommy15 months ago Moonchild-Do you honestly believe most teachers to be more intelligent than the average parent? You make the assumption that homeschooling fails because most parents are ignorant slacks who hold themselves to a higher intellect level than they truly possess.The fact is, there exist those educators that hold their degree simply because it's the easiest degree to get, not because of a true passion to educate the youth. Though they may be few, those are the teachers I DON'T want educating MY child.I, on the other hand, hold no teaching certificate, but something far more valuable to my child. I have an intimate knowledge of her learning style and interests, and I have a true passion to cultivate those interests while exposing her to more opportunities for learning than sitting at a desk all day could offer. You can't argue with a personalized educaction from someone with a vested interest in the outcome.TNK15 months ago My kids started out in public school.  It was less than desirable.  The educational pace was keep up or get lost.  Those children that were ahead academically were bored.  Social interactions where focused on material objects (who had the best and most expensive, most money, etc.).  There was a LOT of bullying, that was harmful (physical violence).Kids were home schooled as well.  Not for every child, and it should be taken into consideration.  My son does enjoy homeschooling.  He has some learning disabilities so the one on one works well.  He does get social interaction through many community groups (boys and girls club, boy scouts, neighborhood kids, etc.).  Academically he would be VERY behind in the public schools due to his learning issues, but since he is home schooled he has been able to at least meet state academic standards for his grade levels (and in some areas exceed).  As far as college, when he is old enough he plans on taking classes at our local community college and then transferring to a state University.My daughter did not care for homeschooling, although she does miss it at times.  She goes to a charter school, which has very small classes and more one on one support available (6th through 12th grade, total of 300 kids in the entire school).  She does like it, but from time to time misses the get to the point no nonsense approach I took with homeschooling (i.e. no busy work, or work with no point).I think each child has an individual learning style and you as a parent should explore different options to find one style that fits.Moonchild60, a LOT of public school children are coming out of high school having to take remedial college courses. Homeschooled kids on average score HIGHER on their ACT and SAT's.DreamLiving15 months ago To Ryan, I am writing an article on Diversity and Homeschooling Socialization.  This is an area often overlooked by home schooling parents.  Most cooperatives and functions for home schoolers are predominantly Caucasian in America.  Some groups openly accept minorities but others exclude them.  As an example of a television program on Boston Legal, some are decidedly "white."  This is the  choice of the parents; however, the children still need accurate information to successfully interact with other races and cultures.  I am a Diversity instructor who has been recognized at the mayoral level.  I respect parents' rights to share their ideas and beliefs.  But, the children still need to be able to interact with different cultures when they enter higher institutions and the workplace.  For those parents who isolate due to race, religion, or culture, orientation to other viewpoints is wise.  This can be done successfully at home or in cooperative type settings.  Regardless whether another person agrees with the parents' views, the most important aspect is ensuring exposure and instruction in tolerance and methods for global success.  More on this in a hub I'm authoring.wsp246914 months ago As someone who is a parent and a teacher I can set some of these people straight.  First of all, yes, a teacher is (as a point of fact) more intelligent than the average parent.  Sorry if that hurts anyone but it is the truth.Secondly, I find it funny that parents feel they can more objectively evaluate their own children than teachers.  I find it difficult to help my own children with their homework because I feel I am being overly hard on them and do not always know what the specific learning objective of the homework is.Thirdly, it amuses me that someone would think a teaching degree--or any four -year degree is easy to get and am not surprised that people who say things like that often have no degree whatsoever.I know all about LAUSD, too, as I have taught there as a substitute teacher.  You need to look at recent studies.  Testing will show you that WHERE you live is an important factor here.  If you live in one of the "lower score" states regarding the quality of education then your kids are already at a disadvantage being taught by professionals let alone by parents.Public schools MUST require MORE of their teachers than private schools by the way.  On the other hand, homeschooling has the least requirements of the (ahem) "teachers".Sorry to interrupt but when someone oversteps a line someone needs to at least attempt to educate the ignorant or indoctrinate the uninformed.rsej14 months ago wsp2469,I too am a teacher and a parent. I completely disagree with you. After successfully teaching in the classroom for many years I have decided to stay home and homeschool my own children.I think I must live in the same community as "Heather" who posted earlier. There are thousands of homeschooled children near us and their parents are as fully capable of teaching them as I would be. These homeschooling parents are dedicated and eagerly search out the best curriculum and extra curricular activities for their children. Teaching your children is not just stuffing them with information. It's teaching them HOW to learn and how to discover answers. Many parents learn right along with their children and they discover answers together. There's nothing wrong with that. Many teachers in schools just know "their" subject and couldn't teach anything else. Homeschool parents don't claim to know it all...they claim excitement in helping their children discover the answers that they need.Your next point was that you feel parents can't objectively evaluate their own children because you find difficulty helping your own children when you don't know the learning objective of the homework. Ummm....homeschool parents DO know the learning objective of the work because they assigned it. That makes it fairly easy to assess.Every state has it's own testing requirements. My state has none. BUT almost every parent I know utilizes the standard testing provided to homeschool children in different locations. We all want to be sure our kids are on track. Mine, for instance, are a full year ahead.So you see, I have the same degree that you have. I have the same teaching experience that you have. I have children as you do. But we see things very differently. Don't assume that those with opinions that differ from yours have "overstepped a line". Don't assume they are ignorant or uninformed. Most of the homeschool parents that I know are very intelligent people that are dedicated to LEARNING.Just relax. You make sure the public school does a great job. I'll make sure my homeschool children do a great job. We can all make where we are the best that it can be.Dr.Ed.14 months ago Great story with very timely implications. How do we determine the best method for educating our children? The debate goes on and on....Annie14 months ago We chose to homeschool because I felt like my young kids were simply missing out on too much by being in a classroom all day.  When my oldest child was attending lower elementary school, my homeschooling friends were taking their kids on organized field trips to plays, concerts, museums, science centers, nature centers, farms, fire stations, planetariums, police stations, and medevac helicopter tours.  When my 2nd oldest was going into Kindergarten, I couldn't stand it anymore and decided to homeschool them both plus a younger sibling.  Now, as homeschoolers, we've done all of the things mentioned above and much more including seining in a nearby waterway with a marine biologist, homeschool tennis classes with a pro who gives us a super discounted rate, gymnastics, and even homeschool band.  Our homeschool highlight so far was an incredible off-season trip a couple of years ago from Florida to Washington D.C. (We never could have afforded to go during the summer).   We participate in a super co-op in which (among other things) my gifted 5th grader is allowed to participate in a jr. high level Latin/Greek vocab building class taught by a retired teacher. This is something that neither I NOR the local public school could provide.  As far as academics, I may not be a certified teacher, but one child consistently scores in the 97th percentile on the Stanford Achievement Test.  A second generally scores in the low 90's and the other (who chose to go to a large private school for Jr. High) always scored in the 80's.  His transition to "real" jr. high was amazingly smooth.  He did great academically and is also participating on several sports teams now.  For us, homeschooling was definitely the way to go.  I just really miss having my son with us on family activities now that he's in school.  I hope no one sees this post as "braggy" but I felt like I needed to set the record straight for some who feel that homeschooling somehow automatically provides all children with a sub-par educational and social experience.wsp246914 months ago rsej,There are exceptions to every rule.  I am sure YOU are personally qualified to teach your children.  I am NOT sure every single other parent is qualified to teach children.  You have met a certain group of requirements while the parents you speak of have not.  That's truly my bottom line there.I don't know where you live so I can't (nor do I want to) argue with you about single-subject teachers knowing or not knowing how to teach in general.  I know where I earned MY degree we were given the tools to teach more than one subject.  If that's not true in all cases then I would have to give you some room there as well as tell you I'm sorry to hear that.The fact that the parents you know assign the learning objectives doesn't give me any comfort.  As a parent, I know what I would like my children to learn but as an educator I realize my desires may not mesh with what the district, state and "feds" think my children need to know in order to be at least as smart as kids in public schools.(Actually, I have more than one degree and am certified in at least two different states and on both coasts so I'm not sure we DO both have the same degree.  I'm not sure why you brought that up but I just thought I would give you a little more information about my background just in case you were wondering.  I also wasn't aware that I posted anything about my many years of experience either so I'm not sure what you meant unless you were simply generalizing to make your point.)I'm not making any assumptions.  I guarantee you that if anyone else was a former teacher turned homeschooling parent they would have mentioned it.  I DO think your opinion holds a little more weight than that of others since you have some experience as a teacher.  I assure you, if you reread the above posts you will see a few ignorant statements.  (I simply did not want to single out anyone in particular.  I don't have time for a bunch of nonsense here when I have hubs to write.)YOU are certified in YOUR state to teach and therefore YOU are more qualified than the others to teach.  People need to realize that.  People need to acknowledge that. Anyone who does not acknowledge that you know more about teaching in YOUR state than everyone else does NOT have a degree is indeed in need of an education themselves.Remember what you had to do to get your degree.  Give yourself a little bit of credit.  Give all OTHER teachers more credit than those who don't have a degree.  That's the bottom line.mjjdcbannan13 months ago Some very good advice! I just started hubbing and wrote an article on homeschooling myself. I currently home school my oldest of 3, and plan on doing all 3. Your article is great! :)kimbaustin13 months ago Wow!  A lot of passionate opinions in this post.  I am in a unique situation in that my family has tried public, private and home school.  There ARE pros and cons for each.  So far, the best solution for my family has been home school.  And with all due respect to the poster who believes that homeshool kids recieve a subpar education, my husband and I are both Harvard educated and consider our children to be on the Ivy league path based on their continued accelerated scores on standardized testing.  My research has shown that Ivy league and top universities are open to homeschool students.  Additionally, we have a very broad network of home school families here in California, and I have only met one family that didn't take their children's education seriously.  That being said, the choice of education is one of the most important decisions parents can make, and there may be times in your life when one solution works better than the others.  Having now done all three, I encourage parents to keep their minds open to all possibilities and follow their hearts and intuition to determine what is best for them.We may choose to put our children back in the school system at some point, and then again we may not.  Right now, we enjoy the accelerated learning pace, the extensive education including all the arts and 2 languages, the ability to travel with my husband all over the world when we want too, the stress relief of having more time together, and the social opportunities that have opened up for our children because we have more time.What ever your choice, if it is working for you, don't sweat it.  Just stay involved in your children's education and everything will be okay.cmcelvee13 months ago I think I may be a bit late on this post, but I would like to add in my two cents if I could... :-)I'm getting ready to start teaching in the public school system here in Florida, and I must say that I am quite discouraged at the view that the public school systems are getting. Fortunately, this isn't the parents' faults or even the children. Unfortunately, it is through the faults and inadequacies of today's teachers and administration that make this negative view even possible.Going into this profession, the last thing I would want any parent to think of my school is that it is less than adequate and the education here is subpar to what could be offered somewhere else. I believe the level of education should depend on the teachers' ability to teach and get the students involved with their academics. If you can't do that, you shouldn't be a teacher.Also, I don't think the public school system should be used to escape the reality that it is important to be a part of your child's life. No matter where your children are and no matter what type of school they are in, what they are studying, and how old they are, you are never excused from participating in their lives (When I say 'you', I mean the general public).I am in now way going against you say, rather agreeing with everything and sort of ranting on why some of these views exist. We should never have the illusion that only rich parents who an afford to send their children to high cost 'efficient' school are involved. That is wrong. I grew up in the public school system, performing arts magnet, and my parents were more involved than most of my early friends' parents who sent them to charter and private schools after middle school.It really is quite sad what people would do to the image of our school systems. We have administrators who don't care, teachers who don't teach (not that they can't... they choose not to...), parents who find excuses not to be a part of their children's lives, and in the middle of it all, children who are suffering from this push and pull of views from the society.What happened to good ol' days of just teaching your students what they needed and enjoying it?Mnbhndcrtn13 months ago I homeschool and my kids are tested every year by the state. There are a lot of different opinions on how adequate an education a homeschooler recieves. I assume this is expected as we are so different. What works for some will not work for others. I don't agree with all you said, but I enjoyed it very much. I wonder if my first hub (about homeschooling) will get such attention? Didn't realize it was a "hot" issue.Mina Elanie13 months ago Homeschooling is a great opportunity for your children to meet new horizons.onlyjazz112 months ago I enjoyed reading the various opinions and experiences, but that's all that I see: opinions and experiences. I have my own of course (public schooled through 3rd grade, private 3rd-6th, home schooled 7-10th, started college at age 16 and graduated summa cum laude with two BA degrees). I was home schooled back before it was "popular" and believe me, I've heard all of the objections.But really, we need to see beyond our opinions and look at the facts. What are the real stats on home schoolers after three decades of the movement? And how does a parent's level of education or income impact the education that their children receive?In Spring 2008 a study was published on 11,739 students from all of the 50 states, Guam, and Puerto Rico that compared test scores from public school students and home school students. Home schooled students scored 34-39 points higher than the norm on standardized tests.The average composite score in the core areas (reading, language and math) of those students with neither parent having a college degree was in the 83rd percentile. 86 for one parent with a college degree and 90 for both parents having a college degree.Teacher certification. For those students who had at least one parent certified as a teacher, the composite score was 87. For those whose parents didn't have teaching credentials the score was 88. Statistically no difference.Family income. Those whose family income was less than $35,000 had an average core percentile score of 85. $35-49,999 was 86. $50-69,999 was 86. $70,000+ was 89. So, obviously income isn't that big of a factor either.Government regulation. State control (level of reporting/testing required by the states) didn't impact scores either. Low, medium, and high government state regulation students scored in the 87-88 percentile.I could go on and on, but if you want the whole report, just google NHERI and ask for the Homeschooling Across America: Academic Achievement and Demographic Characteristics report.The bottom line is that despite all opinions and any experiences to the contrary, statistics show that the vast majority of home schooled students are way outscoring their peers in public school. It doesn't have to do with money or degrees of the parents, but rather the parental commitment to providing the absolute best that they can for their children.I could debate all the other issues (diversity, extracurricular activities, etc.) and give my opinion on the great experiences of home schooled students, but those are not the primary purpose of education.If a student doesn't learn to read, all the socialization in the world isn't going to help him. If she can't do her math, going to the Prom isn't going to help her get a good job.I'm happily married, homeschooling my two children, and run two home-based businesses. I'm involved in the community and many activities. I've lived overseas, traveled all over the world and have friends of many different backgrounds. I expect my children will someday be able to say the same. But that's just my opinion ... :-)martycraigs11 months ago The public vs. private school debate is hard enough, but adding homeschooling to the mix only makes it an even tougher decision. They all certainly have their merits, and people do have strong opinions on which option is best. What I really think it comes down to, though, is the actual parents and children. The general merits of each can be debated, but it might simply depend on the people and the situation. I don't think there is a definitive "best" option in this debate.Thanks for sharing this.Education Tay11 months ago HelloI have taught at public and private schools to students 11-18 and I found that more students in private school also received private tutoring in addition.  Some school students receive home tutoring as they do not fit in at the school for health, violence, exclusion, discrimination reasons, although these are no reasons.Each learning system has its merits and students with parents should adopt what school works for them.kebbydon10 months ago I enjoyed reading the opinions and comments.  I am a private school teacher.  I have taught in the public school system.  What is wonderful about our country is that we do have a choice.  We get to decide what is right for our family.  Isn't it wonderful that we are not a cookie cutter society.  I do agree that as a country we need to improve our math and science curriculum.  We do not compare to other countries.If you are a new parent, there is no wrong or right answer as to where to send your child to school.  I went to public school, my husband went to private school.  We chose to send our children to private schools.  Would they have gotten the same or better education in a public school?  Possibly!  For us it was the school size, demographics of the school and the average ACT scores of the high school.  We also sacrificed to afford tuition.  That was our choice.  Do what is right for your family.  That is what good parents do!  That is the right answer.samboiam10 months ago Excellent article. I am linking it to my hub "My Sister Ate My Homework."Brendon Floyd10 months ago I think this is a wonderful conversation but I have not seen anyone mention anything about the different demographics public, private and home school serve. We can debate which of the three of better till the cows come home but the fact is that private and home school are an elite form of education (not in a bad way). To compare test scores between the three, as many have done in this hub, is not really fair. Public schools serve ability groups that are on both sides of the spectrum in the same classroom (inclusion). I think that is what makes the public school system so noble and unique; it tries to provide equal education to all (how successful it is, is another discussion). Private schools get to pick and choose their students and home school parents have to be in a solid economical position to take on such an ambitious and important task as the education of their children. I would like see the numbers of how many students get home schooled in an urban setting verse a suburban or rural setting. I would also like to see the numbers on how many home schooled students are considered gifted and talented (I bet it is high).I think parents who have the privilege (and I stress the privilege) to choose the setting of their childs education are also parents who are evolved in the childs education. Research as shown that evolvement by the parents in their kids education is one of the most important aspects to a successful education. I feel this research (sorry I cant site it right now) implies that kids will be successful in any of three environments if the parents become involved in the education.Just to conclude, I do not think it is fair to compare test score numbers, or anything of the like, of public schools to private or home school because public schools promote equal and fair education to all which is something nether private nor home school can claim (this is not an attack on home school or private). People who have the privilege to choose between the three represent a small percentage of the population. Students who get sent to public school get exposed to a more diverse group of people; social, class, race, gender, etc. These kids have real life interactions with social problems faced by their communities at large. The school is a social setting and the interactions are not set up, they are real. Home school and private school can have this social aspect but to much lesser degree and a much more controlled degree. And I do think this impacts the students education and their ability to connect to their community and have empathy and relate to those around them who may not be as fortunate.Will Say Plenty9 months ago You know what they say about statistics.  People don't lie . . . statistics do.  The public school numbers include test scores for kids who don't do a damn thing whereas home-schooled kids are going to be slapped upside their heads by Mom if they don't at least try.christopher zastawnik9 months ago I'm attempting to write a term paper in sociology by conducting a survey so if anyone is interested in helping with this important study on the aspects of education please go to http://freeonlinesurveys.com/rendersurvey.asp?sid=Sheila9 months ago I'd like to thank onlyjazz for her very eloquent defense of homeschooling, especially for setting the record straight on the quality of education provided. The test score comparisons clearly put to rest any confusion about whether homeschooling parents have been up to the task.Further, the below article referencing another relevant study should help to dispel the notion that homeschoolers are poorly socialized.http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2009/dec/13/hoFrom the article:"When measured against the average Canadians ages 15 to 34 years old, home-educated Canadian adults ages 15 to 34 were more socially engaged (69 percent participated in organized activities at least once per week, compared with 48 percent of the comparable population). Average income for home-schoolers also was higher, but perhaps more significantly, while 11 percent of Canadians ages 15 to 34 rely on welfare, there were no cases of government support as the primary source of income for home-schoolers. Home-schoolers also were happier; 67.3 percent described themselves as very happy, compared with 43.8 percent of the comparable population. Almost all of the home-schoolers  96 percent  thought home-schooling had prepared them well for life."Parentofone9 months ago I would like to comment here if I may.  I am in my mid 30's and have one 7 yr old son.  I grew up with both of my parents public school educators.  My mom won teacher of the year in Texas a few times and in our city, several times.  The only reason I mention that is because of the impact that public school education had in our family.When I married and had our son my husband wanted me to homeschool.  I wasn't so sure.  However, as he grew and I learned how he learned it became a joy to teach him.  We are in the military moving around A LOT and I thought that the only stability to give our son was his schooling.  With his dad being gone most of the time I started homeschooling.  We have been involved in many things.  Socially he is more outgoing than a lot of children that we know that go to public school here.  He does have friends from all sorts of walks due to our neighborhood and church, some are homeschooled, most are not.  He LOVES to be homeschooled.  It offers our family flexibility that we wouldn't normally have.  I have loved watching him learn and having the spontaneous conversations with him throughout the day that I otherwise would miss out on.I do have a comment about the Evolution vs. Creation debate.  For us Christians there is nothing but evolution being taught in the schools.  Actually, there's no tolerance for Creation in schools today. So, to me that is VERY one-sided. Personally, my husband and I, want to teach our son BOTH sides so that he will know the beliefs that are out there.  He strongly believes in Creation, but how can he talk about it with someone who believes in Evolution, unless he is also aware of Evolution.  I am not a proponent of sheltering our children from this harsh world as much as teaching them about it in a way they understand.As much as we have enjoyed homeschooling, this next year we will be making a change.  Our church has a Christian School that has classrooms of only 12 students and uses a lot of the same curriculum that I was using here at home.  With him being an only child I want him to be able to learn with other kids right now.  Socially he is just fine, he has tons of friends that he plays with, just not really any to do projects with in a learning environment.  If I had more children that wouldn't be the case, but he's an only child.  The area that I live in has A LOT of stuff for middle school and high school in the form of different groups for homeschoolers, but not so much for young elementary.  I will be able to be very involved at the school next year and that helps me a lot.  This is a choice that is right for our family, at this time, but it may not always be what's right for us.As far as him testing, he is currently in 1st grade and had to test for placement into the school.  He tested well beyond grade 3, so all of this bull about homeschooled kids getting a subpar education is just plain ridiculous.There is no cookie cutter answer that is right for everyone. I think if you have options, then  by all means search those options out.  What may be right for you and your family may not be right for your neighbor.  Also, what is right for your family this year may not be right for your family next year.  Just remain open and in tune to your children, if you do that then you'll know in your heart what the best decision is for you.Will Say Plenty9 months ago I believe the main issue is about qualifications.  Educated people are more qualified to teach and there is no way to get around that.  A teacher homeschooling kids is one thing.  A high school dropout homeschooling kids is quite a different matter.Lyns9 months ago Schooling is one thing in your country of origin but dealing with this in a foreign country is a real problem.   Initially private school appears to be the favourite but this is because you cannot know the full reputation of local state schools before you live there.   Homeschooling is also a problem as getting hold of relevant material can be difficult.   Socialising is really important for kids - I believe that unless you are a qualified or experienced individual, teaching your own children can be a nightmare!  I am a teacher and I wouldnt do it!  It takes a very special person....Read-Phonics9 months ago I am a tutor for  public and home schools.  The interesting thing is that teachers are now the largest influx into the homes school market. Here are the reasons they have given me concerning their reasons:Thinking About Homeschooling? Teachers AreOne might be surprised to know that the biggest influx to the home school arena today are professional teachers. The reasons they give are very interesting.*  In the 60s teachers had more say so about what happened in their class rooms. However the government is more in control these days. It is important to know that the Vietnam War taught us that the war cannot be won from the White House. Likewise the teacher, who is in the trenches (metaphorically speaking) knows what her kids need. Unlike the bureaucracy, She sees them as human beings, and not as statistics. Heck the school lunches were even much better in the 60s.*  Teachers rightfully complain they must now teach their children to pass the government mandated tests requiring them to sacrifice teaching the basics.*  Class sizes have become so large that kids are taught to act like robots rather than individuals. Teachers find themselves having to teach as if a one size fits all...they are less able to individualize their curriculum.*  Recess and play time are being decreased. Many teachers complain this is creating stress, and forcing little ones to fit into unhealthy and unnatural molds.Teachers are getting a bum wrap when they are blamed for the increasing decline in the U.S. public school system, and few people are listening to "those in the trenches". It is more likely that government bureaucracy is to blame. Is it any wonder that so many teachers are choosing to home school their own families?Most home school students out perform public school children on college entrance exams. Obviously most parents are doing something right whether they have teaching credentials or not.Are there some sad stories about children that are not receiving an adequate education in the home school venue? The answer is yes, but there are more such stories found in the public school system. Government intervention is not a solution. Parent awareness and involvement ("those in the trenches") is the solution. That is the case whether one has children in the home school or public school systems.This is not said to put an impossible burden or even blame on parents. I say this to empower parents. The solution to today's education is noticeably coming from you, the people.gurnav9 months ago This is a tough one. It is very hard for us to understood how one can achieve home schooling.Read-Phonics9 months ago When my daughter first started homeschooling, I was very skeptical, but kept my mouth shut...after all she was the Mom. I discovered there is so much support out there through workshops, Conventions, legal resources, lobbyists, curriculum, co-ops, field trips, graduation ceremonies ext.If one is in the State of Florida children can receive free college until age 18. Many homeschoolers are able to take advantage of this.  For more information one can learn more at the Florida Parent Educators Association http://www.fpea.com/Will Say Plenty9 months ago It's easy to say there are more sad stories in the public school system than homeschooling . . . especially HERE where no one can truly prove anything.Plus--HELLO--there are more kids in public school than in homeschooling so the number of sad stories would HAVE to be higher--duh!Read-Phonics9 months ago Home School is not right for everyone.  Each situation is unique, and each parent knows their situation better than anyone else. But here are some statistics:Standardized test results for 16,000 home educated children, grades K-12, were analyzed in 1994 by researcher Dr. Brian Ray. He found the nationwide grand mean in reading for homeschoolers was at the 79th percentile; for language and math, the 73rd percentile. This ranking means home-educated students performed better than approximately 77% of the sample population on whom the test was normed. Nearly 80% of homeschooled children achieved individual scores above the national average and 54.7% of the 16,000 homeschoolers achieved individual scores in the top quarter of the population, more than double the number of conventional school students who score in the top quarter. 1Current estimates place the number of home-educated students in the United States at 2 million and growing. Homeschooling is now a legal option for parents in all 50 states. Every year a significant portion of these students seek higher education. Individualized training with its multiple and varied alternative approaches cannot be measured accurately by traditional transcripts. Some parents feel that grades are unnecessary and class rank is irrelevant. So how should admissions officers deal with these unusual cases?The source is HSLDAhttp://www.hslda.org/docs/nche/000000/00000017.aspLance Spencer7 months ago Homeschooling is not a good option for college bound children or creating open minded well rounded children.I was Homeschooled my entire life. I never went to a public school or prvate school establishment. I am 25 now and I am still working on getting my undergraduate degree in business marketing.My Homeschool days have left me with a sense of loss and misfortune. Although I do not believe this choice to be the wrong choice for certain families, I just think that most adults and families are not structured in such a way to create a well rounded education and social life for their children.I was raised Christian Baptist and lived in a very strict home. My parents are smart loving people but they were not ready nor willing to create an educational and social environment that benefited me the most. In homechooling parents have the benefit of monopolising everything that thier children learn. To some, this might be a good thing but I will attempt to convince you otherwise due to my experience.My years in grade school were fun and I had a lot of friends. I was one of the cool kids in the homeschool community mainly due to my parents involvement in leaderships rolls. I spent most of my days looking forward to getting to see my friends while watching tv and playing outside with my brother. We loved life to a certain point while the wool was pulled over our eyes. We graduated from highschool and then both went to community college. both me and my brother had a very hard time in classes and making new friends. We were not use to getting up at a certain time nor able to keep up with the school work load. We are both very smart but the topics we were learning about were different than anything we had learned in the past. Most of my educations was focused on writing, christian phylosophy, christian history etc. We were horrified and still are about the prospect of taking tests due to never being exposed to such scrutiny of our knowledge of a specific subject.I quickly became very depressed and start failing school. Because I had been duped my entire life, I turned from christianity and everything my parents taught me because it was all based on christianity. We were both taken by the idea of science and now we are both Agnostics.I think I am an open minded individual who puts science before non proven belief systems. I of course believe this to be a great trait of mine but christians be ware of the potential risks you put upon your child if you want he or she to believe a certain thing. My parents were convinced that if they tought me to think outside of the box then I would end with a strong belief in the bible, but the bible has many flaws so thus I rejected all of it, even though it has a lot of great life lessons to teach. Most of my homeschool friends and colleages have not been successfull in life and are unable to complete their lifes due to unknown reasons.Let this just be a lesson to anyone wanting to homeschool their children, that if you put your child in a certain situation and control every aspect of their lives, they will either reject your teachings or never be able to move past what they are lacking in their lives.I'm not sure why most of my friends have not been successfull in their lives but I can only blame it on homeschooling, it the one thing we all had in common.Silver Poet7 months ago Good hub that looks at the issues honestly.  Homeschoolers can feel less isolated if they add in extracurricular activities such as gymnastics, sports, and field trips.sporn6 months ago I don't think home schooling is healthy for anyone. Developing social skills and learning to interact with children the same age is more important than pretty much anything you'll learn at school.Read-Phonics6 months ago I know of a teacher who home schooled her 7 children because they moved to an wilderness area.  all seven of her children received scholarships to Yale University.bluestreak6 months ago After reading these comments, I'm left with a sense that the main argument for home schooling is an individualized, specific education.  One poster even said that their son would not have to be pigeon-holed into learning at an unfavorable pace or in a manner that did not work for him.  As a parent, I would never want my children to be home schooeld for this exact argument.  In life, things aren't always going to work out doing it your way or at your own pace.  When you are working in the real world, you are going to be in situations where you just have to overcome adversity to get something done.  Maybe your boss wants you to go about something in a specific way or you are on a certain timeline.  As a parent, I would rather have a child that knew how to adapt to any learning pace or style (something achieved through having different classes with different teachers) so they could effectively function in the real world.  I WOULD want my child to, in a few circumstances, be forced to learn  something in a way that is not best for them because that is the most accurate representation of the real world.  A world where one must be diverse and learn to deal with a variety of obstacles to succeed.Joyful Pamela6 months ago Excellent article! This will be our 12th year homeschooling. Although we feel it is the best thing for our children, I realize it may not be the best decision for everyone. Thank you for your clear cut pros and cons list. I'm sure it has helped many people consider their options.#305 months ago As a homeschooler myself, me and my parents have been considering going to public school. One problem though is how they basically act like God doesn't exist. Everybody has their opinions, and having a strong Christian family who teach me right from wrong doesn't mean they teach me what to think or how to. I choose how I live, but my parents guide me. And that's nothing they've "forced" upon me. I've always been advanced in learning. And even though my friends are smart, most of the time they worry about the other things at school other than grades. But hey there are both really smart homeschoolers and public schoolers. But I do think it is wrong for people to say things when they don't even know anything about homeschooling. But whatever. It's okay. Oh and I used to get picked on because I didn't go to public school but I've realized you have to be social and you can't just hide at home. Get out do stuff. I play sports on a highly competitive level but sometimes I just hangout with some friends. I hope y'all have a good day! (: God bless.Broc-cool-i4 months ago This is a very informative hub:) There seems to be a sort of stereotype homeschooler, and I want to make it clear that not all kids learning at home are the same. Many kids that I have read about are very religious (not necessarily a bad thing-not trying to offend) and are very controlled by their parents in what they learn, and why. I don't agree with parents selecting only the subjects they believe in. My personal homeschool experience was very open, and I feel like I was given my own choices on what to believe. I did go to public school for a few years, which was better for social experience than actually learning academically. So, in my opinion, one should choose their child's schooling based on what they want for their kids and what works best for the family. There are good things about every option!PassinItAlong4 months ago Insightful hub!Private school could give the best for me but that is because i can afford to give my children this type of education.But personally, charter and magnet schools offers the greatest deals.Darla4 months ago I am a home schooling mom of 14 years plus. While quickly reading through some of the comments listed here one thing is sure; I still hear the same comments from years ago. To all of you commenter's who have never home schooled, or, been a part of a home school community; shame on you for commenting negatively without any experience in the subject matter! Educate yourself and quit putting down the home school arena. No one gives more attention and direction and opportunity to a child than a home school mom/dad. Quit limiting what we say in brief. Your uneducated in the field of home schooling and it's very obivious by your comments. If done right, (to the best ability) a home school person exceeds in all areas of life: time management, personal development, independence, socialization, academics, vocation, college education, extra curricular activities, maturity, morals and ethics, responsibility, and more.No, there is not a perfect home school - or any other school. No, there isn't a perfect student schooled from home - or from any other school. No, there isn't a perfect parent, home, education, etc. anywhere.So please, already, realize that we have choices and thank God for this; you go to school where you want to or send your kids, and we made our choice to work very hard and home school. We wish you the best and for once, just wish us the best and maybe just maybe, educate yourself in home schooling, and realize we are successful too!Aais4 months ago I was homeschooled my first year but then decided to attend a charter school the next because I thought my schooling was insufficient in some areas (math/science)and college level in others (english). Plus, I wanted to know more kids. So I attended a charter. Even there I had problems. Nobody cared about learning or college for that matter and the teachers hated their job and had low expectations for the kids. So, the following two years of highschool, I attended a community college. There, I was able to pursue whatever I wanted as long as I still attained all my highschool requisites. By the time I graduated from highschool, I had almost two years of college under my belt.If I had to do it over again, I would send my kids to private school and possibly dual enroll at a local college.paulstephenuk3 months ago Public school never did me any harm... or did it. Great hub with some good pros and cons to help people decide.scholarshipsformo2 months ago I believe in public education because you get to be exposed to a lot more instead of heading out to into college blind.wondering2 months ago Life is a journey, and everybody can't be at the same place at the same time - and might never get to the same place as somebody else at all. we have different backgrounds and experiences.Our children has the experience of all three kinds of schooling and are involved in what is best for them in their journey. they are so unique: what worked for my daughter doesn't always work for my son and the other way around... and they change as they growMattW2 months ago There are a slew of drawbacks when it comes to attending public schools, as many people on here have already commented on. Online education is a great avenue for countless reasons. It allows the student to communicate more frequently with teachers, as oppose to hoping that a teacher will answer your question before the bell rings or get a test back to you within a two week span. Forest Trail Academy is an online school (for k-12) that genuinely cares about their students excelling. Teachers at Forest Trail Academy are required to grade homework/tests within a timely fashion. If anybody is looking for an elite online school, I strongly recommend FTA.B7 weeks ago Online education is becoming more popular year after year.  There are so many benefits to an online classroom.  Many teachers/students are quickly realizing that Forest Trail Academy is an excellent outlet to education!munirahmadmughal7 weeks ago "Schooling: Home School vs. Public School s. Private School".This is a very informative hub giving maximum pros and cons of all the three categories of schools. The author deserves highest appreciation.To visualize the difficulties of the people and to high light them and suggest solutions therof is a great service of humanity. With all the merits or demirits all the three categories of schools are doing their best to provide education to the young generation. This is the world of competition and only those excel who prove their worth to the greater number of society.Education must be imparted in such a manner that it may prove useful in practical life and bring dignity to mankind. After parents it is the teachers who are character builders of a nation. The more attention is paid towards the welfare of the teachers the more better output they give. People as a nation realize their difficulties and improve their lot. This needs sacrifice but is not without longstanding award in the shape of better education to their children.May God Almighty, the Beneficent, the Merciful, bless allokmom234 weeks ago Great hub, written well regarding Pro's and Con's! Schooling is a huge decision, especially when the child has special needs. We came up with a plan, along with the School District and my childs Doctor. He ordered, "Homebound Schooling" during the 12 grade. This is not Home Schooling, but rather the School District paid for a tutor to come to our home three times a week. This arrangement was creative, and worked well. The teacher worked from the Individual Education Plan, and my child enjoyed the one on one. We found other community integration activities to fill in the socialization. Great article, well done!Mr. Smith4 weeks ago I still see a lot of the same reasons that people have had for disliking the homeschool option. I heard them all, from family, and mostly from people I worked with 22 years ago, when my wife and I started the first of our three daughters in the homeschool life.Some people said it to me, nicely. Some said it behind my back in not so nice a way. But the basic problems that people had with it then, were: "You want to make little non-social Christian robots of your children", to which I say- between girl-scouts, athletics, dance classes and yes, even those youth groups at our church, our daughters led very active and social lives. And up until a year ago, our house has been the common hangout and flop for many many college students, many of whom were friends as young children.I'll be putting on the tuxedo for the third time in February 2011 when I'll walk the third of my daughters down the aisle. There are three happy young men because my three daughters are who they are.The other basic argument we fought was: "we weren't qualified to teach our own children". To which I refer you to the "Home School Legal Defense Association" which most of our country's founding fathers would doubtless have supported were it around in their day. Look back beyond 50 years ago when high quality education was the standard. Look at the 19th century authors, scientists and industrialists who were homeschooled or taught by someone who was. Then look at my oldest daughter working on her Phd and teaching college English. Then look at my second daughter with a degree in theater, and the third in marketing. Three very different personalities homeschooling in the same house. It was hard. Very hard. We lived and still live on only my income, payed for a homeschool program, outside activities and taxes that supported the public schools my kids weren't attending. We still live in the same little house we started this family in. But the kids live near us and still come home to visit. Now grandkids are coming with them.To those homeschool haters still out there I say: "Get over It."Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites100Kathryn Vercillo3544 Followers904 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by Kathryn VercilloFollow Kathryn VercilloSubscribe to Kathryn Vercillo's RSS feedAnswers The QuestionParenting: Homeschool vs. Public or Private School?asked by dutch84 2 years ago5 answersAnswer this question Ask a QuestionAsk Kathryn Vercillo a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsPublic or Private Schools which is better for your Son / Daughterasked by browsed 8 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionWould Take Your Child To A School Where They Use Corporal Punishment To Discipline Students?asked by ngureco 12 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsVictorian Schoolsby jim.shengWhich is Better Private School or Public Schoolby GeneralHowitzerGovernment Interference in Educationby Rose WestPAF Public School Sargodha Result + Admissionsby Ghazanfar786Kindergarten  vs  Montesorri - The best method for inclusionby glassvisageHow to Know if Montessori Education is Right For Your Familyby Lela Davidson Public School vs Private School ForumTopicRepliesAny Boarding/Prep School Alumni?posted by Argenis2Funding for private boarding schoolposted by luvs2dance962Post a new topicTagsfamily children home tips internet education Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.576 sec)  working