Fox News Bureau Chief Told Staff To Cast Doubt On Climate Change // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 219Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 15, 2010| 101 commentsFox News Bureau Chief Told Staff To Cast Doubt On Climate Changesource: http://tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/2010/12/fox_news_bureau_chief_told_staff_to_cast_d...An error occurred while setting up video display.TimALoftis added thisFox News D.C. Bureau Chief Bill Sammon e-mailed staffers last December to instruct them not to assert that the "planet has warmed (or cooled)" without "IMMEDIATELY pointing out that such theories are based upon data that critics have called into question."Sammon's e-mail, obtained by Media Matters, came less than 15 minutes after Fox correspondent Wendell Goler reported on-air that the World Meteorological Organization at the U.N. said 2000-2009 was "on track to be the warmest [decade] on record."The missive was sent three weeks after the so-called "Climategate" scandal broke and in the middle of the Copenhagen climate summit.The Fox News bureau chief wrote to his staff that it was "not our place as journalists to assert such notions as facts, especially as this debate intensifies."Climate change isn't the only topic where Sammon has told staffers to tip their coverage toward conservatives: he also instructed staffers to echo GOP talking points in the health care debate by using the term "government option" instead of "public option." Sammons defended the wording, told the Daily Beast that "public option" is a "vague, bland, undescriptive phrase," while "government option" is "simply an accurate, fair, objective term."Read the full e-mail below.    From: Sammon, Bill To: 169 -SPECIAL REPORT; 036 -FOX.WHU; 054 -FNSunday; 030 -Root (FoxNews.Com); 050 -Senior Producers; 051 -Producers; 069 -Politics; 005 -Washington Cc: Clemente, Michael; Stack, John; Wallace, Jay; Smith, Sean Sent: Tue Dec 08 12:49:51 2009 Subject: Given the controversy over the veracity of climate change data...    ...we should refrain from asserting that the planet has warmed (or cooled) in any given period without IMMEDIATELY pointing out that such theories are based upon data that critics have called into question. It is not our place as journalists to assert such notions as facts, especially as this debate intensifies.groups:News, Politics, Green, Science, Television 1 moretags:Climate Change,Global Warming,GOP,Fox News,Fake News 1 more|101 comments// Fox News Bureau Chief Told Staff To Cast Doubt On Climate Changehide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0RMattnerToursFox News if you want the wool pulled over your eyes a disgrace to the ethics of journalism 24 days agoflag  reply0bike10Fox News "Fair and Balanced." 25 days agoflag  reply+1coxian_armadaWTF!!! You have ice literally blowing into your face and prediction of snow in places it shouldn't be snowing, my fucking town feels like the artic when it is on the Equator..........and these people say that global warming is false!! Tell that to the millions of farmers who lose their crop in India. Tell that to the people who drowned in Pakistan. Tell that to the kids suffering from starvation in Africa because there is no food or water. All these happen and your answer is " There is no climate change"....Fuck You!!!!!!!!!! 25 days agoflag  reply+1tverdell  coxian_armada:Remember, it's not even winter yet. 25 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  coxian_armada:Who ever said there was no climate change? 24 days agoflag  reply-3ayipishey it takes attention away from their other blunder.......Obama..LOL 25 days agoflag  reply0onemalefla  ayipis:i love how you are able to entertain yourself and make yourself laugh.comes in handy when mommy locks the basement door.good for you! 24 days agoflag  reply-3ayipisi love it how these "smart ones" are now shifting to climate change..from global warming..LOL..so the "global warming" facts and studies by brilliant mystery scientists were all bullshit and hence null and voided BECAUSE now its climate change..so now if you don't believe their "facts and studies" about "climate change"..your an idiot..LOL 25 days agoflag  reply0coolplanet  ayipis:Do you actually think you can be taken seriously by calling a century of climate science studies "bullshit" and people who accept the facts of climate change "idiots"???DENIERS ARE LIARS 25 days agoflag  reply-4ayipisthese liberal eco nutjob could barely save their own asses and i expect them to save mine??hey why dont you guys AGREE on what to call it first..then we talk because its NOT climate change anymore its CLIMATE DISRUPTION now..you guys are a good source of money...and they will keep on milking your dumb asses....LOL.. 25 days agoflag  reply0coolplanet  ayipis:I've been calling it Ecocollapse for 30 years now but it hasn't caught on.James Lovelock calls it Global Heating.Another good name is Planetary Poisoning.Or how about Mass Extinction?Better yet, Business As Usual...... 25 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  coolplanet:Yeah, Lovelock thinks we have crossed The Rubicon. 25 days agoflag  reply0coolplanet  tverdell:His latest two books -- The Revenge/ and The Vanishing Face of Gaia -- are enormously convincing, especially the positive feedback taking place at the poles causing sea levels to rise twice as fast as projected. Lovelock convinced me that this is an emergency and it might already be too late to do anything to stop.Yet I hopefully think our living Earth is still in control and will respond with major vulcanic eruptions or shutting down the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation to cool the atmosphere.I love the cold and thank nature every time it snows. 25 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  coolplanet:Well, soon you might be in your element.I read Gaia but not his latest books. 24 days agoflag  reply+4JanforGorehttp://www.politico.com/blogs/onmedia/1210/Gore_slams_Fox_over_climate_coverage....News outlets should be open to the same legal consequences for knowingly lying to the populace. Coverage of the climate crisis on the whole as Mr. Gore relates here has been atrocious, but Fox's deliberate tactic of outright lying in order to cover for their political allies is beyond immoral. This is what happens when it is made a political issue. 25 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  JanforGore:Jan, give it up.  Your side has been outed as liars and con men.  For once FAUX News got something right.  I know it's hard to accept but even a blind squirrel will find a nut now and again. 25 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  JanforGore:"Fox News D.C. Bureau Chief Bill Sammon e-mailed staffers last December to instruct them not to assert that the "planet has warmed (or cooled)" without "IMMEDIATELY pointing out that such theories are based upon data that critics have called into question.""Do you not actually understand that paragraph?It is telling staff to issue a disclaimer that the theory is just that -  a theory, and one based on questionable data.To me that sounds like a very fair way of approaching things. But then some people aren't interested in fairness... or free speech, are they Jan? 24 days agoflag  reply+2BoB__YandenberlomIf you doubt the climate changes then go outside 25 days agoflag  reply-4ayipis  BoB__Yandenberlom:give al gore some money and it will all change..LOL 25 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  BoB__Yandenberlom:Who doubts climate change? 24 days agoflag  reply0UtopianSky  IceKat:They are called Republicans. 24 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  UtopianSky:I'm not political so I'm not going to get sucked into that one. But in reality, I don't think I've ever heard anyone say climate doesn't change. The climate has been changing since day 1 and will continue to change this year, next year and all the years to come, whether you believe it or not. 24 days agoflag  reply+5onemaleflahttp://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Features/WorldOfChange/decadaltemp.phpThe world is getting warmer. Whether the cause is human activity or natural variabilityand the preponderance of evidence says its likely humansthermometer readings all around the world have risen steadily since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution. Go to the site above and click thru the time-line.there is no disputing this data. 25 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  onemalefla:"...thermometer readings all around the world have risen steadily since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution."So what caused temperatures to start rising then, seeing as that time was well before man could have had an influence? Yes there has been a rise in temperatures since the end of the Little Ice Age but what else would you expect when coming out of a cold period? Since that time, well over 100 years ago, the earth has warmed 0.7C with some rises and falls in temperature on the way. The anomaly now stands at +0.3C (RSS). "...there is no disputing this data." Really!Why do NASA estimate temperatures in many places in the world?How do they measure temperatures above 80N? They have no thermometers there!So many questions... 24 days agoflag  reply+4onemaleflahttp://more proof of global warming 25 days agoflag  reply-3ayipis  onemalefla:are you serious??  LOL..i think its more proof you dont know shit..LOL 25 days agoflag  reply+1onemalefla  ayipis:god u r fucking thick 25 days agoflag  reply0onemalefla  ayipis:i am curiouswhat color is the sky in your world? 25 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  onemalefla:No, that is proof that somewhere there is a higher power and he/she/it loves us more than he/she/it loved people 100 years ago. 25 days agoflag  reply+4onemaleflaThe Daily Show Debates: Is Fox News Evil Or Stupid? 25 days agoflag  reply-1coolplanet  onemalefla:ROTFPMP!!!Evil IS stupid.And deniers are liars! 25 days agoflag  reply+2ozoneoceanThe only people who feel there's a valid debate should be out cleaning car windows (ayipis and gang).It's a fact, we have actual climate scientists who specialize in this stuff. The rest can GTFO. 25 days agoflag  reply-3ayipis  ozoneocean:what debate?? that you guys dont even know what they fuck is going on  (that is why you morons keep changing the name and I would not be suprised at all if it shifts to global cooling)......that all you guys are NOT really showing any effort at all..what is this limited to?? nude protests and movies??? talking about it on the net?? but when it comes to CONSERVATION..oh no........that the primary solution to this "problem" is buying carbon credits and controlling 3rd world industries??...how can you argue with people who are knee deep in snow that STILL THINK its warm..KIDS..DONT SMOKE DOPE.. LOL 25 days agoflag  reply0coolplanet  ayipis:Rapidly melting ice in the Arctic could very well bring on an ice age within our lifetime by shutting down the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation.Personally I am praying for Global Cooling because I think an ice age is the only thing that can save life in the oceans at this poisonous point. 25 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  coolplanet:Be happy, the ice isn't rapidly melting! Pray for global cooling if you must, but you would soon be wishing for global warming if your dream came true. Many more people die in cold periods than in warm periods. Mankind flourishes in the sort of climate we have today. 24 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  IceKat:But thats the problem don't you see.  Warm periods are bad because mankind will flourish,  They hate mankind and want us to die out so the planet can go back to being an ecological eden.  After all, in thier twisted world view mankind is the problem. 24 days agoflag  reply+1IceKat  MrMxyzptlk:Yes, very true. 24 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  IceKat:I can't belive they down marked you for that...  Bastards.  So I upticked you. 23 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  MrMxyzptlk:I get marked down just for being here... I get ever so upset about it and often lose sleep ;) 23 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  IceKat:I know.  My wife is complaining that my performance in the bedroom has dropped off since they've been so mean to me...  I think we should sue. 23 days agoflag  reply-9ayipisthese socialist/liberals are too pious LOL 25 days agoflag  reply0toastyguy11  ayipis:Surprise!  he can't cite any numbers or studies to back his claims 25 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  toastyguy11:He usually will post the local temperatures for Los Angeles as his proof. 25 days agoflag  reply-3ayipis  toastyguy11:do you need a study to tell you that you are NOT WARM at all??then you are a dumb ass 25 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  tverdell:LOL..so your logic goes like this..its global warming everywhere else but los angeles..and here is my favorite..janforgore once argued that its not warm now because its winter time..so again biblical and catastrophic global warming is taking a break for the winter and will back during summer time..sir ........your a dumb ass 25 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  ayipis:You are the one that posts the weather reports for Los Angeles. 25 days agoflag  reply0JanforGore  ayipis:Stop invoking my name in your bs and lying about my comments. You really are getting desperate aren't you? And you don't even know what the hell you are talking about. GLOBAL warming means just that, GLOBAL. It means more than the patch of ice that may be outside your front door. And it isn't just about air temperature, it is about the oceans which have been warming. And it is about the exaberbated melt in the Arctic with that melt mixing with the salt water of the ocean thus affecting climate ( thermohaline cycle) while also causes less sun to be reflected back into space, causing more effect... see the cycle? I bet you don't. And it is about an overabundance of moisture in our atmosphere as a result of that melt that is also melting permafrost which contains potent Methane that then exacerbates melting even more and that causes erratic weather patterns like snowstorms in some areas with certain atmospheric conditions and winds, and rain in other areas, and stronger storms, and also drought and desertification which effects agriculture. This is why in Asia specifically we are already seeing effects on the monsoon which is what also precipitated the floods in Pakistan combined with meltwater from the Himalayan glaciers. And that is only the tip of the iceberg, pun intended. You really need to read what you type here, because for someone who deems to tell people not to smoke dope, you sound like you have had a sh** load of it. 25 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  JanforGore:Jan, the only problem with everything you've just posted is its been discredited and disproved by real scientists.  IceKat has posted rebuttals to every single one of your points and you consitantly refuse to debate her.  You instead resort to name calling and childish dismissals.  As such I think Ayipis is the perfect foil for you.  After all, why bother bringing up science and facts when you refuse to debate on those points. 25 days agoflag  reply0onemalefla  JanforGore:why do you entertain him?not wot worth it... 24 days agoflag  reply0IceKat  JanforGore:I'm sorry MsforGore, you must have missed this the past two times I wrote it, (or maybe you ignored it intentionally because you don't have the answers) so here it is again:________________________________________________You keep telling us the climate is broken, wrong or just not as it should be. You often tell us what we should be doing for the climate to be corrected, but why do you never tell us what climate is the correct climate? What climactic state do you really want?Why don't you tell us, at what period was the climate 'right'?Why do you never address these points?Maybe you can tell us what is the correct number of storms we should expect, and what is the correct intensity of those storms.And how about heatwaves. What should be the maximum allowed temperature for a heatwave?Can you tell us why reducing atmospheric CO2 will help to achieve these goals, when during the 19th century, when CO2 levels were considered to be at a 'safe' level, there were many disastrous storms, droughts, and heatwaves that equalled or surpassed the ones we have seen this century.What caused destructive weather during the 1700s and 1800s, and earlier? Why were those events seen as natural occurrences and yet you label any weather today that causes disruption as 'an effect of climate change'?Why can't you discuss the "science?"___________________________________________________And now to this post."GLOBAL warming means just that, GLOBAL."So why is the planet now cooling? Satellite temperatures show a cooling trend, with the exception of a warm couple of months at the start of the year. Why does the ultra-warmist Phil Jones admit we are in a cooling trend? Is he wrong too?Or maybe it's just the satellites that are wrong, after all GISS continues to show warming temperatures, but then they have very few actual ground stations so they make up data to fit the gaps (proven). "And it isn't just about air temperature, it is about the oceans which have been warming. "Absolutely true, at least for the latter part of the 20th century. The oceans have been cooling lately, as have lower troposphere temperatures."And it is about the exaberbated melt in the Arctic... "What exasperated (or exaggerated? I assume that's what you meant, I'm not entirely sure what exaberated means) melt?Globally, sea ice increasing and is (as of today) around 1 million km^2 above 'normal'.Yes the Arctic ice went through a decline, as it does periodically, but the ice is recovering nicely now, so, nothing to be concerned about."thermohaline cycle"? Just fine, nothing to worry about there. If that was going to be a problem, why didn't it happen in previous years when the Arctic was warmer and there was more melt?Still on the Arctic, can you tell me why, if the Arctic is warming, did the ice melt begin later this year and begin to re-freeze earlier? A shorter melt season doesn't indicate a warming to me. Or am I missing something? Is it like the ""global warming" causes "global cooling"" thing?  Sorry, but I get confused by what is supposed to cause what these days. All I'm certain of is no matter what happens, man is to blame!!!"...erratic weather patterns like snowstorms in some areas with certain atmospheric conditions and winds"If there's one question I really would like to hear the answer to it's this one; what are those "certain atmospheric conditions" that cause snowstorms, and could you tell me how man has caused those "certain atmospheric conditions"?Are those "certain atmospheric conditions" unique to this and the last century?"...and stronger storms," and yet data shows storm intensity is decreasing!"...which is what also precipitated the floods in Pakistan"The floods in Pakistan were caused by a well known meteorological event. Not by man."drought and desertification"  And there was never a drought until man built a factory?"...meltwater from the Himalayan glaciers"you see you go on about this, but if the glaciers weren't melting they wouldn't be supplying water. So, how much colder do you want the climate to get? Just cold enough so there's just a trickle of water in summer? Cold enough so there's no more glaciers melting?Not all Himalayan glaciers are melting. Not all glaciers worldwide are melting.A lot of glaciers are growing - maybe your GLOBAL warming isn't so global after all. 24 days agoflag  reply0Varex_Sythe  IceKat:"Can you tell us why reducing atmospheric CO2 will help to achieve these goals, when during the 19th century, when CO2 levels were considered to be at a 'safe' level, there were many disastrous storms, droughts, and heatwaves that equalled or surpassed the ones we have seen this century. "Examples please."What caused destructive weather during the 1700s and 1800s, and earlier? "Indeed, what caused destructive weather five hundred years ago, one thousand years ago, one million years ago?  I would guess it has something to do with the way fluid matter, both liquid and gas, physically reacts when it is attempting to disperse excess energy, be it thermal, kinetic, or otherwise."Why were those events seen as natural occurrences and yet you label any weather today that causes disruption as 'an effect of climate change'?"This is a tricky argument.  The biggest problem is measuring the effects and strength of catastrophic weather today and effectively comparing it to the effects and strength of catastrophic weather from decades or even centuries past."So why is the planet now cooling? Satellite temperatures show a cooling trend, with the exception of a warm couple of months at the start of the year. Why does the ultra-warmist Phil Jones admit we are in a cooling trend? Is he wrong too? "Here is a basic science experiment, put a cold glass of water with ice cubes into a warm room with a thermometer.  As more ice melts, the temperature of the water will chill slightly.  Does that mean that there is less energy in the glass of water because it is being absorbed by the ice, or does that mean that there is more energy in the glass of water because the ice is melting despite the drop in the water's temperature?"Or maybe it's just the satellites that are wrong, after all GISS continues to show warming temperatures, but then they have very few actual ground stations so they make up data to fit the gaps (proven)."... You're admitting that data from the satellites which show the planets is warming is not by any means conclusive... So why would satellite data showing a cooling trend be, by any means, conclusive?"What exasperated (or exaggerated? I assume that's what you meant, I'm not entirely sure what exaberated means) melt? Globally, sea ice increasing and is (as of today) around 1 million km^2 above 'normal'."http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/exacerbatedDefinition of EXACERBATEtransitive verb: to make more violent, bitter, or severeAnd why are you using surface area to make a claim that the volume is increasing?"Yes the Arctic ice went through a decline, as it does periodically, but the ice is recovering nicely now, so, nothing to be concerned about."Quote a cubic figure about how much ice there is before you make that claim."If there's one question I really would like to hear the answer to it's this one; what are those "certain atmospheric conditions" that cause snowstorms, and could you tell me how man has caused those "certain atmospheric conditions"? Are those "certain atmospheric conditions" unique to this and the last century?"Well, reverse engineer the problem.  Snowstorms require water in the atmosphere in order to create snow.  In order for water to get into the atmosphere, some people call this an increase in humidity, there needs to be enough energy in the water for it to evaporate.  The more energy there is, the more water evaporates.  If you get enough water in the atmosphere that does not find it's way to the ground again before winter hits and the temperature drops, you get lots of snow.  I do have a question though, during these more recent snowstorms were the temperatures much lower than they had been in past years with a lighter snowfall?"The floods in Pakistan were caused by a well known meteorological event. Not by man."And it is impossible for man to have any kind of effect upon the environment in which he lives, right?I guess if a porch collapsed, we could blame it on the termites and not the owner who failed to treat the wood..."And there was never a drought until man built a factory?"And no man ever got lung cancer before the invention of cigarettes?"you see you go on about this, but if the glaciers weren't melting they wouldn't be supplying water. So, how much colder do you want the climate to get? Just cold enough so there's just a trickle of water in summer? Cold enough so there's no more glaciers melting? Not all Himalayan glaciers are melting. Not all glaciers worldwide are melting. A lot of glaciers are growing - maybe your GLOBAL warming isn't so global after all."Yes, those glaciers supply much needed water, as do nearly all land based glaciers with exception to those in Antarctica.  The yearly glacial melt that they produce serves as a steady and needed water supply not just for people, but for the environments which the glacial melt feeds into.  The problem is not that glaciers are melting, the problem is that most of them are melting too fast.  If the glacier routinely puts out more water than it takes in, it disappears, and if it disappears the water that it once supplied disappears with it. 24 days agoflag  reply-1IceKat  Varex_Sythe:I'm fairly certain my question was directed at JanforGore, but maybe it says a lot that she has avoided answering it three times now.Some examples of severe weather before man could have 'flooded' the atmosphere with CO2:India, 1775: Tsunami (60,000 dead) Japan, 1826: Tsunami (27,000 dead) Bangladesh, 1876: Cyclone (200,000 dead) China, 1876-78: Drought (9 million dead) China, 1881: Typhoon (300,000 dead) Indonesia, 1883: Tsunami (36,000 dead) Yang-tse Kiang flooding (one million dead) Maybe you can find some reason to blame man for these events?Last year in my country a storm cell sat above a town for a few hours. The town was flooded. People were quick to blame it on climate change. In 1771 in my country there was a severe flood. All the bridges bar one were demolished. Rivers ran half a mile wide. Now explain to me why that was natural (unless you can find another reason to blame man) yet if it happened today people like you would be quick to hail it as conclusive proof of man-made climate change.It is good, however, to see you agree that severe weather happens, and it is natural.Agreed, it is difficult to quantify the severity or frequency of weather related events from the past. After all they didn't have satellites and 24hr TV. But to think the weather before 1800 was serene and 'nice' is naive."...during these more recent snowstorms were the temperatures much lower than they had been in past years with a lighter snowfall?"Thanks for the lesson about snowfall. To answer your question, recently in the UK temperatures have been much lower than of late and with higher snowfall. With a few met charts I could have shown you exactly why that event occurred, and it has nothing to do with there being more energy in the system. It's basically a very simple meteorological event. The direction the weather came from was also a cold area. In fact we're surrounded by a lot of cold areas."And it is impossible for man to have any kind of effect upon the environment in which he lives, right?"Did I say that? Of course man has an effect on his environment and to a certain extent, the climate. People love to paint me as loving pollution and denying that it has any effect. People also label me as a climate change denier. Once more I'll say this; I'm as opposed to pollution as anyone else, the difference is I don't see CO2 as pollution. Climate change denier? Absolutely not. As I have said countless times, the climate does change, has always changed and will continue to change. Man will play a small part in that - deforestation and atmospheric pollution do play a part. My gripe is the stupidity surrounding the ideological and political view that man is ruining the climate by releasing CO2 into the atmosphere, and the promotion of so-called 'green' energy which is not yet ready to take over from conventional energy.If we're talking about the floods in Pakistan this year, that event was caused by a well known meteorological event. Or are you telling me man can alter the path of jetstreams? These weather events have been predicted by independent meteorologists."And no man ever got lung cancer before the invention of cigarettes?"Probably not. Not quite sure what your point is though. Were there no droughts or floods before 1880? "the problem is that most of them (glaciers) are melting too fast."Which in a way brings me back to my original question; what is the 'correct' rate of melt? When did glaciers ever melt at the 'correct' rate? How much colder must it be before the glaciers melt at the 'correct' rate? How could we engineer things so the glaciers that are melting too fast are slowed down, and the ones that are growing are made to release water at an acceptable rate? Which one is behaving incorrectly, the glaciers that are melting or the ones that are growing?  What happened during the Little Ice Age, was there a problem caused by glaciers not melting? Would it be best to go back to that climactic state? Or maybe the climate was more correct when there were no glaciers at all?Ice thickness. Ever heard of Polar 5? I don't have a lot of information about Arctic ice thickness, but it isn't all bad. To say that the ice is increasing in extent is irrelevant is nonsense, (I know you didn't say that) extent is important as is thickness. So it's interesting to hear that Polar 5 found, "Ice thickness between 2.5 m (2 year ice close to the North Pole) and 4 m ice (several year old ice in coastal areas of Canada. In total, the ice was slightly thicker than in the same regions in past years."You wouldn't expect a massive increase in polar ice thickness, but if it was to happen wouldn't people be shouting - "climate change"? I think you'll find the Arctic ice is 'recovering' nicely and will continue to do so, not that there was ever anything wrong with it. Just because something isn't the same as it was on the day you were born does not mean it's wrong. 24 days agoflag  reply+4kennymotownIf anyone is waiting to be informed of real news by the so called mainstream media, you will have too wait a long time. Most of you already know this to be fact, but our mainstream media has been bought and paid for. Not too long ago the news departments of the major networks operated at a loss because they maintained news bureaus around the world it was an accepted fact! But the major corporations years ago decided to operate those news outlets at a profit and thus we were given infotainment in place of real news. Fox is in the entertainment field, and bad news is not good news for the bottom line. The biggest example of this absurdity was the drum up to the Illegal Iraq invasion, how many networks really did any investigation into the reasons for war? In fact in every news outlet that was mainstream the Corporate overlords that have defense contracts was given a military spokesman or two, too project what info the Department of defense wanted the public too know. It was a forgone conclusion that we were going to war and heres the propaganda we want you to know. That is a fact and a reality that was later exposed, all these so called retired generals and military experts were on the payroll of the department of defense. It only makes sense that many of the corporations that own the current mainstream media outlets have huge investment stakes in the petrol chemical business. You are being told what you are too believe by watching those news sources. Thank goodness for WikiLeaks! 25 days agoflag  reply-12ayipis  kennymotown:and what do you call it when comedians like Jon Stewart and his "daily show" idiots are led around like zombies for profit?? 25 days agoflag  reply+6kennymotown  ayipis:I call it a clever way to get the truth out to people who are too consumed with the distractions of everyday life! 25 days agoflag  reply+6ozoneocean  ayipis:Oh god, the village idiot is back... -_- 25 days agoflag  reply+4onemalefla  ozoneocean:and the spam has stopped...hhmmm 25 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  kennymotown:maybe you can ask him to get you a job...because you are way too distracted..LOL 25 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  ozoneocean:LOL..i see your best retort is still pretty lame..try moving to middle school playgrounds to get your materials .. 25 days agoflag  reply0Varex_Sythe  ozoneocean:You are wrong for assuming the village idiot ever left, it has been waiting in the shadows under a bridge, waiting for a chance to troll again...And Ayipis, for someone who likes to comment on how other people's retorts are lame, you sure do a piss poor job of backing up your own inflammatory comments.  By the way, what do you do for employment? 24 days agoflag  reply+1EmperorThanObjective news gathering.... 25 days agoflag  reply+2AJILIVIZIONWhere have all the Fox News supporters gone? Maybe they need more time to come up with a ridiculous explanation in an attempt to defend the propaganda machine that tells them what they like to hear. I just had this wonderful idea: what if someone over at Fox News took tons more of these emails and other confidential documents, and leaked them to WikiLeaks?! Oh! What a dream come true it would be. These recent emails are good to have, but I want enough material to build a solid case that can bring Fox News to an end.Its one thing to try to close down a whistleblower organization, its a completely different when its an organization that produces misinformation to convince viewers to support big business, polluting industries and deadly wars. Thats not even freedom of speech, because they have lied and manipulated people into supporting policies and actions that are damaging everything from the economy, national security, the environment, and the overall discourse in this country. 25 days agoflag  reply-3maasanova  AJILIVIZION:Wait a minute, are we forgetting that Climategate scandal was the act of whistleblowers?Even Wikileaks exposed Climategate! 25 days agoflag  reply+3AJILIVIZION  maasanova:Yes, WikiLeaks exposed the emails, but it was Fox that claimed those emails were as much proof as anyone needed to claim climate change was a hoax altogether. The emails had shown that there had been manipulation of a few figures and facts. However, there are tons of other facts and studies that undisputedly prove man made climate change. So, for Fox to focus on those emails as if they counter all other known facts is absolute filth. 25 days agoflag  reply-3maasanova  AJILIVIZION:Fox was the only  American mainstream media outlet that allowed opposing and dissenting views as well as pro-global warming view, but there were other climate scientists, climatologists, statisticians, journalists and even former global warming enthusiats who shared the views that the Climategate scandal was an indicator of a systemic problem within the global warming scientific community.We're also forgetting here that Ruppert Murdoch and Fox also admittedly ran global warming propaganda placement in many of their programs including Family Guy and the Simpsons.Hell, even Glenn Beck said he believed in global warming! 25 days agoflag  reply+3insaintity  maasanova:There is no "Climategate." 25 days agoflag  reply+1MrMxyzptlk  maasanova:Well if Glen Beck said its real then that does it.  It's got to be utter and total bullshit.  Beck is my Zero Oracle.  He is ALWAYS wrong. 25 days agoflag  reply+1tverdell  MrMxyzptlk:I doubt if Beck believes in global warming, he is always ragging on Gore and Global Warming.I think the poster is confused. 24 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  tverdell:http://truthseeker2473.blogspot.com/2010/02/glen-beck-supports-global-warming-no...Nope, not confused. 24 days agoflag  reply+8UtopianSkyThe Fox News bureau chief wrote to his staff that it was "not our place as journalists to assert such notions as facts, especially as this debate intensifies."So, what's the difference between a fact and a notion?The statement "the World Meteorological Organization at the U.N. said 2000-2009 was "on track to be the warmest [decade] on record" is a fact.The illusion that there is an 'intensifying debate' is a "notion".It is the place as journalists to report facts as facts, and notions as notions.It is NOT the place of journalists to use notions to minimize facts.And that is why FOX has nothing to do with journalism. 25 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  UtopianSky:And 2010 is the hottest year so far. 25 days agoflag  reply-1maasanovaThere are two files in this mp3, listen to the first minute or so of the second audio file for the full context of the following quote on why FAIR's Counterspin is upset about the balance in the mainstream media climate change debate:"The so-called "Climategate" email scandal seems to have thrown media coverage of climate change back a decade, WITH NEWS OUTLETS GIVING GLOBAL WARMING DENIERS MORE OR LESS TIME ALONGSIDE ACTUAL CLIMATE SCIENTISTS. Part of the problem has been the media's general laziness in explaining what actually was in the hacked emails that are the source of the scandal; Curtis Brainard of Columbia Journalism Review will join us to provide some of that missing context."http://www.fair.org/index.php?page=3954 25 days agoflag  reply+1riverratt50All main stream news is manipulated. "World Meteorological Organization at the U.N. said 2000-2009 was "on track to be the warmest [decade] on record."From the New Statesman,For the past decade the world has not warmed. Global warming has stopped. Its not a viewpoint or a sceptics inaccuracy. Its an observational fact. Clearly the world of the past 30 years is warmer than the previous decades and there is abundant evidence (in the northern hemisphere at least) that the world is responding to those elevated temperatures. But the evidence shows that global warming as such has ceased.The explanation for the standstill has been attributed to aerosols in the atmosphere produced as a by-product of greenhouse gas emission and volcanic activity. They would have the effect of reflecting some of the incidental sunlight into space thereby reducing the greenhouse effect. Such an explanation was proposed to account for the global cooling observed between 1940 and 1978.But things cannot be that simple. The fact that the global temperature has remained unchanged for a decade requires that the quantity of reflecting aerosols dumped put in our atmosphere must be increasing year on year at precisely the exact rate needed to offset the accumulating carbon dioxide that wants to drive the temperature higher. This precise balance seems highly unlikely. Other explanations have been proposed such as the ocean cooling effect of the Interdecadal Pacific Oscillation or the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation.But they are also difficult to adjust so that they exactly compensate for the increasing upward temperature drag of rising CO2. So we are led to the conclusion that either the hypothesis of carbon dioxide induced global warming holds but its effects are being modified in what seems to be an improbable though not impossible way, or, and this really is heresy according to some, the working hypothesis does not stand the test of data.http://www.newstatesman.com/scitech/2007/12/global-warming-temperature 25 days agoflag  reply0coolplanet  riverratt50:I'm rooting for an ice age. That would certainly clean up the massive mess we've made. 25 days agoflag  reply+1tverdellWe report, you decide. 25 days agoflag  reply+5ThatCrazyLibertarian  tverdell:We distort.  You comply. 25 days agoflag  reply+1Mark701  tverdell:Really. Do you think that FOX "News" reports enough factual information so that their audience (not too bright to begin with) has all the relevant information they need to make an informed decision? Believe me, if scientists and liberals were insisting that the world was cooling, FOX would be on the air telling the lemmings that the earth was warming. 25 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  Mark701:I won't argue that point. 25 days agoflag  reply-7ikkibu_emuqathe reason y its so warm is because nibiru is passing close to the sun. nibiru is the planet where all the so called "gods" of all the religions live at n they will return as the aztecs n mayans have predicted. u dont believe it? wait til nxt year then 25 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  ikkibu_emuqa:That's a good of a reason as any. 25 days agoflag  reply+1echelgreen  ikkibu_emuqa:Oh I'll be waiting and then laughing my ass off when none of it happens. Pure BS. 25 days agoflag  reply+2insaintity  ikkibu_emuqa:Yes and hopefully, they'll be giving out free candybars. 25 days agoflag  reply0ThatCrazyLibertarianWhat scares me more than this is the thought that all media outlets operate in this manner nowadays. 25 days agoflag  reply+3MizPizThis is a completely serious question, it's something that's been bugging me for the longest time:Why do the Republicans not only hate America, but hate the rest of the world so much?I know this may seem like some sarcastic or satirical joke, but I honestly see no other explanation for their policies other than they just flat out hate America and humanity in general. 25 days agoflag  reply0coolplanet  MizPiz:The love of money is the root of all evil. 25 days agoflag  reply+2tverdell  MizPiz:No, it's like this.They wont buy into man made GW because it's a theory proposed by the Green community.They can't agree with the Green community on this topic otherwise they might have to agree on other topics.It's the ego and we all have this conflict. 25 days agoflag  reply+1TimALoftisJon Stewart said it the best...'The GOP should be paying Fox News instead of the other way around' 25 days agoflag  reply+5littlwarriorIts not fair we're not balanced. still makes me giggle, but no seriously does anyone doubt that fox is just someones puppet? I sure don't. 25 days agoflag  reply+3RedHeadedWriterIf I want the equivalent of Fox News, I'll go ask my angry, judgmental neighbor what's going on in the world.  Same thing. 25 days agoflag  reply0echelgreen  RedHeadedWriter:I just talk to my grandparents ... same thing, I guess. 25 days agoflag  reply+1timetidewell, it sucks that the people who watch fox will never learn of this information. 25 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  timetide:All fox has to do is say its a lie and then all the people will beleive them. So really all FOX has to do is keep doing what they do and they will be fine. Just lie lie lie. 25 days agoflag  reply+1TimALoftiscreates a all new meaning to 'We Report, You Decide' 25 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsunimatrix0 commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  11 minutes agoYes, I remember Kenny!These Tea Party douche bags were practically begging for violence with their "second amendment remedies" and "don't retreat, reload" mentality.... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  24 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. bailey78 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  42 minutes agoIf life gets any better my wife may have to get another job. southrabbit commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThe better part of valour is restraint.   Before rushing into another paranoid tyrade, pause for a moment and realize that if proper support systems were in place, this fellow would have... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog