Living through the Blitz - how British civilians sheltered from the bombsHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceHistory and ArchaeologyTwentieth Century HistoryWorld War IILiving through the Blitz - how British civilians sheltered from the bombsLiving through the Blitz - how British civilians sheltered from the bombs93rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy LondonGirlWartime Women: A Mass-Observation Anthology (Phoenix Press)The Mass Observation Project, which started in the 1930s, encouraged thousands of people to keep diaries. This is a wonderful anthology of some of the best of those war-time writings.Amazon Price: $9.51List Price: $12.95Eating for Victory: Healthy Home Front Cooking on War Rations (Official Wwii Info Reproductns)Rationing was strict, and shopping a nightmare, but keeping consumption down was a patriotic duty.Amazon Price: $11.24List Price: $19.95CARVE HER NAME WITH PRIDE (Pen & Sword Military Classics)I first read this when I was 11 - the story of Violette Szabo, who was a spy in occupied France, and was captured, tortured and killed by the Gestapo aged only 23.Amazon Price: $9.88List Price: $14.99A Life in Secrets: Vera Atkins and the Missing Agents of WWIII've recently read this fascinating book about the women who served in the SOE during the Second World War. Vera Atkins sent 400 agents into France, and many were captured by the Gestapo. She spent a year after the war seaching concentration camps to find any traces of them.Amazon Price: $10.26List Price: $17.00Less than a lifetime ago, the bombs fellWIthin living memory, British people all over the country feared the constant rain of death that fell from the skies, day and night. The country was at war, with Adolf Hitler's Third Reich. The occupied countries of France, Belgium, Holland and Denmark provided handy bases for the Luftwaffe's bombers. And those bases were used - millions of tons of bombs were dropped, mostly on the cities and large towns, but also randomly across the country.We still see the impact in Britain today. A few times a year, workmen digging a hole for a new building, railway or road come across an unexploded bomb, which has to be made safe.The bombing raids were called "The Blitz". This is from the German word "Blitzkrieg", meaning "lightening war". Blitzkrieg was the tactic the German armed forces used successfully when invading Poland, France, Denmark, Norway, and other European countries. It involved using the air force and ground forces together, to move fast across the country and overwhelm enemy forces. It was terrifying, destructive, and very, very effective.This article is the story of how those brave men, women and children protected themselves from the bombs, fell victim to them, and lived their lives despite them. And how they came through the war victorious, despite the Blitz. See all 16 photosThe famous photo of St. Paul's Cathedral during the Second Great Fire of London, December 1940People sheltering in Aldwych tube stationChurchill in the ruins of Coventry Cathedral, November 1940.A milkman delivers....What was the Blitz?TheBlitz was a name given in general to the bombing of Britain duringthe Second World War, and in particular to intensive individualbombing campaigns directed at different cities. TheBlitz started on the 7th September 1940, and London wasbombed that night, and every single following night for 57 days.  Itcontinued in London and across the country and was initially intendedto soften Britain up for an invasion.  Operation Sealion, the Naziinvasion plan, included softening the population up by bombing themto smithereens.There had been somebombing of Britain during the First World War by Zeppelin raids.  Inthe inter War period, the authorities became increasingly aware thatbombing could be extremely dangerous to a civilian population.  Thedestruction of Guernica, in Spain, by German aeroplanes revealed onlytoo well the high costs which could be paid. Bythe end of May 1941, in London alone, 22,000 civilians had beenkilled in the Blitz and over a million houses destroyed or seriouslydamaged.  In the War as a whole from beginning to end, nearly 52,000civilians died from bombing raids. Then there came the Doodle Bugs V1and V2 flying bombs and rockets.  Those killed a further 9,000civilians, all in London and the south-east.  The original raidsstarting on the 7th September 1940 were mostly aimed atthe industrial and port areas of London, on the river.  There weredensely populated residential areas near the docks, and on the 7thand 8th September 1940 alone, over 400 Londoners werekilled, and another 1,500 seriously injured.Betweenmid September and mid November 100 to 200 bombers attacked Londonevery single night apart from one.  London wasnt the only target,other cities attacked included Birmingham, Liverpool, Manchester,Sheffield, Nottingham, Southampton and Coventry.  By the end ofNovember 1940, the Luftwaffe had dropped 15,000 tonnes of highexplosives and more than a million incendiary bombs.FromNovember 1940 until February 1941, the principal targets wereindustrial and port cities, including Birmingham, Liverpool, London,Manchester and Sheffield.  The single most violent raid occurred on29th December 1940, when the centre of London was attackedmainly with incendiary devices.  It was known as the Second GreatFire of London, and caused the most destruction of any bombing raidduring the War.StPauls Cathedral, designed by Sir Christopher Wren, was left asalmost the only building standing in its area.  There was aparticular dedication to St Pauls Cathedral by local volunteerfire watchers, and several climbed onto the roof of St Paulsduring the bombing raid to douse burning material and push incendiarybombs off the roof.  Photographs showing St Pauls standing aloneamid unbelievable destruction became a symbol of Britainsresistance.Gas masks Gas pod to protect a baby; the baby went inside, and a manual pump had to be operated outside.Children wearing gas masks, September 1939.Poster warning people to carry their gas masks all the time.Personal protection Gas weapons, including mustard gas and chlorine gas, had been used in the First World War, and in the Spanish Civil War in the late 1930s, by the Fascist General Franco.The authorities in London feared that gas would also be used in the attacks on Britain, and prepared to defend the population from gas attacks.Before the war had even began, every man, woman, and child was issued with a gas mask, and it was mandatory for them to be carried or next to each person 24 hours a day. Young children's gas masks were in a cartoon-guise, looking a bit like Mickey Mouse. This was supposed to calm children, but in fact, I think they look more scary than the adult versions.Babies were issued with all-in-one type respirators. The baby had to be put inside the gas mask box, and a manual pump operated outside the box to give the baby air.My maternal grandmother, Margaret Warwick, was issued with one of these when my uncle was born during the war, and it scared her deeply. A photo of a baby gas mask is to the right of this text, and it's a pretty horrible thing!The gas masks came in a standard brown box, with a strap. My paternal grandmother, Violet Luxton, thought (as many women did) that these were ugly and over-utilitarian. She and her sisters, therefore, made patchwork and crochet covers for the boxes, in order to pretty them up a bit. Violet made, during the war, 3 covers in different colours - one to go with her nurse's uniform, and two to wear with civilian clothes. Glamorgan Constabulary tunic, tin helmet and gas maskThis link shows the standard police uniform in 1940, including gas mask, for the Glamorgan Constabulary in Wales.Gas was never in fact used during bombing raids, and as the war wenton, people stopped worrying about the possibility of gas attacks.Posters went up, warning people that their gas masks ought to be with them all the time.A lot of people, however, found the boxes rather handy to carry their purses, lunches, make-up, and house keys. By1944 or so, Violet Luxton reckoned very few people actually had theirgas mask with them, but almost everyone still carried the box to avoidgetting grief about not carrying it!Nella Last's War: The Second World War Diaries of Housewife, 49A wonderful diary, begun by 49 year old housewife Nella Last in 1939, which details the war, her family, and her life through the whole Second World War. Amazon Price: $8.47List Price: $15.95The First Day of the Blitz: September 7, 1940A fantastic book which focuses on the first day of the Blitz, 7th September 1940, and how London and Londoners reacted.Amazon Price: $8.84List Price: $15.00Out of Harm's Way: The Wartime Evacuation of Children from BritainThe heart-breaking story of the children evacuated from Britain to the USA and Canada in 1939 - 1940, who didn't see their families again for 5-7 years.Amazon Price: $8.37List Price: $13.95Churchill: A LifeThe fantastic recent biography of Churchill by Martin Gilbert - lengthy, detailed, and well-writtenAmazon Price: $13.99List Price: $28.00People At War - Whats the storyA fascinating site with accounts of peoples' war-time lives, written by the people who lived them.BlackoutFrom 1st September 1939, the Blackout started.This was designed to make sure that the cities and towns were as dark as possible, so as not to give the Luftwaffe clues about where they were, and where their targets were.Regulations were very strict. Every day had a designated "light-up" time, and from this moment onwards, until the morning, every scrap of light was supposed to be hidden.Houses, flats, offices and factories all needed to have proper window coverings. These could include shutters which were thoroughly sealed, but most common were special curtains or blinds. The government supplied thick black material, and this could be made into coverings for windows, in addition to more normal and attractive curtains. The blackout was a major hassle. Curtains couldn't just be drawn, they had to be fixed to the window frames, otherwise chinks of light escaped around the edges. Many people had hooks on their curtains and nails on the frames, but putting the blackout up was a tedious business.Both my grandmothers told me that many people just left it up all the time, particularly in bedrooms, as time was short and life busy enough that it didn't matter if the bedrooms were always dark.The blackout didn't just cover all buildings. Street lights were turned off for the duration of the war, as were advertising sign lights and lit signposts.Any vehicle driving at night had to cover its headlights, so that only a sliver of light came through the shield, and use special bulbs which gave out very little light.Torches also had to be covered with paper, so that they were very dim. Initially, even torches weren't allowed, but the government relented on this by 1940, provided the torch was covered by tissue paper. Poster issued to reassure people that the railways were still working, and to raise morale.Hailing a tram or bus was more than a little tricky in the blackout...Each area's ARP warden (Air Raid Precaution) would patrol the streetsat night, yelling "put out that light!" whenever necessary.Penaltieswere fierce. Anyone found breaching the blackout could expect to besummonsed to the Magistrates' Court, convicted, and handed a hefty fineto pay.Fines were set at a maximum of 500 per offence, and a prison sentence of up to 2 years was the maximum penalty. 500 in 1940 is the equivalent in earnings terms of 67,166.07 now, or about $100,000. The blackout carried dangers of its own. Many people were injured, falling over street furniture, wandering unknowingly into the roads, banging into street lamps and other people that they couldn't see.  An Anderson shelter - they were outside, and set partly into the ground.Air-raid shelters in the homeDifferenttypes of air raid shelters were available in the UK.  There were 2types of shelters which could be fitted in peoples own homes, theAnderson Shelter was first produced in 1938, and was a structure madeof steel panels.  The structure was half buried into the ground andcovered with earth on top.  They werent particularly big, theywere 6 feet high, 4 feet wide, and 6 feet long.  Theycould be and often were kitted out internally with bunks, beddingetc.  They were free for a household with an income of less than 250a year, and cost 7 for those who earned more.  A total of 2.3million Anderson Shelters were erected before and during the War. Forsome people an Anderson Shelter wasnt practical as they didnthave a garden.  The Morrison Shelter was a type of indoor shelter,and was a kit to be bolted together.  It was 6 feet long, 4feet wide, and 2 feet high.  It could be put under a table ina kitchen or living room, and was designed to protect the occupantsif the house fell in around them.  Altogether half a million of thesewere installed before the end of 1941, and a further 100,000 once theV1 attacks started. Itworked fairly well, the only people who were killed or very seriouslyinjured in Morrison Shelters were when the Shelters had not beeninstalled properly, or the house had suffered a direct hit from abomb.Manypeople used cellars or cupboards under the stairs, often reinforced,as bomb shelters.  My grandmother in 1943 in Liverpool used hercupboard under the stairs, reinforced with steel planks, as an airraid shelter for herself and her infant son. Her husband was away inthe Far East as a Captain in the Royal Navy.  My Grandmother wasbombed out, a direct hit happened on the house 2 doors along, and herhouse more or less collapsed around her.  She was dug out by a rescuesquad from the ARP, and she and my uncle were in fairly good health. A good percentage of her belongings survived, but the house had to bedemolished.  My granny was injured though, and her knee in particularwas badly damaged by some stray debris.A Wartime HomeA wartime home. An exact copy of a real family's wartime house. Take a virtual tour and find out about the objects in each room by moving the mouse around the screen.Public air-raid sheltersPublicshelters were also built at places along public streets in cities. They often were half underground, and often had bunks and chairs andtables installed.Avariety of tunnels across the country were also used as air raidshelters.  Tunnels such as the Victoria Tunnels in Newcastle, orspecially built air raid tunnels in Stockport, were used by thousandsof people.  Natural cave systems such as the Chislehurst Cavessouth-east of London were also used.Tube stations used as sheltersOriginallythe Government was resistant to the use of underground stations asair raid shelters.  There was a fear that the stations would beunsanitary, and that people would stay permanently in the stationsand tunnels because air raids were so frightening.Peopletended to use these tunnels and stations as shelters whether theGovernment approved or not, and the Government adapted.  In September1940 the branch line of the Piccadilly Line from Holborn to Aldwychwas closed as a tube line temporarily, and toilets, bunks, canteensand chairs were fitted, and shelter marshals appointed.  Altogether79 stations were fitted out to be air raid shelters, including 50,000bunks.  They were not perfectly safe, there were incidents wherebombs scored a direct hit on tube stations and killed the peopleinside them.  The highest death toll was at Bethnal Green tubestation in March 1943, when 174 people were crushed to death.  The Evacuees Reunion Association, ERAAn organisation of children, teachers, and foster-parents involved with the evacuations of the war.EvacuationStartingon 1st September 1939, when the invasion of Poland meant that a British Declaration of War was imminent, well over three million children, mothers and infants, pregnant women, and disabled people were evacuated from cities, ports, and military area.The plan, called Operation Pied Piper, involved trainsand coaches of children in particular being taken from their homes to safe, rural areas. They were away from the bombs - but also away from their parents, homes, relatives, and all that was familiar.For more detail about children who were evacuated during the Second World War, click on this link. Air Raid Precaution Officer's gear - helmet, whistle, and bell.A fire auxillary service unit - as you can see, their vehicle was a commerical one requisitioned for their use.The Cabinet War Rooms and Churchill Museum HomeThe award winning Churchill Museum, set within the unique historic Cabinet War Rooms, combines cutting-edge technology; rare and significant historical objects dedicated to life of the greatest BritonCivilians' WarThe Second World War Experience CentreThe Doolittle Raid Of JapanA fascinating account of the first American air raids on Japan during the Second World War, following the attack on Pearl Harbour.Air Raid Precautions (ARP)Planningbegan seriously in 1935, in Autumn 1937 the Air Raid Precautions Actwas passed, and suggested that up to 800,000 volunteers would betrained in to assist in organising the population during bombingcampaigns.  The Civil Defence Act 1939 stated that the Civil Defenceincluded any organisation that would try to minimise disruption frombombing, but that the Air Raid Precaution Organisation would be thefoundation of it.Bymid 1938, about 200,000 volunteers had enrolled, and another half amillion or so joined the organisation during the Munich affair inSeptember 1938.  By September 1939, there were more than 1members of the ARP.Thefront line services for the ARP were air raid wardens.  ARP postswere set up for each area, the size of the area depending onpopulation density.  Each post had between 3 and 6 wardens, who werelocal people and knew the area well.  They needed to know thebuildings, layout, and the people who lived in their area.  Incentral London, there were about 10 posts, and 50 wardens, per squaremile.Airraid wardens were volunteers who had full-time jobs doing otherthings.  When the air raid sirens went, however, their job was to tryand make sure that no-one was on the streets.  They would directpeople to public shelters, patrol their areas to check during a raid(and therefore they were at high risk of injury), and to check on theshelters and make sure they were orderly and safe.Thewardens were trained in first aid, basic fire control, and were alsoresponsible for enforcing the blackout.  After the War began, therewere some full-time paid ARP wardens as well the vast army ofvolunteers, but the backbone of the service was always the voluntaryworkers.  ARP wardens were issued with armbands to identify them,steel helmets with ARP stamped on them, a bell, whistle andrattle.Manyof the wardens were very brave, and stayed unflinching out in thestreets during bombing raids.  The full-time wardens were paid 3a week (men) and 2 a week (women) and their work shifts were72 hours a week, in six 12 hour shifts.   Aswell as the wardens, the ARP included Rescue and Demolition Services,who would attend bombed buildings to try to support bombedstructures, recover casualties and dead bodies, get rubble out of theroad so that the fire and ambulance services could get through, andthen either prop up or demolish dangerous buildings.  First Aid Parties were given training beyond the first aid wardens had beeninstructed in, and were also stretcher bearers.  Ambulance Driversdid the obvious, and this was an extremely dangerous job, drivingthrough bombing raids in the blackout to take injured people tohospital.  There were also Decontamination Squads who were set up todeal with any gas attacks, and Communications Teams who coordinatedthe various posts.  There were also general duties, which includedtelephone operators, typists, and other similar jobs. A WVS van in the aftermath of an air raid, Liverpool 1941.A bus fallen into a bomb crater.Carve Her Name with PrideAmazon Price: $6.47List Price: $14.98Wartime Britain: Nation's Finest HourAmazon Price: $8.90List Price: $9.95The Great Escape (2-Disc Collector's Set)Amazon Price: $5.70List Price: $19.98The Dam BustersAmazon Price: $139.99List Price: $9.98The Womens Voluntary Service (WVS)TheWomens Voluntary Service was formed in 1938, at the request of theHome Secretary.  It was, as the name might suggest, an organisationrecruited from women who wanted to help with the war effort. Originally it was a Civil Defence ARP type organisation, as the Warwent on, their remit expanded. Thebiggest early task undertaken by the WVS was in relation to evacuees. Members of the organisation went with trains and buses of childrento their eventual destinations, allocated and supervised billets forthe children, and kept an eye on the ongoing placement of evacueeswith families in safe areas.TheWVS also ran clothing banks, set up canteens for soldiers at stationsand bases, and organised sock knitting and glove knitting groups forsoldiers.Oneof the WVS main jobs was to deal with casualties from air raids. As the air raids finished, the WVS with their vans and carts wouldattend bombed areas, and organise emergency shelter in church hallsor primary schools for people who had been bombed out, replacement ofration cards (without which no person could be fed or clothed) andemergency replacement clothing for people who had lost everything. They also fed as far as possible volunteers who were working to dealwith the consequences of air raids.TheWVS was not a safe part-time experience.  242 WVS volunteers diedwhile on duty during the war, and there were a total of 78 EmpireAwards for Courage and Bravery, 2 British Empire Medals, and 5 GeorgeMedals.  After the war, the Service was given royal recognition andbecame the Womens Royal Voluntary Service, and continues socialcharitable functions to this day. the WVS at work during a raid, March 1940Poster advising people bombed outThe Auxiliary Fire Service (AFS)TheAuxiliary Fire Service was set up in 1938, and consisted ofvolunteers who were principally fire fighters but were also trainedin first aid.  Its members had full-time jobs elsewhere, but duringthe War they were an important frontline defence against fires causedby bombing raids.  During the Blitz, 860 members of the AuxiliaryFire Service were killed, and 7,500 seriously injured.  They werevery short of equipment, and lots of Londons iconic black taxiswere requisitioned, painted green and grey, and turned into makeshiftfire engines.  Fireguard messengersFireguard Messengers were children volunteers aged between about 14 and 18, whooperated as messengers during bombing raids to take messages betweenARP groups, the fire service, the ambulance service, and othervolunteers.  These children would either run or cycle through raidsin order to get important messages through.  This was similarly avery dangerous job, but something children who volunteered did withcourage.  "There's a war on, you know" My grandfathers both spent almost all the war abroad. My Dad's father was in a tank regiment, in the Middle East, and then in Italy. My Mother's father was in the Royal Navy, and spent 4 years in the Far East.My maternal grandmother was bombed out once, and caught in a surprise air-raid during the day with her then 8 week old son, who was injured by a flying bit of slate from a roof. She just got on with it (and my uncle is alive and well to this day!)My paternal grandmother was a Matron in the Woolwich Children's Hospital, and spent 2 nights a week on the roof of the hospital, pushing incendiary bombs off the roof, and watching for planes.The Second World War wasn't fought just by men in uniforms abroad. It was fought by the men and women who worked all day, then spent 2 or 3 nights a week patrolling through air-raids, putting out fires, digging people out of bombed houses, driving them to hospital, and comforting those who had suffered from the bombs.It was fought by the children sent away from their parents, and by the teenagers who cycled and ran through aid-raids to carry messages, and the people who organised services for the bombed out.It was fought by the people who held sing-songs in tube stations and public shelters when the noise was too much to sleep, and who sang of how "There'll always be an England", "Land of Hope and Glory", and rude songs about the enemy, such as the... classic... "Hitler has only got one ball".Above all, it was fought by the people who watched, heard and feared bombs falling over their heads, night after night, and who got up in the morning, came out of the shelters, propped their eyes open with a cup of tea, and got on with their lives anyway, making sure the war was won. vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny (1)Awesome Beautiful History: The sinking of the Lusitania: A survivor's storyHistory: Katherine Swynford: how a Duke's Mistress became the ancestor of royaltyCommentsrobie221 months ago What a wonderful, meaty, detail-packed hub, London Girl.  I really love that women quilted and crocheted covers for their gas masks.... that was the wartime spirit in a nutshell.  Where did you find those wonderful videos and pictures?  I really enjoyed this. "V" for victory on this one for sure:-)Teresa McGurk21 months ago Oh this made me cry and cry.  I don't know what it is about the indomitable spirit of folk who can work together so courageously in times of need, yet who would not ordinarily say hello to each other -- the Blitz must have been terrifying, and the kids who were evacuated to the country must have been so frightened --Great hub -- wonderful presentation of photos and videos, too.  Your research skills really come to the fore here.  -- I couldn't watch the videos (I knew they would make me cry even more), but will come back to do that.  This is very well organized and presented.  (Is there perhaps a capsule missing at the end?  I know sometimes longer hubs are more difficult to post properly.)  I'm going to email it to my mum, I know it'll be of great interest to her, too. Thanks!LondonGirl21 months ago Glad you enjoyed it! Nanna and her sisters weren't going to let any war spoil the look of their clothes with a tatty cardboard box (-:I collect and squirrel away relevant photos and videos, against the day when they might come in handy for a hub.LondonGirl21 months ago Hi Teresa - you are right, the concluding text seems to have gone AWOL! I'll try to chase it down.I'm glad you found it of interest - Belfast had a nasty time, I think, as well?Patty Inglish21 months ago An elderly British book shopkeeper has a place west of town here. A few years ago she taught me how they made blackout lights out of a candle in the saucer of the planting pot and the pot turned upside down over it. They had a tiny shed of some sort ithout windows or cracks for light, in front of the house and hid in it with their small candles. Amazing.  LondonGirl21 months ago Hi Patty - it's weird to think that this all happened within living memory!Teresa, the missing concluding text and photo capsules have been dragged away from their sneaky cigarettes behind the bike shed, and restored to their rightful place.Rachel21 months ago Best article on this subject that I have ever seen. Great job.LondonGirl21 months ago Thanks Rachel, glad you enjoyed it!Iphigenia21 months ago This is a superb hub and a very moving read. You have gathered together just the right mix of illustrations and videos to complement the exelent text. Well done and thank you.Aya Katz21 months ago London Girl, well done! I think that people are always at their best when they have to forget their differences and pull together to fight a common foe. Unfortunately, when the crisis is over, things go back to normal...Teresa McGurk21 months ago Just came back to read the rest -- excellent stuff.  A very impressive hub, LG.JamaGenee21 months ago I must say, this is chock full of information and historical facts! I'm ever amazed at the iron resolve of the British *not* to fall under the thumb of Hitler. Having to carry gas masks, having their children sent who-knows-where. Risking death by spending nights on rooftops to push off incendiary bombs - what courage that took!Well done, LG!William F. Torpey21 months ago A truly excellent piece, London Girl, complete and unabridged. I lived in Yonkers, N.Y., during the war in relative safety, but this hub brought many memories to me that I haven't thought all that much about in quite a while. I recall the occasional blackouts we had when we often had small light on but made sure nothing showed through the windows. If we did, the air raid wardens were there to tell us to cover up areas where light came through. No bombs fell here, but you could see searchlights panning the sky for unidentified airplanes now and then. At school they taught us to hide under our desks in drills. I often heard the phrase you mention, "There's a war on you know." I was 10 years old when the war ended, but, as a boy, I had nightmares of Japanese zeroes flying low from north to south over the Hudson River toward the New York skyline -- I can imagine what the children in London were dreaming! Thumbs up!LondonGirl21 months ago Hi Iphigenia, glad you enjoyed it! I found the vids and photos over a while, and saved until I was ready to write (-:Aya, I'm glad you enjoyed it. When things go wrong here (huge storms, snow, power cuts) people always talk about the "Blitz Spirit".Teresa, glad you enjoyed the rest, and thanks for alerting me to the missing paragraphs!LondonGirl21 months ago Jama - there was almost an outrage that the Nazis in general, and Hitler in particular, even thought about invading and fighting (-:I'm glad you enjoyed it, William! I think both my grandmothers were scarred by the experiences, but they refused to allow it to be a problem. Astonishingly, rates of things like PTSD were remarkably low.MandM21 months ago Very, very good! The text, the integration of images and videos, all is great! Congratulations!LondonGirl21 months ago thanks very much - glad you enjoyed it!SweetiePie21 months ago Very informative hub on the subject.  It would have been hard to live through that, but it makes us realize how pampered people are today really.LondonGirl21 months ago Yes, we're pretty lucky!mandybeau21 months ago Another amazing Hub, One finds it hard to imagine how horrible those raids must have been, I just don't understand wars, I mean myancestors were fighting each other, when you look at it that simply, it just cannot be comprehended.danjutsu21 months ago Great Hub. It brings back memories of my Mum telling me about her life as a young girl during The Blitz. It was a ploy of my brothers and me to ask just before bedtime, "what was it like during the war mum?" We would then sit and listen while the clock ticked by. Priceless.LondonGirl21 months ago Hi Mandy and Dan - glad you both enjoyed it! I don't understand war either, I'm not one for punching people in pubs, and war often just seems that writ large. Some people just like to pick a fight, and some of them run countries.Tony (Poddys)21 months ago Absolutely Brilliant!   This is a really wonderful detailed hub, and I like the fact that as well as covering the facts you included lots of family information too.My Mum was an ARP in Rugby during the Blitz and was on the rooftops when nearby Coventry was fire-bombed.   I remember when I was younger playing in old air-raid shelters, and there were bomb sites everywhere, even up to the late 1960's.  All built up now of course.LondonGirl21 months ago Hi Tony, glad you enjoyed it. Being on the rooftops during the Coventry fire-bombing must have been absolutely terrifying for your poor Mum, the damage was incredible.THere was a bombsite not built on in Blackheath, south-east London, in the mid 1970s. It was opposite my parents' flat, and my Dad grew veggie on the bomb site (-:Debnet21 months ago One of the best pieces of social history that I have read on the net.  Well done.  My parents were children during WW11 and lived just outside of Southampton, in Eastleigh where the main railway works were.  They have many stories of being snatched from their beds and rushed to the shelters or one one occasion my Mother and her siblings hid under the dining table.  Southampton was devastated too but luckily, some of our Medieval walls withstood Hitler.   I don't think people outside of the UK understand how the Blitz affected our Country but this blog will certainly help with that.LondonGirl21 months ago Thanks Deb - I'm glad you found it interesting and valuable!Lisa HW21 months ago LondonGirl, another good Hub about World War II.  I may have said this on one of your other Hubs, but I think it's important that people not allow the whole "WWII scenario" and all that led up to it be forgotten.  I grew up hearing about how people can be "fooled" by leaders, and how Hitler should have been stopped "way in the beginning".  Maybe it wasn't as simple as that, but there are certainly powerful lessons to be learned from that whole horror.  I, personally, have seen complacency creep back into society between the time I was a kid and now.Debnet, I think you're probably right that people outside the UK can't really understand the effect the Blitz had on those who lived through it.   I'm a Baby Boomer (but a mid-generation one and American), but I know that even growing up hearing my parents talk about their WWII experience made me a little more "tuned in" than, say, my kids' generation is.  With each "degree of closeness" people get yet that much more of a feel for things like the war.mulberry121 months ago Well, it took me awhile, but I finally made it over here.  This is a really great hub.  I love history and have read a number of books just on the topic of WWII.  I can't really imagine what life must have been like in London during this time; but you've certainly given me a better feel for it!LondonGirl21 months ago Thank you boht for reading and commenting - glad you found it interesting.mschattie20 months ago What a great hub!  My grandmother and great grandmother were from London and lived there throughout the War...some of what you wrote about reminded me of so many of the stories I heard over the years from them.  Thank you! :)AEvans20 months ago That war was horrific and England prevailed. A friend of mine is takes care of an elderly woman who actually lived through the bombing in England she is a gem but she has told of the horror of the bombings and the fear she had as a young child. She discussed covering the windows and explained that it took her years to try and overcome, how until this day she still has nightmares and says she can on occassion hear the bombs going off in her head.  It is sad and I can only imagine how many suffered due to the war. Thumbs up nad very informative , I truly enjoyed a step back into history.:)LondonGirl20 months ago Hi mschattie - glad you found it interesting! As in the hub above, one of my grandmothers was in London during the war (as a nurse) and the other in Liverpool.AEvans - thanks, I'm glad you enjoyed it. I don't think the woman's experiences you mentioned were uncommon, sadly.Christa Dovel20 months ago LG - This is wonderful information!  I have bookmarked it, and will be reading it again, with my children, as they love war-time history.  Hope I can do it with out crying!LondonGirl20 months ago Hi Christa, hope the children find it interesting. As well as this, I've also done hubs on the sinking of the Lusitania, and the Nazi invasion plans for the UK, if they'd like those too.Christa Dovel20 months ago Thanks LG, I'll check those out too.LondonGirl20 months ago Hope your children liked them.Katie Kat20 months ago Lots of amazing information... and where did ya get all the photos??My hubby is from England and remembers the bomb shelters.KatieLondonGirl20 months ago Looking for all the photos took a while, but was good fun! Glad you enjoyed the article.Nancy's Niche20 months ago LondonGirl, excellent hub,description and video'sof a horrblie time in Englands history. My great-grandmother was raised in Coventry and experienced the war and all it's destruction.LondonGirl19 months ago Coventry was a particularly bad place to be during the Blitz - the Luftwaffe damn near levelled the place.packerpack17 months ago O my god it was such a detailed explanation..... Learned so much here. There are so may things that happened in those wars .... lots of things still to learn. It was very good reading this hub. Keep it coming LG! Thanks for the Hub!Camping Dan17 months ago Few can truly understand what it felt like to be in the dark and having bombs land all around you. It must have been extremely frightening.jonty17 months ago Very well written hub .....very much informative ......Thank you very much for your great hub, for good advice, good wishes and support. Thanks for sharing your experience with all of us.knell6316 months ago What a brilliant coverage of the Blitz Londongirl, well done, lest we forget. I was born in Coventry and my Nan always told us stories of the two raids. She said that as long as they could hear the Cathedral bells then the city was ok. Finally they stopped ringing at 2am.sneakorocksolid16 months ago Great Hub LG! The british were so brave in the face of such horror. This a prime example why we must stand-up to evil before it gains momentum. Very, very good!Writer16 months ago Whoa. Whoa and whoa. I've never seen the story of London during the second world war in so much detail. It was very moving. Thanks for writing it.Writer16 months ago Whoa. Whoa and whoa. I've never seen the story of London during the second world war in so much detail. It was very moving. Thanks for writing it.May Cantwell13 months ago My mother drove an ambulance during the Blitz. she never speaks about it. Can someone tell me if there are any records about ambulance crews during this time.TheMountainMan13 months ago My father-in-law lived through the blitz as a young man. It's always interesting to hear his stories, no matter how many times he tells it.  Great hub!peacenhim13 months ago Amazing work with such detail!! One of the best documented Hubs I've seen so far on HubPages. Remarkable along with the videos. Written with passion and depth. Thank you!EYEAM4ANARCHY13 months ago Great work LG. You've really outdone yourself with this. Actually all your stuff is pretty good, so I guess you've just outdone everyone else.It's a shame what people have subjected their fellow man to and what little gain it has produced in proportion to the toll exacted.melpor12 months ago A lot of information about the bombing raids. This is a well written hub and I enjoyed reading it. Nice work.Bettina DK12 months ago Hi LondonGirlI'm writing a assignment right in this moment, and are actually using your material (which I don't hope that you mind) for my assignment. My subject is about the Blitz, and I was wondering where you got your informations from, if i may ask?I'll hope that you will reply to me as soon as you can.By the way, love your article :DLove Bettina from DenmarkAnon.10 months ago This was really helpful for my essay, thank you.This article was really packed with useful information, well done, and thank you :)adorababy6 months ago That period of time was one of the most terrifying in the history in the world.  All the made for movie versions always remind us of this terrible era.Dave Harris5 months ago Great detailed hub LondonGirl, I am following your WW2 hubs with great interest as I am working on similair material, but more about the Armed Forces than the Civilians, really interesting!Tusitala Tom4 months ago This is more than a Hub, it's a masterpiece!  Top marks, London Girl.   Know a bit about it as I was there in London for a lot of it myself (born 1936 in Plumstead, and lived right on Luftwaffe Alley - Eltham, southeast London.  However, I was evacutated three times: Devon, Northhamptonshire and finally Lancashire.  But I do remember the night raids, the occassional day raid, and, of course, the 'Doodle Bugs.'A3 months ago Really enjoyed reading that account. Very good.Paulie Sadofsky5 weeks ago What an excellent hub!  Living in Canada, much of what we know about the war is from Canadians and Americans who went over to fight.  The Americans would have you believe they won the war and that England was defeated by the Nazis. This is of course not true as England defended herself successfully.  Most Brits I have met who lived through the war in England don't talk much about it. I have always been impressed by the British people, their work ethic, cheerfulness, and resolve.  The information you have gathered shows the sacrifices that the entire population of England made. The loss of life of civilians, and damage to property was staggering.  Through that people not only survived, but were determined not to surrender or give up. It is truly inspiring.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesLiving through the Blitz - how British civilians sheltered from the bombs in the News'My memories of the Cardiff Blitz'BBC News6 days agoKeith Matheson shares his memories of the night that German bombs fell on the Welsh capital seventy years ago.Night of Cardiff blitz rememberedBBC News6 days agoSeventy years ago people in Cardiff were waking up to find parts of the city completely destroyed after the worst night of the blitz in the capital. More than 150 people were killed and hundreds more injured after bombs rained down from the skies. Charlotte Dubenskij met up with three men who survived and lived to tell the tale.The best boring booksGuardian Unlimited5 days agoThere are times when dullness is exactly what you want from a book. Here are some of my favourites It's the 70th anniversary of the Blitz here in London. One of the very worst raids on the capital took place on 29 December 1940, destroying several Wren churches and Paternoster Row, the home of British publishing. Partly inspired by this, I've been looking into the literature of this traumatic ...Eagles-Packers predictions, key matchupsPhilly.com5 hours agoI am always uncomfortable when I get the feeling that I'm underrating Andy Reid. So I'm uncomfortable here. But I look at the Eagles' defense and I look at what Aaron Rodgers has done lately, and it doesn't add up to forecasting an Eagles victory.Philadelphia Eagles' Safety Kurt Coleman Poised For Playoff Coming-Out Party?CBS Sports3 days agoAsked which unknown players in this year's NFL Playoffs may shine this weekend, Senior NFL Writer Clark Judge had this to say about the Philadelphia Eagles' seventh-round pick:93LondonGirlFrom London887 Followers53 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by LondonGirlContact LondonGirlFollow LondonGirlSubscribe to LondonGirl's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk LondonGirl a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat are some of the safty precautions in a morgue and pathology lab?asked by Mentalist acer 5 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionWhat positives can one get in Adolf Hitler or Nazi party?asked by Cleanclover 13 months ago11 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThe man who Assassinated Hitlerby daryl2007How To Build An Earthshipby Digital BardLightning Safe Behaviorby BaldGuysBloggingGifts Of Light In Life's Darkest Hoursby loislaneA Guide to Dog Adoption in Los Angelesby wngGel Fuel and How to Make itby Benjimester World War II ForumTopicRepliesCan You Believe We Get People Who Deny The Holocaust Even Happenedposted by calpol2591Interesting finding about A.Hitler... What a shocker!posted by CaribeM11Post a new topicTagshistory london second world war shelters fire service gas mask Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.817 sec)  working