Neutering Your Male DogHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPets and AnimalsAnimal Rights and WelfareAnimal Spaying and NeuteringNeutering Your Male DogNeutering Your Male Dog92rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Whitney05Male DogsThroughout my pet parent years, I have had more male dogs than I have had females, and personally, I just like male dogs better. It's got nothing to do with males dogs being more this or that than female dogs, because you can find females that are just as territorial as males  can get. Just like people, you've got different personalities for different dogs, and you just can't say that all male dogs are this and all female dogs are that. But, as for why I like males dogs better, I just do. Plain and simple, but when it comes to male dogs the one thing that I make sure of is that they get neutered. It's a necessary procedure in my opinion. The one thing that I find funny is men and male dogs. For some reason men just don't want their male companion neutered. It apparently takes away their manhood... *Shakes head and rolls eyes*Personally, they look so much more attractive without the balls dangling as they walk, but there are many logical reasons to have your male dog neutered. Below, you'll find information about when, why, and how.  When to Neuter a Male DogMale dogs can be safely neutered as early as 8 weeks, although it is safer to wait until the puppy is at least 6 months old. Unlike the more involved process of spaying a female dog, neutering a male dog is less involved becuase the parts involved in the procedure are right below the skin rather than inside the abdomen. If you have your male dog neutered before he is 6 months old, you can prevent an unwanted pregnancy, roaming, and hormone related aggression between other dogs. By neutering your dog, you will reduce testosterone related aggression and concerns, in general. You will also be reducing the risk of an enlarged prostate later in life.Just remember that neutering your dog will not necessarily 100% takeaway your dog's want to roam, or have trisks with other dogs. It willjust reduce the likelihood. Also, remember that the  longer you wait toneuter your dog, the less likely that it will truly affect hisbehavior, but in more cases neutering an adult dog will truly affect aproblem dog for the better.There is no guarantee that neutering the dog will reduce aggression, the want to roam, or any other behavioral problems you may be experiencing with your dog. There is a good possibility that it will help the problems, but there's no guarantee. Just remember if you're having behavioral problems with your dog, have him neutered in conjunction with behavioral training and obedience in order for optimum results.Neutered French Bulldog Flickr Image by unclebumpy What's the Process of Neutering a DogThere are two different methods of neutering a male dog- 1) surgical and 2) injections of Neutersol.Surgical method of neutering a male dog:The male puppy, or dog, will be put under general anesthesia, and his heartbeat, breathing, and sometimes blood pressure will be monitored by machines. After the dog is fully anesthetized, he will be placed on his back on a heated surgical table. The hair in front of the small area where the scrotum meets the sheath of the penis is shaved, and the skin is cleaned with a surgical scrub.The vet will make an incision that's about .5 to 1.5 inches long, depending on the size of the testicles. He will pull each testicle through the incision, clamp and tie off the attached vessel, cut the vessel, and remove the testicle.The skin of the incision will be closed with either sutures or surgical glue. The anesthesia will be turned off, and the male dog will be watched until he is fully awake. He will then be moved to a recovery cage.Dog neutering via injections:If your male puppy is between the ages of 3 and 10 months old, you can have him neutered using injections of the sterilizing solution, Neutersol.The Neutersol is injected directly into the testicle while the puppy is awake. The manufacturer of Neutersol claims that "most" puppies don't find the injections painful, but that they may experience vomiting and diarrhea.The biggest drawback to Neutersol is that the dog can still product some testosterone- up to 50% of normal levels- which means that the dog may still be inclined to roam in search for females and get into fights with other males. Also, with the residual testosterone level, it puts your dog at higher risk of developing enlarged prostate later in life than he had been surgically neutered. Can I have my dog neutered and him keep his testicles?Although, vets can perform a vasectomy without removing the testicles, most of them aren't skilled enough to do so. Plus, if you have the vasectomy and leave the testicles, you aren't eliminating testosterone production, which means that your dog may still roam, fight, and develop an enlarged prostate when older.  Flickr Image by tinysquare What Happens After the ProcedureBecause neutering a male dog is not as involved as spaying a female dog, your dog will probably get to go home the same day of the procedure. And, more than likely, he'll probably act the same and completely normal the day after the surgery.But, you still want to try to keep the dog calm until his sutures or the glue is settled, which means walks on leashes and no roughhousing with other dogs or people. You want to try to keep your dog calm for 7 to 14 days.Most dogs will leave the incision alone after the surgery, but if he licks excessively at the area, you'll want to put an Elizabethan collar on him until he loses interest in the incision or until it has healed.* Note- A recently neutered male can still inpregnant a female dog for up to 2-3 weeks after the procedure.What are the risks of neutering your dog? Because vets typically perform a pre-surgical exam on the dog, usually you will find that there are very few complications or risks for neutering your dog because if your vet does not think that your dog is healthy enough for the procedure, he will not perform the procedure.Anytime a dog is anesthetized, there is risk that he could have a serious and unpredictable anesthetic reaction, but these complciations are very rare in young, healthy dogs. In healthy dogs, the main complication that you may encounter would be a skin irritation at the incision site.But, for the most part, the chances are that your puppy will bounce back from his surgery as if nothing had happened.  Fake Dog TesticlesBecause so many men do not want to have their male dogs neutered, there are options. Or if you just really like the look of male dogs with "balls," so to speak, you have options. But, in terms of the dog, he'll still be a male dog with out without the testicles, and he won't care either way if he has them dragging behind him or not.You option is purchasing Neuticles, which are artificial testicles. Typically, the fake testicles are implanted while the vet is surgically neutering the dog. You will usually have options as to the size and the texture of the Neuticals so that you can get them as realistic as you want.Just remember that there is really no reason other than for aesthetics to have Neuticals implanted in your dog's scrotal sac. He's won't be upset with your or sad. Flickr Image by bcostinHe'll still want to protect. Flickr Image by Lucas Vieira MoreiraHe won't get fat and lazy unless you let him. Flickr Image by Matthew WedgwoodMale Dog Neutering MythsOk, here's a quick list of common myths about neutering your dog, and the basic gist as to why they're just not true.  The dog will be mad at you because he won't have a sexual encounter with female dog. Your dog won't care either way, and he surely won't be mad at you. Reproduction is nothing more than animal instinct, and sexual behavior is stimulated by pure hormone. Plus, it's not like your dog is fantasizing about it.The dog will be sad. Neutering your dog will not affect his temperament in terms of happy or sad. Neutering him will not upset the dog becuase he no longer has a heavy scrotal sac dragging behind him. Most dogs don't even notice the change even right after surgery.He won't be a good watchdog anymore. Although you are eliminating the testosterone running through his body, having him neutered will not affect the dogs stamina, strength, or determination. Having your dog neutered is never going to affect your dog's natural instinct to protect his family and home. Your dog's want to protect will be affected by environment, training, and genetics, versus hormones. The dog will get fat and lazy. This is so true of any dog neutered or not... Although, sometimes neutered males can be more susceptible, but you should make sure to keep up walking and exercising him. If you stop exercising and start feeding him more, then he'll definitely become overweight. He may not want to roam as much after the surgery, but that doesn't mean that you should ever stop exercising the dog regularly. It's plain unnatural.  If you think about it, the environment that you have your dog in is unnatural. I mean they lay on couches, watch squirrels on tv, and eat dry food out of a bowl.He'll feel less like a man. Remember your dog is still an animal, and animals have absolutely no concept of sexuality or ego. It's all instinct to them, and he won't suffer an emotional reaction or identity crisis afterwards.My dog's purebred, so he doesn't need to be neutered. Unless you plan on breeding the dog, you should have hime neutered. The fact that he's purebred versus a mix doesn't change the fact that there are already millions of dogs in shelters and hundreds of thousands euthanized annually.It's too expensive. It's all going to depend on the size and age of the dog, but neutering a male dog is generally less expensive than you think. If you aren't ready for all the bills that accompany responsible pet ownership, consider a fish. Plus think about it, the price of preventing an unwanted litter is near priceless because at that point you or someone else has to pay for the pregnant female, dog/puppy food, more toys and chews, and find homes for the pups, versus a simple neuter.But won't he be a puppy forever? Or Won't my older dog revert to puppyhood? Nope. This is probably my most favorite myth. I've seen so many older dogs not affected by the neutering. Remember you're only eliminating the testosterone, you're not taking years off the dog's life or stunting him in place. For the most pat, your puppy will age mentally the same being neutered and not being neutered. Disclaimer: Please be aware that the advice in this article should in no way replace that of a licensed veterinarian. If you have any concerns or questions, you should consult a veterinarian.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (7)Funny (3)Awesome Beautiful (1)Is My Dog PregnantWhy Dye Your Dog's Fur?CommentsDebbie Cook2 years ago Do older dogs typically revert to puppy behavior once they are neutered? A friend's dog began to exhibit this behavior almost immediately after he recovered.Whitney052 years ago Nope. That's a big myth that I've heard before. An example being my Yokie was neutered at 3, and if anything it calmed him down and made him less aggressive. I've also seen many dogs come through rescues that get neutered later in life, and I've not seen a one of them revert to puppihood. I want to say I talked about this in another hub where a hubber claimed that by spaying and neutering your dog you keep it in puppy stage for its entire life, and this is just not true.I'll try to get a few myths up about neutering if I can find more than one or two.Ryan Hupfer2 years ago Wow, great Hub...painful, but great. I feel for these poor puppies.SweetiePie2 years ago Good point about getting animals fixed because I totally agree with that.  My dad was always so opposed to getting our dogs fixed right away, but mom just went ahead and did it as she was the one that would have to take care and find homes for the litters.Tara2 years ago This is a good hub, I do agree with spaying and neutering pets, but not right away. With female dogs it's actually better to let them experience their first heat before getting them spayed. I recently bought a purebred lab pup, which I'm not going to have neutered because I want to breed him in the future. I'm not a breeder, but my pup comes from a long line of show dogs and I think it wouldn't be fair to waste such good doggy genes! :) Even if he just gets to father one litter it will be worth it. I think all animals deserve to experience parenthood, after all that's their natural instinct. But now a days the demand for purebred dogs and cats(mostly dogs) is really high, and the mixed breeds are becoming more and more unwanted.Whitney052 years ago Actually, it's better to spay females BEFORE their first heat, spaying after the first heat still leaves an 8% risk of breast tumors.http://hubpages.com/_dogs/hub/Spaying-Your-Female-You have just mentioned the biggest nono of all dog owning times "all animals deserve to experience parenthood" WOW seriously? Remember that parenthood to an animal is nothing like parenthood to a human, it is pure instinct and instint alone. Your male dog isn't going to truly experience anything except the mating process and the irritation of puppies if you use your own female. This is a very selfish and idiotic reason to breed your dog. (And in no way am I calling you an idiot, but your idea is just idiotic)You are also very incorrect with your statement about mixed breeds becoming more and more unwanted. If you actually go to the shelter, more mix breeds are being adopted leaving the pure bred dogs to sit there. You will find more people prefer mixes than purebred dogs, and you will find that you wanting to breed your dog because of your assumption of you having a purebred lab means that more people prefer purebred. This is a complete false statement, if you ask me. Provide me with stats and I'll change my mind, but I've seen and heard otherwise to prove you wrong.Also, so what your dog has show quality bloodlines, what will you do with the puppies. You already admitted you're not a breeder, so what's the point in breeding your dog? Money? Experience? All selfish reasons. What will change? More dogs out there to populate the already overpopulation of dogs. Why not contribute and neuter your dog before you have a littler of puppies, because again YOU said you're not a breeder and only breeders should breed because they know what they're doing. You're just doing it for selfish reasons and to help increase the already pet overpopulation problem, by releasing a full litter which has the potential for up to 12 more litters and then 144 more litters, and so one, and more than likely most of those litters will be unwanted and will end up euthanized at a shelter.I hate to be so rude about it, but you said you're not a breeder, so there's no point in you breeding besides pure selfish reasons.Rachel2 years ago I have two questions. I have never had a dog in my care, however I love them. I'm taking care of my uncle's dog and he has not yet been neutered. He is five or six years old.  Do you think it's safe to neuter him? Also how do you care for them after they have been neutered?Whitney052 years ago He can still be neutered without problems unless the dog has some medical problem, that may cause complication during the procedure. You care for them like any other dog that is not altered. Unless you mean directly afterwards; if that's what you mean, then just keep the dog from licking the area and that's all you really need to do.Linda2 years ago I have 3 dachsunds two of them are brothers at age 3 and one is 1 1/2 yrs old. they just recently starting to spray "everywhere". i will be neutering them next week. will the spraying stop? and i am concerned about their backs and them gaining weight, they are "very hyper" dogs they jump and jump and run, do you think gaining weight will be an issue once i get them nuetered?Whitney052 years ago The spraying may not necessarily stop, but it should decrease. Are they spraying in the house? That could be a house training concern. I will say that after I neutered my yorkie at 3 years old, he now lifts his leg or squats depending on his mood. Even neutering early, doesn't necessarily cut out all forms of lifting the leg to urinate.Weight gain is not a concern as long as you keep up regular exercise.Erin23 months ago We just neutered our 9 month old purebred male Chihuahua.  We are not breeders and have been approached several times by people with female Chi's to use our baby as a stud.  Not interested.  If you truly want a PET not a SHOW DOG then neutering is the only way to go.  It is SELFISH to use a pet for breeding purposes or more likely for "the money".   We always let our Chi "hump" a stuffed animal (it WORKS, he stayed off our legs) but somehow thinking we stole his manhood or should have had him "get a little" first is a ridiculous statement we've heard from people.  Dogs do not care about creating life outside their own, anyone who thinks that is delusional.  Although our Chi is having some "licking issues" at his incision site, he's doing fine and our vet assured us he doesn't need the Elizabethan collar.  (Dogs lick their wounds in the wild, THAT is nature).  Our Chi is litter box trained just like a cat and began lifting his leg and hitting the wall next to his box.  Although neutering will not control that completely it DOES help because we had our beloved Golden Retriever (R.I.P) neutered and the leg lifting subsided unless he was in a public park where other dogs have been.  Point is this, don't listen to friends and family who "hear things" from other dog owners that is just MYTH.  Trust yourself, your instinct, your VET and most importantly your love for your pet.  NEUTERING is the best way to go if you don't want to add to the unwanted pet population.MommaTuna23 months ago Hi, I love your topic! I've just adopted a 3 year old male yorkie who was previously a stud. He was given up by his breeder/owner because he didn't like the new baby in the house. The rescuer had him neutered and his aggression diminished almost immediately. My question is pee related! Understanding that he's in a new house, is it a sign of a health problem that he'll stand and pee on the tile without even sniffing first? No warning signs! He's also sniffed and peed in the grass, and pooped outside also. The rescuer had 14 dogs and pads, so the dogs went inside and outside. My guy has peed on the pad inside 1x and peed a few times outside and then done the odd standing and peeing without warning...any possibility it's due to the neutering? i lost my 11 y/o to bladder cancer, so I'm probably anxious over nothing...but your in put would be so welcome!Whitney0523 months ago The neutering isnt' going to cause the dog to potty inside the house. He's just getting used to the new surroundings. It may take a minute, but he'll need to be reinforced with housetraining.Adruss122 months ago HII have a 11 month old rhodesian Ridgback who I am about to get neutered. Do you how it effects their muscle tone, definition and general development (bones, head etc). The reason I ask is that, he looks absolutely incredible at the moment, as a Ridgback should, great muscluraity, lean body, strong head. How will neutering him effect his develpoment and musculariy in general?Whitney0522 months ago As long and you keep your regular excercise routines, the dog should keep his physical form. It will not affect the bone structure (IE his head). Neutering may cause minimal laziness, but if you keep with an exercising routine, you shouldn't have any problems keeping the dog fit and in great physical form.Liza22 months ago I had my 7 month old shih tzu neutered 3 days ago.  This morning he peed in the house twice and it was mixed with blood.  I took him to the vet and they said it was a possible UTI and gave me antibiotics.  I'm still concerned because, after searching the internet today, I've read that neutering sometimes causes dogs to start peeing in the house.  Any comments?Whitney0522 months ago If you keep up your house training methods, you shouldn't have any problems. I've had and known many a male neutered dog, and none were affected so that they potty in the house from then on.sharon22 months ago I have two labs  a yellow an a black   my yellow one just loves everything an everybody   my black one loves everything but other dogs. Neither of them are neutered. If I neuter them will my black one loose the aggresstion towards other dogs?  Or does neutering not help in that way? He's a great dog but this is really putting a damper on everything we try to do because we want to take him everywhere but we cant in fear of hurting someones dog.Whitney0522 months ago There is always the possibility to reduce aggression when neutering as you are reducing the testosterone in the dog, but it will NEVER be an easy fix. You should strongly consider implementing a different training method.Tes22 months ago I have a 10 month old lab mix who was just neutered 2 days ago.  The first night home he was pretty groggy from the pain meds and slept all night.  BUT, since then he has been VERY hyper and needy.  Of course he's a puppy, and is normally a little on the needy/hyper side, but this is just a lot more than usual!  Is this normal?  He is on Rimadyl because the vet wanted him to stay as calm as possible for 5-7 days with no jumping around.  So much for that!! Whitney0522 months ago The reaction after the surgery will vary per dog. Usually they are calm afterwards, but I don't think that this is uncommon. I have heard of a number of dogs have behavioral changes after neutering, but over time he should relax near back to normal.shelcat22 months ago I have a 6 month old male chihauhau and my my daughter has a 9 mo old in heat.  We live together.  My boy is going in for surgury in 2 days.  We have them in separate houses because my guy is completely out of his mind right now.  After the surgury will he be okay around her and will the spraying stop as it's just begun since her heat cycle?  i want my puppy back  :)Whitney0522 months ago You'll probably need to keep him separated for a little while until he heals, but it shouldn't be a problem. Definitely ask your vet to verify.jessi22 months ago i have two dogs and they love to play togetherbut in the article above it says a dog needs about a week to recover and for the cut to heal my two dogs are ruff and love to play very hard with eachother will my male dog who is being neutered tomorrow need to be separated from the other? or will he be fine ?Whitney0522 months ago You will need to make sure that there is no strenuous play that can rupture the incision.oustargazer22 months ago My 2.5 yr old dog was neutered 2 weeks ago today. For the last two days, he's been having peeing accidents inside the house, something he NEVER did before he was neutered. Yesterday he peed twice within one hour of going outside, about 30 minutes apart. Once was hiking his leg, the other was squatting. I took him to the vet today and the urinalysis came back negative. They said to watch him but that it's prob. behavioral. Is it common for dogs to have accidents in the house after being neutered? What should I do? What is causing this??Whitney0522 months ago Typically, neutering isn't going to affect the dog's house training. All you can do is reinforce house training.phenom21 months ago my husband and i are in the process of getting our dog neutered. he's 6 yrs old. my question is, since he's not exactly a spring chicken anymore, will he have hanging skin for the rest of his life where his 'balls' used to be?Whitney0521 months ago The skin should still shrink back. It just may take a little longer than a younger dog.Beto21 months ago My male and female German Shepherd had puppies in October. She had 5, and I kept one. He was the male and obviously the head of his pack. Now at a little youger than six month's he acts pretty agressive to his "Mom and Dad" The father retaliates but's not that aggresive. I just got the female fixed, so should I get the other two?Whitney0521 months ago Why wouldn't you? It is a good idea to go ahead and get it done.Heather21 months ago It's not a sound procedure to neuter a dog before 6 months. The only reson they neuter now a t such a young age is to prevent future population growths because irresponsible owners do not take the initiative to spay or neuter once the dog is comfortably at home. Back in the day when you adopted a pet from the animal shelter, you would receive a coupon if the dog was under 6 months to return at a later date to have the procedure done, but alot of new pet owners did not follow through so they started doing it before the pet was adopted out. i can't tell you how many young pets we see that become sickly and even die from neutering or spaying at too young an age.Claudia21 months ago I need some help, urgently!!!I already have an appointment to have my male 20 month old purebred pedigreed chocolate labrador neutered. It is going to take place on april 21st.My husband went crazy about it, in spite of  never wanting a dog in the first place, now he loves it. He doesn't walk him or feed him or anything, but he likes him very much.He is telling me I am selfish for not letting this poor guy fulfill his ultimate goal: puppies. It's not about the sex he says, it's about the instinct of any animal to breed (as if the dog will know he has children all over the neibourhood and will be responsible for them)lol.This dog is mine, I may have bought it with OUR money but I take care of him everyday: 2 daily walks and playing fetch in the garden, constant attention and visits to the vet. It is me who has to control him when we are on walks and he sees other dogs, he is not agressive at all, but he goes crazy because he wants to play with every dog, and in the country I am living now (Netherlands) where dogs are better behaved than children, dog owners often see this controling situation as if he was a dangerous dog, so they pick up their dogs and leave the scene immediately, it is frustrating because is an endless circle.How can I convince him(husband)? Or you think that I should just go ahead without listening to him?TIAWhitney0521 months ago You are doing the RIGHT thing by having him neutered. As I mentioned in the article, dogs, especially male dogs, could care less about reproducing. He's not going to miss anything and he's not going to be mad at you for doing it. I think because you are the main caretaker of the dog, you should just do it. Just because the dog has papers, it doesn't mean that it needst to be bred anyway. It is healthier for him to be neutered. More power to you; do what is right for the dog. No dog is going to be upset the it doesn't have puppies. Male dogs don't even really participate in the caring and rearing of the pups, so they don't even care. It's just instinct.Crush21 months ago Let me ask you...would you consider castraiting your newborn if you had one? If not, why not? The same benefits could be possible. IE: No cancer, no prostate problems, no desire to roam when he becomes an adult male. A dog should NOT be neutered until he reaches at least 18mos. of age. Calcium that is held in the bones has been as much as 70% lower in male dogs that were neutered when young. Cardiovascular systems are also dependent upon healthy testosterone levels. Don't buy into the BS we have been told all these years. The problems most people mention are people problems not animal problems in the first place.Whitney0521 months ago You are correct in that waiting a little later will help with hormones and growth. But I merely mentioned that it is possible to neuter as early as 8 weeks. I also said that it is safer to wait until at least 6 months. I personally waited when spaying and neutering my dogs, but it is everyone's choice.Please do not be rude. I will delete any comments that contain the same rudeness as the above one. Please leave civil comments.kara21 months ago i have a 8 month old cocker spaniel and my mum is getting him neutered but i dont want him to get lazy and boring will neutering make him lazy and boringamy21 months ago We just had our 9 month old golden retriever neutred. He was sleepy when we brought him home but did pretty well. The next day, yesterday, his scrotum was swollen and discolored. The vet said it happens but is rare but it will eventually go down. I was just wondering if we should be concerned about this or is she correct?Whitney0521 months ago kara, spaniels are hyper and playful by nature. If you read the myths about neutering, you'll find that lazy is one of them. neuter the dogamy, your vet is right. if you're highly concerned, have another vet give you a second opinion.Doug21 months ago I have a one year old Brittany. He was neutered about three months ago. He is doing great.  However, I noticed that his penis is hard all the time.  Is this normal?Whitney0521 months ago I'm not sure exactly what you mean. It should be the same before as after. There shouldn't be any changes to his actual penis.Doug21 months ago I'm not sure how it was before.  And I had an older neutered male who has sense passed.  Also I have read some info on neutered dogs still getting erections.  That is not my concern.  The concern I have is that it is hard up inside 24/7, sleeping or awake.  It never really comes out like an erection. it's just hard all the time.  I never payed much attention to it prior to being neutered.  I just did not know if this is normal!  Thank you for your time! Dilys21 months ago This is a great article that demystifies dog neutering and totally debunks the myths about neutered dogs. Like you, I totally support this harmless medical procedure. The dogs that we rehome are routinely neutered and spayed - as are those that we keep to look after ourselves. (usually dogs that have been psychologically damaged by previous bad owners)Whitney0521 months ago Doug, I would just ask your vet. It sounds odd to me. I have never seen a neutered dog experience this, but you never know.Dilys, I believe that most dogs should be spayed/neutered. I think that more people would do it, if they knew what all it involved and was/wasn't true about the proceduresSelina T21 months ago I have a 3 year old Golden Retriever, he just got neutered a week ago. When i went to pick him up he had quite a bit of swelling and bruising so they kept him over night. I recieved a call the next morning that he would be ready to come home later that day...about 1.5 hours later they called back and said it was getting worse and wanted to keep him for the weekend. i was very upset and the only explaination they could give me was that he was an older dog. at this point i hadn't seen him for 4 days, he was on meds incase of infection, meds for inflamation and being treated with ice packs for the swelling. He has been wearing the buster collar since the operation so i know the complications haven't been caused from him licking.after 5 days at the vet FREE of charge i got to pick him up. and my gosh his scrotum and belly looked terrible. His scrotum was the size of a baseball and his lower belly was extremely red (almost purple in colour) and swollen up past his penis. it has now been a week and the reddness has gotten better but his scrotum is still quite large. I have done a lot of research about neutering and i can't find an explanation for this..Can you help me???Very Worried21 months ago A week and a half ago my dog, a 5 year old english bulldog, started squirting lots of blood from his penis only when he is excited or has a full or partial penis... the blood squirts as though he was ejaculating... one vet said it was prostate problem another now says since there was no blood in the urine test and since the blood is very red fresh blood, it is coming from a wound and possibly from the tip of the penis if the urethra is slightly prolapsed. We have tried to keep him calm, he is now on blood pressure reducing meds and antiinflamatories to try to prevent the bleeding.. but he gets excited whenever someone comes home or even just with the thought of going for a walk. I worry he is loosing too much blood and his gums are getting paler. This cannot continue. The only test done was a urinalysis. The vet feels like the wound or prolapse needs to heel on its own and that lowering the blood pressure may help with this. He is also on antibiotics to prevent infection or treat any infection if there is one in the prostate. The vet now suggests we have him neutered immediately to help stop the bleeding. Will this work? I hear that neutered dogs still get erections even if maybe he won't want to hump on his own anymore. If he still gets erections, how will neutering stop all the intense bleeding every time his penis gets even a little engorged or his reproductive muscles contract? Is this true or will neutering stop erections?Whitney0521 months ago Selina, I have not heard of this. Typically, neutering has minimal complications. I have seen dogs older than 3 get neutered and not see the complications that your pup had to experience. I'm sorry about that, but that is not common for neutering, so please do not be leery of neutering in the future.Very Worried, I would think that by neutering the dog, it would help. Typically, they do not have the same erection as an un-neutered dog and not nearly as often. I would make the decision sooner than later, as it doesn't sound like a pleasant thing that your dog is going through. You may want to get a second opinion, if you are adamantly against neutering. It's not going to hurt him by any means to get neutered. I wouldn't suggest breeding the dog, if that's why you don't want him neutered; he's already having complications when he is erect, and you could potentially pass this problem down to puppies.Very Worried21 months ago Thank you for your advice. I am not against neutering if it will help my dog.. anything to keep him as healthy as possible for as long as possible. I did come across some research and articles that showed that certain malignant prostate cancer is more common in neutered dogs than in intact dogs. Have you heard of anything like this? In Norway apparently its illegal to neuter your dog i read unless there is medical condition that necessitates the procedure...Whitney0521 months ago I have never heard of that. Everything that I have ever read said that the risks are minimized greatly by neutering.Personally, I think it's stupid to make spaying and neutering illegal. There are more health benefits by the procedures than not.alexadry21 months ago I heard about bone cancer rather than prostate cancer. I have two rotties and my vet wanted them spayed and neutered as early as possible, only to find out later that there are plenty of studies suggesting that when they are neutered/spayed before reaching at least one year old they are more likely to develop osteosarcoma. Looks like there is a link between the growing plates and hormonal changes. Wish I knew that before :(Whitney0521 months ago Yes, it is actually best to wqait until at least one year old before spaying/neutering a dog. It allows time for the dog to develope skeletally, so to speak. The risks of bone cancer being caused by early spay/neuter is slim, though.Fiona Hanna21 months ago My dog Charlie is about 16 months old. I live in a rural area and we generally let our dogs run outside as they destroyed the fence we built for them once the snow was high enough for them to jump up on it, and they typically never roam around for more than an hour or so. In the past couple days, our boy Charlie has been taking off for 20 hours at a time (he's off and running now and I haven't seen him since last night : ( when we let him out to go to the bathroom-we didn't think he'd dissappear like that again because when he returned home last night he was so tired and hungry he wasn't even himself.) I definitely want to get him nuetered (our female is spayed) but in the meantime I'm wondering if it is typical for an un-fixed dog to dissappear for such long periods of time. I'm sorry if I sound stupid and I understand the importance of getting him fixed. I hate worrying about him all day.Whitney0521 months ago Some un-netuered dogs will roam, as mentioned here. Sometimes it depends on the breed, as some breeds are prone to wandering, as well. If you're worried about him, why not fence in an area to let him play and potty in? Neutering him may help the roaming concern, but I would still recommend a fenced off area. I had a friend who lived in a very rural area, and her dogs got out one time. They found 1, 1 came back home, and the other was picked up by someone and given to someone else. After several weeks, they finally got her back.jaewchoi21 months ago hi. i just picked up a cairn terrier mix from a local shelter.  He's 3 years old and weighs about 15 lbs.  He was recently neutered at the shelter before i picked him up.  First night he came to my house, i spotted him licking/biting his own penis.  It went on for a few minutes and i kept stopping him.  This morning, i saw him biting softly his ERECTED penis.  is this normal?Fiona Hanna21 months ago I definitely will fence off an area with some stronger, taller materials than the wire fence we have (and they destroyed.) In the meantime, Charlie's still off roaming- we went looking for him last night- and saw him at one point running with a pack of neighbor dogs, and he was excited to see us, took a few steps towards us and then he was off with the others again. Sigh. Thanks.Whitney0521 months ago jaewchoi, yes, that's normal. Make sure he doesn't irritate the stitches though. They can still have the "lipstick," even after being neutered.Fiona, You want to be very careful with him just running off. I'd definintely build that area this weekend.Cozylilsweetheart20 months ago First of all I would like to say thank you for the info. So far it has been very helpful.I have a german/australian shepard, Gemini, he just turned 2 last November. I have not neutered him yet.  Right after he turned 1 he started showing signs of aggression. I was walking him and a little girl with her mom asked if she could pet him. I told her yes and that he had never shown any signs of aggression. As the little girl was petting him the mom leaned over to pet him as well and as soon as she leaned he jumped up and snapped at her face. The woman backed away just in time. I appologized profusly and thankfuly she was understanding. I took him to the vet a week later to get updated shots and asked the vet about this and he said that neutering him would helo with this and even though they were booked we had the secretary squeeze me in right away because of his aggression. Unfortunately I had lost my job and could no longer afford to do this. However that was the only thing even remotely aggressive that he did until later.I ended up moving in with my parents and they had two other dogs, a female lab around the same age as Gemini and a male black lab/wolf mix who was 17 and never neutered. When we first moved in they got along great (before moving in I took Gemini over there all the time to play and they got along). After a little while the male started messing with Gemini. For a while he just ignored it, but then they started fighting. It just kept getting worse. The male was finally put to sleep because he got very ill. I thought Gemini would go back to being the way he was. I was so wrong. He is very aggressive towards animals now. He always barks at people walking by in an agressive way and I am afraid he is gonna jump the fence and hurt someone. At one point he did jump the fence at someone walking there dog, but he just stood there and growled (thankfuly) and didnt hurt anyone. He does not listen when he is outside but is great while inside. And now just recently he started acting aggressive towards the female, when they always played great together before. My parents want me to get rid of him, but I am so attached. I told them I am not going to take the chance of my dog getting put down because I messed up.I called the vet the other day and scheduled him for neutering. Should I have any hope that this will help his behavior? If not, what should I do? I really do not want to get rid of him if I can avoid it.Thank you and sorry for the long post. I just thought some background info would help you answer the question better. Thanks again.Whitney0520 months ago Neutering should help a little, but it's no guarantee since he's 2. It's not going to hurt the behavior by any means. You want to make sure that you start working on bacis training and socialization, and stick with it. Start with few to no distractions, and slowly start adding them one by one. I'd work on obedience first so that he knows to obey you.puppyWells20 months ago I have a 5 month old GSP who I am planning to get neutered tomorrow. I'm having second thoughts; I'm scared it is too early. Is it?He has been slower to grow than I thought. Will the surgery slow his growth more or will it help him grow?Please help, I don't want to do the wrong thing for my puppy.Whitney0520 months ago Generally neutering should be done after 6 months old, but 5 months shouldn't cause any problems. The surgery won't alter growth a substantial amount, but there are studies that show slight changes since hormones and such are removed from the body. This isn't going to hurt him by any means. You are actually helping him.SusanWesty20 months ago Glad for your post. Neutering is really such a non-issue that i think it should be done with any pets that aren't going to be bred from or shown. I haven't noticed it affecting my pets adversely. If anything, it calms them.Caitlin19 months ago My dog is almost two years old and I'm about to have him neutered I'm really nervous about how he'll recover since he isn't a puppy anymore.  Whats you advice?Whitney0519 months ago Just let him relax and stay away from rough housing and strenuous play and exercise after the procedure. He should do fine.Ilene19 months ago I have a 5 year old Shih Tzu who happens to be handicapped because of a herniated disc in his back.  Ever since he was a puppy, I had wanted him to be neutered just like his brother who was neutered [but unfortunately was lost whether he ran away or was stole :(], but we never did it.  He became handicapped at around 3 years of age because of the herniated disc, became paralyzed, and so he had surgery and therapy, but is still handicapped and we're hoping that once we move and put him into hydrotherapy, that it will work because he is not paralyzed in his back legs after the surgery and feels everything, just doesn't have strength to get up.Well, he has wheels and has had them for about 2 years now I believe, but for quite a while now his scrotum seems to be getting cut and sometimes bleeding, whether it's from him dragging himself around when he's not on his wheels, or for any other reason that we may not know about. We have him scheduled to finally be neutered this Friday and I'm nervous because I don't want him to be affected health wise from any raised risk of anything, even though I know there are many benefits, especially that it will stop him from possibly getting infections or cuts there.He is so healthy other than his handicap ever since we switched his dry food to a better one and also give him a home cooked recipe that has helped with his sensitive stomach so well that he doesn't have problems anymore. So I'll do pretty much anything for his health to be improved, as I did with changing his food. I really DO NOT enjoy seeing his scrotum bleed at times when he gets a cut, and he tends to get stinky as early as 2 days after his bath from licking it a lot [usually more than 2 days if his hair is shorter]..So I just want to get an opinion on if I'm doing the right thing in getting him neutered for this reason, and if it really will help prevent any infections or cuts or anything from him getting cuts at times?I just want my dog to continue to have a fun, healthy, long and active life. Right now, he only gets one 15 minute walk a day, but once we move [pretty soon], he will be getting much more exercise since there are trails and hilly roads/sidewalks, etc, so I want to make sure that by neutering him, he will still be just as excited to go outside as he is now. Really, as soon as he hears his collar jingling in my hand he gets so excited he starts running around and he greets everyone with a big smile on his face. I just don't want him to calm down by being neutering, but at the same time, I don't want his scrotum to be getting cut up anymore because I know it causes him much discomfort.Whitney0519 months ago Neutering will not cause a drastic change in the dog since he is older; although some dogs will have behavioral changes due to less testosterone, the degree of difference will vary.He'll still be excited for walks.Neutering does not prevent infections but it potentially decreases risk of cancer and other disorders. Your vet could assist you with the infection concern.Unless you're speaking of infection in that area; that I'm not sure.Ilene19 months ago Oh I mean on the scrotum itself. He doesn't have problems around it. Luckily he hasn't had any infections or anything, but he has gotten cuts from dragging himself when he's not on his wheels. Although after he gets neutered, we will be asking our vet for assistance on that because he will be on his wheels and don't want any friction to affect the area right after the surgery. I know he'll be on a collar even for sleeping because he will lick and lick the area even now when it gets irritated so I'm not worried about that.And thanks for letting me know. I do look forward to him roaming less, even a little, because he ran into the street a few days ago and I've clearly trained him to stay off the street unless I go, and even then, he stays close by me, and he tends to listen, but at times I'm sure his instinct gets to him and it's hard to resist. He is very intelligent and trained, but just like his breed, he can be stubborn and have a lack of focus at times.Whitney0519 months ago There's no guarantees that it'll help him and prevent him from roaming 100%. Running into the street one time, doesn't mean he roams. It means something caught his eye.Good luck with him.Ilene19 months ago Thanks =]lisa18 months ago i have a very co dependant mini pincher/pug who is 9 months old, he is starting to try and hump so i ahve made him a appointment tomorrow to get him netured, but i am afraid something will happen to him when they put him out, he never leaves my side or leash, i dont know if i can risk this, he scream when i leave him, what will he think when i leave him at the vet which he hates?Whitney0518 months ago separation anxiety shouldn't affect the surgery. Being younger, he shouldn't have any problems with the surgery. It's a pretty simple procedure.Jessica18 months ago I have a 6 month old boxer that I am getting neutered in two days but my boyfriend (aka the other owner) is completely against it because he thinks there is no reason to do it.  He also thinks breeding him would be a good idea for money which I COMPLETELY disagree with because of all the unwanted dogs (Even boxers) out there right now.  I would really appreciate a "laundry list" of the reasons dogs should be neutered so I can approach him with more facts than emotion about the subject.  Thanks!Whitney0518 months ago I've listed a few reasons above why to neuter a dog. Other reasons include breeding for money is wrong and unethical. Too many pets already needing homes, and if the dog isn't of a good bloodline with titles in its pedigree and to its name, it really isn't bettering the breed, so there isn't a reason to breed. Statistically, neutering cuts down testosterone which can reduce attempts to escape, marking around the house, aggression, etc. Statistically neutering can reduce various cancers and health illnesses.I'd stick with the plans to neuter the dog unless you plan on showing or competing with the dog. If you had plans to show or compete, then the breeder you purchased the dog from would have told you in the beginning that you can't neuter in order to get the full registration of the dog. If there wasn't an option of limited or full registration, then the dog isn't show or competition quality, meaning he's just not breeding quality and doesn't come from a line of champions. (Not saying he's not a good looking dog or not worth it; he just may not be a specimen that could better the breed)Good luck. I think neutering is the best thing to do for non-competition dogs. He's just pet quality, which is no better or less than any other dog just no need to breed him.jaclyn17 months ago My boyfriend Jeff and I went to a shelter looking to adopt our first puppy. We ended up bringing one home. :) He is a wonderful male black lab. Since he was at a shelter, there is no positive age, but his papers say two months old but he is only 3.9lbs.My question is, if he is only two months old, was it a bad decision on their part to already have him neutered?From his behaviors, we do not feel any immediate concerns. We just became curious because many people seem to be shocked when they hear he has been already neutered. Any information would be appreciated. Thanks!-Jaclyn and JeffWhitney0517 months ago No it wasn't a bad decision to have had him neutered. Most vets prefer at least 6 months old, but he will be fine being neutered at 2 months. Shelters want the dog altered before it goes to their new home, which means sometimes they're altered at 6 weeks. By neutering early, the hormones are cut down, and in some cases growth isn't reached to full potential, but it usually isn't going to cause a major change or problem. There are also some studies that show bone cancer is a possibility with early altering, but cancer is probable in 1 in every 4 dogs, so the likelihood of the puppy getting cancer either way at some point in his life, is fairly high.Neutering male pups isn't as extensive a surgery as spaying a female.Remember 2 months is just 8 weeks, so the weight is fine, especially because it's probably a mix.So, is it bad that the puppy is already neutered... No.Lori17 months ago We have a male Basset that we got from a friend as a stray, The Vet has no idea his age but we know he is an older dog. we want to have him neutered. He wants to run off every time we let him out. and he is real aggresive to our male Beagle. Is there a age limit to get one neutered, and would it help this behavor? ThanksWhitney0517 months ago There is possibility that neutering will help his behavior, but it's not always a guarantee. There is no age limit as long as the dog is healthy.sharaya758516 months ago Hi, I just took my 3 year old boxer to be nerutered this morning. Like a lot of the comments I have been reading, my husband was (and still is) totally against having the dog fixed. The reason I had it done despite this fact is because my dog has been (for about the past year) dripping greenish/yellow fluid from his penis. VERY DISGUSTING! I do not think it is an infection as it only happens sporadically and is not a large amount, nonetheless, I cringe at the thought of this fluid being dripped on the carpet where it cannot be seen while my toddlers play there. I spoke with a friend who owns a male dog and she said she doesn't have that problem because her dog is neutered...I am having a hard time finding anything on the internet about it... So do you think neutering will correct this? And please tell me I am not the only one that has this problem with a male dog!!Whitney0516 months ago To tell you the truth, I'm not sure. My neutered yorkie has the same thing. Have you asked your vet about this? He may be able to check out the situation. My yorkie's been to the vet numerous times for this or that, and he has no infection or bacterial issue going on. So I'm not really sure what the issue is. It happens and stops, sporadically, generally just after he uses the bathroom.princess0816 months ago My dog is 4 years old and will be 5 in March. One of his testicles hasnt lowered so he needs to be neutered. Is it dangerous to neuter him with his condition at his age? I am really worried about it but dont want him to develop cancer if I dont get him neutered! Thanks!Whitney0516 months ago Your vet will be able to give you best answer for your dog's condition, but there shouldn't be a problem neutering him. They will remove whatever is there.  By neutering him, you can potentially reduce the risks of cancer.Scott Hunter14 months ago Thanks so much! I have been on the fence but just for the health risks alone I'm calling next week. So I (Scott) thank you even though Maximus may not feel the same.Scott Hunter14 months ago Back again. Keep him calm 7 - 14 days after! I will be lucky to keep him calm for 7 - 14 hours. LOLWish us luck!Whitney0514 months ago Try kenneling the dog to keep him calm. Good luck.Plu14 months ago Hi,My male pitbull was neutered on his first birthday and it was about 3 weeks ago.  It seems that he is more aggressive than ever, trying to attack us! Is it because of his hormon change?  He can be calm at a time but out of blue, he is very upset.  Any advise?Whitney0514 months ago How old is the dog? He's not upset about being neutered. Is he viciously trying to attack or is it in play? If he wanted to attack he would. The hormones are reduced not enhanced, so it shouldn't cause dominance or aggression increase; neutering generally has a more reduction of aggression affect, but not guaranteed bc training is necessary for cases of aggression/dominance.It's a behavioral thing more than likely. Train the dog. Work with him. Neutering isn't going to solve all problems. Generally, it doesn't cause these problems. There's something else causing the problem. He could still be sore.Plu14 months ago He is almost 13-month old. He is viciously trying to attack people. We will work with him along with vet and trainer. Thank you.Whitney0514 months ago That is very odd to hear that the neutering caused him to become aggressive. The only thing I can think of is poor breeding that has caused a pre-disposition for the temperament that was basically turned on after the surgery, in addition to poor socialization and training. It just doesn't add up that a dog (of any breed or age) become aggressive for no reason after neuter. There's something else behind it; it wasn't the neutering that caused it by any means.gsd lover13 months ago I have a beautiful GSD and he is 2 and a half years of age.Currently i was thinking of neutering him. i know there are positive and negative side to the process.Just need to know what would be best for him.Since i love him so much.He is very good with people,no aggression.because i have him under my control,and not his.What would be his chances of having hip displasia,after neutering,since he will gain weight. Please let me knowWhitney0513 months ago Hip displasia and neutering are not related. In most cases, hip displasic is genetic.Littledemas12 months ago I just neutered my recently adopted Chihuahua. He is a purebred but we decided to fix him to reduce the chance of him roaming, we live in a fairly busy city. I have never had to fix a dog before as all the rescues I have had in the past came that way. I feel a little bad about having to keep the cone collar on him, (he keeps bumping into things!!)but I don't want him to rip the wire sutures out. It's been three days since the surgery and he is back to his normal personable little self. He doesn't even know he had surgery.Donna K11 months ago I had my male dog neutered 5 days ago & wanted to know the minimum time needed before we can start to walk again. I have been walking my dog since he was 9 weeks old & we walk approx 4 1/2 miles a day. I have not walked him since the surgery, but he's now getting stir crazy.Whitney0510 months ago You can take him on walks. Just not strenuous. I wouldn't run him or walk the full 4 miles by any means. I would wait until he's healed before going back to normal with his exercise.NCBeth10 months ago I have two male Pitt/American male bulldogs that are litter mates.  I have had them since they were 5 weeks old.  They have been inseperable since 5 wks. old and I have always treated them equally.  They have a 1 1/2 acre fenced in yard to run around during the day and then they sleep inside my house every night.  They turned 1 year old Sept. 26th 2009.  My husband and two boys ages 10 and 12 have always treated them equally.  One of them started digging out under the fence to go play with another dog and consequencly had to have a shock collar.  A couple of weeks later I noticed that when I let them inside that the one without the shock collar was very jealous over myslef and my boys.  The two of them will start an all out brawl if I son't diffuse the "stare" when it starts.  I don't know it the one is sensing the intimidation of the one with his shock collar and is now feeling like he can dominate him or if it is just that they both need to be neutered and have too much testosterone.  Either way they are both being neutered on 2/26.  I am hoping that this will curb some of the jealousy.  I don't know how they can go from inserperable to now being so jealous.  They do still play and pal around together outside, it is only when myself or my children come around and they will get like this.  Do you think the neutering will help?  What else can I do.  Thank you, BethWhitney0510 months ago Neutering should cut down some of the testosterone. The protection may not change; time will tell, but neutering is definitely a good start.Artmom10310 months ago Interesting site.We adopted a rescue Cairn Terrier today.  He is being neutered and then we'll bring him home.  Will he be able to go up and down stairs immediately after surgery?  He is not housebroken, or socialized yet.  So what would you suggest, as we live in a split foyer house which means stairs no matter what in order to go outside.Whitney0510 months ago You want to keep his exercise and movement minimized as to not bust any internal or external stitches. I would be leery of stairs on the first day, but he may not even notice any behavioral or temperamental changes from the surgery, in terms of him being a little lazy. Some dogs just want to run around and act as though they never had surgery, but you still want to be careful.As for house training, don't give the dog free roam of the house until he's reliably trained. Try crate training. I would use a baby gate for the stairs to block them off until the dog is healed an house trained.Holly10 months ago Thanks for this topic! Lots of information! We just rescued our little guy from a shelter. He's about four years old and is a Tibetan Terrier mix.  A week ago he had him neutered and now he has started to pee I side a lot. It started today and he peed in our bed and pooped in our son's room. He is very well trained and has not done this previously but we have only had him two weeks so we do t know his behavioral pattern for sure.However, I was wondering if it possible that he may be trying to get our attention by doing this to tell us something is wrong. Also, his incisions look funny. Yes, plural. If he is lying on his back and you are looking at him, there is a two-inch incision starting at the base of his penis that goes up.  There is another small one to the right of that that is about an inch long pointed kinda like this: \ is this normal?  Thanks!Whitney0510 months ago You've only had the dog for 2 weeks, it's going to take adjustment time. One of my dog's didn't potty in the house for a few weeks, then started; she was adopted at about 5 months old.It's more than likely a matter of training. One can't really expect a new dog to be fully house trained even if it was before hand. New environment, new rules, new schedules.It is odd that there are two incisions. Personally, I'd find another vet to give you a second opinion on the incision.Holly10 months ago Thanks! I figured as much just worry easily! Great page again!Ibizancrazy10 months ago Thanks for this post. I have found that people need all the encouragement they can get to alter their pets.The snotty, yellow to green discharge that is seen at the tip of the penis, especially in the morning or after urination, is called "smegma". It is the product of glands in the area and in small amounts is considered normal (FYI bacteria will almost always be "cultured" from this discharge as the prepuce is not a "clean" area). Smegma is worrisome if copious, or if it is seen in a mature animal which did not normally have it. Then it could be due to an infection or a foreign body within the preputial sheath (ouch). Incidentally, even people who say their dog does not have this problem may be surprised if they ever pulled the prepuce back (I do not recommend doing this--again just FYI)! Neutering does decrease the frequency/amount of smegma produced.Also scrotal swelling after neutering can be 'normal' though is not frequent. It is usually due to 'minor hemorrhage(bleeding)' from vessels within the deeper skin, fat under the skin, or the fibrous tissues that are cut to expose the testicles for removal. If it is present immediately after surgery, the vet should show you before you take the dog home so that you can monitor. If it occurs after you take the dog home or worsens, it should be evaluated by your vet. The swelling within the scrotum is actually a large blood clot that the body will absorb over time. For the person whose dog had to be kept for several days due to the severity of the swelling and bruising aong the incision line and beyond, I would be concerned about clotting disorders.GoldieMom10 months ago This is such a great site!  Very informative.I have a 4 year old golden retriever, absolutely stunning. I have had others before but this one is unlike any of them; his nature is so "high energy" that you would think he's a Jack Russell!  He's incredibly smart, but when he focuses on something like the leash, going in the car, etc., it's almost impossible to get him to focus on me and listen to commands.  His hyper behavior really is exhausting.  He is not neutered, financial concerns, and I am wondering if that might help with his constant "on the go" nature.  He does not have any aggression issues at all, no marking inside, he's just always in such a state of overexcitement that I am beginning to not like him very much.Whitney0510 months ago Neutering may help the Jack Russell's hyperness, but that is just a trait of the breed. Hyper Jack Russells are a dime a dozen. That's their main associative trait.MPG Narratives10 months ago Whitney,Thanks for a great,informative hub. I agree with you to leave breeding to the experts, there are too many unwanted dogs in shelters already.Tyson51410 months ago My 10 month old male pug was neutered 3 days ago, he's been doing great so far.  The vet gave us amoxil to give him just to prevent an infection from happening.  But i have noticed since his surgery he's been randomly peeing in the house.  He's not doing it while walking, he's actually squatting and peeing.  He still rings the bells when he has to go out, but continues to randomly pee like he can't control it.  Tonight after his nap he woke up for like 3 seconds squatted while on the couch and peed!!!  Also, his urine has an odor that is not normal, could this be from the antibiotic?  Should i call my vet? I know it's normal to pee randomly on the day of the surgery, but 3 days after??Whitney0510 months ago I would keep an eye on him. Each dog is different, so 3 days may be acceptable. You may want to call your vet just in case, though.kmlawrence10 months ago I have a question and maybe this is the wrong spot, but I have to ask and see if someone can help.Our 21 month old Great Dane passed away very unexpectedly last night - since it was late Sunday night the emergency vet said there was no place available to do an autopsy so we do not know exactly what killed him. She said by morning it would be too late, and results unreliable.The dog was perfectly fine, and we were also told he was in good health at his trips to the vet. There was absolutely nothing wrong with him.Vet said her first instinct was heart or embolism. He was just at vet 4 months earlier for neutering. Procedure seemed to be OK though he did get massive swelling, a lot.We called the vet they said to let it go and it should go down, just to have him take it easy, if it didn't get better in two weeks to let them now. It finally did go down a little after two weeks.Last night he just passed away while he was sleeping at the top of the stairs. He was laying there in one of his spots, when our doorbell rang he didn't come down - we knew something wasn't right. We found him gone.Is it possible a clot could have formed from all that swelling and just now affected him??? We do not know how this happened, and this is only thing he had done.Whitney0510 months ago It is correct that the body would not be good the next day unless the day of death, the dog's body was put in a fridge. Typically, a nearby vet university would have been able to do an autopsy. There are some regular vets that can do basic autopsies.I am not a vet, but would say that 4 months later, the neutering wouldn't have caused any heart complications. Complications after a simple neuter typically occur quickly. Swelling is normal, especially on an older, large dog. My aunt had her 1.5 year old great dane neutered, and he was swollen for weeks; so much so that she didn't think the vet had even neutered him.Again, I am not a vet, but I do not think that a clot was caused by swelling associated with his neuter.I am sorry for your loss. I wish that you would have been able to get answers.Kim9 months ago I have a 18 week old male yellow lab.  The breeder advised us to neuter him between 12-18 months old. She asked us not to let the vet talk us into neutering him earlier.  Breeder says he needs the hormones to develop a thick head and chest.  We have never had a male dog before.  The vet says to neuter him at 6 months and that the surgery is much harder at a year and would be considered a major surgery at that point.  I'm confused......I appreciate the breeder's opinions as she has beautiful dogs, but then again, the vet is medically trained.  Can you offer any advice??Whitney059 months ago It is true that the older the dog, the harder it is for the dog to take surgery and the longer it may take to heal. Sort of like how in people, the older you are the longer it takes to heal and the harder surgery is on the body.Different breeders and vets will give you different opinions. I have 2 vets- 1 says 6 months and the other says as soon as the pup reaches a required weight.From my understanding, the growth hormone is reduced with spay/neuter, but the dog will not suffer in size if neutered earlier.You want to be careful, as if you have a breeder contract, you can't neuter until the specified age. Some of the more reputable breeders will make customers sign contracts in order to purchase a pup.Kim9 months ago I have to provide proof to the breeder that the pup does get neutered but the age is not in the contract. That was more her advice to us. I love big dogs, but if you feel his overall size won't suffer, I may go with the vet's advice. I was also concerned about some of the habits he may develop if I wait until one year of age, such as marking his territory (or my furniture!). Are those behaviors minimized with early neutering?Whitney059 months ago Gotcha. That will help you out. Personally, I don't think that the size will matter. The dog will grow to its potential no matter what.Yes, to some degree early neutering can minimize roaming, humping, territory marking, and aggression caused by testosterone, but, in general, that doesn't mean that the dog will never elicit these behaviors.Generally, a house-trained dog won't mark the furniture; territorial signs are more protectiveness toward home and boundaries. Possession marking is typically when the dog marks objects.You will never find a definite answer as to whether or not earlier neutering will stunt growth. There is no way to study that. All dogs grow differently. Dogs of the same gender and litter will not grow at the same rate, or grow to be the exact same size. I've seen a dog of a litter grow up smaller (or larger) than all the other pups in the litter and the parents; all being spayed/neutered at the same time and age. All dogs grow different.Unfortunately, there just won't ever be a 100% answer to this debate. You can take two males or two females from the same pure-bred litter- alter one at say 6 months and the other at 12 months, and you will still never have a definite answer because those two dogs were predestined to grow differently. You can continue this study through different breeds and litters, but in my opinion, you'll never have a definite answer. In some cases, you'll have the unaltered dog grow smaller and in others larger than the altered dog.You can ask 50 different vets and breeders about the topic, and the likelihood that you'll have 2 of the exact same opinions probably isn't going to happen. You are just going to have to make your own judgment call.napoleon&josey9 months ago We have a 6 year old male chihuahua that we are about to neuter (we always kept him on leash and never really considered having him snipped) now due to travel its just easier to have him neutered so we can put him in a kennel, selfish im sure, but hes not using them, and hes not a stud, and lets be honest its a bit gross with the unnecessary junk juice on the couch (excuse my language). our only concern is his behaviour, we love him so much the way he is! i don't want him to change.Whitney059 months ago I assume when you say he's on a leash, that means when walked and not all the time? Boarding kennels still board un-altered dogs. Before my yorkie was neutered, he was boarded at the vet and at a boarding facility a few times; it was never a problem. They keep unaltered dogs away from the others, if allowed outside to play. At 6 years old, you probably won't notice that much change in his behavior. Neutering only cuts out hormones that can have an effect on aggression, need search for a mate, and such.It is quite beneficial to have him neutered for health reasons, although it is later than recommended.Kathleen and Beau9 months ago My 2 year old English Cream Golden Retriever Beau has just started spraying  in the house (we have 2 other older female dogs)  If I have him neautered (and because he has just started this bad habit) would his chances of breaking that habit be better?  Also he has just started barking at other dogs about the same time.  Would it stop aggressionWhitney059 months ago I don't think that the barking is aggression. If the dog was aggressive, you'd see more signs than just barking and spraying. It is possible that neutering will stop him from spraying, but since it's all of a sudden started, you may want to see what's causing it. Has something changed in the house? A routine, furniture, number of people or pets, anything?Kathleen and Beau9 months ago Nothing has changed and he always does it in the same spot- on a plastic sheet covered witha towel in front of the doggie door (it has been wet in California) and the barking is a mean bark to dogs he does not know.  I have scheduled the neutering for this Friday.  I'll  let you know how it goesWhitney059 months ago Barking at dogs he doesn't know still doesn't mean aggression, it's probably more territorial. It sounds like he just doesn't want to go out of the doggie door, if he's going right at the door.Kathleen and Beau9 months ago Thanks, I will let you know if neutering helps with these two new personality traits.Whitney059 months ago Just remember it won't be an automatic change, like flipping a switch.johneee9 months ago I fall into that category of guys that doesn't like to neuter male dogs. I know you are rolling your eyes right now, but I feel pain for them...Kathleen and Beau9 months ago Well it is the day after surgery and I have to ask about the incision.  It looks like they left one testicle on - is that just skin that will tighten?  He has the collar on and is very unhappy- kind of a blank look on his face-will this change?Whitney059 months ago The skin will tighten up when the swelling goes down. He probably has a blank look because of the elizabethan collar and confused about it. Give him time.Kathleen and Beau9 months ago Thanks for the reassurance.  I'll let you know about the personality changes.GWG2atl8 months ago You have a great looking bully there...I have a RE blue male bully that is 9 months old.  I have done ALOT of reading and research about getting my boy fixed. (seems it's always the girls that don't have any problem with it)  I want to get him fixed eventually but I want his frame to grow to its max potential including his head.  I have read that removing the test from his system too early can affect this.  He doesn't have any bad male habits and he isn't going to have an opportunity to mate...is waiting until he is 2 yrs any different?Michelle8 months ago I had my 5 year old poodle/ terrier neutered a few months ago but today I found him and my female "stuck" together !!! I thought the urge to mate would go away after the procedure... is it something that diminishes with time?? is it possible that he could have impregnanted her ???Whitney058 months ago GWG2atl, Some believe that by neutering early, it can stunt growth, but others believe that the dog will grow to it potential no matter what. Neutering is definitely a good choice that you're making. The dog should still grow to his potential no matter what. There is no amount of studies that can be performed to prove whether or not spay and neutering will reduce growth since all dogs grow differently, even pups from the same litter. I have seen dogs not neutered or spayed that have not grown to the same size as those that were altered. I have seen dogs grow to different sizes, smaller or larger than the parents whether spayed or neutered. There's no way to test the theory, and there's not enough evidence that shows waiting will make the dog bigger, so to speak.Michelle, the behaviors aren't eliminated immediately. It will take time. Also keep in mind that males can still impregnate a female up to a week or two after the surgery, so if your female is in heat, you will need to watch closely.GWG2atl8 months ago Michelle...actually there are studies that show the difference in neutered and unaltered dogs growth patterns.  Dogs neutered early will tend to be taller and narrower chested and have higher chance of bone cancer and hip dysplasia (in large breeds) and smaller overall skull size.  The dogs need the hormone during growth to ensure their growth plates seal properly...this happens usually before 1 yr old. Without it there legs conitnue to grow sometimes when they shouldn't.  This is why you wait to alter a horse (gelding) until it shows enough maturity.  My specific question was is 2 years long enough...it seems like it should be though...I thought maybe you had some insight.Whitney058 months ago You are right that there are studies, but these studies do not have a large enough value that most vets actually use. I spoke with a specialist while I was taking my dog to a university vet, and she said that generally there is not enough proof or evidence that spaying will cause any health problems. There are some studies, but the research is not enough to set a standard. They still get their hormone growth; it only decreases the certain hormones slightly. The main changes are in testosterone and estrogen, which in general doesn't have enough basis to say not to alter because of growth and bone concerns.I do have insight, and that is my insight. There is not enough evidence to accommodate that theory. One cannot study growth as each dog grows differently within a litter and within a breed.Spaying should be done before a first heat, and neutering should be done around 6 months.Most medium-large dogs are done growing at between 1- 1.5. Two years is about the length of time for a large-XL size dog.Renee Stolte Lagerstrom8 months ago I have a little dog he is mixed with tax and pomerainen he is 6yrs old.. He is so mean has bit 5 people. we have a time to have him fixed next week.. will this help him not to be so mean?Whitney058 months ago It may, but it really depends on why the dog is biting. I'm sure the dog is giving warning signs, as all dogs do before a bite; the warnings mean "stop before I bite." I would recommend neutering the dog. It won't be an automatic fix. You need to train the dog.NIPPER7 months ago Hi i have a male yourkshire terrier he is 18 months old,i want to get him nutered people have told me if i do he will not be the same playful dog that he is, is this true?Whitney057 months ago No. Neutering will not cause your dog to lose all playfulness. He will still be the same dog. You may see some changes in him, but nothing overly drastic.I neutered my yorkie at 3 years, and haven't seen any less playfulness from him. It did reduce his dominance issues that I was having with him.raisingme7 months ago I have three Papillons and we did let our female have one litter only because we had homes for the couple of puppies I expected her to have.  Two to three is a normal litter size and it was her first and only litter.  She had FIVE and it was very stressful finding really good forever homes for them. I had two people that were perfect homes other than I was insisting the pups be fixed and they didn't want to do that.  Not because they wanted to breed but because they were afraid of complications due to surgery.  What I did was have them come to the vet with me when the puppy of their choice along with litter mates got their shots.  I had my vet talk to them and I got a check from them over and above the cost of their puppy post dated six months from the date of purchase in the amount of $250.00 that would be returned to them as soon as they provided me proof from a vet that their pups had been fixed.  Both parties got their $250.00 back.  The puppy we kept is next along with his 3 year old 'dad'.  My question is that while the 3 year old has a beautiful coat the puppy's coat has been very slow coming in.  I have been toying with the idea of leaving it until his coat comes in before getting him neutered - does it make any difference one way or the other?Whitney057 months ago It is good that you found homes for the pups. I don't think that neutering will cause any affect on hair, at least not that I've ever heard.Shirley7 months ago Hello. I appreciate the forum and the information and experiences posted by users.I am taking care of my adult son's 90lb. pit bull male. His disposition and behavior is exactly the opposite of everything seen in the media about this breed; extremely sweet, submissive, loving and a real companion.The only problem (besides his size and splattering my walls with slobber) is his extreme excitement when someone comes to my house or if I am forced to take him to the vet. With his sheer size and strength, there is no controlling him. There is not a sign of any aggression - just excitement.The last vet trip to get vaccinations, i was told neutering might calm him.He is probably about 6 years old. Other than the hope to calm him and hopefully eliminating the sticky drops on the floor from his penis, I don't know if it would be worth the risk to have him neutered at this point. (He doesn't hump or anything like that). The biggest fear is he would be that one in a million that something would go wrong for. It would be devastating to my (already emotionally troubled) son.Feedback appreciated.christina7 months ago I have a neutered boston terrier that gets awful erections pretty frequently- say once a week. Sometimes the erection is so severe that he's clearly uncomfortable and it begins to turn deep purple. His little penis cover skin gets stretched so tight it constricts him and he can't seem to stop the erection. He will let me hold him and kind of clings to me like when he was a baby for what seems like a long time before the erection subsides. I can tell he's really uncomfortable. His prostate also gets so swollen and hard- poor thing. Should I worry?Trudy7 months ago I just had my Golden Retiever neutered he just turned one as advised by the breeder we got him from to wait a year. I have had 2 other Goldens and got them fixed at 6 months I never had a problem afterwards. Ace the one I just got fixed is having some major issues he has had diarrhea for 2 days now and throwing up the vet just gave me a prescription of Metronidazole from the information that I have read about this is medicine for infection. Do you think this will help or did something go wrong with surgery that is causing this? He had surgery 4 days ago. I seem to be getting no where with answers from the vet.Kris7 months ago I have a 7 month old Mini Poodle who was just wonderful up until he got neutered. He was so calm and listened to all my commands...but ever since he's gotten home from the surgery he's been "wild"...running like a madman biting when playing chewing almost everything having frequent accidents in the house..basically puppy behvaior and he graduated from puppy training a motnh ago..any suggestions?dave6 months ago having no testosterone would effect a big dogs muscles for sure, which would eventually effect his ligaments and bones, resulting in hip problems etcJoanna6 months ago Hi! Thanks for a great article. Our sweet rescue hound was surgically neutered about 36 hours ago. He is 50 lbs. and just over 5 months (our contract with the rescue required neutering between 5-6 months). He was very quiet and sleepy for the first 24 hours, then suddenly decided he was all better. After a couple of hours in his crate, even with exciting treats and chews, he starts barking and throwing himself at the door to get out. Outside of his crate, he won't stop playing, by himself or with our 30-lb. female. Their play isn't too crazy by dog standards. He is showing no sign of pain or licking his incision, which I can barely even find. Any suggestions, or do you think this level of activity is ok if he's not hurting?Whitney056 months ago You want to keep him as calm as you can as to not bust the stitches. Just keep an eye on him and the wound until your next followup visit. It's good that he's done well.Sherilind6 months ago I have a 3 yr old basset hound I just had nuetered 4 days ago and that night his scrotom/testicle area swelled to about the size of a grapefruit. I called the vet and they said that is normal in large breed dogs. Well now it is Sat and the swelling has reduced alittle, but he his leaving blood spots everywhere. It doesn't seem to becoming from stitches more like the swollen sac. Is this normal?gabriella6 months ago i have 4 dogs, two husky mix brother and sister (4months), two chi mixes boy (1yr) and girl (7months). the boy chi is getting neutered next month because his aggression has gotten worse towards other dogs and barks, but never bites at people, until i introduce them. he's never bitten anyone or any dog, he just growls and barks incessantly when he sees other dogs. i take them all to a dog park and while the other 3 play, he sits with me and growls at every dog that comes close. he wont play with my boy husky, but he will with my girls. will neutering help in any way? i want him to be able to at least not bark at every dog that passes. he also barks at people when i dont walk him on a leash, if hes on one, he just ignores them, unless they have dogs. i love him sooo much, all my dogs. i dont want to get rid of any of them because he wont get along with them. as he's gotten older, his territorial behavior has just gotten worse and i'm going crazy. please, some advice. i also have to make him wear a diaper since my girl chi isn't fully potty trained, if she has an accident, he's all over it, already peeing on it.ps, my huskies are getting neutered a week after my chi and the girl very soon too. i've never bred them, and have NO intentions on doing so. 4 is quite enough.Whitney056 months ago It is poosible that neutering will help. It may not cut out all behavior problems, but it may help some. You will probably need to consult a behaviorist or trainer to help with the dog's dog aggression issues.Jana6 months ago It's sad to hear so many people talking about breeding their personal pets just for fun or because the dog "needs the experience".... they aren't people and shouldn't be treated like people. It is more respectful to treat them like dogs. They don't need the "experience" and purposely bringing more dogs into the world while billions are out there sitting in cages waiting to die is pretty pitiful. I support professional breeders that keep the breeds we all know and love continuing, but backyard breeders who think it's cute or the dog needs to be a mommy/daddy really need a wake up call. spay and neuter ALWAYS unless you are a professional with strict restrictions on who buys your animals.MJ6 months ago We had a small dog (looks to be a long-hair chihauhau) abandoned on our farm, and it appears to be a neutered male - how can I tell for sure? My other dogs are female so I'm not as familiar with the "appearance". Thanks.Whitney056 months ago You can have a vet examine the dog. If it's an adult and there aren't any balls, then more than likely he's neutered. You should try to find the owner of the dog, and until you can ensure the dog is of good health, keep him away from your dogs so that they don't contract anything from him.Milly6 months ago we have adopted a friends dog he is a red and blue pit he is a little over a year old and is not fixed he has a great personality but he has been like biteing or something on his private and he sprays like well you know and we keep finding him doing this and it take a bit to even go back in. Would it help to get him fixed we don't plan on breeding him so I see no point to not fix him but just wanted to knowif this will fix this nasty problem.Jan6 months ago I have a 3 month old male bichon/maltese mix who weighs 3.5 pounds. I would like to get him neutered this month, as I am a teacher and can be home with him while he recovers from the surgery. We are also still in the process of house training, so I will also be home to work on any possible regression in this process.However, after reading the comments, I wonder if it is a bad idea to neuter at this age. If I wait until he is 6 months, I will not be able to stay home with him for a few days following the surgery(our vet neuters on Wednesdays only). Also, hopefully he will be fully trained by then, and I have heard from numerous places that many dogs have some problems with bladder control for a while following surgery and need to go out more frequently or regress in their training.Do I do it this summer at 3-4 months of age when I can be with him all the time and supervise/monitor his recovery or do I wait until he's six months knowing that I will not be able to be home with him for the days following surgery? (Taking him to someone else's house or having someone come stay at my house to watch him isn't an option for me.)Whitney056 months ago It is really up to you. Many vets are comfortable at neutering as early as 6-8 weeks, so at 12 weeks your pup should be fine. Weight is always a concern, as many prefer to wait until the pup is of a certain weight, but with small breeds it can be harder to gauge that.I'd suggest just talking to your vet to see what he says. I don't see a problem in neutering now, as you have the time to spend with him, but there is always a risk with surgery. Neutering is a pretty simple process though, generally nothing too invasive.LM 6 months ago I have 2 male chows both 7 months old. Not from the same litter but have been together since 6 weeks of age. They have always played and have gotten along great until I had them both neutered last Thursday. Since then they have fought twice and I mean blood drawing, teeth nashing FIGHTING! They both had to wear E-Collars for 2 days and they are both still showing some signs of discomfort.I am hoping the fighting is just from being irratable. What do you think and do you have any advice? Have you ever heard of this before?Trisha5 months ago I have a 15 month old Bloodhound that I had neutered a 8 days ago.  I have had nothing but problems. First they swelled up to three times the size they were before he was neutered. I then took him back to the vet and he opened the incesion again to drain and said there was very little drainage, that he was just swollen.  Now he has gone back to peeing in the house.  He was completely housebroken.  If he need to go, he will go to the door but before you can get the door open he starts trickling in the floor like he can't hold it.  He sleeps in a crate and last night he peed in the crate (and not just a little).  Needless to say I wish I had never had it done.Whitney055 months ago Sometimes there is an adjustment in potty behaviors. Just give it time. Your decision was a good one.Keith S5 months ago Every male dog I have had has been neutered spelled castrated.It's essentially the same process they do to make stallions into geldings, bulls into steers, and the Chinese emperors did to make their court officials into eunuchs,  etc. etc. Castration is a process that is done to make male mammals more docile and easier to handle,(steer fighting is not popular in Spain), as well as to prevent male mammals from breeding and fighting.I believe in neutering male dogs that are not being bred because it is the lesser of two evils, castration of male mammals does create a change in their physiology. To claim it doesn't is to deny science.Rebecca5 months ago Hi.  I brought home a shelter dog last week, an unneutered male beagle.  My 8 year-old lab and he have had fights over food, and he growled at my husband when they were wrestling...the dog was not playing.  Also, he marks inside the house.  I will get him neutered ASAP, but will it help the aggression and peeing?  He's at least six years old.  We don't want to get rid of him, after we just brought him home.  He's sweet other than those incidents.Thank you for any advice.Whitney055 months ago Keep in mind that you just brought the dog home. It will take some adjustment time.As for food aggression, that's harder to fix than just neutering the dog. Neutering may help some of the concerns, but do keep in mind you just brought the dog home. It's going to take training for the dog to get used to your schedule and for you to get used to his.Jillian5 months ago We have a 6 month old Papillion/Shih-Tzu he is fun and playful but already rest alot...Will this make him less playfulWhitney055 months ago No. It shouldn't.Ruth5 months ago I just had my year and a half dog neutered. He sits and crys when I put on the Elizathen collar, when i take it off he just licks the whole time. He now has an infection and is on antibiotics. He sits and won't move till i give him a tug on his collar. He was so happy before. Did i make a mistake? Will he revert to the happy playful dog he was?Whitney055 months ago Think of it this way: you've just had surgery, you probably wouldn't just bounce back and be your regular self... Give the dog some time.boonerman5 months ago I have adopted two stray(probably abandoned) dogs. One is male and one is female. I took them to the vet the next morning for shots and such. The vet said they are probably about 6-10 months old and they "appear" to be from the same litter- and then asked me this, "how many more puppies do you want"? Think total disgust...I had them "fixed" two days later! The male(brother) still attempts to mount his sister regularly.My question is: Can he still "perform the act", without testicles?Whitney055 months ago That's pretty funny.He can still perform the acts without testicles, but after about 48 hours or so, he can no longer get a female pregnant.Ashleigh5 months ago My puppy is almost six months old and is getting altered tomorrow. But I've recently heard some bad things about getting your dog altered before he matures. Such as a higher rish for bone cancer and a stunted growth. Are these true? I will get him altered eventually I'm just not sure if I should wait.Whitney055 months ago There has not been any confirmation about bone cancer and altering a dog before it matures. I've spoken to a vet about the situation as my APBT has had bone cancer. She said some say that, but there isn't enough evidence to prove it is accurate.As for growth, that's something that some people believe, but again there's no proof and no way to prove it. All dogs grow differently, and even dogs of the same litter grow at different paces and average sizes as adults. There's just no way to prove altering a dog earlier will cause any growth problems.I would suggest just going ahead with the procedure.Adana4 months ago My 7 month old yorkie was neutered 2 days ago and he has been very restless, and barking quite a bit. He also has been waking up much earlier tan usual. Could this possibly be due to pain? Though he has been put on pain medication. When we take him outside due to the barking he also seems to be fine, his barking stops, and acts completely normal.Whitney054 months ago I would limit the pain meds. He doesn't know his tolerance, as he's not feeling the pain. Most vets don't prescribe meds for a simple neutering, much less at all unless the surgery was a complicated one.robyn4 months ago My dachsund was castrated 6 weeks ago and now he regularly pees on the floor, on the couch as if he is marking his territiry..what can i do about this? he is 4 years old.Omar4 months ago Hi,I neuterd my dog on the age of 11 months, and he recovred well and everything, it has been about 2 months, today i brought a friends dog, but i noticed that my dog still have a sexual habbits... so i don't know if this is normal or not... also his size isn't getting any bigger, is it related or not. thanksKim3 months ago My daughter has a 10 month old husky/lab mix and he is just a pain. He barks, he chews on everything in site including our house and anything attached to it. He also loves to dig. We have 2 other dogs as well, a 4 year old female purebred black lab and a 3 year old female purebred mini dachsund, not spayed and we don't have that problem with them. So before my daughter goes off to college she is planning on getting him neutered. Do you think that will help with his disobedience. He is so high strung and I am worried about him destroying her rental.Whitney053 months ago It is possible. Huskies are very intelligent, but they aren't the best for everyone as they are quite stubborn and can be very dominant. Mixing that with a lab, which can be a puppy until 2-3 years old, digging, chewing, and destroying the house until then. The dog needs a training. Neutering may help, but that won't solve everything if training isn't sought.Wanda3 months ago In my area the shelter offers spay and neutering voucher. Some vets accept the voucher as the total fee and some use it as a discount rate. A male escaping their yard in search of a female can encounter all kinds of danger. I would say check with your local shelter to see if you can get a voucher.maisie3 months ago i have a 1 1/2 year old pug who marks his territory everywhere i have corrected and corrected since day one i've rubbed his nose in it, used a newspaper, limited food and water, everything i can think of he goes tuesday to get nuetered. i've already had to throw out on couch and i'm getting ready to lay new carpet and hardwood floors will the madness stop? i hate to say it i love my little buddy but if it doesn't we'll have to find him a new home pugs can't handle the heat or cold so being a outside dog isn't a option here in ohio and its not fair or reasonable for me to keep my kids off the floor even tho they get scrubbed immediately and shampooed way more often than most. any suggestions if nuetering doesn't stop him?bigredd593 months ago I have a 10 year old chow/shepard mix and a 7 year old beagle/golden retriever mix. My 10 year old chow mix has to be put on a cable because he tends to escape the fence anytime he is loose and my 7 year old beagle mix is left to run free. My problem is my chow mix is not fixed and he is agressive towards my other dog when we are in the yard with them. I do not know how they get along when we are gone but there have been times I have come out the back door and my chow mix is loose too. I am moving to a bigger place that has a huge yard in the country, and I want them both to be able to run free, but I am afraid they will fight because of the older dogs agression to the younger one. The older one is not fixed, but the younger one is. Does anyone think it might help to get the 10 year old chow mix neutered as well? I just want him to be free like the other dog.David3 months ago My three year old was just neutered.  I wasn't aware that they left the scrotum intact.  His first day home and it looked like a giant shriveled raisin... now in day three it has started to fill with fluid and it looks like he has balls again.  Is this normal? How long will it stay like that?  I actually dont mind the look of it as I was reluctant to get the operation done in the first place, but wasn't sure if anyone knows if it is normal.  He hasn't been licking it very much at all and the vet game me an antibiotic (cephalexin)to take 3 times a day for 10 days.  Should I be concerned or call the emegency number they gave me?buddy's mom3 months ago My dog was neutered 5 days ago and this morning he started to bleed from his incision site.  I took him to the vet and they said the scab came off he has a bleeder, which is bleeding more than normal.  The only option they gave was putting him back under to tie it off.  Is there something else that can be done?  Should I take him to a different vet?nikki3 months ago how can i stop my dog from humping everything including mid air without having him neuterdyossi3 months ago Should try and keep him obedience trained, depends on the breed i presume some dogs can be trained out of it.Elisha242 months ago To Maisie,I have 4 dogs. The oldest who is also the younger 3s' mother is house trained, the 3 pups are 14months old and I am just now getting them house trained. I too tried almost everything(excluding rubbing their noses in it, that is unsanitary and never a good idea), now they are being crate trained and it is working very well. The dogs must stay in their crate when they are in the house except when they eat. They will not go potty in such a confined space. You can also use a short leash although this is less comfortable for the dogs. When you want them to potty you take them out of their crate and then outside IMMEDIATELY. Then it's back in the crate. They will also need to go outside for play, cuddles and most importantly fitness. Then it's back in the crate. After about 1 to 2 months of this they should be trained. I have been at it for 3 weeks now and it has been tough seeing them locked up, but it is for you and your families well-being. I have a 6 year old and am planning to have another child soon and I know what it's like to have to scrub floors all day and replace furniture. It is EXTREMELY unsanitary for your household to have constant feces in your living area and you are right to be concerned. My husband has been wanting to get rid of my dogs for a while but now they are truly making progress. They have shown many other improvements as well, such as quicker response to commands and less aggressiveness to each other(2 males both neutered and 2 females not yet spayed due to health concerns). The mother, Sasha was abandoned and very pregnant when I took her in and this was my first and last litter. She was horribly abused and is still terrified of men after more than a year with me. This caused her to have accidents for a while but she soon calmed enough to learn the rules. DO NOT HIT YOUR DOG TO TRAIN HIM/HER! It will only scare the animal. What he/she is doing is a natural need. The dog will not know why you are angry so just stay calm and take the dog outside right after any accident and tell the dog "outside". Then tie up or put your dog in a crate when he/she is brought back inside. Getting your dog neutered may or may not have an impact on his accidents but it certainly wont hurt him. Remember, a washed surface doesn't necessarily mean a clean surface. If your dog is allowed to roam free in the house he will pee/spray repeatedly until the behavior is corrected which will only cost you more money and possibly your health if the spray seeps into the hardwood.Maria Cecilia2 months ago My dog Peso is neutered, but there are 2 things I learned here, the a newly neutered dog can still impregnated a female and there is such a thing as fake testicle. This is very informative and all very true. Peso was never a sad dog after his surgeryMandi Aubert2 months ago I have never had this happen before,  anyone else?  I had my pup of 5 1/2 months neutered.The dog was fully house trained, but now can't hold his bladder.  He will urinate in his sleep. I get up in the morning and his bed and crate are soaked.   He was in his bed and jumped out of it quickly and ran for the door... there was a puddle in his bed and as I was running to let him out, he was standing there urinating uncontrollably.I asked my daughter about it since she works at the vets office that neutered him and she said they have never seen it before either.Maria Cecilia2 months ago better consult the vet more, I didnt experience that with PesoMustang2 months ago I had my dog neutered two days ago. Yesterday the scrotum was a bit red and today it is quite red/purple.  We have the cone on him now but didn't have one initially so there was some licking. Also he is very excited when anyone comes home so he definitely has been jumping despite our attempts to keep him calm. The scrotum is slightly swollen but no more than when he first came home. Incision looks good.  Does he need further attention?Tara_2 months ago Hey, I think your peice is really informative, I hope you read mine and fins it as interesting! Tips would be appreiciated! Thanks :)craigb1827 weeks ago Strangely I found when we had our male lhasa apso neutered he became aggressive towards larger dogs and strangers for about 8 months after his operation. Thankfully he has settled down now and I have put it down to some form of hormonal imbalance. Good hub by the way.duran7 weeks ago I have a mixed breed dog and he is quit active male of course and I am thinking about getting him fixed for the fact that when other dogs are around he will not leave them alone wants to lick and try to breed them will he sop that if I got him fixed?Annette5 weeks ago i wonder if neutering will help my 8 yr old, un-neutered, border collie STOP peeing around the house! he's Never peed inside up until about 6 months ago - now we go out to do business and he does it and then finishes up on the family room floor or the kids' bedroom floor, no matter how long we're outside - i can't take it anymoreStacy4 weeks ago My dog was neutered at the shelter before I got him, they guessed him to be 2months old. He is 18 months now and I did not know until now that it is safer to wait until they are older. Are there any supplements or foods I can give him to help prevent him from having any problems later in life? Calcium tablets or anything like that?Louie4 weeks ago What gets on my nerves is the official breeders who use the argument 'there are too many unwanted dogs in the world' against normal pet owners who wish to breed from their animals. Well, pure bred dogs can become unwanted too. Also, mixed breeds like the Jackadoodles etc are becoming more and more popular, probably because they're genetically stronger and often a bit more unique. I think the official breeders are just bitter because others are stealing their trade. They are snobs and they should just shut up.v3 weeks ago Hi,We are going to get our dog neutered. We are also planing on getting another puppy as a play mate. Should we get the new dog first and let them get to know each other and have the operation a month or so later or have the op first and after recovery get the new dog? What will be better for our current dog?Whitney053 weeks ago Have the procedure done first. Let the dog heal, and then try to introduce a new dog.will3 weeks ago Hi,I got my dog through PAWS in Chicago 2 years ago when he was approx. 9 months old.  He was neutered.  He was very friendly and full of energy and still is.  great guy.However, he has become increasingly aggressive with other dogs whole we are walking.He also will stop in the middle of walking or sleeping and nip at his groin.  He will hold the skin around his penis in his mouth as if it is irritated.  I can see two loose lumps that look an awful lot like testicles under the skin.  Is it possible that his procedure was done incorrectly or needs to be checked?I worry that he is in pain.   I also worry that this is contributing to his aggression.Any insight you could provide would be appreciated.Thanks,WillWhitney053 weeks ago Being that it is such a long time from the procedure, I highly doubt that is causing the aggression.Could it be pain? It is possible. You may want to have a vet do a once over physical to see if there is anything wrong with the dog, but I highly doubt at this time over a year since the neuter, that the procedure caused such a delayed mistake.If there was going to be a complication such as aggression or pain, it would have been within weeks or months not over a year.will3 weeks ago Hey thanks!I am going to take him to the vet to see if she notices something I am not.I appreciate your thoughts.-WPSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites99Whitney05From Georgia3156 Followers959 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by Whitney05Follow Whitney05Subscribe to Whitney05's RSS feedAnswers The QuestionHubMob Weekly Topic: All About Pets: The different stories, advice and tips that have to do with themasked by Ryan Hupfer 2 years ago49 answersAnswer this question Ask a QuestionAsk Whitney05 a question based on this Hub.Questions Asked on this HubMy male dog (2 yrs old) was altered yesterday and his ball sac is reddish purple.  Is this normal?asked by vgreene 9 days ago2 answersAnswer this questionmy 3 year male pitbull was not neutered but his health was fine he started bleeding from his...asked by boogi3 2 weeks ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsSpaying Your Female Dogby Whitney05What You Need To Know About Spaying and Neuteringby rdelpWhy Do We Keep Pets? Is Keeping Pets Wrong?by Shil1978Why Should You Adopt a Dogby Whitney05Tips for a Female Dog in Heatby Whitney05Are No-Kill Shelters More Humane?by habee Animal Rights and Welfare ForumTopicReplieswould you make your child kill their pet as punishmentposted by bonny201078animal abuseposted by megan5427Should dogs have shock collars?posted by FactAndFiction42Post a new topic12 more topics Tagspets hubmob dog health neutering spay and neuter male dogs Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.404 sec)  working