Poll: Obama Beats Any Republican in 2012 // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 219Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 16, 2010| 45 commentsPoll: Obama Beats Any Republican in 2012source: http://www.politicsdaily.com/2010/12/15/obama-in-good-shape-for-2012-despite-current-woes-po...An error occurred while setting up video display.TimALoftis added thisHis party got hammered in the midterm election, he's taking heat for compromising with Republicans on taxes and his approval levels are hovering around 45 percent, but a new survey concludes President Obama's prospects for re-election in 2012 are fairly strong.The Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll out Thursday finds while only 42 percent of respondents say they'd probably vote for the president if he runs again, just 39 percent say they'd vote for a Republican. Ten percent say it depends who the GOP opponent is.But when you put a Republican name into the equation, the numbers change -- in favor of Obama. The president leads former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney 47 to 40 percent. Sen. John Thune of South Dakota trails by 20 points, 47 to 27 percent.The president leads former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 55 to 33 percent. NBC says that 22 percent spread is "an indication that the former Republican vice presidential nominee remains a polarizing figure who actually wins support for Mr. Obama."The survey finds that nearly three-quarters of Americans personally like the president, even if they don't agree with his stands on the issues.Democratic pollster Peter Hart tells NBC the White House can see this poll as a pretty good review at the half-way point of his first term."From my point of view, this poll is anything but a lump of coal in the president's Christmas stocking," said Hart, who conducted the survey with Republican pollster Bill McInturff. "But there is a lot of work to be done."McInturff concludes Obama "retains very strong numbers with a political core constituency."Another poll out Thursday gauged Obama's re-election chances in eight swing states, most of which he won in 2008: Montana, Virginia, North Carolina, Missouri, Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Ohio. The Public Policy Polling survey found the president's chances remain good in each state, with Romney the potential candidate who could put up the best fight for Republicans.groups:News, Politics tags:Obama,GOP,Palin,romney |45 comments// Poll: Obama Beats Any Republican in 2012hide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0crystalmanThe days of the imposter, traitor and fraud Mr Hussein are numbered. Call it a dark interlude in American history.Here's a real patriot who genuinely loved freedom giving his legendary historic speech at the Brandenburg gate in Berlin. Listen,learn and give respect where it is due.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MDFX-dNtsM 23 days agoflag  reply0CarlosIsDownWhat kind of socialist gay atheists run The Wall Street Journal... Oh shit it's Murdochs News Corp. 24 days agoflag  reply-2Ian_Judge_LordWhy else do you think the whole entire so-called quote-en-quote Republican "Tea Party" GOP went stone cold batsh@#$%t f@#$%k nuts crazy the very split fraction of a second that Senator Barack Hussein Obama was elected as the 44th President of the United States of America?It was because they knew even back then, on November 5, 2008, what is till true to this very day today.There is no living, breathing, walking, talking member of the so-called quote-en-quote Republican "Tea Party" GOP currently serving in any capacity in an elected office at any level of government anywhere in any of the 50 states who could then, can now, or will in the future be able to come anywhere nearly close to matching the Obama campaign juggernaught; (the most efficiently organized and effective get-out-the-vote campaign effort seen in any election so far this millennium).and the quantity;(not to mention to say nothing of any remote potential for quality);of even the most remotely potential challenger candidate on the other side of the aisle shrinks significantly substantially in number each and every time a GOP Republican opens his [or her] mouth in order to vainly attempt to try and speak. 24 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  Ian_Judge_Lord:Bullshit, he's weak as water, and it's now plain to see.  Pelosi has been calling the shots for two years, and now he has to hand the podium over to Bill Clinton to sell a tax bill because he is so useless.  Any halfway decent Democrat would beat him in a primary challenge if it weren't for the fact he'll get 98% of the black vote no matter what he does.  He's toast in 2012.  One and done. 24 days agoflag  reply0JohnAWhat a misleading headline.  An NBC poll, first of all, so you know NBC are not going to admit any Republican can beat Obama.  Then they only polled against three Republicans, three out of, how many?  How about against Bobby Jindal?  Or Mike Huckabee?  Or Rick Perry?  Or Haley Barbour?  Any Republican?  Please! 24 days agoflag  reply0Ian_Judge_Lord  JohnA:Bobby "Kenneth the Page" Jindal?:BP Sand Berms Sought by Jindal Found Underwhelmingly Effective http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2010-12-16/obama-boosted-jindal-s-plan-to-build-bp... Bobby Jindal's 'Crummy' Sand Berms Didn't Really Stop Any Spilled Oilhttp://gawker.com/5714484/bobby-jindals-crummy-sand-berms-didnt-really-stop-any-... Oil-spill panel calls Jindal's sand berms a $220M wastehttp://content.usatoday.com/communities/ondeadline/post/2010/12/oil-spill-panel-... Mike "Pseudo-Moralist" Huckabee?: John Boehner, Michele Bachmann, Mike Huckabee Defend Anti-Gay Groups http://www.ontopmag.com/article.aspx?id=7176&MediaType=1&Category=26 FLASHBACK: In 2007, Mike Huckabee Supported Cap And Trade Before He Was Against It http://thinkprogress.org/2010/12/16/huckabee-flip-cap-and-trade/ Rick "Texas should Secede from the United States ([Again])" Perry?:http://www.salon.com/news/politics/war_room/2010/12/19/lafantasie_south_secessio...http://mediamatters.org/mmtv/201012220034 http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/metropolitan/7324941.htmlhttp://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/19/opinion/19Ball.html Haley "Jim Crow segregation 'wasn't THAT bad'" Barbour?: Analysis: Controversy hurts Barbour White House prospects http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6BL4LM20101222 What Haley Barbour's amnesia tells usLike any good Southern conservative of his generation, he ignores the entire bad faith stew in which he was raised http://www.salon.com/news/politics/war_room/2010/12/22/perlstein_barbour_amnesiaCountry going to Haley in a handbasket http://poststar.com/app/blogs/?p=59356&cat=604 The Note: Haleys Comet: Could Remarks On Civil Rights Damage A Campaign Before It Starts? http://blogs.abcnews.com/thenote/2010/12/the-note-haleys-comet-could-remarks-on-... 15 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  Ian_Judge_Lord:Well, it's not like they sat for 20 years and were married in a racist church.  Media didn't seem to mind that. 14 days agoflag  reply0Varex_SytheI won't mind if he wins, but I'd rather have Hillary. 24 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  Varex_Sythe:I will mind if he wins and I would rather have Hillary. 24 days agoflag  reply-7PressCoreI've seen that smug expression on Nobama's mug before. But mostlyit's the hollow expression, also frozen in time, on mummified Pharaohs.Main difference being the Pharohs got emptied to be taxidermied. Whilemy advice to Nobama would be simply: " get stuffed ". " Here's the NobelPeace Prize, now earn it ! " What an upside down world we must live inwhen they give the Nobel Peace Prize to a Fascist for his cheap talk, notfor his actions. And worse, they do it before they have any genuine basis,and not after, then expect things to change..The Gods must be laughingat the human monkeys and their commedy of errors turned into tragedy. 24 days agoflag  reply0PressCore  PressCore:Wow. I got 7 negative votes from the Nobama synchophants. HaHaHaHaHaHaHa. Yet this article got a whopping 144 negative votes. That's reassuring. Speculation is for the scheisters on Wall Street. Unless you Nobama synchophants owe your bookiesso much money their loansharking enforcers are coming after you with baseball bats to break your legs if you don't pay off...,Try sticking to genuine hard core news. 2 yrs.is a long long time 21 days agoflag  reply+6panicheadThe only thing Sarah can beat is a defensless fish. The only thing Huckabee can beat is a path to the nearest doughnut shop.The only thing Newt can beat is his penis 24 days agoflag  reply+5kennymotownDon't ever under estimate the illiterate voter or otherwise known as the low information voter who like to vote for movie stars that acted with monkeys. 24 days agoflag  reply-3PressCore  kennymotown:" It's bedtime for Bonzo." Our Racket is for clowns. We promise you the Moonto conjure up your mania. After we're through shilling you for carneys, on your faces will be gloomy frowns. As we $2 hos laugh all the way to the bank in the distance we can hear it said, politics is for B movie actors. Yeah, Wilbur... Aaahhhm Mr. Ed. 24 days agoflag  reply+1twohawks  kennymotown:Reminds me of... after the voting in Nov, in California anyway (but I am not a citizen there), I heard there was low voter turnout, and a huge aspect of it was said to be tied to young voters who did not participate "because they felt they were too uninformed" or confused on issues.I wonder how that plays into your comment in terms of... what sort of influence might 'illiterate voters' of the persuasion I just mentioned have on that body of potential voters?  I wonder how active those young souls are discussing the issues and figuring out what "their next step may be" kind of thing.  Will they influence change?And I think for that to be a viable question we would have to focus attention on mature discussion amoung young folk, not the kind of continual mindless parichial spouting, ego-based pissing match, and baseless pussy-ass moaning that floods these and other groups, that lends no substance to discussion. 24 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  PressCore:I loved that show! 24 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  twohawks:Well, lessons learned are lessons earned! 24 days agoflag  reply0PressCore  kennymotown:Ho Ho Ho kay there, Wilbur ... 21 days agoflag  reply+1Dejan_CroatiaI hope Obama wins!!! PLEASE DO!!!! 24 days agoflag  reply+2RMattnerToursI think Obama is a very intelligent man and that's the problem. Intelligence scares the hell out of dumb idiots. I'd vote for him, just look around at the other options. Palin, she can't even spell and went to 20 rinky dink Colleges to get her degree. People need to start thinking it's a must. 24 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  RMattnerTours:Intelligent?  57 states?  Really? 24 days agoflag  reply0onemaleflahe will serve a second termthere is no doubt 24 days agoflag  reply-4riverratt50His own party is not even comfortable at this point to commit him as their candidate. 24 days agoflag  reply-1PressCore  riverratt50:" 'Aint that peculiar ? Peculiar as can be. 'Aint that peculiar ? A peculiarity. "Your words are so true. Same frozen in time syndrome as with the last election.The Republicans made a fataly bad choice choosing McLame, and by so doing,set themselves up to fail. Why ? Because one bad choice begets a worse choice.McLame then picked Palin late into the season, and vetted her for all of what ?one afternoon !!! What incompetence. It serves them right, imho, for shunningDr.Paul, and not letting him speak at their RNC in Minnesota. For that matterit served the Democrats right for making an equaly bad, if not worse, mistake inchoosing Nobama over Dennis Cucinnich. Again, imho...What a clusterfuck ofimbecility. But the point I'm trying to make is that both their mistakes injuredthe Amercian people & the USA worse. They're irrelevant. The USA anything but.That mug shot photoed above is very telling of the kind of serious mistake thevoters were conned & manipulated into erecting. Another Bush clone Racketeerhailing from a city made Historicaly infamous for its Prohibition Racketeers allthe way back to the 1st Great Depression. Yet again: " Those who ignore thelessons taught us by History are doomed to repeat their mistakes " Let's hopeNobama's scandles emerge, as the economy takes a nose dive, to shake bothparties, and the people up enough to reform their human errors producing him.I sure wouldn't wish bad luck on any decent people. The unemployment sceneis horrific. But having a Corporatist puppet like pinocio'bama reprise the Bush/Cheny agenda of 2 foreign wars to bleed our country to death is what's causingit. FDR didn't lead us into War until & unless it was unavoidable. He devotedhis stamina into creating the WPA, the CCC, and other public works projectsto get Americans working again. Nobama's tepid stimulus was too little, too late.. 24 days agoflag  reply-1PressCore  riverratt50:Don't let the negative votes by Nobama synchophants discourage you.That happens a lot on this site. Many of the dynamic, intelligent, thoughtfulmembers who contributed greatly to make Current.com THE premier socialinteractive website for citizen Journalists from 2005 through 2008, have onlyinfrequently chimed in here, if they haven't moved on to other sites. Manyof the ones who comment here aren't up to their professional calibre. Buteven though we intelligent members may or may not be in the majority, westill produce not widely known facts to bring the decent people on this siteup to speed. Despite all the attacks, and negative votes dissing me, I'vepersevered, in the 30 months I've been adding to the discussion. And 100members have been following me, so...Shoot from the hip, and keep a stiff upper lip, amigo. Current.com is still the San Francisco vibe and home for us. 24 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  riverratt50:They are not comfortable, but they will have no choice.  Blacks will vote for Obama no matter what he does.  He could give Bin Laden the Medal of Freedom on the South Lawn, and he would still get 98% of blacks voting for him. 24 days agoflag  reply0Ian_Judge_Lord  JohnA:if all black people vote for any black politicians for no other reason than because they're blackthen it would stand to reason that the same is true of all other racesthat all white people vote for any white politiciansand white people are the majority of the United States populationthen why has no White, Male, ostensibly "Christian" President and/or Presidential candidate since 1970 won more than over 50% of the Popular vote in any Presidential election?the last White, Male, so-called quote-en-quote "Christian" Presidential Candidate, George W. "Dubya" Bush LOST his election campaign in 2000, with less than 48% of the Popular votehere's the kicker: he lost the election to ANOTHER White so-called "Christian" Male President, Albert "Inconvenient Truth" Gore if only black people voted for President Obama in 2008, and African-Americans constitute around about approximately 1/3 ([33.33%]) of the US population, and if all White people voted for the White Male so-called quote-quote "Christian" Candidate: John "I was for repealing DADT before i was against it" McCainand Caucasians make up more than over 50% of the nation's populationthen How in the wide world of all things sane and rational could ANY black man EVER win ANY election? 15 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  Ian_Judge_Lord:It's not true of other races, don't ask me why.  But blacks in America vote as a block, pretty much.  They are 13% of the total population, but a much higher percentage of the Democratic party.  And that's why there will be no primary challenger, Obama will be the Democrat nominee.  And I will bet you $1000 right here today that Barack Obama will get 98% of the black vote in the 2012 Presidential election.  That is a serious offer, I'll send you my e-mail address, I'll take all comers. 14 days agoflag  reply0Ian_Judge_Lord  JohnA:One small problemonly 11-13% of African Americans voted for Obama in 2008, when he was elected 14 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  Ian_Judge_Lord:Really.  They are 11-13% of the total population, perhaps that's what you mean.  The bet stands if you're for it.http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2008/results/polls/#USP00p1 14 days agoflag  replysusankq [removed]This comment has been hidden for review.0MizPiz  susankq:So you put a picture of what's supposed to be an attractive woman as you're profile pic, you're still pieces of shit. 24 days agoflag  reply0onemalefla  MizPiz:what the hell pic r u looking at?unless you find that resembles an attractive female. 24 days agoflag  reply0MizPiz  onemalefla:Oh no, I just assumed that's why whoever chose that pic. 24 days agoflag  reply+7TimALoftisThe state of the economy and unemployment in 2012 will dictate in the end if President Obama is re-elected in 2012. His support from young people, minorities, and his liberal base remains quite strong. His willingness to compromise and work with the GOP on the tough issues will also allow him to regain some of his support from independent voters who still by and large trust this President. 25 days agoflag  reply-8ayipis  TimALoftis:HAHAHHAHAHAHAHH the pious is faithful and devout...you guys have no choice..LOL..you guys are painted to a corner all you guys can do is bend over and agree..so if obama never came up with anything that he promised you guys and actually did the opposite..hahahha and you guys are still loyal because he is LIBERAL..hahahahah..you deserve obamamy prediction:..."impeachment 2011 by his own party"http://www.latimes.com/news/politics/la-pn-boxer-tax-cuts-20101215,0,56432.storyThough many of her fellow liberals oppose the tax-cut deal negotiated between President Obama and congressional Republicans, Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) on Tuesday defended her support of the measure."The fact is, this bill will be a help to the middle class,'' said Boxer, who, during George W. Bush's presidency, assailed the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts as skewed toward the wealthy. She and fellow California Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein backed the $858-billion package now before the Senate 25 days agoflag  reply-4tverdell  TimALoftis:Palin 2012 24 days agoflag  reply+5onemalefla  ayipis:1 24 days agoflag  reply+3onemalefla  ayipis:i love how you are able to entertain yourself and make yourself laugh. comes in handy when mommy locks the basement door. good for you! 24 days agoflag  reply0onemalefla  TimALoftis:he will also have the added boost of the Supreme Court ruling around 2012 that The Health Care Bill is kosher. 24 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  TimALoftis:Blacks will vote for him 98% even if the unemployment rate is 50%.  There is nothing he can do to lose their vote.  Stab his wife to death, sleep with little boys, it doesn't matter, blacks will vote for him. 24 days agoflag  reply0Ian_Judge_Lord  JohnA:that's like saying that all white's voted for George W. Bushif that was even remotely anwhere close in the vicinity to being close to being even the tiniest littlest bit truethen perhaps someone could explain why Bush LOST the 2000 election with less than 49% of the popular vote,when caucasians make up the majority of this nation's population? 15 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Smoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeThe Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsunimatrix0 commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  10 minutes agoYes, I remember Kenny!These Tea Party douche bags were practically begging for violence with their "second amendment remedies" and "don't retreat, reload" mentality.... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  23 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. bailey78 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  41 minutes agoIf life gets any better my wife may have to get another job. southrabbit commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThe better part of valour is restraint.   Before rushing into another paranoid tyrade, pause for a moment and realize that if proper support systems were in place, this fellow would have... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog