Jared Loughner's background reveals series of warning signs  This Just In - CNN.com BlogsHome |Video |NewsPulse |U.S. |World |Politics |Justice |Entertainment |Tech |Health |Living |Travel |Opinion |iReport |Money  |Sports On the Radar |Web Pulse |Most Intriguing People |@cnnbrkTop stories: Arizona shootingSix people were killed and 14 others wounded, including U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in Arizona. Winter weatherWinter storm that paralyzed the South merges with system from Midwest, hits Eastern seaboard Rebuilding HaitiOne year after devastating earthquake hit, country still struggling while rebuilding Ivory Coast power struggleViolence, anger flares as Ivory Coast struggles with presidential political impasse Dollars & SenseA look at the top CNNMoney stories in business, the economy and consumerismJared Loughner's background reveals series of warning signs Jared Lee Loughner, 22, had a documented history of brushes with school officials and law enforcement.January 13th, 201109:26 PM ETShare this on:FacebookTwitterDiggdel.icio.usredditMixxMySpaceStumbleUponShareComments (484 comments)PermalinkTweetFor months, Jared Lee Loughner creeped out classmates and teachers with his odd behavior.As a student at Aztec Middle College in Tucson, Arizona, Loughner was prone to sudden outbursts in class, teachers said. He'd ask "incoherent" questions and make inappropriate comments.Other times, he would just stare into space."He had an intense stare, but he usually didn't stare at other people," said Kent Slinker, who taught an "Intro to Logic" class attended by Loughner. "He would have a focused stare some place else in the room, and almost as if he was viewing another scene or intensely thinking about something."Loughner often spoke out of turn and asked questions unrelated to the class topic, leading Slinker to assume the student had Tourette Syndrome."I was never able to talk to him on a one-to-one basis and I did worry about him a lot," he said. "I do recall thinking I hope his parents know what's going on and that they have a handle on things."Loughner was arrested in Saturday's shooting at a constituents gathering held by U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in front of a Tucson Safeway grocery store. Six people died and more than a dozen were wounded. Federal authorities have charged Loughner with first-degree murder, attempted murder counts and attempting to kill a member of Congress, counts that involve shooting federal employees. State prosecutors also could bring charges related to other victims.Interviews with friends and former teachers and classmates provide a glimpse of how he appeared in public - a little off, but not necessarily threatening. Background checks reveal brushes with the law that alone did not set off any alarm bells, a law enforcement official told CNN. He was also suspended from community college in September with the understanding that he could return if he obtained a clean bill of mental health from a doctor, school officials said.On their own, the incidents prompted as much action as school officials or law enforcement felt necessary, given the cirumstances. Whether anyone ever put them all together remains unclear.Classmates from Mountain View High School in Marana, a Tucson suburb,saw a different side of Loughner. Theydescribed him as intense and intelligent, someone who kept to himself but was nice once you to know him. He was fixated on numbers and excelled at math, former girlfriend Ashley Figueroa told CNN affiliate KGUN."He was a very nice kid. He was very, very intelligent. He would help me out with like my math and that's how it started off," Figueroa told KGUN."He just seemed like one of those kids who kind of kept to himself. He was very, very quiet. I kind of made the effort to talk to him because he kind of kept to himself. He was actually a really nice kid when it came to it," added Figueroa.But his temper was too much for Figueroa, so she ended their relationship, she said."He used to scare me sometimes and that's why I left him. He kind of made me feel uncomfortable at times," she said. "He'd get really mad, clench his fist and then throw a kind of little tantrum. He'd flail his arms and walk off."Loughner dropped out of Mountain View in 2006, after his junior year, the school district said. Near the end of his junior year, Loughner was taken to a hospital for alcohol poisoning, according to Sheriff's Department records. In 2007, he was arrested for possession of drug paraphernalia, but the charge was dismissed after he completed a pretrial diversion program, according to court records.In 2008, Loughner tried to enlist in the U.S. Army but was rejected for reasons that are protected by privacy laws, officials said. But an administration official told CNN on Sunday that Loughner had failed a drug test.Loughner had most recently been taking classes at Aztec Middle College, a partnership between Tucson schools and Pima Community College that helps dropouts transition to community colleges.Loughner took classes until September 2010, when he was suspended after five contacts with Aztec campus police "for classroom and library disruptions" between February and September, the school said.To his college classmates, Loughner's presence was unnerving, drawing the attention of campus law enforcement."The first time I was really struck by him was because he used inappropriate reactions to people's emotional content. He would laugh at things that were sad. He just didn't seem to be aware of what was going on," Don Coorough, his classmate in advanced poetry, told CNN.A report on Loughner's participation in the poetry class noted an instance of him responding inappropriately to a poem read in the class.His comments "were a huge leap from the context of the poem and said things about abortion, wars, killing people, and 'why don't we just strap bombs to babies,' " according to a February report by the Pima College Department of Public Safety.Loughner was kicked out of an algebra class in June after repeated interruptions that made classmates uncomfortable and left the impression that he clearly "needed psychological help," his algebra instructor Ben McGahee said.Loughner sometimes shook, blurted things out in class and appeared to be under the influence of drugs at times, McGahee said."I was scared of what he could do," McGahee said."I wasn't scared of him physically, but I was scared of him bringing a weapon to class."Loughner was suspended in September after authorities found a YouTube video in which he called the school "illegal according to the U.S. Constitution," the school said.A follow-up letter warned that in order to return, Loughner had to present a doctor's note stating that "his presence at the college does not present a danger to himself or others."Off campus, Loughner got into trouble with police for underage drinking and possession of a marijuana joint and a pipe. Pima County Sheriff's Bureau Chief Richard Kastigar described them as "very minor" incidents that failed to raise red flags ahead of Saturday's extreme violence."[They] do not add up in their totality to anything that would cause a police officer to say, 'This guy is going to go out there and shoot 20 people,'" Kastigar said.Immediately after the shootings, law enforcement and the media went online to decipher Loughners digital footprint. They found a trove of confounding items in his profiles on MySpace, YouTube and other sites. Creating his own currency, lucid dreaming and distrust of the U.S. government were recurring themes in his online writings.A December 30 posting states: "Dear Reader ... I'm searching. Today! With every concern, my shot is now ready for aim. The hunt, a mighty thought of mine."One posting complained of a "second constitution," a term legal scholars sometimes use to describe post-Civil War amendments that ended slavery, extended voting rights and required equal protection under the law."In conclusion, reading the second United States constitution I can't trust the current government because of the ratifications: the government is implying mind control and brainwash on the people by controlling grammar," he wrote in a December 15 video message on YouTube. "No! I won't pay debt with a currency that's not backed by gold and silver! No! I won't trust in God!"Alan Lipman, director of the Center of the Study of Violence at Georgetown University, said the postings show "classic signs of psychosis.""People were looking for whether he was on the left or the right. He was neither," Lipman told CNN. "He was incoherent. Those were signs, classic signs you'd see in a psychiatric unit of formal thought disorder."Forensic psychologist Kathy Seifert called the postings "absolutely psychotic." Loughner should have been evaluated for schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, autism or other mental illnesses, she said.In an apparent reference to Giffords' congressional district, a posting stated: "The majority of people, who reside in District-8 are illiterate - hilarious."The last message reportedly posted on his MySpace page read, "Dear friends ... Please don't be mad at me. The literacy rate is below 5%. I haven't talked to one person who is literate."Authorities believe Loughner specifically targeted Giffords. Searches of the Loughner home turned up a 2007 letter from Giffords thanking Loughner for attending a 2007 event similar to Saturday's, Kastigar said.Other alleged connections to Giffords: an envelope in a strongbox in his home was scrawled with phrases like "die bitch" and "assassination plans have been made," though officials have not drawn a direct link to Giffords.Neighbor Steven Woods said Randy Loughner had complained to another neighbor that his son was "out of control."The morning of the shooting, Loughner and his father had a confrontation in their front yard, Kastigar said. His father had asked him about a black bag he was carrying."Jared mumbled something back to his dad, and his dad said he didn't understand what was said. It was unintelligible," Kastigar said. "And then Jared left. The father followed. The father got in his vehicle and tried to locate his son and followed the direction that he went and he could not locate his son."Post by: CNN's Ashley Fantz and Emanuella Grinberg Filed under: ArizonaGabrielle Giffords We recommendFrom around the websoundoff (484 Responses)JOEEverytime somthing like this happens, the persons high-school or college background shows signs of a person that is either a loner, discipline, or other problems that seem to indicate they should not own guns!   How come a background check can not also look at if the would be gun purchaser has had any issues in school that should raise a red flag?January 14, 2011 at 10:37 am | Report abuse | Reply PhilLooking at earlier pictures of him and the "mug shot" make me wonder if he was not using steroids...the swelling in his face and head remind me very much of the transformation that happened to Barry Bonds..."Roid rage?"January 14, 2011 at 10:48 am | Report abuse | DarthlawsuitWould you like a government officer named charlie or chuck watching everyone in the nation, recording what they are doing, and how they act?January 14, 2011 at 10:55 am | Report abuse | HowardHe looks like anyone..  He sounds as creepy as your average 15 year old kid..   How can you tell if he is joking or not?  Get real!January 14, 2011 at 11:06 am | Report abuse | APAre you insane?  We all have the right to bear arms!! woooooosigned,Idiot Right wing (probably white and hick) republican (without an education and probably racist)January 14, 2011 at 11:07 am | Report abuse | jabberI bet classic symptoms of his behaviors didn't just suddenly start in his teens. They should have been identified at a much earlier age by both parents and the public school system in elementary or middle school. Although there are many possible symptoms of Aspergers syndrome, the main symptom is severe trouble with social situations. Hindsight is 20/20.January 14, 2011 at 11:10 am | Report abuse | JohnAP  Who do you think should and shouldn't have the right to own a gun? Given your comments I assume you do not live in the inner city. Move to LA and experience a drive by  you may rethink what you are saying. Our British friends have the types of laws you would support. Unfortunately, given their murder rate by gun, only criminals seem to own guns in GB.January 14, 2011 at 11:17 am | Report abuse | LindaWhy?  Because the system for background checks is not uniform; nobody selling guns or ammo so much as Googles the potential purchaser.  I live in the South; I own weapons; I am disgusted by wing-nuts' ridiculous interpretation of the Second Amendment; I hope this tragedy brings come civility to the public discourse.  Deep sympathy for the victims and everyone who once tried to care about the shooter.  Sad, sad, sad story.January 14, 2011 at 11:30 am | Report abuse | EvoDevoAgreed....but was rejected for reasons that are protected by privacy laws, officials said. But an administration official told CNN on Sunday that Loughner had failed a drug test. So much for "privacy laws":January 14, 2011 at 11:34 am | Report abuse | SickofPiersMorganalreadyIf a man shoots 20 people, to hell with his privacy laws!!January 14, 2011 at 11:43 am | Report abuse | lol"Despite its largely urbanised population, the United Kingdom has one of the lowest rates of gun homicides in the world."January 14, 2011 at 11:48 am | Report abuse | Criminal?I stre into space all the time.January 14, 2011 at 10:39 am | Report abuse | Reply SingAlongSayin ayyo baby lets go!January 14, 2011 at 11:31 am | Report abuse | MoglarJust because someone is psychotic does not mean they are going to engage in violent behavior or go on a killing spree.   Nuff said.January 14, 2011 at 10:41 am | Report abuse | Reply opinionAs a society we should have seen the signs of this person mental disturbance a long time ago.  Why hasn't anybody acted on their concerns?  All of a sudden we hear about these teachers and girlfriend etc. and how 'weird' and 'freaky' he was but NOBODY did anything but turn away and pretend he was not there.  It is really sad the people who were around him now have their '15 minutes' of fame thanks to all of us who cannot wait to hear more about how 'strange' he was.January 14, 2011 at 10:51 am | Report abuse | Reply jabberClassic symptoms should have been identified at a much earlier age by both parents and the public school system. Although there are many possible symptoms of Aspergers syndrome, the main symptom is severe trouble with social situations. Hindsight is 20/20.January 14, 2011 at 11:06 am | Report abuse | saganhillSO, who is to make those decisions of mental instability?  Back before womans right and civil rights had any bearings, powerful, white people (and I am a white male) used to incarcerate their wives, people they thought might be a threat, or whatever...Having the power to determine ones mental stability and have him/her incarcerated is very dangerous.  I would rather risk a couple killings every 10-20 years than have anyone with that type of power.  Its bad enough with Child protective services making bad decisions.January 14, 2011 at 11:14 am | Report abuse | Mom of 3We should also NOT forget that women were thought to be "hysterical" and were doped (so their husbands could have their way with them) in the not too distant past. Are you saying that we should return to this way of thinking? Who exactly do you feel is qualified to make the determination as to who is a threat, based upon unusual behaviors? When my youngest son was in third grade, his teacher made her concerns about my son known, based upon my son's fascination with the cartoon character "Grimm" (the Grim Reaper). During the parent teacher conference I asked if she was aware of the cartoon character. Needless to say she was not. Point being that while my son was different than many of his peers, he was NOT mentally challenged, nor unstable. He simply had a fascination with a cartoon character that represented Death. Unfortunately, we are walking a very thin line fraught with room for interpretation.January 14, 2011 at 11:47 am | Report abuse | Skins FanThere were five incidents where campus police were called because of his behavior and then he was asked to leave and not return until he had a mental evaluation!  So, obviously, people were AWARE that this individual was mentally disturbed.  Some sort of report/charges should have been filed so that a background check may have prohibited him from obtaining a gun.  We should not be blaming guns OR politics, but we should be concerned about why all of these people knew he was "weird" and "scary" but just asked him to "leave" and not make sure that further action was taken to prevent this type of violence.January 14, 2011 at 11:48 am | Report abuse | shinyDoes his creepy behavior include looking like a bald Glenn Beck?Joking aside, this is an extremely sick individual. The more information that comes out about him, the more I wonder how he was able to legally purchase a gun in the first place. My heart goes out to the families of the victims, and I am thankful he was stopped before more damage was done.January 14, 2011 at 10:52 am | Report abuse | Reply guestWhy do people have such a need to have guns???!!! Is it a mental thing? Most guns are useless, u can't hunt with a lot of them, so why do people buy or have the need to own them?January 14, 2011 at 10:56 am | Report abuse | Reply BrentonSo when somebody comes in my house to kidnap my kids or beat my wife i can blow their kneecaos off and then call the police. Guns dont kill people idiots doJanuary 14, 2011 at 11:36 am | Report abuse | KirstenYou trolls turning this into a Jewish  Palestinian debate should be absolutely ashamed of yourselves.  Especially the ones turning this into an Anti-Semitic rant.  You're all disgusting.January 14, 2011 at 10:59 am | Report abuse | Reply 32To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws, in light of the tragedy in Tucson, may this little tidbit be offered: If guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, and forks make people fat, and its the kids fault for child rapists! Remember: Hold the person accountable for their actions, not the means they choose to utilize!!!January 14, 2011 at 11:03 am | Report abuse | Reply OhTheHumanityOf course GUNS do not kill people by themselves, nobody believes that. But guns make it A WHOLE LOT easier for people to kill people!  Because driving a car presents potential public hazards, we require licensing and registration of automobiles and we don't let impaired people drive them.  Its common sense.January 14, 2011 at 11:28 am | Report abuse | T.MI am so tired of that arguement. it's just an excuse to own a gun.Allowing sociapathic people the right to have a gun is handing out a randon death sentence to all of America. Hardly comparable to forks mnaking people fat and pencils misspelling words.Take away the instrument and lives will be saved. perios. that wacko kid could not have done any of this without a gun. Maybe he would've just held onto his pencil and kept sending letters and a 9 year old girl would still be alive.Give it up. People kill people WITH GUNS.January 14, 2011 at 11:36 am | Report abuse | galagaTMDo you really think if guns were outlawed people could not still get them?  I guess that's why we have no drugs in our country right now.January 14, 2011 at 11:50 am | Report abuse | Mom of 3To TM  He could also have easily used ANY weapon.... a knife, a pipe, a bat, you get the picture.... If he put his mind to it, I am sure he could have come up with MANY ways, other than a gun, to commit this crime.January 14, 2011 at 11:51 am | Report abuse | lfer@Elizabeth you must belong to the Westboro baptist churchJanuary 14, 2011 at 11:03 am | Report abuse | Reply KathleenI am tired of hearing how other people saw signs that this young man had  serious mental issues. Yet, why didn't anyone come forward with there concerns from the beginning? What happen was a horrible tragic event and I feel somehow this could have  been prevented if the shooter recieved the proper treatment for his issues, maybe this situation could of been prevented. All of these so call friends, school mates,  now say Jared was unstable, yet not one of them try to get him some help.January 14, 2011 at 11:04 am | Report abuse | Reply JDLIt's sad, but unfortunately, no one can force someone in this country to get help.  It's almost impossible to prove someone should be forced psychological help.  I imagine his parents (proof is in the fact he father looked for him after he left with the black bag) tried to get him to get help.  The laws were change many years ago because of obvious abuses.  It's against a person's civil rights to force psychological medical treatment on someone...but maybe it should be.  Freedom was defined to me (a long time ago) as the right to do what we want as long as we don't infringe on someone else's freedom.  In light of that definition...maybe it needs to be easier to force treat someone to stop that person from hurting as many people as this guy did.January 14, 2011 at 11:26 am | Report abuse | ump11This was a troubled person for a very long time.  This was horrible and evil,yet those who assumed that it was a result of political talking heads were completely wrong.January 14, 2011 at 11:09 am | Report abuse | Reply RalphWhat is really frightening for all of us is that there really is no TEST or indicators that will help us to weed out the people who will kill.  Serial killers live among us and teach our children and preach to a congregation.  We go to school side by side with spree killers.  The mothers in our playgroups can murder her own children.  I do, however, believe we need to put more money in the mental health sector and get students more counselors so they can talk out some of their problems.  It's not a be all end all solution but a bandaid at least.January 14, 2011 at 11:15 am | Report abuse | Reply Mom of 3Ralph, I totally agree with your solution. We absolutely HAVE to eliminate the stigma that is attached to mental health, as well as increasing the money that is available for mental health care. If we are TOTALLY honest with ourselves, individually, I am sure we could ALL use a bit of mental health treatment.January 14, 2011 at 11:54 am | Report abuse | damnyankeeAgain with gun control? Gun laws take guns from citizens not society! Criminals and freeks will get them anytime they want them. If you are so in favor of gun control maybe we start with ENFORCING current law. FYI there were three known firearms in that crowd including one of the subduers but only ONE was fired!January 14, 2011 at 11:27 am | Report abuse | Reply saraI feel really sorry for his parents.. imagine having a pycho shooter for a son. how do you live with that?January 14, 2011 at 11:29 am | Report abuse | Reply EverettIt was their responsibility to identify the abnormal behavior and take steps to correct it.January 14, 2011 at 11:58 am | Report abuse | DYBOHe seems to be going for the Charles Manson stare.January 14, 2011 at 11:35 am | Report abuse | Reply ghost walkerNoise. Perhaps his "odd behavior" was a function of membership in one of the many fringe sub-population groups that thrive on getting attention by acting contrary to social norms. Or simply a consequence of being one more substance abuser. Fact is that acting inconsistent with social norms is not an indicator of anything particular, and particularly not an indicator of presenting a threat to others. He was an angry person who wanted attention. Society showed him he could get the attention  fame  he craved through a serious act of depravity. Now he too is famous.January 14, 2011 at 11:39 am | Report abuse | Reply Wec03216The signs were there but no one reacted in the slightest bit. This is Columbine but with an older assailant and lesser body count. This conservative college student says wake the hell up to both the parents and anyone else who noticed his strange behavior.January 14, 2011 at 11:40 am | Report abuse | Reply tiller in texasIt's time to take this guys picture down.January 14, 2011 at 11:40 am | Report abuse | Reply BuzzWow!  It doesn't take long to get off topic, does it?January 14, 2011 at 11:41 am | Report abuse | Reply MASS4CHANGEPatsy. Scapegoat.Believable invented culprit.Component in cover-up.Does this look like an assassin?Really?January 14, 2011 at 11:43 am | Report abuse | Reply 32@ T.M if he hadn't had a gun he would have just made a homemade bomb or found another way to kill someone. He is crazy, access to a gun or not he would've killed somebody!!!January 14, 2011 at 11:43 am | Report abuse | Reply RandyThe simple fact is that this individual is unable to control his actions and has become a menace to society, much like a rabid animal. And like a rabid animal, he needs to be humanely executed...not to punish him but to protect society.There is no amount of therapy, counseling, drugs, or anything else that could insure that he won't go off again. Imprisonment doesn't guarantee that he won't kill again either, as there is the chance of him attacking other inmates or guards.January 14, 2011 at 11:43 am | Report abuse | Reply icemanNow that's what I call: A randy raunchy statement!January 14, 2011 at 11:49 am | Report abuse | icemanNow that's what I call: A DEEP FREEZE!January 14, 2011 at 11:47 am | Report abuse | Reply LASarah Palin creeps me out.January 14, 2011 at 11:49 am | Report abuse | Reply galeWhy do they keep repeating this article. Everyone knows already that he creeped out his classmates. Go to the next thing.January 14, 2011 at 11:50 am | Report abuse | Reply tazI ABSOLUTELY LOVVE  HOW D WHITE SUPREMACIST HAS REMOVE THEIR SHEETS...N PULLED OUT THIER PSYCHIATRY DEGREES...January 14, 2011 at 11:54 am | Report abuse | Reply starSchizophrenia, people.  Early signs in high school, exacerbates during early twenties and usually manifests itself to the outside world with a psychotic break-often a a tragic action that belies the twisted inner workings of a paranoid and disorganized mind.  His parents knew, but no one wants to really believe that their kid is capable (even not in his right mind) of such a horrific act.  Better screening and diagnoses, and more teeth in retention laws are needed.  Better to unfairly screen a 19 year old immature brat and then release him (with hopefully a good scare about acting out anti-socially) than to miss a potentially homicidal one.January 14, 2011 at 11:55 am | Report abuse | Reply Joshua A.D.You heard it here first folks. If you're not RIGHT or LEFT, you have formal thought disorder.January 14, 2011 at 11:56 am | Report abuse | Reply bobby trendymy thought are with everyone...this is terrible and im nudeJanuary 14, 2011 at 12:00 pm | Report abuse | Reply hf74You have been reported.Loghner was no more Jewish than anything else.Truth be told Jews hold life more sacred than Christians since they do no believe in much of an afterlife.January 14, 2011 at 3:31 am | Report abuse | Reply freakin geniuspitching a fit about grades was interesting.  wonder where he learned that?January 14, 2011 at 3:38 am | Report abuse | Reply isthatalldo they really or do they only hold jewish lives more sacred. remember begons speech to the UN. Here, I qoute: "goyum kill goyum...' what a frog!January 14, 2011 at 4:44 am | Report abuse | Reply shoottweendaeyesJewish???  Hell this guy was the extreme opposite...Loughner shot Gabrielle because he is a NAZI skinhead and hates Jews!January 14, 2011 at 8:48 am | Report abuse | Reply Liza NullJews are as capable of MURDER as anyone else.  Ask any citizen of Palestine.  The ones that are still ALIVE, that is.January 14, 2011 at 9:54 am | Report abuse | Reply mykldsHe "don't trust God", he said.January 14, 2011 at 11:02 am | Report abuse | Reply ronjayazIsrael, like most  advanced countries in the world does not have the death penalty except for convicted Nazi exterminators. We are the only X-ian country with the death penalty, which let's a madman reasonif the state can kill people Y can't I? Lgoic for a nut case like Loughner.January 14, 2011 at 4:54 am | Report abuse | Reply isthatallYou mean all those palestinians aren't dead?January 14, 2011 at 4:57 am | Report abuse | Reply Dr. Lecter, Ph D.Why would Israel need a death penalty when they just use their army?January 14, 2011 at 7:54 am | Report abuse | Reply bradyep 0/0=1 in the USA. Nation of flag waving weepy eyed propaganda beleiving Patriots that we are. We have about as good of common sense as Loughner. That's why I fing it funny when people barely making it defend the lies of the Republicans or the Democrats.January 14, 2011 at 9:33 am | Report abuse | Reply opinionyou are an idiot as well.....January 14, 2011 at 10:57 am | Report abuse | Reply Brianare armies not meant for war?January 14, 2011 at 8:33 am | Report abuse | Reply RamboNo. They are meant to take other countries resources, and to provide a safe environment for Shell, Total, BP, Sunoco Philips and Exxon. What's wrong with you?January 14, 2011 at 8:57 am | Report abuse | Reply marianna68Agreed.  There is a death penalty for certain people over there. Just called something else.January 14, 2011 at 9:06 am | Report abuse | Reply BigMowmaYou nailed it! Good job!January 14, 2011 at 9:42 am | Report abuse | Reply sweet carolineUnfortunately, I had a cousin who was a racist skinhead. A racist skinhead wouldn't list the Communist Manifesto among his favorite books. He would get his @$$ kicked for that. They consider all Jews to be Communists. This guy just liked reading about killing and death.January 14, 2011 at 10:50 am | Report abuse | Reply  Previous123Post a commentClick here to cancel reply.Name: (required)E-mail: (required, but will not be displayed)CNN welcomes a lively and courteous discussion as long as you follow the Rules of Conduct set forth in our Terms of Service. Comments are not pre-screened before they post. You agree that anything you post may be used, along with your name and profile picture, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and the license you have granted pursuant to our Terms of Service. Back to mainNext entryPrevious entrySubscribe About this blogThis Just In is CNN's news blog. This is where you will find the latest news and information from CNNs correspondents and sources around the world. Well cover fresh stories big and small  stories that are breaking, developing or otherwise driving the collective daily conversation, along with some items we find interesting and worth sharing. Our main blogger is Mallory Simon of CNN.com, with major assists from the staff of the CNN Wire and colleagues around the network.Recent PostsGotta Watch: Rat terrors; briefing room faceoff; striking gold; in "The Room"Husband: Giffords' breathing tube may be removed FridayLots of talk about civility, but what do we actually know?On the Radar: Arizona shooting, diplomacy, RNC and Steele, flood tollWhat an independent Southern Sudan could mean for rest of AfricaPope John Paul II: Is he on the fast-track to sainthood?Friday's live video eventsBerlusconi investigated for complicity in prostitutionLate Pope John Paul II takes step toward sainthoodNo, your zodiac sign hasn't changedArchiveJanuary 2011MTWTFSS Dec12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031@cnnbrk on TwitterTunisian President Ben Ali declares state of emergency, state-run TV says. http://on.cnn.com/dRGcXP 32minutesagoPresident of #Tunisia dissolves government. http://on.cnn.com/dRGcXP 1houragoPolice in #Tunisia use batons, tear gas on demonstrators in capital. http://on.cnn.com/dRGcXP 2hoursagoWeather forecastHome | Video | NewsPulse | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | SportsTools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts  | CNN shop | Site mapCNN en ESPAOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion |  |  |  | CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts 2010 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved.Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Advertising practices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help