An Independent Voters View | An Interview with Rep Jack Kingston (R) GaHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesPolitics and Political ScienceAn Independent Voters View | An Interview with Rep Jack Kingston (R) GaAn Independent Voters View | An Interview with Rep Jack Kingston (R) Ga54rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Hmrjmr1At a recent BBQ hosted by my Congressman the Hon JackKingston (R) 1stDistGa, I asked Jack if he wouldconsent to this email interview. He immediately and kindly agreed to do so,even though I am not an accredited journalist for any current publication. Iknow Mr Kingston from work I have done in the American Legion and have learnedfirst hand of his continued support for our service members and veterans. Jackalso knows that Im an independent voter and sometimes dont necessarily agreewith the Republican Party as a whole, but given his voting record in congress,I would say we are in agreement more often than not.Honorable Jack Kingstons Biography (www,jackkingston.org)Jack is now serving his 17th year as US Congressman for Georgia's FirstDistrict. During each term Jack has been recognized as the "TaxpayersHero" by Citizens Against Government Waste. He has been named a"Friend of the Farmer" by the Georgia Farm Bureau, "SeniorFriendly" by the 60-Plus Association, a Sober Coach advocate by the TDCAand a "Guardian of Small Business" by the National Federation ofIndependent Business. In May 1997, Jack became the first Member of Congress toreceive the National Rural Water Associations "Green Key" Award forhis commitment to protecting public health, quality of life, and theenvironment. In January 1998, Jack received the Georgia Peanut Commissionshighest honor, their "Distinguished Service Award."Born in Bryan,Texas, Jack grew up in Athens,Georgia, where he received adegree in Economics from the University of Georgia. Prior toserving in Congress, he worked for Palmer & Cay/Carswell, Inc. sellingagribusiness and commerical insurance thorughout Southeast Georgia.Jack lives in Savannah withhis wife Libby and their four children, commuting to Washington for legislative business. Honorable Jack Kingston (R) GaHon Jack Kingston (R) Ga and MeFirst District GeorgiaQuestions are highlighted in Bold, I hope you, the reader,will find this useful information about the Challenges we face in the comingyear.Jack I know you voted No on the House     Healthcare Bill. You were one of the Congressman that held many meetings     on the subject last summer and again this fall during recesses; What     reform in the Healthcare management/Insurance industry could you support?I had the opportunity to hold 19 town halls across Southeast Georgia last year.  While some complainedof angry mobs, I was greeted by concerned Americans who truly want whats bestfor our country.  I saw angst not anger. The problem with the current proposals is that theydo nothing to address the underlying issues affecting health care in America. Rather than fix the problem, the bills place a new bureaucracy on top of ourexisting system that I believe could crush our economy.  I do, however,think there are a number of things we could do to reform health care and onwhich I think we could reach bipartisan support. The first step is to promote healthy living. If we as a nation cut back on indulgences of eating, smoking and drinking toomuch we can save billions without the federal government gettinginvolved.  We should also stop frivolous lawsuits which drive up the costof medicine by hundreds of millions of dollars each year.  We need toinject market forces into the system as well.  As weve seen with Lasikand plastic surgery, competition and transparency in pricing drive pricesdown. As for the insurance industry, we should allowsmall businesses to pool together to get the same purchasing power as hugecorporations like Coca Cola and Home Depot.  We also need to equalize thetax code so individuals purchasing insurance have the same rights andprivileges as those who get their insurance through their employer. Another proposal I support would be to give tax credits to make purchasinghealth care more affordable and creating state-based high risk pools to helpthose individuals who would otherwise not be able to purchase insurance. Retired Military over age 65 have two     healthcare programs in so far as they are automatically signed up for     Medicare, and Tri-care for life. Even this though is seen as a broken     promise to many of us who when we enlisted and then repeatedly during our     careers were guaranteed Healthcare for us and our families for life. This     was one of the reasons cited for the low pay we received, and the promise     has not only been broken but now seems with the new legislation to be     heading for increasing costs by more than $200.00 a year for Veterans     under these programs. Will you be addressing this issue in the coming     debates over the consolidated Senate/House Bill? We can never repay the debt to those whove servedbut we should ensure that they have access to quality health care.  Iveworked to expand access through increasing the number of community-basedoutpatient clinics (CBOCs) in our district.  Weve got one opened in St.Marys with more on the way in Brunswick andHinesville as well as a rural clinic on the way in Waycross. With respect to the $200 increase, that is actuallypart of a larger group of recommendations that the Congressional Budget Officeput together during the health care debate in order to fund Speaker Pelosishealth care plan.  It is a suggestion, not an actual legislative proposal,and I would work against increasing costs for our veterans especially in thistime of economic hardship. What efforts are you undertaking to     bring transparency to the House Senate healthcare Negotiations?  Then-Senator Barack Obama promised repeatedly onthe campaign trail to bring in the cameras so the American people know whatsgoing on. Yet congressional leaders like Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid havescoffed at the idea of letting the American people know whats going on behindclosed doors.  These are the people whove negotiated deals with thepharmaceutical industry, big labor, and individuals like Ben Nelson (D-NE) andMary Landrieu (D-LA). Ive cosponsored and signed a petition to force avote on a bipartisan resolution which would require Pelosi, Reid and Obama tolive up to the promise made on the campaign trail and let the people see whatshappening by putting the negotiations in CSPAN. Jack you have been a consistent and     great supporter of our troops in Afghanistan     and Iraq.     Do you think the War on Terror has been managed correctly? Do you see a     day when the objectives will be met and a withdrawal can be accomplished?     What will be the definition of success?I think mistakes have been made in the War onTerror.  However, under the leadership of General Petraeus and now GeneralOdierno, I think weve turned the corner in Iraq.  Under the withdrawalagreement signed by President Bush, were pulling out in a responsible mannerand leaving the country strengthened. In Afghanistan,we face an uphill climb and Im worried that the strategy there is beingdominated by political operatives in the White House rather than GeneralMcChrystal on the ground. We have to keep in mind, though, that the War onTerror isnt limited to two countries   it is worldwide.  I thinkthe American people need to reassess where we believe our role to be.  Ifavor a strategy of engaging the enemy and keeping them scattered but I alsobelieve theres an argument to be made for pulling out of these far flungplaces and focus only on thwarting attacks, rather than preventing them fromever occurring. Should we be closing GITMO?Absolutely not.  Guantanamo houses dangerous individuals whowere caught on the battlefield trying to kill Americans.  Hastilyreleasing them for the purpose of satisfying knee-jerk campaign promises couldthreaten American lives.  Keep in mind that two individuals released from Guantanamo by the Bush Administration now lead Al Qaeda inthe Arabian Peninsula, the group which claimsto have masterminded the Christmas Day bombing attempt.  If PresidentObama wishes to shift course from the Bush Administration, Id say this wouldbe a good place to start. Furthermore, the President should use taxpayerdollars to protect the American people not to bring a hardened terrorist likeKhalid Sheik Mohammed to American soil and to pay for his defense.  KSMmasterminded the 9-11 terrorist attacks and does not deserve suchtreatment. We disagree on the issue of TARP     funding, though I think it went too far with GM and Chrysler, I honor the     fact that you stand by your votes, (Jack Voted NO) and would ask what you saw as the     scenario had the TARP legislation not been passed?Well never know what would have happened withoutthe intervention but I reject the premise that, as President Bush said, we cangive up free market principles to save the free market.  I dont thinkthe government had any business getting involved in the first place and I thinkCongress set a dangerous precedent.   Despite the fact that many of the banks have paidback their TARP funds, President Obama now wants a new bank tax to slap on anybank that received the funding.  To me, that shows how far off courseweve gone. Do you think Ben Bernanke and Tim Geithner     are the right people for the jobs of Fed Chairman and Treasury Secretary?     Please tell us why.I do not think theyre the right choice.  Bothmen have been involved in all of our recent financial missteps and should bereplaced. With respect to Chairman Bernanke, I think we needmore transparency at the Fed.  I fully support the Audit the Fed movementand think we need to be concerned about how theyre making decisions and wherethe money is going. I also think its questionable to have SecretaryGeithner in place.  As then-President of the New York Federal ReserveBank, he stood watch as the city burned.  Now were seeing emails showingthat there was coordination to keep facts about the AIG bailout secret from theAmerican people and I think thats extremely concerning. Given the first stimulus plan hasnt     worked, do you think we need another one? Theres a misconception in Washington that the wayto solve a problem is to pass a new law or implement a new regulation.  Ifwere going to stimulate the economy, we need to bring confidence back to themarket.  The way to do that isnt through more government spending; itsthrough restoring faith in the hundreds of millions of consumers and producerswhich make up our economy.  A good first step to doing that would be torepeal the stimulus and using that money to pay down the debt.  We needto focus on easing the credit crunch among community banks as well as providetargeted tax relief to small businesses and working families. What does the government need to do at     this point to stimulate jobs?To create jobs, we need to provide targeted taxrelief to working families and small businesses.  By letting people keeptheir money in the first place to spend as they wish, wed do a lot more forthe economy than cycling it through Washingtonand taking a cut at every pass. We also need to tear down obstacles togrowth.  With every proposal before Congress we see proposals for moretaxes, new regulations and new government mandates all of which are impedimentsto those who would want to expand their businesses. One of our biggest problems in Georgia rightnow is that credit from small community banks is almost frozen.  We needto get the government out of the way and let these banks get back tobusiness. On to CAP and Trade. What are your     thoughts on the EPA designating CO2 Emissions as harmful and therefore     subject to regulation?I think we have a moral duty to be good stewards ofour environment and to conserve it for future generations.  We cannot,however, afford to impose a new tax that will kill millions of jobs onquestionable science.  Keep in mind that just thirty years ago, Newsweekscover reported of a coming ice age because that was the scientific consensus atthe time.  That said, Ive signed onto a lawsuit seeking toblock the EPA from implementing any rule based on the designation of CO2 as adangerous pollutant.  Its as if the Administration is playing Good Cop,Bad Cop as in if you think Congress way is bad, just see what theEPAs got in store for you.  The rush to push through a new regulation whileignoring Climategate and the growing data confirming no massive globalwarming exists, smacks of desperation. Youve also got to keep in mind that the bestscience available shows that if all the steps outlined in the Kyoto protocoland the proposal passed by the House, the global temperature MAY be affected byreducing the temperature slightly less than 1 degree C in 100 years. Is any one in congress still pushing     for increased US oil exploration and development or do we have to wait for     $120 per Barrel Oil for that to come up again?Yes, I continue to advocate for anall of the above energy approach.  Recently, the Department ofInterior announced that it would begin studying the Atlantic Outer ContinentalShelf which, until 2008, was under an exploration moratorium for nearly 30years.  Thats the first step toward opening that area up to Americanenergy production and one that I support.Why are we not supporting Natural Gas     as an alternative fuel?Natural gas is a clean source ofAmerican energy and one that should be part of our nations energypolicy.  As I said before, I support all of the above energy.  Weshould responsibly use those resources available to us while at the same timedeveloping new, renewable sources of energy. What about Nuclear Power?I fully support nuclear power as aclean way to power America. Right now, one in four Americans get their power from nuclear energy. Meanwhile, three in four get their power that way in France.  America isgetting left behind and we need to catch up.  Im encouraged that theAdministration has signaled its support for Georgia Powers efforts to expandnuclear energy production. Since these questions were submitted to Mr Kingston, President Obamahas signed off on Government loan guarantees for Southern Company (SO) to buildtwo new Nuclear Plants in Burke Ga., Do you or the Republican Party have a     Plan for Energy Independence     that does not include new taxes?We do.  Republicans have introduced theAmerican Energy Act (HR 2846) which pursues an all of the above approachto America energypolicy.  It sets a goal of bringing 100 new nuclear reactors online overthe next twenty years by streamlining the approval process.  It createsthe Renewable and Alternative Energy Trust Fund to provide funding for energyprograms using receipts from expanded oil and gas leasing.   It would spur development of alternative fuels byremoving roadblocks to bring them to the market.  It makes permanent taxcredits for renewable energy.  It opens the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS)to safe American energy production.  Finally, itd provide taxincentives to businesses and homeowners who improve their energyefficiency. Is there  anything else you would like to tell our     readers?Im hopeful for Americasfuture and, while theres a lot of pessimism and angst out there, I think wecan come back from the current economic crisis.  As Winston Churchill oncesaid, Americawill always do the right thing, but only after exhausting all otheroptions." I also hope youre readers will get involved in a new project Im working onto form a new agenda for Americasfuture. It is my goal to bypass the Washington establishment insiders, thepollsters and the know-it-all pundits to go directly to the people. Iwould like to take your ideas and those of thousands of other people to form agrassroots platform. Joining me in this effort are 7 other congressmenwho are fed up with the status quo. It is our hope to enlist hundreds ofother congressmen to make this a huge effort.But for now Id like your ideas. This will start like a conversationbetween two friends sitting down with a note pad to make aTo-Dolist. To start the conversation, visit http://kingston.house.gov/todo.A note from HMRJMR1I recently visited theabove link and put many more ideas and questions in to the hopper. I wouldstrongly suggest you follow the link below and contact your congressionalrepresentative and find out if he/she is part of this initiative. Either way,Jack has not limited his quest for ideas to the 1st District in Georgia, sofeel free to engage in the debate and shape the ideas of the future. Our nationdepends on we the people, each of us independently doing our part, but collectivelyfinding the answers to the problems of the day and moving forward into thefuture. A Hammer Jammer Challenge!!I challenge you the reader to look up your congressman and or senator and request a similar interview and publish it here on Hub Pages. Use the link below to contact your rep and lets get the national debate for this years elections started here and now!! When you do, email me and I will post a link here as well.Like What You've Read??  Give it a Thumbs up!Do You have something to say??? Join Hub Pages - It's Free!!sign up hereYou might just make some money as well!!Tea Party No More Lapel PinAmazon Price: $4.50Gadsden - License PlateAmazon Price: $6.45Gadsden Lapel Pin - Brass -Don't Tread On MeAmazon Price: $2.95List Price: $3.95Tea Party We are Tea'd! Lapel PinAmazon Price: $4.50Contact Elected Officials: USA.govUSA.gov: Contact Elected Officials -- Locate e-mail and mailing addresses, phone numbers, and more for your local, state, and federal officials.Representative Jack KingstonRepublicans - Other Lapel PinsAmazon Price: $2.25List Price: $3.95WE'LL WAIT 2012 - REPUBLICAN Political Pinback Button 1.25" Pin / BadgeAmazon Price: $0.01Set of 6 GARY JOHNSON for President 2012 Pinback Buttons 1.25" Pins RepublicanAmazon Price: $4.99FRIENDS DON'T LET FRIENDS VOTE REPUBLICAN Political Pinback Button 1.25" Pin / Badge ~ Anti Republican / Pro Democratic Party DemocratsAmazon Price: $0.01Donkey PinAmazon Price: $19.61Set of 6 DEMOCRATIC PARTY Pinback Buttons 1.25" Pins Democrat / Left Wing / Liberal / DonkeyAmazon Price: $4.99An Independent Voters View | An Interview with Rep Jack Kingston (R) Ga in the NewsRepublicans retake US House, target expensesBrisbane Times3 days agoA day after retaking the House of Representatives, US Republicans moved Thursday to make good on a campaign vow to slash spending with a mostly symbolic vote to cut lawmakers' office budgets.US Republicans hit some bumps amid triumphSin Chew Jit Poh14 hours agoWASHINGTON, Sunday 9 January 2011 (AFP) - US President Barack Obama's Republican foes triumphantly took over the House of Representatives -- only to find themselves beset by criticism and nursing self-inflicted political wounds.US congresswoman wounded, five killed in shootingThe Malaysian Insider19 hours agoTUCSON, Jan 9  A US congresswoman from Arizona was shot in the head and seriously wounded and six other people were killed by a man who opened fire at a meeting the politician was holding in Tucson yesterday, officials said. Gabrielle Giffords, a 40-year-old Democrat in her third term in the House of Representatives, was airlifted to a hospital ...vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Independent Voters View: An Old Soldiers View | Close GITMO Now!Independent Voters View: An Independent Voters View | Global Warming Junk Science Revealedsheila b.10 months ago Your interview was good - but it's so difficult to trust any entrenched politicians. He's been there spending for how many years? And now that he, and the others, have been caught, they're saying the right words.Hmrjmr110 months ago Sheila - unlike many others you can check his voting record at his web site I would suggest you do, Thanks for stopping by!Tom Whitworth10 months ago Hmrjmr1,Jack sounds like a good man for the job. Does the all of the above energy approach include clean coal? West Virginia will die without it.Pamela9910 months ago Hmrjmr, I think that was an excellent interview and I approve of his voting record if everything was accurate in the interview. He seems to have the right solutions for many of our current problems.  I am always reluctant to back anyone who has been around Congress for so many years but I was impressed with his answers.  This email interview was a great idea.Hmrjmr110 months ago Tom- Thanks for stopping by and commenting, I didn't include clean coal because at the time I wrote the questions it seemed to already be the centerpiece in the legislation at hand, but Jacks answers indicate all means all so I would not consider it out of the debate but already has many many backers.Hmrjmr110 months ago Pam- Thanks for stopping by and commenting. If you want to fact check (I did), Rep Kingston posts his record on his web site. He is what he says and does the same. I would encourage you to do the same sort of interview for your congressman and post it up. We need to spread the word straight up.carolina muscle10 months ago Interesting article, Hmrjmr!!Hmrjmr110 months ago CM - Much Thanks my Friend!!50 Caliber10 months ago Good job! I'll try that venue and see what comes out, quail or turkeys.breakfastpop10 months ago Dear hmrjmr,What an outstanding interview. The Congressman sounds like a fine man and I commend you for your resourcefulness in getting this interview. Great work. You have given new meaning to the phrase "power to the people".Hmrjmr110 months ago 50 Cal - Thanks! Go get em lad! Looking forward to the result!Pop - Thanks! Would love to see you do the same thing with your congressman!!dohn12110 months ago You did an excellent job in posing your questions as they are very much the same questions that we the people are most concerned about.  Hats off to you for conducting the interview!  This must be the firs of it's kind on HubPages.DohnHmrjmr110 months ago dohn - Thanks you sir! Glad you enjoyed the read!tony072410 months ago Hmrjmr for not being a journalist I just wanted to give you huge props as you did an outstanding job on this one !Hmrjmr110 months ago Tony - You humble me with your high praise, I would like to see you do the same for your rep follow the links and give it a go, You'd do well. Thanks again lad.lyricsingray10 months ago hmr, Im so dumb to this being Canadian and all.  But I'll tell you this much - I learned tons and I think your challenge is brilliant, besides, I always love your hubsmy dear friendgreat jobKimberlyThank youHmrjmr110 months ago Kimberly - Thanks you so much for your kind words. Glad you learned something here and hope you make it work for you in Canada too. Love ya..H P Roychoudhury10 months ago Great work in the search of the power of the people.Hmrjmr110 months ago HP Thank you sir, it's the sort of work we all must do if we are to remain free. GBY!Madame X9 months ago This is excellent! You did a great job hmrjmr. Someone above mentioned that now that their feet are to the fire they'll all be saying the right things. Well, that's the idea - to Keep their feet to the fire. Although I do have to say that Jack sounds like a decent guy. Still, he is a politician - a rose by any other name . . .I'd like to interview my rep but . . . that would be Nancy Pelosi (you can feel sorry for me now :) I doubt I'd get the great interview you did. . . sigh.Hmrjmr19 months ago Madame X Thanks for stopping by, If I were you I would most certainly try and then publish the refusals if that's what happens. She is suppose to answer to you, I would publish it far and wide if mine did not. Keep on Hubbing!!habee9 months ago Good for you! Keep the GA boys straight!Hmrjmr19 months ago Thanks for stopping by Habee, I do my best, now it's your tun to checkup on yours!!readytoescape8 months ago HMRJMR,Terrific piece. Very well arranged and conceived set of questions, as a follow up I would love to read your reactions and impressions to gauge and discern his responses from staff speak and genuine significance.Again well done my friend!Hmrjmr18 months ago RTE - Thanks for stopping by! I am following up on the notepad as I posed some additional Q's Will put it out when I have an answer.. Stay tuned...habee8 months ago John, I just found out today that my ex is running against Kingston!Hmrjmr18 months ago Thanks for the heads up Habee! I just searched the local papers for a candidate and couldn't find one has he announced yet? Who should I be looking for? Do you think he'd let me interview him?habee8 months ago John, he has qualified. His name is Oscar L. Harris, II. He lives in Wayne County, outside Jesup. I'll send you a personal email to tell you more.Hmrjmr18 months ago Thanks Hollie I'll check it out!!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites96Hmrjmr1From Georgia, USA438 Followers204 HubsJoined 18 months agoRead more hubs by Hmrjmr1Contact Hmrjmr1Follow Hmrjmr1Subscribe to Hmrjmr1's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Hmrjmr1 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsSt George's Day and everything Englishasked by Princessa 9 months ago56 answersAnswer this questionHubMob Weekly Topic: St. Patricks day and the Irish-American heritageasked by Princessa 10 months ago68 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsPolitically Correct Americans Need To Just Shut Upby crazyhorsesghostEric Holderby James A WatkinsWhy Obama Won't Run Againby vrajavalaChapter 5, Hey, ever heard of the fox guarding the hen...by Partisan PatriotPlaying Politics With The CIAby Dewey CheatemIs The Supreme Court Infected by Political Correctness?by vrajavala Politics and Political Science ForumTopicRepliesIs being gay and marijuana punishments worst than the crime.posted by Castlepaloma45Obama the Winner in Lame Duck Sessionposted by Doug Hughes1I will not vote for evilposted by Petra Vlah61Post a new topic174 more topics Tagspolitics america energy president obama washington republican Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 2.94 sec)  working