The PJ Tatler - powered by FeedBurner&The PJ Tatlersyndicated content powered by FeedBurner...Reset this favorite; show all Subscribe optionsSubscribe Now!...with web-based news readers. Click your choice below:...with other readers:(Choose Your Reader)FeedDemonNetNewsWireNewsFireNewsGator Outlook EditionRSSOwlShrookUniversal Subscription Mechanism (USM) View Feed XMLFeedBurner makes it easy to receive content updates in My Yahoo!, Newsgator, Bloglines, and other news readers.Learn more about syndication and FeedBurner...A message from this feed's publisher: Current Feed ContentRasmussen: 75% want ObamaCare changedPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 16:53:32 +0000Rasmussens latest: 75% of likely want ObamaCare changed. They dont all agree on what to change or when to change it, but thats a huge number wanting change they can actually believe in. But according to the LA Times, pursuing changes to the law would just be too darn divisive to contemplate.And as long as were talking polls, Quinnipiac has an interesting one:Americans seem to be rejecting the blame game for the Arizona shooting.  By far, the largest number thinks this tragedy could not have been prevented, said Peter A. Brown, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute. Although a bare majority of voters say political rhetoric might drive unstable people to violence, less than one in seven blame it for the Arizona incident.Why We FightPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 16:33:13 +0000StrategyPage details the ten most important military developments of 2010, including this charming item:Islamic terrorists have bet their future on their success in recruiting children to be suicide bombers and Islamic terrorists in general. This has been going on for some years, but as more Moslem adults give up on Islamic terrorism, the need for new recruits has increasingly turned to kids. Palestinian terror groups have developed a unique method of recruiting young suicide bombers; childrens television. The programming directed at children has, for over a decade, increasingly encouraged kids to aspire to be a suicide bomber. The Palestinian method is more effective, as they encourage little girls, as well as boys, to seek eternal salvation as suicide bombers. Saudi Arabia, and other Islamic nations, have tried to eliminate the indoctrination of children to be suicide bombers, or Islamic terrorists in general. These efforts have not been a success. The indoctrination continues, and another generation of eager suicide bombers is on the way.In unrelated news (cough, cough), PA is attempting to bypass Israel and get the UN to unilaterally recognize Palestines independence  within its 1967 borders.Paul Krugman cant bring himself to write three little wordsPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 16:13:25 +0000In todays New York Times, columnist Paul Krugman spends 822 words telling readers what every sane person already knows: That its unacceptable to get violent over political differences. Krugman fails to include three little words: I was wrong. Im a hypocrite would even have sufficed.Majority of elected officials dont know much about the ConstitutionPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 15:51:35 +0000Democrat Phil Hare isnt wasnt the only Constitutional ignoramus among our betters. A majority of our elected officials dont know much about the Constitution, according to a survey conducted by the Intercollegiate Studies Institute. The general public didnt do much better, but it did do better by a point here and there than elected pols. So the GOP-led reading of the Constitution that kicked off the 112th Congress amounted to remedial reading for many, if not most, who were there.Exploitation of Giffords Shooting by HuffPoPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 15:19:27 +0000Exploitation of the Giffords shooting at the HuffPo  not shocking, but well documented, alas.Texas Senate Race: Release the Hounds!Posted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 15:10:45 +0000Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchisons announcement Thursday that she will not seek re-election in 2012 is setting off brisk business for political consultants from Austin to Washington. The sheer depth of the GOP bench is impressive, creating a release the hounds! moment the state hasnt seen in decades, and has never seen on the GOP side. I published a short list of major Republican candidates yesterday, and Allahpundit ran a similar list with a bit of handicapping thrown in. State Sen. Florence Shapiro and Dallas Mayor Tom Leppert should be added to the lists. This race for Hutchisons Senate seat will set off a domino effect, as statewide officeholders, congressmen, state senators and perhaps state representatives and a mayor vie for the open seat. On the GOP side, were going to need an app to keep track of all the players. Some enterprising political social media company will probably have one built within a week.On the Democratic side, more disappointment: Bill White, their nominee for governor in 2010, is out. That leaves Chris Bell, who proved he can lose a statewide race in 2006, and John Sharp and maybe Tony Sanchez, whose awful 2002 race made history. Why not toss Farouk Is On Fiyah! Shami into the mix as well? All have run statewide campaigns, and all have lost statewide campaigns. Theres no reason to think 2012 will be any different for any of them.Update: Oops, I forgot Kinky Friedman. The Senate race gives the musician-writer-independent-Democrat another chance to sell cigars (which are actually pretty good; heres my recommendation). So pencil him in until he says otherwise.Liberalism doesnt existPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 14:54:37 +0000One of the problems that conservatives have in attacking liberals is that liberalism doesnt really exist. Theres no there there. Its simply a masquerade for greed  a bunch of phony precepts no one really believes that are mouthed in order to get on unmolested with the business of material acquisition. Hollywood is a great example of this.  So is Marin county, as shown in John Rosenbergs PJM piece this morning on the countys minority problem.  A spinoff aspect of this is that when you attack phony pieties your adversary doesnt really care. Its only about cosmetics.  Fix the cosmetics and you move on. They win by akido.Scotch tape X-raysPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 14:52:13 +0000Peeling Scotch tape creates flashes of X rays.It may even be able to ignite nuclear fusion.No, really.(H/T to Walter Jon Williams.)Sen Phil Gramm flip flops?Posted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 14:19:58 +0000Is former Senator Phil Gramm flip flopping?  A highly placed GOP source has told the Tatler that the Texan is hot on the phone to a slew of incoming congressional freshmen, heavily twisting arms to convince them to vote in favor of a rise in the $14 Trillion debt ceiling when it comes up for a vote this Spring. This is not the fiscal hawk Republicans remember and some suspect it is because he is Vice Chairman of UBS, the Swiss banking giant. He is wearing his corporate hat rather than his public hat, is how one source described it to the Tatler. Gramm, incidentally, is a featured speaker at this weeks congressional Republican retreat in Baltimore.Texas, California, and the Tale Of The CoyotePosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 13:33:38 +0000Texas, California, and the Tale Of The Coyote:  Dan Mitchell captures the difference between the two states.Solving a Problem Like Paul KrugmanPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 05:58:08 +0000Youve seen Ed Driscolls photoshop, now enjoy the song parody!Together we Thrive Recycled SloganPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 04:51:37 +0000If you wondered how the logo together we thrive was cooked up so quickly by the White House, the answer may be that it was recycled from a blog reprinted on the Organizing for America website during the 2008 electionHeres the original.h/t: Minus_the_BearClarie FeldmanTexas Delegation to vote as a bloc in RNC ballotPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 04:19:46 +0000Steve Munisteri, chairman of the Texas GOP, issued a statement late Thursday regarding how the Texas delegation will vote for the next RNC chair on Friday. According to the statement posted on the partys web site, Chairman Munisteri, Texas National Committeeman Bill Crocker, and National Committeewoman Borah Van Dormolen, will vote as a bloc. Chairman Munisteri:Saul Anuzis is a candidate that we are all comfortable with.  I am convinced he is a  movement, grassroots conservative who has demonstrated exceptional  fundraising and organizational abilities as former Chairman of the  Michigan Republican Party. Thus, tomorrow on Friday, January 14th, all  three of us have committed to vote for Saul Anuzis, when the vote for  RNC Chairman is held.The statement cites Anuzis proven fundraising abilities and his grassroots acumen. Crocker and Van Dormolen had previously declared their support for Anuzis. Munisteri, who in six months as chairman has helped erase a decade of debt for the Texas GOP and led the party into the black, had not yet declared.The light dawnsPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 02:33:14 +0000The urge to save humanity is almost always a false-front for the urge to rule it.H. L. MenckenMichelle Obama keeping the Climate of Hate Nonsense AlivePosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 02:30:46 +0000In a release, which like the memorial service itself, exaggerates the national significance of this weekends tragic shootings in Arizona, First Lady Michelle Obama undercuts the Presidents message yesterday that the incident had nothing to do with political rhetoric:[I]t makes us think about what an event like this says about the world we live in  and the world in which our children will grow up.the days and weeks ahead, as we struggle with these issues ourselves, many of us will find that our children are struggling with them as well. The questions my daughters have asked are the same ones that many of your children will have  and they dont lend themselves to easy answers. But they will provide an opportunity for us as parents to teach some valuable lessons  about the character of our country, about the values we hold dear, and about finding hope at a time when it seems far away.We can teach our children that here in America, we embrace each other, and support each other, in times of crisis. And we can help them do that in their own small way  whether its by sending a letter, or saying a prayer, or just keeping the victims and their families in their thoughts.We can teach them the value of tolerance  the practice of assuming the best, rather than the worst, about those around us. We can teach them to give others the benefit of the doubt, particularly those with whom they disagree.We can also teach our children about the tremendous sacrifices made by the men and women who serve our country and by their families. We can explain to them that although we might not always agree with those who represent us, anyone who enters public life does so because they love their country and want to serve it.Like her husband, on the public stage they both play to the middle while wink winking at their allies on the left, allies who in this case libeled the presidents political opposition. Just as the President telephoned Sheriff Dupnik and greeted him warmly before the speech, even though Dupnik was instrumental in spreading the climate of hate rhetoric. His wife subtly suggests in her message that heated political rhetoric led to the violence in Tucson.If her children  or yours, for that matter  ask about what she calls these issues, tell them the truth: There are some seriously disturbed people in this world who unfortunately sometimes cause mayhem. Some, perhaps many, could benefit from medical treatment. They are unlikely to seek it themselves, but there are laws to get them examined to see if they need treatment and some people in Tucson, including apparently Sheriff Dupnik, unfortunately failed in their obligations to do that.Polls and common sensePosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 02:10:42 +0000Those poll numbers indicate once again that the ordinary voter tends to show more common sense than the MSM thinks it will.  Theyre not buying the MSM narrative du jour about Tucson and the Tea Parties.  Its The Wisdom of Crowds all over again.Smug of PriusesPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 01:20:13 +0000A murder of crows; a smug of Priuses.  Or is it Prii?  Prium?  You can cast your vote on this all-important issue here.Next Obama Crisis: $4 Gallon GasPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 00:55:56 +0000Washington insiders are wondering if the next real economic crisis facing President Obama is when gasoline prices spike to $4 or $5 per gallon. At todays press briefing, a White House press spokesman rebuffed queries about the possibility saying  there are many people that would get upset at me if I started to opine on oil and gas prices, so I wont.On the BrinkPosted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 00:32:42 +0000Take a look at my new piece in City Journal about what the heck just happened in Lebanon. Man up, Chris Christie?Posted: Fri, 14 Jan 2011 00:20:55 +0000Hoo-boy. NJ Gov. Chris Christie has opened up a can of worms by saying somethingkind of obvious, actually.He described his town hall-style meetings  videos of which have made  him a rising star among Republicans nationally  where attendance is  not limited to supporters, and he routinely takes questions ranging from  fawning to hostile. For presidential candidates, he said, moments like  that are probably inevitable.You have to look at it and see, what are they like when theyre  tested, what are they like when theyre not scripted, what are they like  when theyre pushed, he said. And I would contend to you that if  Governor Palin never does any of those things, shell never be  president, because people in America wont countenance that. They just  wont.Actually, America did countenance that in 2008, and elected as president a senator who had spent barely any time in the Senate and whose love affair with the teleprompter has spawned its own twitter feed. So the question is, would America countenance that again? I dont think so.Or maybe I just hope not.Will Obama meet with Chinese dissidents as Hu comes to Washington?Posted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 23:50:37 +0000The Tatler has learned that nine human rights groups have challenged President Obama to meet with Chinese dissidents in advance of next weeks visit by Chinese President Hu Jintao. Lots of luck.  They sent a letter to the President asking him to shift his weak Chinese human rights policy, which has ignored crack downs on Tibetan, Chinese and Uighurs.  Earlier this year the Chinese had a meltdown when one of their imprisoned human rights activists won the Nobel Peace Prize.KrugmanPosted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 23:21:18 +0000Over on my PJ Express blog, I have a little Photoshop fun with a pair of 2009 Newsweek covers, taking their cover from April of 2009 featuring Krugman and simply replacing the copy with what the magazine wrote later that year for their Sarah Palin cover, with appropriate changes for gender and party.In other words, How Do You Solve a Problem Like Krugman?Klavans History of Western CulturePosted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 23:17:43 +0000This blood soaked melee was known as Europe. Check out Andrew Klavans History of Western Culture in 2 1/2 Minutes over on our sister site. No White House Invites for Rights Groups During Hu VisitPosted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 23:01:53 +0000The Tatler is asking prominent human rights groups if any of them had received invitations for January 19 White House state dinner for Chinese President Hu Jintao .  So far all said they are still waiting for invites. They shouldnt hold their breath.Terror RulesPosted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 22:13:37 +0000Richard, of course shots will be fired in Lebanon.  Probably as Hezbollah takes power, but with complete certainty after Hezbollah takes power.A terror clique with 50,000 rockets and a lust to kill every Jew (and perhaps anyone not-Hezbollah) is perhaps about to command its own state.  No one has ever seen this before, but its not stretch to say that its going to be bloody.LA Times politicizes calls for less heated political rhetoricPosted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 22:09:40 +0000The House GOP is set to take on one of the most onerous parts of ObamaCare  the 1099 requirement. The bill that would undo that, HR 4, already has significant Democratic support. But the LA Times is worried, furrowing its brow and wringing its gentle hands, that pursuing this effort could hurt the GOP in a time when calls for civility ring across the fruited plain.As lawmakers promise a new era of comity after the Arizona shooting attack that left six dead and Rep. Gabrielle Giffords (D-Ariz.) in critical condition, Republican leaders grappled with how  and when to return to an issue that brought political discourse to a  boiling point.A House vote to repeal the healthcare law, put on hold after Saturdays shooting of 19 people in Tucson, presents Republicans with an unexpected challenge.If they move too quickly, GOP leaders risk appearing tone deaf to pleas  to reject overheated rhetoric  the leading of example of which is the  healthcare debate last year.For the millionth time, LA Times: Heated political rhetoric had nothing to do with the actions of an apolitical paranoid schizophrenic. But hey, we appreciate your concern. Obviously you folks have nothing but Republicans best fortunes in mind, right? (via Patterico)Obama: weve got Hezbollah on the runPosted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 21:56:19 +0000President Obama said that The efforts by the Hezbollah-led coalition to collapse the Lebanese government only demonstrate their own fear and determination to block the governments ability to conduct its business and advance the aspirations of all of the Lebanese people. Does he really believe that? Has he dismissed the possibility that Hezbollah thinks it is now about to take over Lebanon without firing a shot?tongue_thtuckPosted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 21:44:21 +0000Geez, the holiday season just ended two weeks ago, and already, people are forgetting the important advice they learned from A Christmas Story. media double standard alive and wellPosted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 21:38:36 +0000I wrote a post for Pajamas Media in May of 2010 entitled The Appalling Media Double Standard on Reporting Political Violence. Sadly, the MSMs libelous coverage of the past week has shown just how well that story has held up over time.Assisted SuicidePosted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 21:07:54 +0000Dont miss Lee Smiths new piece in Tablet where he argues that Western journalists should stop helping the Arab world kill itself by uncritically repeating destructive conspiracy theories.What If the Tucson Victims had been Black?Posted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 20:44:18 +0000Ralph Peters, who has earned the right to be taken seriously, makes an important point: headline victim stories are most often stories about a rare sort of violence, namely those with white victims and even white perps. The most frequent violent crimes are black-on-black and they are not as frequently and certainly not as dramatically reported. Nor, he adds, is one of the really big tragedies of our country, namely the lousy schools to which we condemn so many of our minority kids.Those of us in the District of Columbia know these stories all too well, alas. The latest elections here produced the defeat of a rational mayor who had hired a terrific woman to try to salvage the school system. They lost bigtime. And the death rate of young blacks in the District is one of the highest in the country.Its the political equivalent of Dr Kavorkians dream for America.Red state vs blue statePosted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 20:41:46 +0000Compare and contrast: This week, the Democrat dominated Illinois legislature jacked up income taxes on residents by an astounding 66%, and the Democratic governor of that state is delighted. In Texas, according to sources in Austin the Republican dominated House has voted today to slash members staff spending by 10% during session and 14% in the interim. And the Republican governor has pledged to balance the states budget without raising taxes.Scientifical AmericanPosted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 20:27:54 +0000BREAKING: Scientists discover time interval shorter than Planck Time  the Median Blame Time, or the time between a tragic event and the media blaming that event on Sarah Palin, Glenn Beck, or the Tea Party.A Heartening Story About Self-DefensePosted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 20:13:26 +0000With all the talk about the Giffords shooting, and gun control rearing its ugly head, I needed something positive to clear my heavy heart.The video shows that Raul Rivera is a working-class fellow, an immigrant, and pursuing the American Dream.He bought a house in Houston to renovate. Recently, two men decided theyd use Mr. Riveras roofing materials, which lay in packages awaiting installation, instead of buying their own. A neighbor called Rivera, who rushed over and confronted them. He shot one of the burglars, who was caught in his van by the police, shingles inside.Texas law has an interesting aspect, due to a history of cattle rustlers. Section 9.42 allows the use of deadly force to prevent the others imminent commission of arson, burglary, robbery, aggravated robbery, theft during the nighttime, or criminal mischief during the nighttime; orto prevent the other who is fleeing immediately after committing burglary, robbery, aggravated robbery, or theft during the nighttime from escaping with the property.Simply put, you dont need to be in a life-and-death confrontation to justify deadly force, if a burglary occurs at night. Mr. Rivera was within his rights to protect his property.The other aspect is a hello to conservatives. We all heard about Obama exhorting Americans of Hispanic descent to punish their enemies. Mr. Rivera did that with aplomb.However, pro- and anti-rights generally fall along party lines. Mr. Rivera demonstrated that many Americans of Hispanic descent support conservative values.We can do more to welcome people like Mr. Rivera into our political world and encourage them to support the American values which brought him here in the first place.Daily Kos  Tucson Is an isolated incidentPosted: Thu, 13 Jan 2011 20:00:36 +0000Even todays Daily Kos, has published a poll showing a majority of Americans believe the Tucson shooting was an isolated incident resulting from an individuals action. Kos also says that three out of four believe people shouldbe allowed to carry a concealed weapon. The poll by an obscure polling firm, Vision Critical & Angus Reid, mirrors national surveys.  CBS News found that nearly six in 10 Americans say the countrys political rhetoric is not to blame for the Tucson shooting. ARasmussen poll showed the shooting was just a random act of violence by an unstable person .FeedBurner delivers the world's subscriptions wherever they need to go. Publish a feed for text or podcasting? You should try FeedBurner today.