CNN Breaking News:  7.1 Magnitude Earthquake Strikes Coastal Chile // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 217Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 02, 2011| 75 commentsCNN Breaking News:  7.1 Magnitude Earthquake Strikes Coastal Chilesource: http://del.icio.usAn error occurred while setting up video display.EthicalVegan added this7.1 magnitude earthquake strikes coastal Chile, about 43 miles northwest of Temuco, the U.S.G.S said. 7.1-magnitude earthquake hits ChileJanuary 2nd, 201103:47 PM ETA 7.1-magnitude earthquake struck the coastal area of Chile on Sunday, some 69 kilometers (43 miles) northwest of Temuco, the U.S. Geological Survey said.groups:News, Earth and Science, Current Tonight, World News tags:Chile,Earthquakes,USGS,Araucania,Tirua 1 more|75 comments// CNN Breaking News:  7.1 Magnitude Earthquake Strikes Coastal Chilehide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0GISchmoWhen it rains, it pours...or...when it caves in, it shakes violently. 5 days agoflag  reply+1royuleryin the last 100 million years, the great continent of pangea split up, sending north and south americas across the ocean.  as the land masses were pushed westward they plowed up beaches and islands, folding them into one long mountain range from the tip of south america to alaska.  this has involved a lot of shaking and even though the westward movement of america has stopped(with the collision of america into the pacific plate) the shaking continues and will as long as there is molten rock to float the continents. 6 days agoflag  reply+1EthicalVegan  royulery:I love getting information such as this -- so, thanks! 6 days agoflag  reply-2ayipishttp://www.2012endofdays.org/more/Bible-Prophecy.phpThe amazing symbolism runs throughout the rest of the book and of course it is highly debatable as to what is to be taken literally or symbolically.  Further judgements are released upon the earth in the form of seven trumpets, two witnesses, a dragon (the devil), the beast (the antichrist) and the false prophet, and seven golden bowls.  The judgements passed on to the Earth and its inhabitants include:    * Plague    * Earthquakes    * Hailstorms    * Fire    * Famine    * Meteor storm    * Lack of drinking water    * And moreEventually the prophecy leads up to the antichrist assuming world domination with his false prophet overseeing the one-world religion.  The antichrist rules the world for a period of time until the battle of Armageddon.  At this point, Jesus Christ returns to earth and destroys the armies of the antichrist.  Then the false prophet and the antichrist along with the devil are thrown down into the lake of fire.  Interestingly enough, the story continues to state that the devil must be released one more time after Christs 1000 year reign.  At this time a final battle takes place with the devil losing and being vanquished into the lake of fire forever.  At this time Gods kingdom is setup for eternity and all who accept Jesus as their savior are allowed access to the kingdom of God. 6 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  ayipis:Judgements passed on earth? I thought the reason things turned so bad was from Satan and his angels losing the war in heaven and being thrown down here, with us. He hates the idea of lowly humans gaining everlasting life when he knows his death is certain. Causing so many disasters prevents people from learning the Bible's promises.Some people even blame God as you have done. I'm sure you didn't do it intentionally. It's a common mistake. 6 days agoflag  reply0Nephwrack  Gravity_Man:did you even read the bible? for a J-Dub you sure don't seem to be very knowledgeable about it. like your ideas about the devil. funny stuff, really rich. take a look at the book of Job if you have any doubts about the devil's place in God's plan. LOL you blame the devil. that's hilarious. 6 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  Nephwrack:Go in Peace til your last breath. 6 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  Nephwrack:Now the holidays are over you should go get tested for VD. 6 days agoflag  reply+1royulery  ayipis:i've always wondered;  wouldn't the devil know the bible better than we do?  as god's greatest creation, the lord of light, his genius would be beyond imagining and his power of proficy at least as great as john the elder and  because of free will he wouldn't be forced blindly to his predestined fall.  i'm just say'n that,  if he had no choice but to robotically march to his demise, he's not much to worry about. 6 days agoflag  reply0Nephwrack  Gravity_Man:lol... you seem to think i'm some sort of slut. 5 days agoflag  reply0Nephwrack  Gravity_Man:dont worry. maybe someday some nice lady will pull your v-card. prolly around the same time you put up a video of your machine actually powering something. 1 day agoflag  reply0ayipiswasnt there an "awareness"movie about this??ohhhh not a movie ..a book..the bible LOL 6 days agoflag  reply0im1mjrpainH.A.A.R.P? 6 days agoflag  reply0ayipis  im1mjrpain:mother nature.. 6 days agoflag  reply0melissagourgue7.1 quake rocks Chile. Lord father mwen pa kap pran move nouvel. Lets all pray for them. We all have family all over the place. Lets keep them in prayers. 6 days agoflag  reply0toastyguy11crap, is anyone hurt? 7 days agoflag  reply+1EthicalVegan  toastyguy11:Here's your answer -- article AND video I instantly pulled from the Web....http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/americas/01/02/chile.earthquake/index.html?hpt=T2Strong earthquake strikes central ChileBy the CNN Wire StaffJanuary 2, 2011 7:24 p.m. ESTWitness describes Chile earthquakeSTORY HIGHLIGHTS    * NEW: The 7.1-magnitude quake cuts some telephone and electricity lines    * It is felt as far as Santiago, 370 miles away    * There are no immediate reports of major damage(CNN) -- A 7.1-magnitude earthquake struck the central coastal area of Chile on Sunday, some 70 kilometers (45 miles) northwest of Temuco, the U.S. Geological Survey said. There were no immediate reports of major damage or injury.The quake, which stuck around 5:20 p.m. (3:20 p.m. ET), was felt as far away as Santiago, roughly 595 km (370 miles) north of where the USGS said the quake occurred. The epicenter was more than 10 miles underground, the USGS said.Loreto Henriquez, manager of the Holiday Inn Express in Temuco, felt the quake for about a minute, describing it as loud and strong. She said people ran into the streets, but did not report any major damage.CNN Chile similarly reported no immediate injuries or damage.The temblor cut some telephone and electricity lines, according to Chile's national emergency office, which did not provide any further detail.Major quake rocks central ChileRoughly 91,000 people felt very strong shaking, according to USGS estimates.Soon after the quake, a 5.0-magnitude aftershock rattled the area around 6:10 p.m. (4:10 p.m. ET), striking some 110 km (70 miles) northwest of Temuco.The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said no widespread tsunami threat exists, but did not rule out the possibility of local tsunamis close to the quake's epicenter.In February, an 8.8-magnitude quake hit Chile near the nation's second largest city, Concepcion, killing hundreds. Sunday's quake struck roughly 100 miles south of Concepcion.CNN's Brian Walker contributed to this report. 7 days agoflag  reply+1pjacobs51Damn, they're still cleaning up the last big one from February. 7 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78the Earth she is a moving. but don't worry because the U.S. well getting one real quick like. I say in the next three weeks or sooner. I may be wrong I really hope i am but I don't think so. 7 days agoflag  reply-2Gravity_Man  bailey78:Yep Bailey, consarn your toughened backwoods hide, you sure have nailed it down to a fine point => 3 WEEKS. hahahahaha Californians have 3 weeks left to live while Los Angeles is getting SNOWED ON. 7 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  Gravity_Man:whats the worst that could happen We get a new island ?? 7 days agoflag  reply+1XasthurNortt  bailey78:When I read..... I hear A Tecs'An 7 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  XasthurNortt:No kidding thats really weird cause when I speak I hear a Texan. 7 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  bailey78:No.10 new islands, all at the same time, on your head. Terrible! 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  Gravity_Man:Well just think we will new places to go for fun in the sun 6 days agoflag  reply0ayipis  bailey78:its global warming... 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  ayipis:Hey there you are. so how is the new year treating ya? good i hope So can you tell me what you said before I cleared my E-mail? I deleated it then it said something diffrent when I got here. I know it's  global warming. But what are we going to do about it? 6 days agoflag  reply+4EmperorThanA 7.0 quake in Argentina yesterday and 7.1 in Chile today.Wouldn't it be funny if a 7.0 magnitude or greater quake struck every single day of 2011? lol  (and by funny I mean horrifying)"WHAT DID WE DO TO DESERVE THIS OH GREAT ONE!?!?!?!!?! ....oh right, all those wars." 7 days agoflag  reply-1Gravity_Man  EmperorThan:If one quake happens every day then we can just copy-paste all our posts one day to the next! 7 days agoflag  reply+4kennymotownFor the latest updates from around the world I find this website very informative!http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/recenteqsww/Quakes/quakes_all.php 7 days agoflag  reply+2EmperorThan  kennymotown:I got the Firefox Quake app so it tells me when any quake strikes and shakes my browser. Unless the quake is shaking my own house like three months ago, then I just trust my senses. lol 7 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  EmperorThan:I've only been through one Quake and it was a little one, and that was scary enough! 7 days agoflag  reply+1EmperorThan  kennymotown:The one here was the second strongest in Oklahoma state history and I thought my house was collapsing for the first few seconds. I didn't know it was a quake, I just flew backwards in my computer chair & I just thought that some component of my house or the floor had given way and was collapsing. lol Then when it tapered off into a light little rumble for 10 seconds I was like "uhhh, okay? So I'm not dying now I guess?" and my big bookcases were smacking against the wall and stuff. 7 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  EmperorThan:The last fairly good size one here in Portland I was on the road driving and didn't feel a thing, I got back to the shop and everybody was freaked out. I'm kind of glad I missed it! 7 days agoflag  reply+1EmperorThan  kennymotown:Just hope the 'big one' doesn't strike Portland anytime soon. Cus it will definitely be bigger than any California 'big one'. But you probably already know about that.Jan 26, 1700http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1700_Cascadia_earthquakehttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridge_of_the_Gods_(land_bridge) 7 days agoflag  reply+1tverdell  EmperorThan:With that app, does the browser shake?Serious question, I know on my ipod touch, the apps shake/jiggle when the OS is thinking. 7 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  EmperorThan:Yep, they have been reinforcing bridges and freeways for decades now with quake in mind! 7 days agoflag  reply0EmperorThan  tverdell:Yeah it really shakes if it's above 5.0 magnitude. For the longest time I didn't realize it was part of the quake app. I just thought my computer was screwing up. lol 6 days agoflag  reply+5ProgresshivAdd:http://www.livescience.com/environment/050103_cascadia_tsunami.html 7 days agoflag  reply+1CarlosIsDown  Progresshiv:I remember learning about that in Geography. 7 days agoflag  reply+1ProgresshivWe on the Oregon / Washington coast await a predicted 9.0 quake which will end our lives.  If the building collapses don't get us, the ensuing 60-100 foot tsunami will.  When I stop posting, you'll know what happened.http://www.oregonlive.com/news/index.ssf/2009/04/big_earthquake_coming_sooner_t.... 7 days agoflag  reply+3EthicalVegan  Progresshiv:I live on the San Andreas fault line (in Santa Clarita, California [where it is snowing right now!!!!], which is part of Los Angeles), and we're the equivalent, alas. 7 days agoflag  reply+3Incredulous  Progresshiv:if Virginia is still here, you can come to my house.  Keep the surfboard close by and try to catch the first wave...I'll saddle up the neighbor's llama and meet you wherever you hit dry land. 7 days agoflag  reply+2Incredulous  EthicalVegan:or maybe Prog can pick you up on the surfboard...we'll figure it out. 7 days agoflag  reply+2Incredulous  EthicalVegan:my sister lives in the bay area...but she has a high-powered broom she's planning on using to get out...I'll have her pick you up and you can come to my house too! 7 days agoflag  reply+2EthicalVegan  Incredulous:I'm IN!  [Besides, Virginia is my middle name.]I'm packing right now, and then I'll bundle up my ski jacket, hat, gloves, scarf, and grab the surfboard!  Why?  Because it's SNOWING right now, here in Southern California!  So cool! 7 days agoflag  reply+2Incredulous  EthicalVegan:well you can just use that surfboard to snowboard... 7 days agoflag  reply+2EthicalVegan  Incredulous:Damn right!  Fun, fun, fun! 7 days agoflag  reply+1EthicalVegan  EthicalVegan:I'd be honored to make the trip with Prog and your sister. 7 days agoflag  reply+2ampersand  Progresshiv:I must confess there's nothing I enjoy more than a good earthquake. Sitting on my deck (steps away from the artful devastation of my household) watching Santa Cruz go up in flames a couple decades ago was a fine insight into the unequaled beauty of chaos.We live on the Rim of Fire. We should enjoy watching it dance. 7 days agoflag  reply+2tommic  Progresshiv:We like you too much make sure you have a dirt bike to hightail it to higher ground Pro make sure of it 7 days agoflag  reply+1Progresshiv  EthicalVegan:I'll try to dog paddle your direction. 7 days agoflag  reply+1Progresshiv  Incredulous:What color is your llama? 7 days agoflag  reply+1Progresshiv  ampersand:That's entertainment! 7 days agoflag  reply+1Progresshiv  tommic:If I can get out of the debris, I'll head up the hill ASAP! 7 days agoflag  reply+1eden49  Progresshiv:...just jump on a flying kangaroo, darlin', and get Down Under where women roar and men thunder...xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 7 days agoflag  reply+1Progresshiv  eden49:Roar at me, my love.  XXXX 7 days agoflag  reply0EthicalVegan  ampersand:Oh, yeah, it was really "enjoyable" for me and my then ten-year-old son (thrown out of bed)  to watch so much here in Santa Clarita get destroyed.  We lost almost everything.  Our friends' three cats burned to death in one of the subsequent gas explosions.  I can't remember how many deaths there were, but I found it all horrifying.  And to be landlocked for a couple of weeks after was pretty tough, since we needed food and water, and no one could get to jobs in Los Angeles.I guess I see nature in a different way than you do, and am unable to celebrate its "artful devastation." 7 days agoflag  reply0EthicalVegan  Progresshiv:I'll meet you halfway.  Can we will 'til all "my" snow melts? 7 days agoflag  reply0Progresshiv  EthicalVegan:Okey dokey 7 days agoflag  reply0eden49  Progresshiv:...of course, my love...xo 7 days agoflag  reply0EthicalVegan  eden49:ROAD TRIP!!!!!!!!!!!! 7 days agoflag  reply0ayipis  Progresshiv:"When I stop posting, you'll know what happened"you did not pay your bill?? LOL just kidding..when that shit happens..grab your balls try to keep a positive mind..and survive..the way your talking..you are already dead even before it happens 6 days agoflag  reply+1Progresshiv  ayipis:Glub, glub, glub....... 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  Progresshiv:Hold your breath till you get to dry ground you'll be alright :) 6 days agoflag  reply+3royulerywith a quake of this size;  the mountains adjust up in height.  after many years of erosion the mountains loose mass and the quake allows the pressure from below to lift the mountains until a balance is achieved.  the usgs estimated a while ago that when the big one hits l.a., that the mountains in that area will adjust 15 feet upward.  the principal behind this takes a little imagination, a mountain is as big underground as above.  the mountain floats on semi-molten rock that is heavier than the rock that folded up into the mountain. 7 days agoflag  reply+3JanforGoreThe Ring of Fire is very busy. 7 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  JanforGore:Observe please => the outline of a worldwide Krakatoa. 7 days agoflag  reply0ayipis  JanforGore:i think its caused by global warming.. 6 days agoflag  reply+2EthicalVeganhttp://www.worldof22.com/2011/01/chile-earthquake-measuring-71-hits.htmlSunday, January 2, 2011Chile: Earthquake Measuring 7.1 Hits AraucaniaA major earthquake, measuring 7.1 on the Richter Scale, has struck the Araucania region of the South American country of Chile at Sunday, January 02, 2011 at 05:20:16 PM today. The epicenter of the earthquake is located 69 km (43 miles) NW (309) from Temuco, and around 600 km south off the Chilean capital of Santiago. Further details of any loss of lives or damage to property is awaited.Based on the earthquake magnitude, location and historic tsunami records, a tsunami is not expected along the California, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia, or Alaska coast or Hawaii. No tsunami warning, watch or advisory is in effect for these areas. However, at coastal locations which have experienced strong ground shaking, local tsunamis are possible due to underwater landslides.Officials at the Temuco, Chile airport say they felt the quake but it caused no damage. 7 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  EthicalVegan:7.0 on friday in Chile, real close!http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/recenteqsww/Quakes/quakes_all.php 7 days agoflag  reply+2EthicalVegan  kennymotown:I saw that, too.  Ring of Fire, Ring of Fire.... big sigh (and a bit more worrying, as well). 7 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  EthicalVegan:I might of mixed the two up, but both were in south America! 7 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  EthicalVegan:So Johnny Cash was right I guess. We gon' burn burn burn.... in the ring of fire,....the ring of fire. 7 days agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  EthicalVegan:Not to forget Big Bad John at the bottom of a Man-made hell. (Jimmy Dean R.I.P.) 6 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Watch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!The Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  18 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  23 minutes agoWe're all Americans whatever our political persuasion.  We should all be alarmed by any infringement of our rights. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  34 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog