Arizona shooting: Latest developments  This Just In - CNN.com BlogsHome |Video |NewsPulse |U.S. |World |Politics |Justice |Entertainment |Tech |Health |Living |Travel |Opinion |iReport |Money  |Sports On the Radar |Web Pulse |Most Intriguing People |@cnnbrkTop stories: Arizona shootingSix people were killed and 14 others wounded, including U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in Arizona. Michael Jackson's deathHearing under way to determine if theres enough evidence for Jacksons doctor to stand trial Dollars & SenseA look at the top CNNMoney stories in business, the economy and consumerism Ivory Coast power struggleTalks between Ivory Coasts political rivals, African mediators fail to break political impasse Mega Millions madnessJackpot reaches $380 million, the second-highest in drawings history, before winners claim prizeArizona shooting: Latest developments A makeshift memorial outside U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords' District Office.January 10th, 201108:21 PM ETShare this on:FacebookTwitterDiggdel.icio.usredditMixxMySpaceStumbleUponShareComments (710 comments)PermalinkTweetFor more information, visit CNN affiliates KGUN, KOLD, KVOA, KPHO and KMSB.Six people were killed and 14 others wounded, including U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, when a gunman opened fire in front of a Safeway supermarket in Tucson, Arizona, authorities said. The congresswoman had been hosting a meeting with constituents Saturday morning when the attack began.Here are the latest developments as confirmed by CNN:[Updated at 8:19 p.m.] President Barack Obama will travel to Tucson on Wednesday, and likely will attend a memorial service and visit with the relatives of the shooting victims, many of whom he already has spoken to by phone, two senior administration officials tell CNN. [Updated at 4:33 p.m.] Suspect Jared Lee Loughner has made a 15-minute initial appearance in a federal court in Phoenix. A judge asked Loughner whether he understood the charges - attempted assassination of a member of Congress; two counts of murder for the deaths of Judge John Roll and Gabriel Zimmerman; and two counts of attempted murder. Loughner replied that he understood.A preliminary hearing is scheduled for January 24. [Updated at 2:23 p.m.] Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, D-Arizona, sent an email the night before she was shot at an event in Tucson calling for a more civil tone in politics.Giffords offered congratulations to Kentucky Secretary of State Trey Grayson, a Republican, after he was named Director of Harvard University's Institute of Politics on Friday."After you get settled, I would love to talk about what we can do to promote centrism and moderation," Giffords wrote in the email, provided to CNN by Grayson. "I am one of only 12 Dems left in a GOP district (the only woman) and think that we need to figure out how to tone our rhetoric and partisanship down."[Updated at 12:43 p.m.] Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro weighed in on the Arizona mass shooting that killed six and injured 14, including Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, in a column distributed Monday.[Updated at 12:15 p.m.] Arizona Rep. Gabrielle Giffords remains in critical condition but her condition has stabilized, doctors at Tucson's University Medical Center indicated Monday."We're not out of the woods yet" but are optimistic about her prospects of recovery, said Dr. Michael Lemole, chief of neurosurgery.[Updated at 12:03 p.m.] Two patients from Saturday's shooting have been discharged and only two remain in intensive care, the chief of the department of surgery at Tucson's University Medical Center announced Monday.Eight patients remain at Tucson's University Medical Center, Chief of Emergency Medicine Peter Rhee announced Monday. Five are in serious condition, two are in good condition, and one is in critical condition, Rhee said.[Updated at 11:01 a.m.] President Barack Obama led the nation in a moment of silence Monday for victims of the weekend massacre in Tucson, Arizona.[Updated at 9:47 a.m.] Judge John Roll, one of the victims in the Arizona shooting, will leave  behind a legacy as a man who put excellent attention into every  component of his life, his former clerk spoke told CNN's T.J. Holmes.[Updated at 9:15 a.m.] Dr. Steven Rayle, helped hold the Arizona gunman  down and Patricia Maisch, grabbed the magazine cartridge after suspect Jared Lee Loughner allegedly opened fire in a Safeway in Tuscon,  Arizona."You just react," Maisch told CNN about approaching the gunman. "You just do  it."[Updated at 9:01 a.m.] The University Medical Center in Tucson is expected to give an updated  diagnosis on Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords condition later Monday  morning after she was shot in the head.Chief of neurosurgery at the hospital, Dr. Michael Lemole, told CNN that Rep. Giffords is 'holding her own' and that no change in her condition is a good thing. [Updated at 8:49 a.m.] Ben McGahee, Jared Lee Loughner's former teacher at  Pima Community College told CNN he believed suspect Jared Lee Loughner was a troubled man and that he was "scared of what he could do.'[Updated at 8:34 a.m.] While the motivation for Saturday's attack in Tucson, Arizona are still  unclear, a concern in Washington and in the nation at large is whether  or not the current political rhetoric has gotten out of control.Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz warns that while "we cannot allow  incidences like this intimidate" we still must remember that "words matter."[Updated at 8:00 a.m.] Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik, whose department is  working on the case, said they have evidence showing Jared Lee   Loughner "specifically targeted the congresswoman."[Updated at 7:40 a.m.] Arizona State Representative Steve Farley talked to CNN about Gabrielle Giffords and her family who he described as remaining 'strong' and 'optimistic.'[Updated 4:50 a.m.] Astronaut Mark Kelly, Giffords' husband, released his first public statement since the weekend shooting rampage outside an Arizona supermarket that left his wife critically injured. He thanked supporters, expressedcondolences to families of other victims and suggested that well-wishers make donations to Tucson's Community Food Bank and the American Red Cross. "Many of you have offered help. There is little that we can do but pray for those who are struggling," he said.[Updated Monday at 2:12 a.m.] Suspect Jared Lee Loughner is scheduled to make an initial appearance before a federal magistrate in Phoenix, Arizona, Monday at 2 p.m. (4 p.m. ET), prosecutors said.[Updated 9:45 p.m.] Suspect Jared Lee Loughner tried  to buy ammunition at a Wal-Mart afewweeks back butwas turned down  because of his behavior, a law enforcement source said. He then  successfully bought it at a differentWal-Mart, according to the source.[Updated 9:16 p.m.] A woman credited with wrestling an ammunition magazine from the suspect says she didn't have time to think about what she was doing. "(The  suspect) pulled the magazine out of his pants pocket and it dropped onto  the sidewalk. And before he could reach it, I got it," Patricia Maisch  said.[Updated 7:49 p.m.] Suspect Jared Lee Loughner was  rejected by the Army for military service after failing a drug test in  2008, according to an administration official.[Updated 7:43 p.m.] The U.S. Supreme Court says it  will observe the moment of silence that President Barack Obama called  for at 11 a.m. ET Monday. To accommodate this, the court will convene 10  minutes early, at 9:50 a.m. ET, so that theday's first argument before  the court will be completed by 11 a.m.[Updated 7:36 p.m.] House Democrats and Republicans participated in a rare bipartisan conference call Sunday to discuss the condition of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords as well as security concerns for members of Congress.[Updated 6:33 p.m.] According to a federal agent's  affidavit, U.S. District Judge John Roll, who was killed in the  shooting, came to the Tucson from Phoenix to discuss the volume of  federal cases in Arizona with Giffords.[Updated 6:28 p.m.] The FBI has confirmed that  investigators have found, questioned and cleared a man they had sought  as a "person of interest" after the killings. The man was cab driver who  dropped suspect Jared Lee Loughner off at the Safeway where Giffords'  "Congress on Your Corner" event was being held, a law enforcement  official previously said.[Updated 6:24 p.m.] Veteran federal public defender  Judy Clarke, who has experience in several high-profile cases including  those of "Unabomber" Ted Kaczynski and convicted terrorist Zacarias  Moussaoui, was appointed to defend suspect Jared Lee Loughner, a federal  judicial source said.[Updated6:01 p.m.] Calls to 911 following Saturday's shooting - released Sunday by the Pima County Sheriff's Office - paint a patchy picture of the scene.[Updated 4:56 p.m.] Investigators found papers  bearing the words "my assassination" and "Giffords" in a safe in the  home of shooting suspect Jared Lee Loughner, according to a complaint  filed against him in federal court.[Updated 3:56 p.m.] U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords is  the only person wounded in Saturday's shooting who is still in critical  condition, doctors at University Medical Center in Tucson said. Three  are in serious condition, six are in fair condition, and one has been  released, they said. Officers of the Arizona Anti-Defamation League issued a statement  condemning the attack: "During her years in the statehouse, Rep.  Giffords served on the ADL Arizona Regional Board. Her affiliation with  ADL, which monitors and exposes hate and extremist groups, contributed  to her awareness of the nexus between hate ideology and violence. It is a  testament to her dedication to her constituents that despite past  threats against her, Rep. Giffords has always been so accessible to the  people she represents. Our thoughts and prayers are with Congresswoman  Giffords and the other victims and their families."[Updated 3:33 p.m.] Investigators have identified  and ruled out the "person of interest" they were seeking in connection  with the shooting, a law enforcement official said Sunday.[Updated 3:30 p.m.] Federal authorities have charged  Jared Lee Loughner, the 22-year-old suspect in Saturday's Arizona  massacre, with first-degree murder, attempted murder and attempting to  kill a member of Congress, according to court documents. Read the charges here.[Updated at 3:25 p.m.] President Barack Obama called  for a moment of silence to be held at 11 a.m. ET Monday and ordered  flags to be flown at half-staff."I call on Americans to observe a moment of silence to honor the  innocent victims of the senseless tragedy in Tucson, Arizona, including  those still fighting for their lives," the president said in a news  release. "It will be a time for us to come together as a nation in  prayer or reflection, keeping the victims and their families closely at  heart."[Updated at 2:21 p.m. ET] Law enforcement  investigators were speaking with a second person in the Arizona Safeway  shootings case, a law enforcement official told CNN.It is not clear  whether this individual is the same person police had sought via the  release of a surveillance image from overnight. It is also unknown at  this time what connection this individual may have to the investigation.[Updated at 1:38 p.m. ET] A dark-haired man seen in a  picture distributed by authorities apparently "may not have been  involved at all, but we still need to verify that," Pima County Sheriff  Clarence Dupnik said Sunday.[Updated at 1:18 p.m. ET] Precautions are in place  to ensure the security of public officials after the shooting of an  Arizona congresswoman, although authorities are aware of no specific  threat against them, FBI Director Robert Mueller told reporters Sunday.[Updated at 1:12 p.m. ET] The suspect in the  Saturday shootings of 20 people at a Tucson, Arizona, grocery store is  in federal custody, FBI Director Robert Mueller told reporters. Formal  charges are expected against Jared Lee Loughner Sunday afternoon, he  said.[Updated at 12:13 p.m. ET] U.S. Rep. Gabrielle  Giffords of Arizona is "able to communicate" with people, and the  gunshot wound she sustained Saturday did not cross from one hemisphere  of the brain to the other, doctors at Tucson's University Medical Center  said Sunday.[Updated at 12:00 p.m. ET] President Obama spoke by  phone late Saturday to Mark Kelly, the husband of Rep. Gabrielle  Giffords, who was critically injured in a mass shooting, a senior White  House official said. The official told CNN that Obama "expressed his  deep concern and full support" for the family in the wake of the  tragedy.[Updated at 8:49 a.m. ET] House  Speaker John Boehner has asked that flags on the House side of the  Capitol be flown at half-staff in the wake of the shooting in Arizona,  marking the death of Gabe Zimmerman, who was Rep. Gabrielle Giffords'  director of community outreach. "An attack on one who serves is an  attack on all who serve," Boehner said Sunday. "Such acts of violence  have no place in our society. These tragic events remind us that all of  us, in our roles in service to our fellow citizens, comes with a risk.  This inhuman act should not and will not deter us from our calling to  represent our constituents and to fulfill our oaths of office. No act,  no matter how heinous, must be allowed to stop us from our duty,"  Boehner said. Authorities executed search warrants late  Saturday night on a car and a residence wheresuspect Jared Lee  Loughner lived with his parents, a law enforcement source said. The law enforcement source said that Loughner's  parents appeared to be cooperating with authorities, but the source did  not know to what extent. Loughner, however, was still not cooperating. He had earlier invoked his right against self-incrimination. The sheriff's office said early Sunday that the correct name of one of the victims who died in the shooting is Dorothy Morris. The Pima County Sheriff's Department is expected to hold another news conference at 11 a.m. Sunday (1 p.m. ET). The University Medical Center in Tucson will offer a patient condition update at 10 a.m. Sunday (12 p.m. ET). As of 3:45 a.m. Sunday, Giffords remained in  critical condition, said Darci Slaten, spokeswoman for the medical  center. Of the nine other shooting victims taken to that hospital, four  others were in critical condition and five were in serious condition. Early Sunday morning, the sheriff's office  released a surveillance camera photo of a male between 40 and 50 years  old who is "possibly associated with the suspect." The dark-haired man  was last seen wearing blue jeans and a dark blue jacket, and was seen at  the location where the shooting occurred. At 2 p.m. Sunday, a caucus conference call has been scheduled for  House Democrats and their spouses to get an update on the shooting, two  congressional sources said. At 8:30 a.m., Speaker of the House John Boehner will address the media in West Chester, Ohio, about the shooting.THE INCIDENT  Congresswoman Giffords was taking part in a  meet-and-greet with constituents called "Congress on Your Corner"  outside a Safeway grocery store in Tucson. Before the event, she tweeted: "My 1st Congress  on Your Corner starts now. Please stop by to let me know what is on your  mind or tweet me later." The attack happened about 10 minutes into the event. Giffords did not have any security with her, said  staffer Mark Kimble. "She wants to be as accessible to the people who  elected her as possible," he said. Dr. Steven Rayle was about 10 feet away from  Giffords when the gunman shot the congresswoman. "He continued to fire,  sort of rapidly, really at point-blank range," he said, adding that the  man was shooting indiscriminately. The suspect was tackled to the ground by two men while he was trying to reload, another witness said. The gun, which another bystander had wrestled  from the gunman, was empty and cocked open. Federal and state law  enforcement sources described it as a 9mm Glock outfitted with an  extended magazine. The shooter had another magazine at the ready,  according to Joe Zamudio, who said he was one of the bystanders who  pinned the gunman to the ground until police showed up. Hearing the shooting, Daniel Hernandez, a trained  nurse and a Giffords intern, rushed to see what happened and used his  medical training to "apply pressure to the wound and keep her active and  alert," said Arizona state Rep. Steve Farley. Hernandez was Farley's  former campaign manager.THE INVESTIGATION  Officials have not stated a motive for the  shooting. The suspect was not talking and had invoked his right against  self-incrimination, said Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik. At the direction of President Barack Obama, FBI  Director Robert Mueller was headed to Arizona to help coordinate the  investigation. The FBI is working jointly with local law enforcement.  The U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Arizona said it has about  a dozen people working on the investigation. The suspect was in federal custody early Sunday  morning, said Jason Ogan, spokesman for the Pima County Sheriff's  Department. As such, the suspect will not face a first appearance in  court Sunday, Ogan said. Authorities released a photo of a male between 40  and 50 years old who is "possibly associated with the suspect." The  dark-haired man was last seen wearing blue jeans and a dark blue jacket,  and was seen at the location where the shooting occurred. Authorities did not know whether the person they  sought actually had any connection with Jared Lee Loughner, a law  enforcement source told CNN. Authorities have a piece of evidence that  indicates this second individual was in close proximity to the store,  the source said, but declined to elaborate. That source also said authorities were seeking  search warrants for a residence and for a vehicle in connection with the  suspect in custody. A law enforcement source familiar with the  investigation said the Glock used in the shootings was purchased  legally, but did not have the details when or where it was bought. The  extended magazine used in the shooting was likely purchased separately  and at a different time, the source said. The official said such a  magazine does not automatically come with a weapons purchase and it  would be extremely rare for them to be sold together in one purchase. THE CONGRESSWOMAN Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, 40, was shot in the head  and underwent surgery Saturday. Doctors were optimistic of her chances  of surviving. "I'm about as optimistic as it can get in this situation,"  Dr. Peter Rhee of the University Medical Center said Saturday  afternoon. He said the next 24 hours will be key for determining the  extent of her recovery. First elected in 2006, Giffords is serving her third term in Congress. She narrowly beat Tea Party-backed Republican  Jesse Kelly in the November midterm elections, garnering 49% to the  latter's 47% of the votes. Known as a "Blue Dog," or moderate, Democrat,  Giffords was a key swing vote in last year's health care reform debate.  She didn't make up her mind to vote for the legislation until the final  days before the ultimate passing vote. She is married to NASA astronaut Mark Kelly, a  Navy captain who is scheduled to fly the April space shuttle mission to  the international space station. She is the only U.S. representative  with an active duty military spouse, according to her website. She has no children but is stepmother to Kelly's  two children, said Sylvia Lee, president of Pima County Community  College in Tucson. She had received threats in the past, Lee said. A  glass panel at her Tucson office was shattered the day after the health  care reform vote last year. Staffers suspected someone shot a pellet  gun at the glass. At a town hall meeting, a gun fell out of a  constituent's pocket. But Giffords' press secretary, C.J. Karamargin,  said he was unaware of any recent threats against Giffords. She generally voted with her party, but voted  against the auto bailout bill and was one of 19 Democrats to vote  against former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's bid to become the Democrats'  minority leader after the midterm elections returned Republicans to  power in the House. She holds a master's degree in regional planning  from Cornell University and a B.A. from Scripps College, where she was  awarded a William Fulbright Scholarship to study for a year in  Chihuahua, Mexico. Before embarking on a political career, she  worked for Price Waterhouse Coopers and served as chief executive  officer and president of El Campo Tire, her family's business. She then served in the Arizona Legislature from  2000 to 2005, where she was the youngest woman elected to the Arizona  state Senate. THE SUSPECTED GUNMAN The suspect in the shooting is Jared Lee  Loughner, a 22-year-old former community college student, according to  an Arizona law enforcement source and a U.S. law enforcement source. He railed against government "mind control" and  illiteracy in online missives and had "kind of a troubled past," said  Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik. He also had brushes with the law, the sheriff  said without elaborating. "We understand that there have been law  enforcement contacts with the individual where he made threats." Court  records indicate he had been arrested for possession of drug  paraphernalia in 2007, but the charge was dismissed. Loughner dropped out of high school in 2006,  after his junior year, said Tamara Crawley, a spokeswoman for the Marana  United School District in suburban Tucson. In 2008, he tried to enlist in the U.S. Army. The  Army rejected him, and privacy laws keep the military from disclosing  the reason, the service said in a statement to CNN. He enrolled at Aztec Middle College, a  partnership between Tucson schools and Pima Community College that helps  high school dropouts transition to community colleges, the community  college President Sylvia Lee told CNN. He took classes at the college from 2005 until  October 2010, but withdrew after five contacts with police "for  classroom and library disruptions" at two campuses between February and  September, the school said. Loughner was suspended after authorities found a  YouTube video in which he called the school "illegal according to the  U.S. Constitution, and makes other claims," a college statement said. He  quit during an October 4 meeting with his parents and school  administrators, and a follow-up letter warned that to return, he had to  present a doctor's note stating that "his presence at the College does  not present a danger to himself or others." On his YouTube page, a list of his favorite books included both  Adolf Hitler's "Mein Kampf" and Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels'"The  Communist Manifesto," along with works by George Orwell, Ray Bradbury,  Ken Kesey, Herman Hesse, Ernest Hemingway, Plato and Aesop's fables. "Good-bye friends," read a Saturday morning  posting on Loughner's MySpace page, just hours before the shooting.  "Dear friends ... Please don't be mad at me. The literacy rate is below  5%. I haven't talked to one person who is literate." A December 30 posting read, "Dear Reader ... I'm  searching. Today! With every concern, my shot is now ready for aim. The  hunt, a mighty thought of mine." Online, Loughner complained about the "second  Constitution," a term legal scholars sometimes use to describe the  post-Civil War amendments that ended slavery, extended the right to vote  and required equal protection under the law. Its meaning to Loughner  could not be clearly discerned. In an apparent reference to Giffords'  congressional district, he wrote in a December 15 video message on  YouTube: "The majority of people, who reside in District-8 are  illiterate - hilarious." In the same message he wrote: "If I define  terrorist then a terrorist is a person who employs terror or terrorism,  especially as a political weapon. I define terrorist."THE OTHER VICTIMS In addition to the 12 people wounded in the shooting, the following six were killed: John Roll, 63.  A native of Pennsylvania, Roll was a federal judge for the U.S.  District Court for the District of Arizona who had served the legal  system for nearly 40 years. He began his career as a bailiff in Pima  County Superior Court and rose to be chief judge for the District of  Arizona, a position he held since 2006.He received death threats two years ago after he ruled that a $32  million civil-rights lawsuit filed by illegal immigrants against a  rancher in the state could proceed. He had been assigned to hear the  ethnic studies ban case out of Tucson that involves a new law banning  certain ethnic studies programs in public schools, according to the lead  attorney on the case, Richard Martinez. Chief Justice of the United  States John Roberts called Roll's death a tragic loss. Christina Taylor Greene, 9. She was born on  September 11, 2001, according to CNN affiliate KVOA. Family members  described her as "excited" about the political process, andsaid the  desire to learn more about it had motivated her to go to the Gifford  event, the affiliate said. Christina had just been elected to the  student council at her school, the Arizona Republic reported. She died  at a hospital, and not at the scene like the other five. Gabe Zimmerman, 30. A Tucson native who was  engaged to be married, Zimmerman was the director of community outreach  for the congresswoman. Dorwin Stoddard, 76. Dory, as his family calls  him, was a retired construction worker, said Pastor Mike Nowak at Mount  Avenue Church of Christ in Tucson. Witnesses told CNN that Stoddard  tried to shield his wife, Mavy, was shot in the head and fell on her.  The wife was shot three times in her legs; the bullets were removed and  she is expected to make a full recovery. Dorothy Morris, 76 Phyllis Scheck, 79THE REACTION  Following the shootings, all legislation on the  House schedule for the coming week was postponed, House Majority Leader  Eric Cantor said. The decision was made by leaders of both parties and  means the House will not vote next week on the repeal of health care  reform. Although U.S. Capitol Police said there was no  evidence of a broader threat involving federal officials, it has advised  other members of Congress to take "reasonable and prudent precautions  regarding their personal safety and security." The House sergeant at  arms also said "it is essential" that lawmakers contact local police to  register their home and office addresses. Tucson Police Chief Roberto Villasenor said his  department had secured the homes and offices of some unnamed federal  officials as a "precautionary measure." Rep. Chellie Pingree, D-Maine, said an incident  like this could have a chilling effect on the frequent weekend listening  sessions that many members of Congress have with their constituents. In Tucson, supporters gathered outside the University Medical  Center, keeping vigil as family members waited with wounded loved ones  inside. On the other side of the country, dozens of marchers braved  subfreezing temperatures and gusty winds to gather on Capitol Hill for a  candlelight vigil Saturday night.QUOTES President Barack Obama: "We do not yet have all  the answers. What we do know is that such a senseless and terrible act  of violence has no place in a free society." Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer: "I am just heartbroken.  Gabby is more than just a colleague, she is my friend. She has always  been a noble public servant." John Roberts, chief justice of the U.S. Supreme  Court, on the death of one of the victims, Judge U.S. District Judge  John Roll: "Chief Judge Roll's death is a somber reminder of the  importance of the rule of law and the sacrifices of those who work to  secure it." U.S. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi:  "Congresswoman Giffords is a brilliant and courageous member of  Congress, bringing to Washington the views of a new generation of  national leaders. It is especially tragic that she was attacked as she  was meeting with her constituents whom she serves with such dedication  and distinction." House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio: "An attack on  one who serves is an attack on all who serve. Acts and threats of  violence against public officials have no place in our society." U.S. Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona: "I am horrified  by the violent attack on Representative Gabrielle Giffords and many  other innocent people by a wicked person who has no sense of justice or  compassion. ... Whoever did this, whatever their reason, they are a  disgrace to Arizona, this country and the human race, and they deserve  and will receive the contempt of all decent people and the strongest  punishment of the law." Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin: "There is no  place in our society or discourse for such senseless and unconscionable  acts of violence."THE RHETORIC  Officials have not stated a motive for the shooting. Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik used a  nationally televised press conference to condemn the tone of political  discourse in his state. He charged that public debate is now "vitriolic  rhetoric," which has rendered Arizona "the mecca for prejudice and  bigotry." Dupnik suggested that such rhetoric can have deadly  consequences. Last March, Giffords raised concerns about  inflammatory rhetoric after her office was vandalized, and she cited how  her name appeared on a website titled "Take back the 20" as part of a  list originally issued by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin in March 2010  against vulnerable House Democrats. The list,which named 20 House members who voted  for health care reform, showed crosshairs over the contested Democratic  districts. At the time, Giffords responded to the map by  saying on MSNBC that her long-serving colleagues had "never seen  anything like it." "The thing is, the way that she has it depicted has  the crosshairs of a gun sight over our district," Giffords said in  March. "When people do that, they've got to realize there's consequences  to that action." A day after Giffords voted in favor of health care reform, a glass panel at her Tucson office was shattered. At a town hall meeting, a gun fell out of a constituent's pocket. Giffords' press secretary, C.J. Karamargin, said he was unaware of any recent threats against Giffords.Post by: The CNN Wire Filed under: AbortionArizonaCourtsCrimeGabrielle GiffordsJusticeSecurityU.S. We recommendFrom around the websoundoff (710 Responses)Louis"I want the people of Minnesota to be armed and dangerous" Micheal Bauchman!! Incitement is a crime!!January 10, 2011 at 6:39 pm | Report abuse | Reply JessicaI read though a bunch of these responses and am shocked at the rhetoric deployed by many people. JLL is product of an American Society that places so much emphasis on judgement, desenitization to violence, and glorification of crime.  representative Giffords and judge Roll certainly are public servants and figures, but they too are people (just as the 4 other killed and 14 injured) killed by a person who seems to be a product of a society who pays little attention to those who need it most until it is too late.January 10, 2011 at 10:07 pm | Report abuse | JustinCNN is reporting that JLL is registered as 'independent'  as am I  my motivation is that I can vote in Republicans' primary votes (since that's the only voice a democrat usually has in AZ).  Otherwise, if you're registered to a particular party then you can only vote in that party's primary.January 10, 2011 at 6:40 pm | Report abuse | Reply JasonWell if you go to the AZ secretary of state site and search his voter registration this is what comes up.http://i.imgur.com/47MWM.jpgLast i checked i was able to read and it states Republican.January 10, 2011 at 7:21 pm | Report abuse | David CJason, I just went to the Arizona Secretary of State website to look up his voter registration info. How did you get all the particulars to enter in order to access his info? You would need to know his Voter Id or Drivers License Number or both, and his date of birth. How did you come across that info in order to access his records?January 10, 2011 at 7:48 pm | Report abuse | Sparky101Jason, MSNBC reports that the fake you are looking at even mispells his name.January 10, 2011 at 8:00 pm | Report abuse | Plato101A classmate of the man accused of shooting Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords this morning describes him as "left wing" and a "pot head" in a series of posts on Twitter this afternoonJanuary 10, 2011 at 8:40 pm | Report abuse | JohnAnother profile identified him as a Tea Party member - but it misspelled his name.  There were also images of a voter registration record claiming he was a Republican; but the record misspelled Tucson. In fact, he is a registered independent.January 10, 2011 at 9:23 pm | Report abuse | SteeleI've got an idea for him-Disembowelment and he's still alive after his guts are laid out before him and then he's hung to death with his own entrails. I'm just sayin...January 10, 2011 at 6:42 pm | Report abuse | Reply JimYou sound like a nice stable peace loving guy, just saying.  There hasn't been enough killing for you yet?  This most in this country will not learn the violence, anger and hate doesn't bring peace to the world or one self for that matterJanuary 10, 2011 at 7:34 pm | Report abuse | VintageHippieI don't understand why everyone is trying to make this a political issue.  It is a nut issue.  Some idiot simply wanting his moment of fame, which the press is glady providing.  In doing so, the press will provide the reason for the next nut case.And I don't think we should waste tax-payer money on a trail and appeals for this guy.  There are 30+ witnesses to his act.  Just put him down like you would a dangerous animal.  Now.....January 10, 2011 at 6:46 pm | Report abuse | Reply ParnellYou are 100% rightJanuary 10, 2011 at 7:12 pm | Report abuse | HamYou are 100% correct, Vintage - it's a nut issue.  The problem is that there ARE people with a political AGENDA that want to sway public opinion into restricting our rights even more than they are today!January 10, 2011 at 7:58 pm | Report abuse | LouisCome on!January 10, 2011 at 6:59 pm | Report abuse | Reply AnnObama  If They Bring a Knife to the Fight, We Bring a GunJanuary 10, 2011 at 7:09 pm | Report abuse | Reply MooseWhy is NO ONE talking about this connection????? Loughner went to a Bill Ayres sponsored high school. Gee I wonder why.....hmmmmmmmmmmmm......http://www.usmessageboard.com/conspiracy-theories/149918-obama-to-ayers-to-klonsky-to-loughner.htmlJanuary 10, 2011 at 7:20 pm | Report abuse | Reply bughmmm, very interesting.  the truth is hard to swallow for the (um) 'intellectual left.'January 10, 2011 at 10:17 pm | Report abuse | joyFrom outside america, I don't undertstand how owning a gun can be a fundamental right and so easy here. By giving a right to own gun, you are indirectly giving a right to harm people. Gun is the problem, take it out from people and only let police and military have it.January 10, 2011 at 7:32 pm | Report abuse | Reply CJJust like in Nazi Germany...January 10, 2011 at 8:02 pm | Report abuse | VintageHippieGreat idea !!  I wonder what they would do in Afghanistan and Iraq if we took away their guns? I'm sure that would probably stop the violence there.January 10, 2011 at 8:04 pm | Report abuse | jenhttp://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2008/jun/27/gun-control-in-most-countries-more-stringent-than-/January 10, 2011 at 8:13 pm | Report abuse | LibertyThe police only show up after the event has all ready happend, your first line of deffense is you. Remeber the home invasion that media cover, the police waited thirty minutes till they went in the house.January 10, 2011 at 9:17 pm | Report abuse | JaysunstarIf you read American history, you would understand. Canada has many more guns than we do an not nearly the same level of violence. It's not the gun. Amendment IIA well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.January 10, 2011 at 9:26 pm | Report abuse | jen@ Jaysunstar:  in Canada, handguns must be registered and potential buyers must undergo training, a personal-risk assessment and a criminal background check; supply two references; and have their spouses notified before purchase.January 10, 2011 at 9:52 pm | Report abuse | jenJLL would have never been permitted to get a gun in Canada. It's not the gun, it's the gun control.January 10, 2011 at 10:36 pm | Report abuse | JayseaI don't understand why everyone is trying to make this a political issue or a gun control issue.  It is more accurately a mental health issue.  In the final accounting I am willing to wager that this guy is suffering from a severe mental illness for which he never received treatment.  He probably never received treatment because the laws in this country provide more protection for the rights of the afflicted than it gives empowerment to those who KNOW there is a serious problem but then tie their hands in every effort they make to stop the individual.  We need to seriously exam the laws in this regard in order to ever be able to stop these monsters!January 10, 2011 at 7:41 pm | Report abuse | Reply David CThis is actually a spiritual issue. But no one will dare go near that territory.January 10, 2011 at 7:50 pm | Report abuse | StephenI am with you 100% on your estimation of the killer.  Mental illness is too little understood and under the heavy cloud of stigma in America.  I'd like to see some doctors' diagnosis of this fellow's condition for the court.January 10, 2011 at 8:44 pm | Report abuse | tfrensleyjan brewer is cutting mental health severly from her budget.   her son is in a hspital for the criminally insaneJanuary 10, 2011 at 9:02 pm | Report abuse | jen@ vintage hippe- i think people are making it a political issue because he targeted a politician at a political function.January 10, 2011 at 7:42 pm | Report abuse | Reply VintageHippieJen, it quite likely was a political issue to the extent that the nut case may have objected to some position which Rep. Gabrielle Giffords supported. PLUS, he figured it would get a lot of press to kill a public figure. I'm not sure exactly what Loughner's politics were, but from everything I've read he was certainly a bit LEFT of center.January 10, 2011 at 8:11 pm | Report abuse | HillaryAttempts to link this recent shooting to any political rhetoric is utterly irresponsible.  It reflects a level of paranoia and muddled thinking like that which leads to conspriracy theories.  If you can convince yourself that that preventing a politician from using a word like 'reload' would have saved the life of a nine year-old girl, you can convince yourself of anything and justify almost any oppression.  It is these alarmists, who are quick to create any fiction to try and link an atrocrity to their political opponents, that should concern us most.January 10, 2011 at 7:58 pm | Report abuse | Reply VintageHippieI would think that the only safe place with good, strict gun laws these days is Mexico. It is very difficult to buy a gun there.January 10, 2011 at 8:00 pm | Report abuse | Reply LibertyWhy dont you move their?January 10, 2011 at 9:25 pm | Report abuse | SarahI know what you talking about.  In Taiwan your gun is with the police.  If you want to go hunting, you go to the police station, take your gun, and then you report back with your gun and deposit with the police once more.  Taipei, with 6 million people, is one of the safest in the world - and it is because of the strict gun laws and access to guns.January 10, 2011 at 9:55 pm | Report abuse | LolGuns do NOT kill people. People kill people. A gun is a tool. Just like a hammer, a knife, a bow and arrow, etc. Keep that fact very clear. Also keep in mind that honest, law abiding citizens would be the people most affected by gun control or a gun ban. A criminal or someone with the intent to harm another is not going to give up their firearms.January 10, 2011 at 9:57 pm | Report abuse | Jimmy(Jim Brieske) "The Republicans have all the power. They have me." LOL Jimbo do really feel this way? Are you one of those European Immigrants that think your greater than somone else, becuz you came out of a P#%y in Detriot? wow you are a moron, Jim Brieske, I just looked up your last name and the meaning is "Coward"January 10, 2011 at 8:02 pm | Report abuse | Reply Helen WhiteSarah Palin, attaction  "Sara Palin said "Don't retreat, reload" she had a bullseye on this congressperson's picture on her website. Who can seriously argue that this is not criminal instigation?? Hearing the right-wingers say this massacre is not the Tea Party or conservatism is like hearing Muslims say 9/11 is not Islam. It turns my stomach.   AgreedJanuary 10, 2011 at 8:03 pm | Report abuse | Reply hockeymomH.W.-This guy (self-admittedly) enjoyed burning the flag and reading the Communist Manifesto, and he was an atheist.  Former classmates of his said he was liberal in his political views.  I don't know too many Tea Party members or conservatives who like to burn our flag, deny God exists, and support communism.  Plus, Giffords was a "Blue Dog" democrat, not some extreme liberal democrat like Nancy Pelosi.  If Loughner was some big right-winger, why would he go after someone who was more conservative?  As much as you hate to admit it, the bottom line is that this guy is just a plain nut job, with no evident political affiliation, and especially NOT to the Tea Party.  Furthermore, you cannot merely arrest someone for being "weird" which is all anyone knew for certain about this person.  Sadly and unfortunately, those who are mentally ill often have more rights than the general public, thanks to civil rights groups.  My husband works in law enforcement, and I work in the educational/psych field, so we know first hand how frustrating and dangerous these situations can be.January 10, 2011 at 9:09 pm | Report abuse | tfrensleylest we forget julius striecher of nazi germany.   he was only a newspaper editor who never personally killed a jew, pole, gypsy nor any one else with his own hand.  all he did was write editorials.   after nuremberg we straightened him out when we hanged him.  it was not him that killed, but it was only his editorials that murdered the masses.   we have people now who claim that had nothing to do with this violent atrocity.  it was only their words that caused it.January 10, 2011 at 9:17 pm | Report abuse | KarenI guess you can't comprehend what the news has been saying!!!January 11, 2011 at 12:28 am | Report abuse | RightonTheMoney[Weapons dont kill people, its the individual that kills people, Rand Paul, a Republican senator from Kentucky, said in the wake of the Tucson massacre.]GOD you Americans baffle me. In every sense of the word."Guns don't kill people, people kill people."A statement like that skews basic logic.Where did the fatal wound come from?Where did the bullet come from?Guns kill people.You shouldn't be able to buy them in the store.And don't be so surprised when stuff like this happens, or when you hear of how ANY gun violence. Around 4-5 million firearms are produced in the US every year.NO LAWS can stop those kind of production numbers.get a grip. stuff like this is going to keep happening every year as it has been for the past 20.January 10, 2011 at 8:03 pm | Report abuse | Reply VintageHippieAs I understand it you can't buy guns in a Mexican store, but Switzerland issues military grade arms to it's citizens.  Have you thought about possibly moving to Juarez where you would be safe?January 10, 2011 at 8:56 pm | Report abuse | jrMr Non-American...I live in a rural area of Virginia where 90% of the people own a gun. 90%!Guess what our crime rate is?0%.....period.You have to travel 30 min. to liberal Charlottesville, before the crime rate sky rockets.....Why is it that we have such a low crime rate?It is not becasue there is no wealth in our area, since Aklbemarle county has 3 official Billionares and one un-offical Billionaire. There is an enourmous amount of wealth in our county, 2nd richest in Va.Because Criminals KNOW everyone where I live owns a gun, so they dont bother coming here to committ crime. PERIOD!Liberal Politicians and "Journ0-LISTs" are so hypocritical against conservatives, trying to blame Sarah Palin or Rush Limbah for this :Nut Case" murder, tried to do the same thing when TImmothy McVee blew up the Fred Building.It did not work then and it is not working now.Sarah Palin, whom I do not support, must scare the sh_t out of you liberals, since you are trying so desperately to damage her at every turn. Personally, I think taking over Oparahs spot would do the most damage to liberals, even over getting elected President.Is it becasue she became successful without relying on government? Is it because she is pretty, the exact opposite of the avg. butch face of the Obama administration?You liberals are the most hypicritical clowns that have ever controlled the Democratic party.No wonder you are loosing mainstream Americans in droves!I bet CNN will not show this any of thier shows!jrJanuary 10, 2011 at 9:00 pm | Report abuse | MattWhich is why taking gun rights away from the american people would only put us in greater danger. There will always be guns, and the republican senator was correct; its the person that kills, not the bullet. The bullet wouldn't fire without the person. Guns are always going to exist, and even if they are made illegal in the US it won't prevent people from getting them and using them for harmful purposes.January 10, 2011 at 9:02 pm | Report abuse | LibertyPeople Have been killing people long before their were guns, and when they take away all the guns people will still be killing people, it is a human condition.January 10, 2011 at 9:27 pm | Report abuse | MikeJust a scenario so if any lawyers out there give me an opinion. I preach in front of a bunch of nut cases that my ex-wife is posioning the world, I hand out maps with crosshairs on it that show where she lives and works and tell the people that she needs to be taken out. to my surprise someone shoots her in the head. The question is am I in the clear? If so then this is the perfect murder.January 10, 2011 at 8:07 pm | Report abuse | Reply il attorneyIt's not the perfect crime.  Its just crime.  Most states criminalize enciting or encourageing violent acts, allowing the encourager to be held as if he did the act himself.  However, specific to your scenario, I suggest everything is defensible except the "and tell people she needs to be taken out".  That fact should be enough to convict.January 10, 2011 at 11:52 pm | Report abuse | Helen WhiteHey Joel Bigmouth, Ever seen Srah Palin's ('don't retreat-reload") map. Take some time to educate yourself on something other than faux news. Orally is just his name, not what you are hoping for. The baggers were a concoction of faux news for the uneducated among us. The sheeple will always follow a bombastic leader (see Hitler 1940's) Notice many similarities or are you too stupid to catch it,.You sir are a moron  Great point, I see Sarah as the famale Hitler she is extremely evil and violent, a vote for her is a vote for KKK Nazi.  She is American nightmare.January 10, 2011 at 8:09 pm | Report abuse | Reply MattWhat drugs have you been taking? She is extremely violent? She is a female Hitler?Actually she's a down to earth human being, that liberals, like yourself obviously, choose to bash for fear of your personal beliefs. I think it should be noted you might be basing your statement on race discrimination, as your statement sounded like a 'taught' english, as a second language, in other words. I've never heard her say anything that condones violence (shooting an animal isn't violent or cruel, unless you make it suffer, which she chooses not to), or anything that can be equated to the horrible Adolf Hitler. You, dear, need to see a psychologist, because your statements are clearly derived from extreme and unnecessary fear.January 10, 2011 at 8:46 pm | Report abuse | jr"the baggers were started by faux news"For the record, since you seem to be clueless to the facts, Rick Santelli, financial guy for CNBC, a divison of NBC, is credited with starting the Tea Party movement, when he asked President Obama, "Will it take another TEA PARTY event, like the one in 1774, before you Mr. President listen to the AMerican people?It may make you feel better about yourself to make the claims you do, but they have no basis in fact.Your precious Liberal agenda, pumped up by the Liberal media, that got Obama elected, is rapidly falling apart before your eyes. Bshing Sarah Palin and Rush Limbah only cements the Gallop poll groups conclusions that 15%of Democratshave mental health issues as compared to 8% of Republicans.Unlike you, I present facts to back up my argument.http://www.gallup.com/poll/102943/Republicans-Report-Much-Better-Mental-Health-Than-Others.aspx#1Gallop is not a right wing org.Could it be that since %15 of the Democrats have mental health issues and 21% of the Democratic party are identified as Far Left, could that mean that the majority of the Far Left Liverals have mental health issues?jrJanuary 10, 2011 at 9:20 pm | Report abuse | tfrensleyamenJanuary 10, 2011 at 9:20 pm | Report abuse | Donald in CAJohn McCain should bare some responsibility for inciting the crazies. He let the far right push palin on him and the rest is history. He went from a respected politician and war hero to a joke. Lets admit it, big business, limbaugh, beck seem to be running the country.January 10, 2011 at 8:19 pm | Report abuse | Reply TomWhen you appoint Liberal Socialist judges, tie the hands of the police, FBI, CIA and FEMA this is what you get. Beheadings in Arizona and elsewhere by illegals aloud to run back and forth across the border selling drugs and humans being ignored because the Liberal Socialist Democrats want their votes of their nationality is wrong. Mad Man Military officer goes on killing spree. The muslim killed more but yet the Liberal Socialist ignore it. All the signs were there but due to liberal socialist policies did not arrest him or even monitor him. Instead he is left to kill. Sound familiarJanuary 10, 2011 at 8:20 pm | Report abuse | Reply john la rue98% of the guns found in violent crimes in our neighbor to the south, Mexico come from the US.  Mental health isn't dealt with till it goes to crises stage in our country.  Ask mental health professionals you know they're doing their best in a broken system.  Put these two together, add crosshairs and lock and load and it adds up.  Lets work on these three problems.  Now back up north to our other neighbor.  Like Mexico they have tough gun laws and very few gun related deaths comparing similar-sized cities.in Canada and the US.  thank God we may not have the best healthcare system but especially now we are glad we have possibly the best emergency healthcare system in the World.January 10, 2011 at 8:21 pm | Report abuse | Reply The Left Should Bear ResponsibilityWhen you appoint Liberal Socialist judges, tie the hands of the police, FBI, CIA and FEMA this is what you get. Beheadings in Arizona and elsewhere by illegals aloud to run back and forth across the border selling drugs and humans being ignored because the Liberal Socialist Democrats want their votes of their nationality is wrong. Mad Man Military officer goes on killing spree. The muslim killed more but yet the Liberal Socialist ignore it. All the signs were there but due to liberal socialist policies did not arrest him or even monitor him. Instead he is left to kill. Sound familiarWhen you appoint Liberal Socialist judges, tie the hands of the police, FBI, CIA and FEMA this is what you get. Beheadings in Arizona and elsewhere by illegals aloud to run back and forth across the border selling drugs and humans being ignored because the Liberal Socialist Democrats want their votes of their nationality is wrong. Mad Man Military officer goes on killing spree. The muslim killed more but yet the Liberal Socialist ignore it. All the signs were there but due to liberal socialist policies did not arrest him or even monitor him. Instead he is left to kill. Sound familiarJanuary 10, 2011 at 8:22 pm | Report abuse | Reply Dr. A. CannaraUntil yesterday, without even knowing of her "crosshairs" website, the vast majority of Americans felt Palin unfit to be a presidential candidate.  Now, the rest of us may understand too.January 10, 2011 at 8:25 pm | Report abuse | Reply LouisAyres connection is absurd! You must be drinking the Beck and Rush cool aide, and you know what happens when you drink the cool aide!!! I was looking to see if beck would change his soon, but of course he had to take it up a notch. He also had the gull to defend Palin on his radio show. He is a sell out! I wonder how much money changes hand when they back each other.January 10, 2011 at 8:33 pm | Report abuse | Reply AwakeIt is just as plausible that this deranged individual was influenced by President Obama asserting that he has the right to assassinate citizens without any due process as he was by someone  like Palin using inflamatory language.January 10, 2011 at 8:38 pm | Report abuse | Reply LouisWhy must you continue to post the same statement the left should.. Are you working for the right? Are they paying you? Looser! I'm a dem but not as liberal as you stereo type me in that category. I carry a gun, and don't smoke pot! You see, I'm not far from were you stand. Policy shouldn't equal hate!January 10, 2011 at 8:43 pm | Report abuse | Reply LouisI can tell you that just as many dems smoke pot as rep! Pot doesn't mean that your a nut or liberal! I did a study on the subject, and that is a fact! Take CA out of the equation!!January 10, 2011 at 8:49 pm | Report abuse | Reply markI always laugh when people say "guns don't kill people, people kill people". Does the same logic apply to nuclear wepons?January 10, 2011 at 8:49 pm | Report abuse | Reply markSorry, I spelled weapons wrong.January 10, 2011 at 8:51 pm | Report abuse | KellyPEOPLE build nuclear weapons, If they didn't, they couldn't kill mass populations.....idiot.January 10, 2011 at 9:31 pm | Report abuse | LibertyYes, If that weapon was left olone it would cause no harm to any one, it is only when some one picks it un with ention to kill is it leathal. A gun does not have a will of its own.January 10, 2011 at 9:36 pm | Report abuse | markTo my NRA pals, even the one that has to call people names in a debate. Then why are you trying to get rid of the nukes that your country has? Every country should have them including the Axis of Evil.January 10, 2011 at 9:47 pm | Report abuse | jrI live in a rural area of Virginia where 90% of the people own a gun. 90%!Guess what our crime rate is?0%.....period.You have to travel 30 min. to liberal Charlottesville, before the crime rate sky rockets.....Why is it that we have such a low crime rate?It is not becasue there is no wealth in our area, since Aklbemarle county has 3 official Billionares and one un-offical Billionaire. There is an enourmous amount of wealth in our county, 2nd richest in Va.Because Criminals KNOW everyone where I live owns a gun, so they dont bother coming here to committ crime. PERIOD!Liberal Politicians and "Journ0-LISTs" are so hypocritical against conservatives, trying to blame Sarah Palin or Rush Limbah for this :Nut Case" murder, tried to do the same thing when TImmothy McVee blew up the Fred Building.It did not work then and it is not working now.Sarah Palin, whom I do not support, must scare the sh_t out of you liberals, since you are trying so desperately to damage her at every turn. Personally, I think taking over Oparahs spot would do the most damage to liberals, even over getting elected President.Is it becasue she became successful without relying on government? Is it because she is pretty, the exact opposite of the avg. butch face of the Obama administration?You liberals are the most hypicritical clowns that have ever controlled the Democratic party.No wonder you are loosing mainstream Americans in droves!I bet CNN will not show this any of thier shows!jrJanuary 10, 2011 at 9:48 pm | Report abuse | markIt's a damn shame that 9 year old left her gun at home that day.January 10, 2011 at 10:33 pm | Report abuse | Brian"Jason, MSNBC reports that the fake you are looking at even mispells his name."...He spelled his own name two different ways.January 10, 2011 at 8:54 pm | Report abuse | Reply Christopher DychaAnother example of what walks among us.  It is absolutely concerning the mindset and rationale that lurks under a typical and otherwise ordinary face that can blend in any crowd.    Further proof that we must remain ever vigilant in maintaining our guard.  The most absurd acts derive from the most common looking people.  God bless the families of all who had their lives forever changed by one man who should never of gotten this far in life or through "the system".  Christopher DychaJanuary 10, 2011 at 9:02 pm | Report abuse | Reply Rebecca Land SoodakUntil this country is educated about undiagnosed mental illness AND think-tanks study laws around assessment, hospitalization, & medication compliance-Tucson and Va Tech tragedies perpetrated by mentally ill young adults will continue. Blaming Palin, moments of silence and/or predicting liberal (or conservative) backlash are banal distractions to a complicated, misunderstood and vilified disease.January 10, 2011 at 9:05 pm | Report abuse | Reply DeIf the right wing wants the left to stop complaining about right wing violent rhetoric, I think it's only fair that in return the right stop saying things like "If only the bystanders were armed and had shot him!"  THERE WERE ARMED BYSTANDERS IN THE CROWD, guys.   Loughner was taken down by unarmed civilians tackling him and taking his gun away.  Because that's what happens in real life!   When you only have seconds to react, handguns are generally useless as defensive weapons without extensive training.  If you're so sincerely worried about being attacked that you want to carry a weapon around with you in public, take a freaking judo class or something.January 10, 2011 at 9:08 pm | Report abuse | Reply jenanyone else posting comments that won't show up? i can't find mine & i've posted it like 3 times ... which probably means it'll show up eventually & i'll be embarrassed for repeating myself over & over again.  oops.January 10, 2011 at 9:09 pm | Report abuse | Reply Jacquevery interesting that you were able to post a comment 3x.... when I responded w/ language somewhat similar to a previous post i recd a message from whoever is monitoring this site that "I had alreadyy said something similar"  I figure since I was criticizing CNN's coverage and inappropriate commentary against Rep. Gifford and unfounded support for Sara Palin, i guess they did not like it.  Very interesting!January 10, 2011 at 10:52 pm | Report abuse | NIckOk some people might not agree to this one OH WELL!! I feel bad for Gabrielle Giffords and her family.. But what about the family of the 9 year old girl that was killed? all the stories are about Giffords. I have only seen 1 about the child. Your more important than the next person if your a politician? I can guarantee that if it wasn't for Giffords there would of been no moment of silence.January 10, 2011 at 9:25 pm | Report abuse | Reply JaysunstarHas anyone made an Uncle Fester joke yet? The resemblance is uncanny.January 10, 2011 at 9:27 pm | Report abuse | Reply KellyDid you hear about the guy who shot his TV set because Bristol Palin was on Dancing With The Stars?....Ya, He MUST have been a Tea Partier......January 10, 2011 at 9:53 pm | Report abuse | Reply Jacquewhat a shame - most of you are missing the point - this is not just a nut issue, but a heigthened and inflammed rhetoric which resulted in a crazy taking unspeakable action.  Rep Gifford expressed on a number of occasions that she was being threatened, her office was vandalized, and routinely the tea party's  daily presence and vitriolic speech against her was not reported on a national level... except when she gave the interview w/Chuck Todd and Savannah Guthrie where she expressed serious concerns re Sara Palin's depiction of her district in gun crosshairs.  Additionallly Ms. Gifford's father, upon arrival to the hospital following the shooting was asked, Did your daughter have any enemies?  And the father responded, "Yes, the entire Tea Party."  So the media is working hard to separate, spin and split hairs where Sara Palin is concerned, but it is wholly unjust and disrespectful to this young, bright and rising star to have suffered in the way she did.  I will  never respect CNN as a legitimate and fair news source.  They are more concerned with how much of a story they can get out of the nonsense that leaps from Sara Palin's mouth.  Rep. Gifford is a Fulbright Scholar - Sara Palin never  completed anything!  But the media has just DUMMBED DOWN America with the constant reporting on someone who from an intellectual standpoint does not rise to the level of Ms. Gifford's ANKLES!  All of the incendiary language from CNN, republican right is and has been over the top.  CNN's failure to properly acknowlege this and to continue to parade Jessica Yellin, Drew ____ et al.  is an insult to the entire Gifford family and an extreme insult to the 9 year old and others injured.  And the majority of Americans would like a new media in this country... this one aint working.  The focus is always on elevating the negative!  What a disgrace you have become, especially in a country we call civilized democracy.  What does it speak to knowing that CNN's journalist were more concerned with CYA of Sara Palin, Sharon Angle, Bachman, Beck, Hannity et al to the detriment of a public servant, namely Rep. Gabrielle Gifford.  What a sad commentary and reality.January 10, 2011 at 9:55 pm | Report abuse | Reply LibertyWe must remember that it is a individual who did this, and no matter what he was involved in he is responsible for his actions. I do not make an excuse for my self, that i was told to do something, or i was pressured to act this way, and or I was influenced by anything, I am responsible for what I do and what I say, AND I ALONE BARE IT. I expect no one and nothing to take responsibility for what i do or say, I hold the same rule to this young man. This issue boils down to responsibility. He is responsible for this and him alone!January 10, 2011 at 9:55 pm | Report abuse | Reply jenI don't get why people keep calling Jared Lee Loughner a "leftist". Extreme left-wingers are anti-gun ... you can't b*itch about "leftists" wanting to take your guns away & then call the guy that just shot 11 people a "leftist". Make up your mind, people. Same goes for President Obama & Keith Olberman three days ago they were the p*ssies who wanted to take your 2nd amendment rights away & now you're saying they're worse than Sarah Palin. Meanwhile, Sarah is loved for her Yosemite Sam personna, going around saying stuff like "don't retreatRELOAD", shooting her little air pistols in the air, shooting real pistols at things, talking about guns, posing with guns, making maps of the US with crosshairs on Gabrielle Giffords name - this last one hits a little too close to home in my opinion even if it is a crazy coincidence, you'd have to be an idiot to not see what a stupid idea that map was. But go ahead, defend her & her pro-gun or DIE philosophy to the death. Just don't be too surprised when you really DO die the next time you go to Safeway.January 10, 2011 at 10:02 pm | Report abuse | Reply SocalBlah, blah, blah goes the prissy little girl.Aggrieved "minorities" - meaning everyone except white men - get to vent themselves guilt-free.January 10, 2011 at 10:12 pm | Report abuse | jenblah, blah, blah goes the whiny little socal. i'm sorry you don't get to whine guilt free. poor you.  blah blah, what a great response lolJanuary 10, 2011 at 10:33 pm | Report abuse | RakeNo connection yet made between someone else's words and Loughner's actions, and the not-so-latent totalitarians are already making their move.January 10, 2011 at 10:09 pm | Report abuse | Reply onlyslightlyamusedCongress should pass a law prohibiting any person in this country to call any other person any name other than their given name. Also, it should be against the law to label any person with names such as "right-wing" or "left wing" or liberal or conservative. Then maybe people could START to converse intelligently about the many issues that face our country.Seriously ... No one person or party or philosphy can be all Right or all Wrong. Can't we take the best of all ideas and leave the rest? There are good ideas from so called Republicans, Tea Partiers, Libertarians and Democrats. We need leaders who are committed to finding solutions. Not just continuing to sling mud to prolong the debate therby keeping them in office. Honestly, how many of us, if we interacted with people @ work the way some politicians interact with each other would still have a job?January 10, 2011 at 10:11 pm | Report abuse | Reply jr15% of Liberal Democrats have Mental Health issues. Could this be the reason that most of the LIberal view points have virtually NO LOGIC to them, or they resort to personal bashing and name calling of Conservatives because they are rapidly losing the debate and got thierprecious Liberal Agenda smahed on the ground in thelast election?Proofhttp://www.gallup.com/poll/102943/Republicans-Report-Much-Better-Mental-Health-Than-Others.aspx#1The Liberal agenda, pumped up by the Liberal media, that got Obama elected, is rapidly falling apart before thier eyes. Bashing Sarah Palin and Rush Limbah only cements the Gallop poll groups conclusions that 15%of Democratshave mental health issues as compared to 8% of Republicans.Here are the facts to back up my argument.http://www.gallup.com/poll/102943/Republicans-Report-Much-Better-Mental-Health-Than-Others.aspx#1Gallop is not a right wing org.Could it be that since %15 of the Democrats have mental health issues and 21% of the Democratic party are identified as Far Left, could that mean that the majority of the Far Left Liberals have mental health issues?Could this expalin the relentless bashing?January 10, 2011 at 10:20 pm | Report abuse | Reply justmeiniowaIf palin is so innocent and her caught in the crosshairs means nothing, why did she take it down right after the shooting?January 10, 2011 at 10:26 pm | Report abuse | Reply karenI really cant believe palin is actually blame 4 an unfortunate incident...as opposed 2 obama...yes.. the world is coming 2 an end...because white americans blame him 4 everything...January 10, 2011 at 10:33 pm | Report abuse | Reply Anthony PoshepnyHavent you people learned by now? The CIA/GOP/TEA isnt responsible for anything.  They are just conveniently near by when the wars start, the economy tanks, the banks steal using mortgages, and the banks steal using mortgages (Did you forget the SNL first time? You voted GOP again?), Iran contra, Watergate, Kennedy assassination, Tucson mass murder, etc   It is all just one big coincidence it has nothing to do with greed or money or the CIA or the GOP.  These are all just independent acts.January 10, 2011 at 10:49 pm | Report abuse | Reply taz.January 10, 2011 at 10:58 pm | Report abuse | Reply neshaMy Prays are for the families that lose and are grieving over the wounded people. Guns are not toys they are not for killing because your upset with someone, or because your a coward and dont what to get your hands dirty. A real man would express their mind not with a gun but with words. People are saying it came from news reports radio or talking heads if they know they were saying something that was intended to make someone up set with the other said u need to ask what are u doing. saying something to be running your mouth or to make a uproar. God please have mercy on the fool and children. AmenJanuary 10, 2011 at 11:00 pm | Report abuse | Reply leeintulsaThere's nothing that can be done about this.More gun control? He wanted to kill someone. Would you rather he stole the gun?  Used a sword? A backpack full of TNT?Someone said something?  Must we all really do background checks on everyone within earshot before we practice our right to free speech?History clearly shows, and not just here in the US, that wanting a political, or even just celebrity, lifestyle carries with it certain risks. I'm sure Congresswomen Giffords and the Judge would both do it all over again.Probably the only real victim here was little Miss Green.  Chances are, they hadn't covered assassination in her elementary school yet. Which reminds me of an earlier post  someone was lamenting the fact that her story isn't gone over and over like Ms. Giffords'. Simply put, her story is over. The Congresswoman is still alive  her story continues to be written.The only thing I can think of that might curtail *some* of this sort of thing is to not give these psychos the notoriety they want. Do we really need to know their full name, their picture, their life story? We should just say, "The random psycho was quickly apprehended and stuffed in a box."January 10, 2011 at 11:16 pm | Report abuse | Reply JackStop scrutinising the rhetoric and start scrutinising gun law! How is it that an obviously unstable character like this was able to walk into a shop and purchase a weapon specifically designed to kill human beings? Designed to kill them in exactly the way he did. Who is the type of gun marketed at anyway?January 10, 2011 at 11:20 pm | Report abuse | Reply Jack.PStop scrutinising the rhetoric and start scrutinising gun law! How is it that an obviously unstable character like this was able to walk into a shop and purchase a weapon specifically designed to kill human beings? Designed to kill them in exactly the way he did. Who is the type of gun marketed at anyway?!January 10, 2011 at 11:21 pm | Report abuse | Reply Jack.PYou need to stop scrutinising the rhetoric and start scrutinising gun law! How is it that an obviously unstable character like this was able to walk into a shop and purchase a weapon specifically designed to kill human beings? Designed to kill them in exactly the way he did. Who is the type of gun marketed at anyway?January 10, 2011 at 11:24 pm | Report abuse | Reply MariaIf ver sad thar we are only discussing politics why we are not discussing humanity can we check were these guy was lost o what happen that make him snap and not to be able to respect ther people opinions or to learn to participate in our world and instead we get these person with all this anger capable of killing some one without thinking the pain that he was causing . And the only thing we engage is in discussing left or right can we teach these generation that you dont solve problems with violence because violence brings more violence. Stop blaming left or right and star trhinking what is going on in our society that people are only thinking on acting on violence lets star caring for every child in this country so we dont get these kind or any kind of violence but first we the adult has to show respect for others and  participate in an ordely manner in the political process and discuss with respect and stop the blaming game. At the end we are all Americans and we need to think how we make America and Americans succed and that by teaching love and give love to our kids and star by been more involved in what is going on with the american youth and making every parent responsible on taking care of their kids and stop telling that marihuana use is Ok is not Ok a nations can not survive on having their citizens smoking marihuana and specting for them to have any kind of respect for human life . Everything that happen was unnecesarry and we need to continue making United States a great place to leave . The political situation is very ugly and everything that happen we are blaming on D  o R that is not necessary you can be either and respect the other person and leave and a great country and all of us need to make these place a better place.......Too sad ..........January 10, 2011 at 11:26 pm | Report abuse | Reply markLet's hope there's no copy-cats out there!January 10, 2011 at 11:33 pm | Report abuse | Reply George RLiberals believe in freedom of speech only up until the point where you differ with them.  At that point, their self-assumed, self-righteous intellectual elitist nature truly reveals itself.  They become totally incredulous that someone has the audacity to challenge their obviously superior intellect and, naturally, singularly correct point of view.They act as though they are tasked with guiding the lives of other people who do not think like them, because, after all, those others are incapable of thinking correctly.A liberal always brings a pre-conceived notion to a forum.  I did not use the term discussion because they do not have them.  All forums are used as an opportunity for them solely to put forth their point of view.They hate Republicans, Palin, Beck and any others who counter their outlook.  They absurdly spin into dialogue a causal relationship where none exists, justified, in their minds eye, by the superiority of point of view that they alone hold.There is no better example of this, and the unjustified promotion of hate and vitriol than what you find in the liberal opinions put forth in response to this tragedy.It is disgusting.The liberals have no credence.  At most, they pay lip service to the notion of civil discourse and actual discussion.  They will never be part of a genuine solution that involves compromise because it would require them to loosen their grasp on their fervent belief in being superior.  If they seem to participate in discussion they will only do so in a begrudging manner and will actually have reverted to a condescending posture.It is what they do.Now, for those of you on the right.  Most often, on a given topic, yours is the correct point of view.  However, you blow it.  You end up serving as cannon fodder to the liberals.  You cannot articulate.  You clutter and stumble through attempts to make your case.  You are as guilty as the left of failing to have earnest discussions.It is embarrassing.Fox News does have a more balanced itinerary of news items to present than CNN or MSNBC, but they fail miserably in the actual presentation.  There isnt any greater example of commentators cutting off their guests than on Fox News.  That is a tactic used by someone who is not prepared to discuss; one who looks like they are dealing from a weak hand or that hasnt done their homework.  What they are doing is also turning a chance for dialogue into only a forum for their point of view.Fox News loses.  They undermine their own credibility.  They can do better than that.  Quit gifting the liberals.  They will, and do, eat your lunch.If you want access to real news without the commercial clutter and the shallow dependency on sound byte reporting, listen to NPR or watch the News Hour on PBS in the evening.  The crux of the matter is in the stories that they report.Try being objective for a change.  Take a good look at the content of what is written in these blogs in response to this tragedy.  Take a good look at the content of many blogs on a variety of topics on many days.Much of it is both disgusting and embarrassing, collectively, from both liberal and conservative points of view.  Americans can do better than that.January 10, 2011 at 11:44 pm | Report abuse | Reply Nikolain a country where you can buy grocery and guns in the same store, this type of stuff will continue to happen.January 11, 2011 at 12:08 am | Report abuse | Reply Big SkyFortunately, I am too busy a person to spend any time reading the political BS that is being posted on this site, nor do I have any inclination to read or listen to CNN's professional opinions as they disect the reason for this atrocity.  It was, very simply, a sick SOB with demented ideas seeking the attention that everyone has granted him.  Way to go, give him what he wants, as you babble on about what side of the line he walks.  How frickin' rediculous.  AND, it is appauling to see CNN put his smug, demented face on thier front page.It's pathetic to see, and even less desireable to be apart of.  I'm removing CNN from my home page!!!!!January 11, 2011 at 12:16 am | Report abuse | Reply thimblefootTea Party and the like,Good luck trying to deny that all of the hate speech and gun sight targets on Palin's website had nothing to do with the assassination attempt on U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords. After this, your major campaign funding source, big business, is going to leave you behind. They were only using you for fear tactics and votes to ensure that they would get their tax cuts for the super wealthy.Big business spread lies to deceive you about health care, taxes, and immigration. Now that they got their 2010 election, their money and after the tragedy yesterday, they will not care about you or fund future Tea Party campaigns because the Tea Party will not be electable. Independents will run away from this.This assassination attempt will change the way big business treats you regardless of the fact that most of the Tea Party is law abiding citizens. Because there seems to be ties between the hate speech from Tea Party leaders (Palin, Limbaugh, Beck) and this mass murder, big business will take their tax cut winnings from the 2010 election and disassociate themselves from the Tea Party moving forward.The Republican party is still controlled by big business and is all about making their own money at the expense of everyone else.  Since you can no longer help with electing big business government officials that make the rich richer and the poor poorer, you will no longer be used as pawns in their game.  Without big business funding you will vanish into obscurity.January 11, 2011 at 12:37 am | Report abuse | Reply John Galt1Definitely Arizona will be the battleground state for the next two years when it comes to Immigration Reform.  So here we go again Far Left and Far Right.  In order to understand the population of Arizona a little bit better here are some facts.Source:  The U.S. Census BureauPopulation, % change, April 1 2000 to 1 July 2009Arizona = 28.6   [This is significant. The growth rate of Arizona compared to the US 9.1 % for the same period, is huge. This tells us there has been an influx of of people from outside the State into Arizona. When you have such a rapid growth rate, it puts strains on almost all public and quasi-public sectors to keep pace with the growing population and changes in demographics.]USA = 9.1Language other than English spoken at home % 2000Arizona = 25.9 [This is not unexpected. With a large hispanic population, 30.8 % in 2009 compared to 15.8 % nation-wide, it is understandable that other than English, Spanish is the home language spoken by almost all others.]USA = 17.9Ethnic Breakout:White persons not Hispanic % 2009Arizona = 57.3  [The % of white persons not hispanic, are less than the national average of 65.1%. Again, this is understandable given the geographic proximity to the hispanic border country of Mexico and Central America and the history of hispanics living in Arizona long before it became a state.]USA = 65.1Persons of Hispanic or Latino origin % 2009Arizona = 30.8  [The %  of hispanic or latino origin is high compared to the US as a whole but lower than it's closest border states. For example, in 2009, Texas was 36.9 %, New Mexico 45.6% and California 37%. Swing further east,  Louisiana was 3.6%, Mississippi 2.5%, Alabama 3.2%, but in Florida it goes back up to 21.5%. Several other states have comparable % population of hispanics such as California, Nevada and Colorado.USA = 15.8American Indian and Alaska Native persons, % 2009Arizona = 4.9 [ Not much is said about this population but it is significant compare to its US population. Only Alaska 14.2%, New Mexico 9.7%, Oklahoma 8% and Montana 6.4% have a higher population percentage than Arizona.]USA = 1.0Black persons, % 2009Arizona = 4.4 [The percentage of Black persons in Arizona is far less than that of the US. New Mexico has only 3.1%, California 6.6% and Texas 12%. As you swing east, Louisiana has 32.1%, Mississippi 37.2%, Alabama 26.3% and Florida 16.1%.]USA = 12.9, Asian persons, % 2009Arizona = 2.6USA = 4.6Persons reporting two or more racesArizona = 1.8USA = 1.9Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, % 2009Arizona = 0.2USA = 0.2January 11, 2011 at 12:42 am | Report abuse | Reply JackBLAH...BLAH...BLAH....BLAH....Did I hear someone speaking...blah...blah...sound like a sheep or an A55!January 10, 2011 at 10:10 am | Report abuse | Reply Ancient TexanI'm sure there are just as many quotes attributed to Democrats that  later regretted making stupid statements as the ones you posted. But who cares? This nut needed no inspiration from anyone; he lived in his own sick world.January 10, 2011 at 10:21 am | Report abuse | Reply TonyI know, you Faux News viewers are "sure" of everything that is convenient. You only have opinions, no facts. Show me one, JUST ONE gun or violence glorifying speech from a Democrat or Liberal?January 10, 2011 at 10:26 am | Report abuse | Reply GaryOld Tex,If your so sure that you can match Tony's list of Republican stupidity(oxymoron) with Democratic quotes then get your old ass busy & prove that you can. I personally doubt it because we have recently seen the brilliance that eminates from Texas.January 10, 2011 at 10:55 am | Report abuse | Reply NOLOVEThanks Tony! Keep educating the people. Its NOT the right wingers "fault" but their violent rhetoric and end of time rhetoric leads to this. Amen to the sherrif WHO ACTUALLY LIVES THEIR AND SEES IT. All those criticisng havnt seen how hateful the tea party is in Arizona! Good work Tony.P.S. If their are SOOO many example from the left, prove it. Tony did. Why cant you?January 10, 2011 at 10:59 am | Report abuse | Reply KelliThanks for pointing this out repeatedly.  Keep doing it!  They need to have their own words thrown back at them as they try to make this guy seem like nothing more than a "crazy" person.  It's so ridiculous for them to suggest that he is a left-winger.  He is probably crazy.  McVeigh was crazy too when he reacted to the hatred of the government that these RIGHT-wingers always like to push so hard in the radio and TV media and on the internet. They incite these maniacs and then they just can't own it when their over the top rhetoric actually materializes. McVeigh managed to kill several children in the DAY CARE CENTER that was located in that building in Oklahoma and THAT wasn't enough for Coulter?!  How easy it is for them to kill innocent children.  If they hate our government so much, why don't they just leave?  There are plenty of places on Earth that don't have very strong, stable governments.  Of course those places don't have reliable electricity, clean water, or enough food either but at least they would be "free" of the supposed government tyranny they create in their own imaginations.January 10, 2011 at 11:09 am | Report abuse | Reply John Galt1Tony, you sound like a "Political Information Officer" for the left.  Why do you keep repeating the same stuff.  For every quote you put on this blog, there are more vitriol quotes from our President, many of which were placed on this same blog story yesterday.  You really don't get it.  Don't you see, by the comments you make, it just fuels the other side to make more inflammatory comments.  It's becomes a vicious cycle just like the Israelis and Palestinians.  This leaves no room for respectful dialog and compromise.  Both sides are equally to blame.  No one side owns the "bully pulpit".  But let's get our facts straight here regarding this mentally disturbed person.FACT:  He has been a loner all his life.FACT:  The police found a letter in a safe in his home.  The letter was from the Congresswoman thanking him for his support.FACT: He has been identified with progressive democratic issues for a long time and has particpated in democratic rallies.FACT: He has had trouble with authorities on many occasions to include drug issues.FACT: After thoroughly reviewing all that he has placed on the Internet including U-Tube, etc, he possesses a false sense of superiority with a chip on his shoulders.FACT: He tried to join the military but was rejected because of a failed drug test.FACT: He was recently suspended from a local junior college because of behavioral issues.FACT: The junior college sent him a letter indicating that he would be reinstated if he brought a letter from a doctor acknowledging he would not be a threat to himself or others.He was not part of the Tea Party, on the contrary his political belief system was somewhat weird but those who knew him associated him with the far left.  The investigation with bear this out.Those that are trying to make political capital over this issue need to take a step back, breath and try and become truth seekers instead of "political filters" for their own brand of what America should be.January 10, 2011 at 11:11 am | Report abuse | Reply GPSI said this Saturday, Sunday, and I'll repeat it today, all you freaks who are blaming Sarah Palin, Glenn Beck, and or Conservative TV and Radio, are as deranged in your thought processes and dangerous sounding as Jared Loughner! Forget the facts that are beginning to come out that this kid's parents are just as strange as their kid, and the environment that he was raised in most likely influenced him to take the actions he did! There has been no proof showing this kid listened to "Right Winged" hate radio or TV, or that he even was a Sarah Palin supporter! In fact in one of his videos on youtube, he burns an American flag! That kind of thing is more along the lines of what a Left Wing nut would do! Maybe some of you people here knew him or socialized with him! He seems to fit in more with you Lefties!!!January 10, 2011 at 11:12 am | Report abuse | Reply TonyJohn Galt1, all your facts are right wing spin and awkward back pedaling. Your arguments are laughable. The shooter killed a DEMOCRAT, he's been attending her 2007 rally because we planned to do what he did. You seem to have a thousand excuses for this killer who was motivated by 24/7 hate vitriol from the right wing media. Please do us a favor and quit making a fool of yourself and others like you. It would be funny if it weren't so sad.January 10, 2011 at 11:15 am | Report abuse | Reply Punkass@ jack lol.....you rock homie.....humor is the face of Tony's truculance.January 10, 2011 at 12:12 pm | Report abuse | Reply Bob Smith@Tony: "Show me one, JUST ONE gun or violence glorifying speech from a Democrat or Liberal?"Here's one  the White House saying that they'll "keep their boot on the throat of BP."http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2010/05/bp_will_feel_either_boot_on_th.htmlOr Obama saying that Republicans have to sit in the back of the bus:http://www.beaufortobserver.net/Articles-c-2010-10-25-248266.112112-Obama-relegates-Republicans-to-the-back-of-the-bus.htmlOr Obama saying to "punish their enemies:"http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/washington/2010/10/transcript-of-president-barack-obama-with-univision.htmlYou only asked for one, but I gave ya three.Both sides do it.  Don't stick your head in the sand and pretend it doesn't happen.January 10, 2011 at 12:59 pm | Report abuse | Reply alumetteyour opinion only.January 10, 2011 at 12:57 pm | Report abuse | Reply JasonFunny he is registered as a republicanhttp://i.imgur.com/47MWM.jpgJanuary 10, 2011 at 7:32 pm | Report abuse | Reply Joel WeymouthTony, you need to take your meds or at least put your tinfoill hat back on.January 10, 2011 at 12:57 pm | Report abuse | Reply Joel WeymouthI would think his motivation would have been on his Youtube, and there is nothing mentioned there left or right. Freud says: sometimes a cigar is just a cigar"  ask your therapist  he could help you with this.January 10, 2011 at 1:00 pm | Report abuse | Reply Jack@Tony, Casse-toi alors pauvre con va!January 10, 2011 at 1:09 pm | Report abuse | Reply Joel WeymouthTony  the shooter didn't kill Giffords-get your facts straight.  He did kille a Conservative Republican Judge.  If I was as paranoid as you  I would blame Obama or Pelosi or someone in the Democratic Party.  Because now they get to appoint a Liberal to that position and they got rid of a blue dog democrat that was a foe to Pelosi.  That is one possibility.... NOTor it could be that a sick deluded drug addicted liberal kid snapped and went on a rampage. I think the technical term for your condition Tony is  you are a nut.January 10, 2011 at 1:09 pm | Report abuse | Reply John Galt1Tony,I can just see you watching Keith Olberman and shaking your head in agreement with everything he says. If you want to sit down at the poker table, then get your chips ready. I dare you to take any Keith Olbermann program and compare the entire content with any program of Bill Riley's that you choose.  Then let's let 9 unbiased citizens (jurors) rate the level of vitriol coming from the mouths of these two men. It would be no contest. Tony, you don't seem to get it. We are a center right country. Always have been and always will be.  Yes, the pendulum swings to the left and then back to the right, but by the end of a 4 year presidential term it is back to right of center. The voting public makes sure that no single ideology takes over. In a sense, it is a great check and balance against the extremes of each party. That is exactly what the mid-term elections proved. It proved there is little sentiment for the far left and big government policies. Yes, the economy played a part of it, but the major swing back by independents,moderate democats and moderate republicans was significant.  Here is just one fact coming out of those elections. 24% of those who voted were seniors. You know seniors are pretty consistent in going to the polls. In the past, democrats garnered around 60% of their vote.  However, these mid-term elections showed they voted around 60% for republicans.  Why the great shift.  It centered on 2 issues. The first was the enactment of health care reform. They were afraid their premiums would still go up and most are on fixed incomes with Social Security, etc. The second primary reason was they thought the democrats moved too far to the left and focused their attention primarily on the President for this move.  Now here is another fact.  Tony, I don't know what state you reside, but if it is California and you are a member of Blue Shield, one of the largest health insurers in the state, you are in for a great surprise.  The cost of your health premium is going up 59% beginning 1 March of this year and the California Insurance Commissioner does not have the statutory authority to stop this increase.  Yes health care reform is really taking care of us isn't it.January 10, 2011 at 8:54 pm | Report abuse | Reply JacqueWell said... Luntz talking points ... they've learned to commit to rote memorization...what a bunch of stupidos!January 10, 2011 at 11:09 pm | Report abuse | Reply JacqueVery well said!January 10, 2011 at 11:10 pm | Report abuse | Reply onepoetatolawyerObama said "If they bring a knife, we bring a gun."January 10, 2011 at 1:15 pm | Report abuse | Reply Sparky101Hi Tony, if you want a quick answer you've already had that.  If you want proof, please go to http://michellemalkin.com/2011/01/10/the-progressive-climate-of-hate-an-illustrated-primer-2000-2010/ for an encapsulation of many such threats, etc. by Democrats and those on the left.  I think you will see how hate filled they are.  However, even these are probably not things that influenced the shooter, just things to educate you about those you are protecting without a basis.January 10, 2011 at 1:19 pm | Report abuse | Reply Joel Weymouth"Get in their face"  Barack Obama"they Bring a knife- we bring a gun"  Barack Obama"they are enemies" Barack Obama"she is dead to us- (referring to Giffords  posted January 6, 2011)  Daily KosJanuary 10, 2011 at 1:35 pm | Report abuse | Reply uisignorantI have considerable respect for non-violence, but I dont treat it as inevitably a necessary rule. The reason I have respect for non-violence, is I think it helps to protect the protesters.Unless you have good reason for breaking the window, probably you shouldnt do that. Unless its you know, a big part of your strategy.~Frances Fox PivenJanuary 10, 2011 at 3:15 pm | Report abuse | Reply RoboHispanic irredentists - safe to say most are Dems - routinely call for the ethnic cleansing of whites from America.You don't have to take my word. Google it yourself.January 10, 2011 at 10:14 pm | Report abuse | Reply jrHow about the statemnt Obama made "If they bring a knife, we will bring a gun".Did you forget about that one?January 10, 2011 at 10:26 pm | Report abuse | Reply GaryHey Joel Bigmouth,  Ever seen Srah Palin's ('don't retreat-reload") map. Take some time to educate yourself on something other than faux news. Orally is just his name, not what you are hoping for. The baggers were a concoction of faux news for the uneducated among us. The sheeple will always follow a bombastic leader (see Hitler 1940's) Notice many similarities or are you too stupid to catch it,.You sir are a moronJanuary 10, 2011 at 1:27 pm | Report abuse | Reply palintwit...So ?January 10, 2011 at 1:29 pm | Report abuse | Reply kanerahtenhawiholly!?thats harshJanuary 10, 2011 at 2:11 pm | Report abuse | Reply GaryCome on, A man named Sparky(really), Michelle Malkin better stay out of Arizona or prune face Brewer will send her back to Mexico for having a darker complexion and looking too much like a Mexican. "She don't look like one of us"January 10, 2011 at 1:37 pm | Report abuse | Reply David CYou're delusional. Hateful rhetoric from the right? Have you listened to Keith Olbermann lately? Get a clue!January 10, 2011 at 4:44 pm | Report abuse | Reply Sparky101Here are two that you can try out: http://www.theblaze.com/stories/video-flashback-some-of-the-lefts-angry-rhetoric/ and http://www.theblaze.com/stories/video-flashback-some-of-the-lefts-angry-rhetoric/.  I recognize these may come from a source you hate, but they are primarily videos and photos, very little text.  Please bite your tongue long enough to take a look.  Tony wouldn't, but he is already convinced of his legend status.January 10, 2011 at 8:09 pm | Report abuse | Reply David CFinally! A rational voice! Thanks, John! Here is some info I've been posting directly from one of his best friends in high school and college. Anyone who wants to verify the text can look up the girl named below on Twitter to view her own words:Here are some tweets collected from Twitter regarding WHO the shooter is and his background. This girl has been interviewed by Good Morning America and other media outlets. Her story is legit. So here are some direct quotes from Caitie Parker on Twitter who went to high school, college and was in a rock band with Jared Loughner:-  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - -"I went to high school, college, & was in a band with the gunman. This tragedy has just turned to horrific.""As I knew him he was left wing, quite liberal. & oddly obsessed with the 2012 prophecy.""He was a political radical & met Giffords once before in '07, asked her a question & he told me she was "stupid & unintelligent'""he was a pot head & into rock like Hendrix,The Doors, Anti-Flag. I haven't seen him in person since '07 in a sign language class""we listened to political punk in high school & agreed with their leftist opinions for the most part Anti-Flag was our band.""well for the Bush/Kerry election we all wore "1 term president" buttons. That election was HUGE to us.""I'm merely stating how I remembered an old friend as he was when I saw him last, 3 years ago. I've make that clear.""The guy I knew 3 years ago isn't the evil he became today.""I haven't seen him in 3 years, but the guy I knew was a polar opposite of the evil he became today.""I never said anything about him being a Tea Partier, check your facts."-  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -I would find it hard to believe that such a committed and radical Leftist would swing 180 degrees to become a Tea Partier and/or a Sarah Palin follower in only 3 years. As an aside, Jared Loughner is an admitted atheist and lists The Communist Manifesto and Mein Kampf among his favorite books. Not exactly Tea Party material.January 10, 2011 at 5:00 pm | Report abuse | Reply Jasonhttp://i.imgur.com/47MWM.jpgJanuary 10, 2011 at 7:16 pm | Report abuse | Reply TheVictorOne person was reported to claim she understood his politics.  I would not hold out this one person as evidence of much.  Wait to see what he says ... only then will we know.January 10, 2011 at 8:57 pm | Report abuse | Reply KellyYou forgot to mention that a tea partier would not have the communist manifesto on his/her Myspace page as this lunatic did.January 10, 2011 at 9:39 pm | Report abuse | Reply Anthony PoshepnyI totally believe a stoned pacifist lefty could totally be the kind of person to do this.  It makes complete sense.January 10, 2011 at 10:56 pm | Report abuse | Reply JacqueWhen was your last meeting with Frank Luntz...you have the republican talking points down pretty well.January 10, 2011 at 11:14 pm | Report abuse | Reply Sparky101Yours is an example of the hate filled speech being discussed tonight.  Thanks for your great example.January 10, 2011 at 6:07 pm | Report abuse | Reply AndruYeah you'd have to be somewhat open minded to have the communist manifesto book in your collection. Obviously tea party folks would rather just listen to gov tell them what a communist thinks rather than find out for yourself. I have lots of fav books one is the King James Bible and I'm atheist. Ones preference in books is not an indication of their beliefs. If you judge books on whether you agree with them or not then you're just looking for affirmation. If you're like me and you actually judge a book AS A BOOK then It's not unusual to enjoy books even if you don't agree with the premise of the book. There are books I hate but agree with the content.Literature can be evaluated  on it's own contrary to your belief of the opinion in it. if it's non-fiction.January 10, 2011 at 6:25 pm | Report abuse | Reply GaryManifesto, Mein Kampf & bible  3 fiction novels   Really don't see much difference   tomato=tomahtoJanuary 10, 2011 at 7:07 pm | Report abuse | Reply markThank God he didn't list Mad Magazine as one of his books, We would be blaming Alfred E. Nueman for this. Nobody knows what was going on in this guys head including him. It is quite pathetic to see the supporters of both sides trying to put the blame on the otherJanuary 10, 2011 at 9:04 pm | Report abuse | Reply DePeople with severe mental issues tend to be attracted to political extremes, and are not easily pigeonholed into coherent political philosophies, because, well... people with severe mental issues tend not to be coherent.  From what we know about Loughner so far, neither the Left or the Right "own" him.January 10, 2011 at 9:14 pm | Report abuse | Reply NorCalMojoThe guy had been referred to authorities time and time again.  They ignored it.  I'm not sure how it works in Arizona, but in California, it's the Sherrff that approves gun licenses.  Trying to blame the media is a weak attempt to deflect the blame.  That sheriff needs to spend less time trying to turn tragedy into political gain and more time doing his damn job.January 10, 2011 at 7:21 pm | Report abuse | Reply HamAligning the Bible next to Communists and National Socialists is a hateful thing to say.  Have you no decency?January 10, 2011 at 8:50 pm | Report abuse | Reply jrHow about Obama's statement "If they bring a knife, we will bring a gun".Sounds like violence to me.January 10, 2011 at 10:02 pm | Report abuse | Reply JacqueThere you go repeating something someone else said "out of context."  Where is the specific threat to anyone.  Sara Palin, Sharon Angle, Michelle Bachman et.al have uttered this inflammed and incendiary rhetoric since Obama was elected.  Why? Because if you have an attactive WHITE WOMEN criticizing the President and Democratic Congressman that somehow the optics of them being women would give them a pass to say anything negative.  I predict that Sara Palin's non-career in politics is OVER..  Yoo- Hoo!January 10, 2011 at 10:19 pm | Report abuse | Reply JacqueThank you for uttering intelligence.  I have difficulty comprehending why CNN has concluded today that because of what was found on the website and in the safe of Jared Loughner that they (CNN) can then conclude certainties about him.  Ludicrous.  It is obvious to me as well as majority Americans that if he has refused to expain his actions that he's not so much a nut, but rather clever.  And who is  to say that the writings and the books, etc.  were not intentionally planted to obtain just the effect that the media is so quick to assume!January 10, 2011 at 10:33 pm | Report abuse | Reply jrSarah Palin must scare the Sh_t out of you Liberals! You have attacked her more than any other politician in history.Is it because she threatens your "Womens Lib movement" and need for government programs for women to get ahead?Is it because she became successful without government help?Is it because she is pretty, the exact opposite of the avg. BUTCH face of the female Obama members or the average Democratic butch ?I think the image of a totally self made, self sufficient woman, scares the crap out of NOW and the rst of the LIberal loonies.Personally, I think she would do far more to smash your liberal agenda by taking Oprahs place, then she would by beoming President!Your precious Liberal agenda, pumped up by the Liberal media, that got Obama elected, is rapidly falling apart before your eyes. aBshing Sarah Palin and Rush Limbah only cements the Gallop poll groups conclusions that 15%of Democratshave mental health issues.Unlike you, I present facts to back up my argument.http://www.gallup.com/poll/102943/Republicans-Report-Much-Better-Mental-Health-Than-Others.aspx#1Gallop is not a right wing org.Could it be that since %15 of the Democrats have mental health issues and 21% of the Democratic party are identified as Far Left, could that mean that the majority of the Far Left Liverals have mental health issues?Do you fit into this group?January 10, 2011 at 10:51 pm | Report abuse | Reply JacqueShe's a real loony... Michelle MalkinJanuary 10, 2011 at 11:24 pm | Report abuse | Reply  Previous123Post a commentClick here to cancel reply.Name: (required)E-mail: (required, but will not be displayed)CNN welcomes a lively and courteous discussion as long as you follow the Rules of Conduct set forth in our Terms of Service. Comments are not pre-screened before they post. You agree that anything you post may be used, along with your name and profile picture, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and the license you have granted pursuant to our Terms of Service. Back to mainNext entryPrevious entrySubscribe About this blogThis Just In is CNN's news blog. This is where you will find the latest news and information from CNNs correspondents and sources around the world. Well cover fresh stories big and small  stories that are breaking, developing or otherwise driving the collective daily conversation, along with some items we find interesting and worth sharing. Our main blogger is Mallory Simon of CNN.com, with major assists from the staff of the CNN Wire and colleagues around the network.Recent PostsWounded man, physician among those who stepped up during shootingCentral figure in 'Band of Brothers' dead at 928 dead, 70 missing after Australian flash floodsArizona shooting: Latest developmentsJudge: Tom DeLay to serve 3 years in prisonNASA mission finds its first rocky planet outside our solar systemSI.com: Where is Melo headed?Monday's most intriguing peopleGotta Watch: Wheels on fire; beauty and danger in snowPress secretary: Threat made against Illinois U.S. representativeArchiveJanuary 2011MTWTFSS Dec12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031@cnnbrk on Twitter72 people are now missing in northeast #Australia flooding http://on.cnn.com/g14pue 5hoursagoArizona shooting suspect Jared Lee #Loughner makes first court appearance in Phoenix http://on.cnn.com/hG7wRt 8hoursago#NASA spots smallest planet yet discovered outside Sun's solar system http://on.cnn.com/fbYH3H 8hoursagoFormer House Majority Leader Tom #DeLay sentenced to three years in money laundering case. http://on.cnn.com/eq4cdG 9hoursagoWeather forecastHome | Video | NewsPulse | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | SportsTools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts  | CNN shop | Site mapCNN en ESPAOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion |  |  |  | CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts 2010 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved.Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Advertising practices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help