The Saving of Just One Torrey Pine, Part ThreeOB RagGrassroots and Progressive views on local, national and world newsHomeAboutComment PolicyHistoryContactLettersOld RagsVol. 1, No. 17, July 1971Vol. 2, No. 5, January 1972Vol. 2, No. 8, March 1972Vol. 7, No. 2, Oct. 2002Vol. 7, No. 3, May 2003ArchivesLinksColumnsAnna's Video PickAsk an OB ConvertEd DeckerRiyadh CallingThe Chronicles of EdumacationThe Widder CurryOcean BeachHitchikers' Guide to OBOB Flashes!OB HeroesOB Time MachinePopularSan DiegoOB ClassifiedsThe Saving of Just One Torrey Pine, Part Threeby Frank Gormlie on December 12, 2010 in: Culture, Economy, Environment, Life Events, Ocean Beach, Organizing, San DiegoOcean Beach Planning Board meeting, Dec 1, 2010. (All photos by Patty Jones.)December 1st was the night of the Ocean Beach Planning Board.  The endangered Torrey Pine tree thats been living on the 4600 block of Long Branch Avenue for nearly eighty years was on the Boards agenda. It was Action Item No. 1.As the City of San Diegos Street Division was threatening to chop down the Torrey Pine, local activists and this website obtained an agreement from the City that they would not touch the tree until they could prove to the community that there was nothing else to do but remove this municipally-protected tree.It was the continuing saga of saving the Torrey Pine at 4633 Long Branch. Ive been describing this saga in Part One  a more in general look at the uniqueness and threatened status of the Torrey Pines, and in Part Two  the nitty gritty detailed development of the Citys plans to chop down the tree and the communitys response up to the time of the Planning Board meeting.The audience at Planning Board meeting. By time the meeting really got going, I counted 25 people in the audience, and in front of us  by time they all arrived  were the thirteen Board members, with the Chair Giovanni Ingolia squarely in the middle.Mary Wolford, project manager for the Street Division, got up to speak. As I understand it, she has the final say whether the tree stays or goes. She spoke about the complaint about the tree leaning and the adjacent cracked sidewalk and its temporary repair. There had been no money for a permanent repair a few years ago, she said, so it was added to a list. Now, money has been identified to fix the sidewalk, and  more complaints have come in. So, the trees status was handed over to a City tree expert, Micah Millet, who stated that the tree was not unstable.Wolford said she expected the sidewalk repair contract to go out in January, and then the repair done in March. And her position was that night, that the tree had to be removed. The sidewalk has buckled and cracked, is a hazard and everybody knows the City is liable.So, in a very real sense, the sidewalk repair drives this whole thing. The sidewalk has to be repaired  everybody agrees to that. Yet City experts say that when the sidewalk is repaired, the roots  and hence the tree  will be damaged, then weakened, and then a hazard, and must come down.Wolford was asking, did the tree move? during this recent storm. She recounted the unknown citizen story, the citizen who told the Street Division guys that the tree had moved during the most recent storm. This story has been raised several times. And she hinted that winter storms could still come in and weaken the Torrey Pine  with the definite implication that it would have to be cut down.Wolford finished up, creating a segue for Drew Potocki, the Citys urban forester, by saying that the City wanted yet another opinion about the tree, so they brought Potocki in for a second opinion.Drew got up, and in his down-home, folksy manner, made a case for the Torrey Pines removal. He laid out an argument that since the experts say it must go, it must go. He said they had received more opinions from arborists about the tree, and they all say its a hazard and has to be removed.Thyme Curtis of Councilmember Kevin Faulconer's office. Curtis has been in the loop on this issue from day one.Potocki always used the word, removal or remove  it sounds so much better and refined than cut down or chop down. He talked about how the roots are limited to the south side of the tree  away from the street, how the north side is weakened, and thats why its leaning. And with respect to the nearby retaining wall, it appears to have changedsuddenly, that its recent changes werent gradual, but appeared by being jolted. Bottom line, Potocki summarized, he recommended that the tree be removed, and it should happen soon.Wow, I thought, Potocki has changed his mind. Where was the north-side foliage trimming that he told me about? When Drew Potocki and I first discussed this tree and came to an agreement to come to the Planning Board, he told me that he thought the tree could be saved but by drastic foliage trimming  especially on the trees north side  the side where the tree towers over the narrow street below. He had given me this position of his, I repeated it in a post on November 11th, and that was a little more than two weeks before the Board meeting. Now he was recommending complete removal  or complete chopping down. Complete cutting up.Potocki was still speaking. He referred to other reports that he had received about the tree. There was the report from the Area Manager of West Coast Arborists, a certified arborist  who recommended its removal. West Coast Arborists are the contractors that the City hires to trim and remove trees, and they were the folks who trimmed the Torrey Pines over on Saratoga just a week or so before the meeting. One Board member referred to that trim job as barbaric, or words to that effect.Another expert was quoted by Potocki as calling for removal  this time it was an emergency response guy, Gary Foulkes. And another arborist Tim Jones was also cited calling for removal.While he was talking, Potocki kept referring to the reports he had handled in to the Planning Board. He had handed in a packet, with a two-page section entitled Requested Opinions, but not to the public. It wasnt until after the meeting did we get a chance to see it. Tree activist Richard Agee had filed a Public Records Request seeking these very reports. He has yet to receive them. But that night, Potocki was handing out his report with supposed quotes from the other specialists.Winding up, Potochi quoted the legal authority he or the Street Division had to remove the protected Torrey Pine; it was a provision of the Municipal Code, section 63.20.14, called Employee Exceptions and states:Nothing in these Sections shall be construed to prevent any employee of the Park and Recreation Department from doing anything that in the opinion of the City Manager or of the Park and Recreation  Director may be thought necessary and proper for the maintenance,  improvement or betterment of said beach area, and further that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any employee or agent of The City of San Diego from doing anything that in the opinion of The City Council may be thought necessary or proper for the best interests of The City of San Diego.Now, this section 63 is part of the same section of the Muni Code that contains the section that states that Torrey Pines are protected. However, a closer look at the section that he cited, shows that it is not the panacea that Potocki claimed.First, it refers to any employee of the Park and Recreation Department  well, neither he nor Mary Wolford are employees of that department, so that clause of the section does not apply to them.Second, the Park and Rec employee is not prevented from doing anything that in the opinion of the City Manager  we no longer have a City Manager but we do have a strong mayor  or it says of the Park and Recreation Director may be thought necessary and proper for the maintenance, improvement or betterment of said beach area. I am not aware of any Park and Rec Department employee involved in this controversy. The Park and Rec Director has not weighed in, plus Potocki is of the Citys Engineering and Capital Projects Department, and Wolford is of the General Services Department / Street Division.The other clause that may be appropriate applies to any employee or agent of the City  which Potocki and Wolford certainly are  BUT  the clause continues in the opinion of The City Council  stop right there. The City Council has not weighed in on this. So, from a cursory look at this Municipal Code section that Potocki cites as his and Wolfords authority to chop down the Torrey Pine  actually does not apply to this tree.Meanwhile, back at the Board meeting, Potocki was winding down. The tree is so heavy over the roadway, he said, that it had to come down.Then he began one of the most ludicrous parts of his long-winded spiel. After the City chops down the Torrey Pine, he said, the community could use its wood as keep-sakes or as decorations for fundraising. I couldnt believe my ears. He was actually saying that. Sure, chop down a sacred, memorable, majestic and protected Torrey Pine and use its wood as fodder for our memories. Incredible.Finally, the Board entertained questions from the audience. A couple people who live on the block in question wanted it removed. But they gave their opinions before the other side had spoken. One man  who lives directly across from the tree  changed his stance after he had heard from tree proponents.One guy who lives on the 4600 block of Saratoga  where the City worked with local residents to save their Torrey Pines  said they are native, should be saved, and trimmed. Then Pat Flannery  a civic activist and blogger  questioned how the outfit that chops and trims trees for the City  West Coast Arborists  could be cited as an independent opinion as they are paid by the City in bulk for tree removals.Tree specialist Theron Winsby. He asked 'is the tree leaning or is it growing at a slant?'Then Theron Winsby got up. He was a second generation certified arborist that had been retained by local activists and asked to do an evaluation. He said he did an visual inspection of the tree and found that it was healthy, and had possibly large roots that anchored the tree on its south side. He acknowledged that the limbs are heavy. But, he had many questions, he said, that needed to be answered before the tree was destroyed.Number one, Winsby said, was Why is the tree leaning? Is it leaning he asked, or growing at a slant? He added it has bended to the prevailing winds in the area. He said that many Torrey Pine trees grow at a slant, and that he had photos to prove that point. (We later got hold of those photos and posted them in a recent gallery.) Winsby ended by saying that he needs to perform a root collar inspection.I was next to speak, and my points were that that Potocki had told me he had the opinions of three independent arborists  but that those he cited that night were not independent at all -that they all worked for the City. Plus, I said, the sidewalk could be repaired without damaging the trees roots or endangering the tree itself so it didnt have to be removed, and that the Board should hold off on any vote to allow citizens and our experts time to give a presentation.Torrey Pine expert David Shaw believes the Long Branch Torrey Pine is "an incredibly healthy tree."Next audience member to speak was David Shaw. He too was a Torrey Pines expert and was affiliated with the University of California. He had looked at the tree the day before, and he said, it is an incredibly healthy tree. It had no insects, he said, its not damaged, has no diseases, has no mites. Its old wounds had healed well, and that it was in pretty good shape, and that it had a tremendous canopy.He asked the question that was on everyones mind: is this tree going to fall? He then repeated what many of us had thought. There is no data. The City has presented no study, no information besides hearsay that the tree needs to come down. There has been no measurements of the tree over time for comparisons. Shaw did say that if you take out the sidewalk and cut the roots, then take the tree out.He repeated the idea of Winsby, that the tree needs a root collar inspection. This is done, he said, by peeling back the cement of the sidewalk, and use a hose to wash away some of the soil to locate the roots. Finally Shaw iterated that theres new things done with sidewalks these days, and theres lots of alternatives to sawing through the roots in order to lay down a new cement sidewalk.Once Shaw was done, Geoff Page got up and added his support to save the tree. He described how he had been part of efforts to save a giant pine tree at the corner of Sunset Cliffs Boulevard and Del Monte Avenue many years ago, but had lost. Page said, the sidewalk issue is not an issue, repeating the point that the sidewalk could be repaired without hurting the tree or its roots.Geoff Page wanted to know of the 400 trees that fell recently in San Diego were Torrey Pines.Page then responded to one of the things that Potocki had said. Potocki had earlier claimed that 400 trees had fallen down over the recent past within San Diego. Page said that he bet 395 of those trees were Eucalyptus trees or palm trees. He asked Potocki for a detailed list of the types of trees that had fallen, and specifically he asked, How many Torrey Pines have fallen over? There had been one a number of years ago during the Nineties whose limb had fallen and the tree was found to have root rot. The City had no answers to these questions.Finally, the Board members themselves asked questions and made comments. Scott Waschitz, one of the Board members who represents District 3  where the tree sits  cited a general theme of safety. He said he was familiar with other cities and how they dealt with trees. Monterey, for example, he said, anchored trees, roads were built around trees, sidewalks are curved around them.Every time a Board member had a comment or question, Potocki jumped in  and he got a lot of play time this way. Deep into one of his arguments, he played the fear card, saying that the tree was a hazard, that it might fall anytime, falling on children, adults, and homes in the way, and then citing fears that a school bus could drive down the street and hit the tree. If logic doesnt do it, fear will.Scott Waschitz, Barbara Schmidtknecht listen to Seth Connolly. Craig Klein and Scott Therkalsen are to Connolly's left.Other Board members made comments. Seth Connolly recounted how he had spoken to some Saratoga residents where the sidewalks were wider. Lets see the problems with this tree on Long Branch quantified, he said, keep it if it can be safe.Craig Klein asked the question, are there ways less drastic than cutting it out?. He believed the tree could be pruned tastefully to equal out the weight, and pruned enough to make the house across the street safe. It does not need to look funny, he said.Scott Therkalsen, a new Board member, complained that the packet from Drew Potocki given the Board had only been handed out three hours before the meeting. He asked that in the future, the Board be notified with plenty of time to study the documents given them.Landry Watson gestures while he speaks. Scott Therkalsen and Craig Klein listen.The Vice-chair of the Board, Landry Watson, added that the tree is not an immediate danger. Potocki had said that the tree needs to be removed before the next Winter storm. If the sidewalk is not repaired, the tree should still be removed within 30 days. Watson asked how much a root analysis costs, and whether that is typical for the City to do on trees. The amounts of $2000 to $2500 to do such a study were bandied about.It was at this point that Potocki chimed in with even another reason/ issue that the tree needs to be removed. The tree was encroaching into the public right-of-way, and that this reason alone was sufficient for its removal. His point was that the trees lean or slant was too far into the roadway, and that vehicles going down Long Branch could possibly run into the trunk and cause it to fall.Board member Jane Gawronski who has a PhD in public education asked the folks in the audience who said they lived directly across from the tree and who wanted  at least initially  to have it removed  whether they had any problems with their homeowners insurance when they purchased their house. They answered that they had bought the house two years ago, and that no, no problems with insurance. Jane asked, What would it take to make the tree safe? The City had obviously made the Torrey Pines on Saratoga safe and they were maintained by the City.Then it was Bill Bushes turn. He along with Waschitz represent District 3. Bushe recounted how he had talked to 4 people on that block, and they feared it would fall. By 3 to 1 they wanted it removed. Bushe said it could be replaced with another Torrey Pine, and that the City should get it out as soon as possible.Scott Thekalsen, Vice-chair Landry Watson, and Chair Giovanni Ingolia.Board Chair Giovanni Ingolia spoke next. He said the Torrey Pine was cited as endangered by international groups that look after trees. He acknowledged that the sidewalk is not ADA compliant. But he asked, if the tree was so dangerous, why hadnt the City done things to prevent people from parking under it? Then Ingolia raised the issue of fundraising or seeking donations for a root analysis. He added that he thought more research was needed, a root demonstration at the least.The Board went into more discussion. Watson said the Board should not take any action that night, that the Board could have a special meeting, that the sidewalk should be pulled up and the roots evaluated. He also added that the Board did not have enough time to sufficiently review the material given them, that there needs to be another meeting on this issue, and thanked those who had brought the issue to the Board.Klein said the reality is money, and asked what is the least expensive thing to do. The City will do what it wants to do, regardless, and agreed with Watson that there needed to be another meeting. Klein, the lawyer, said the City has not met its burden of proof that the tree is dangerous.Connolly added that there was no immediate hazard, that the tree is a liability issue, but that the City would not have on its own brought the tree issue to the Board. Barbara Schmidtknecht thought there should be more time given to evaluate the tree. Ingolia reiterated that it would be nice if they had a root analysis, and that it should tabled for a special meeting in January.At this point, Potocki did say that the activists expert could trim the tree without a permit if the Street Division could let him.Board members then wanted to resolve the issue this evening with some kind of vote. Usually, the Board allows the Rep of the district where the building or issue takes place to make a motion. Everyone looked at Bill Bushe. Bushe stepped back from his take it down now position and made a motion to continue the matter for thirty days to allow the parties to make their studies and to pursue alternatives, and return to the Board in January.The vote to put off any decision until the next meeting is unanimous.This motion passed unanimously. There was some applause  and most of the audience in the room got up to leave. Chair Ingolia nearly had to yell out that they wanted full reports by next month. And thus ended another small chapter in the story of how the Torrey Pine tree on Long Branch is saved or not saved.Share|Did you find this article interesting? Try these:Arborist's Report on Long Branch Torrey Pine: It's Healthy and StableOcean Beach Planning Board Agenda for January 5th, 2011The Saratoga Torrey Pines and the Sidewalks BelowThe saving of just one Torrey Pine, Part TwoThe fight to save just one Torrey Pine tree, Part OneTorrey Pines  Are they leaning or growing at a slant?BREAKING NEWS: Ocean Beach Planners want more research before City chops down local Torrey Pine.The Torrey Pines of Ocean Beach Tagged as:Ocean Beach Planning Board, Torrey Pines{ 1 comment read it below or add one }OB DudeDecember 12, 2010 at 11:16 pmAs always.thank you for keeping OB informed.Faulconer has a pile of discretionary money is he will to allocate some for the root analysis?On a similar note, has anyone in the city walked OB and identified any other potential tree(s) that may be a concern or hazard?  It so, they should bring this list to the OB Planning Board for review.  If not, they should put it on their list of things to do in order to be proactive not reactive.Toodles!ReplyCancel reply Leave a CommentName *E-mail *WebsiteWant to be notified of follow-up comments by email? Click the box!{ 1 trackback }Save a healthy Torrey Pine  Come to tonights Planning Board meeting.Previous post: Bernie Sanders takes to the floor to protest the Tax Cut DealNext post: The Left Revolts Against ObamaFollow Us! Search the OB Rag Help Bring Back Terriers!Click the image to go to Clicker and vote for Terriers as Best TV Show Drama, maybe enough votes will convince FX to renew the show! You can also vote for Terriers in the Best Canceled Show  and Most Underrated  categories.WEEKLY OB RAG POLLWhat is the first step the Federal government should take to balance the budget and deal with the deficit?Raise taxes on the most wealthy Americans.Cut defense spending.Cut the Medicare government health insurance program for the elderly.Cut the Social Security retirement program.None of the above, or I don't know.View ResultsThe latest chatterErnie McCray on Leeches, Todays Date and the Photo of Charles Main  the Liberry Lady Answers Your QuestionsGreat article. I've always been amazed at the information librarians or Ms. Information have at their disposal as I've asked ...annagrace on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanWhat is even more pathetic Frank is that the U-T was pulling their reports from AP.  I don't know ...RB on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanI am already doing something.  I reject both the far right and the far left and extremest language and ...dave rice on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanI got into this same argument earlier today - sent you the pics that were used against me.  Two ...Andy Cohen on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanAnd that's just the point:  Without the right wing rhetoric, it's likely that this guy would have found another ...Andy Cohen on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanMSNBC was reporting the same thing, citing wire services, until they had an official from the hospital on the air ...dave rice on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanI'm kind of on board with Sarah's vague support of Goat's marginal support of Ian - my knee-jerk was to ...Jon on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a Congresswomanasshat. Recent Popular PostsExtreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a Congresswoman 37BREAKING NEWS: Arizona Congresswoman Who Supported Health Care Reform Shot 11Newly Formed PAC for Poor People Lobbies San Diego Politicians 16The Long Branch Torrey Pine Lives! 13Save a healthy Torrey Pine  Come to tonights Planning Board meeting. 12A Librarian With a Sunny Smile I Once Knew and Loved 12The fuss about Waiting for Superman 25A firecracker is not a fireworks show. 29Reflections on the OB Mystique 9Mayor Sanders says San Diego should subsidize stadium by selling sun 21Welcome to the OB Rag  Ocean Beach & Beyond This Blog has been initiated to ply the Ocean Beach community and the San Diego scene with news and commentary from a distinctively progressive and grassroots perspective, and to provide a forum for those views. Others with similar views are invited to contribute and participate. More about us...Support the OB Rag Blog! Purchase old copies - 20% off  Help the OB Rag blog stay online by donating to buy 30-35 year old issues of the original OB Rag, Ocean Beach's infamous and iconic counterculture, underground newspaper; limited numbers are available for purchase!SPECIAL!! Save $5 on an OB Rag T-Shirt and help our website pay for itself The "OB Rag" design logo is in four colors, and on quality shirts printed up by James Gang Graphics. $15 for shirt (originally $20) plus $3 for shipping. Either send check or money order to OB Rag, PO Box 7012, San Diego, CA 92167 - or order through PayPal. Make sure to select your size before clicking "BUY NOW"  - Sorry, we are out of EXTRA-LargeSizesSmall $15.00Medium $15.00Large $15.00People Are Not Bums Buy a 'Compassion' Sticker and Help the Homeless in Ocean BeachTo order a sticker, please go to the Regional Task Force on the Homeless web site. Stickers cost only $3.50 each (including shipping and handling). You can also pick them up at the Task Force office for $2.50. All sticker proceeds will go to homeless services in Ocean Beach.Background Stuff ArchivesLinksSpecial FriendsAbout the OB Rag blogComment Policy1st OB Rag HistoryOB Under SiegeOB RespondsSummer 1970The First CircleCollier ParkNew BloodThe Rag Once AgainIn Full SwingThe Rag MaturesThe Early PoliticsPie ShopNumber 10, Summer 1984Number 11, November 1984ContactLettersOld Rags ScannedIssues of the Original OB Rag Available For A Donation to the Blog- 20% OFFVol. 1 No. 13  late April 1971Vol. 1, No. 7, Dec. 1970Vol. 1 No. 14, May-June 1971Vol. 1, No. 17, July 1971Vol. 7, No. 2, Oct. 2002Vol. 1, No. 16  late June  early July 1971Vol. 7, No. 3, May 2003Vol. 2, No. 5, January 1972Vol. 2, No. 8, March 1972Our SponsorsThe Staff Box Andy CohenAnna DanielsAnnie LaneBrenda McFarlaneDan MoralesDave RiceDoug PorterEdwin DeckerErnie McCrayFrank and PattyFrank GormlieGary GilmoreJon CarrJudi CurryLane TobiasMichael SteinbergOB CindiPatty JonesShane FinneranSunshineWireless MikeSupport the OB Rag with PayPal! For the price of a Mocha Chip Frappaccino latte, you can keep us alive for another day!Archives  Select Month  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009  November 2009  October 2009  September 2009  August 2009  July 2009  June 2009  May 2009  April 2009  March 2009  February 2009  January 2009  December 2008  November 2008  October 2008  September 2008  August 2008  July 2008  June 2008  May 2008  April 2008  March 2008  February 2008  January 2008  December 2007  November 2007  October 2007 Those Button Thingies Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes.WordPress Admin