Self Defense Gadgets All Women Should Carry.HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsTechnologyConsumer Electronics and Personal GadgetsSelf Defense Gadgets All Women Should Carry.Self Defense Gadgets All Women Should Carry.72rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy mistyhorizon2003See all 22 photosFollowing on from my recent hubs on domestic violence, I put some thought into the subject of self defense, especially for women. Of course not all violence happens within the home, and frequently women are attacked when walking home alone late at night or leaving work after alate shift finishes. After doing my research I discovered there are a surprising number of self defense products for women on the market, all of which are well worth the small financial investment in your own safety, after all, what price do you put on your life?For instance, did you know that you can buy such products as portable stun guns or tasers to carry with you, which has to be a good thing as these may well be far quicker and easier to use than simple mace spray? Stun Gun As Above:The SABRE 300,000 volt, 5 7/8 tall with wrist strap and belt clip. On-Off safety switch, separate firing trigger. Serial number & 2 year warranty date inside the battery cover. Uses two 9 volt alkaline batteries.Features: 300,000 volt5 7/8 tall with wrist strap and belt clipOn-Off safety switch, separate firing triggerSerial number & 2 year warranty date inside the battery coverUses two 9 volt alkaline batteriesMaker: SABRE brandFlashlight Shock Generator As Above:Made of high quality ABS engineered plastic, this unit functions as high voltage (200K) shock generator and a flashlight. The KL-139 self-defense flashlight features ni-cad built in storage batteries and comes complete with it's own charger and extra bulb. Uses the latest electric "pulse" technology. Charges in 4 hours. Size: 6" long and 1" diameter.Stun Baton As Above:The SABRE 500,000v Stun Baton is 13 1/4" tall with a wrist strap and nylon belt holster. On-Off safety switch, separate firing trigger. Serial number & 2 year warranty date inside the battery cover. Uses two 9 volt alkaline batteries.Features: 500,000 volt6 tall with wrist strap and belt clipOn-Off safety switch, separate firing triggerSerial number & 2 year warranty date inside the battery coverUses two 9 volt alkaline batteriesMaker: SABRE brandSmall Fry Stun Gun As Above:Small Fry Stun Guns are the popular and immensely powerful stun guns that have been engineered to also be one of the smallest stun guns available. The ground breaking design of the Streetwise Small Fry Stun Gun enables 700,000 volts volts to fire out of a stun gun that is so small it can actually be concealed inside a pack of cigarettes!Traditionally, the higher the voltage of a stun gun the larger the unit had to be. This is because they are normally powered by 9 volt batteries and the higher voltage units required three or four batteries.By using 3 volt lithium batteries, which are powerful batteries but are only 1.25 inches tall, the Small Fry has revolutionized the stun gun industry. Now, you do not have to choose between a small stun gun that is easy to carry and conceal, or a high voltage unit that is big and bulky. It easily fits in the palm of your hand or can be concealed inside a pack of cigarettes. For those who would prefer to carry it in a holster, we have included a small heavy duty nylon holster with belt loop.As Above:The TASER C2 can stop a threat up to 15 feet (4.5 meters) away, allowing you to protect yourself and your family from a safe distance. You can also use the C2 as a contact stun gun device to repel someone - a powerful backup capability. TASER technology has proven itself as the safe self-defense choice with over 500,000 uses worldwide. TASER technology is supported by dozens of independent medical reports attesting to its general safety. EFFECTIVEUnlike conventional weapons, a TASER C2 discharge can work anywhere on the body, making it easier to stop a threat under stress than other self-defense options. TASER devices are field proven to be over 95% effective in actual law enforcement encounters by over 10,000 police agencies in 40 countries. TASER technology provides the only devices, short of lethal means, that can truly stop an attacker, even those under the influence of drugs and alcohol. RESPONSIBLETo promote responsible ownership and prevent misuse, the TASER C2 will function only after the owner completes a background check.* Purchasers must be 18 years or older. Background check will cost $9.95 to be payable to Taser Inc.TASER C2 cartridges have a unique serial number and are equipped with Anti-Felon Identification tags, allowing police to track a potential misuse. These AFID tags are dispersed upon deployment. Your Life is Worth More Than the Cost of a TASERLIFETIME REPLACEMENT GUARANTEEIf the TASER C2 is used in self-defense, it can be deployed and left behind attached to the attacker causing incapacitation while you get to safety. When fired, the TASER C2 will deliver a 30 second energy burst. During this window od opportunity, you can set down the TASER C2 to keep the attacker incapacitated, while you escape. Send TASER International a copy of the police report documenting the incident and we will replace your unit free of charge.Stun Baton As Above:Streetwise 800,000 Volt Stun Baton w/HolsterThe Rechargeable Streetwise 800,000 Volt Stun Baton is a self defense device which disrupts the message the brain sends to the voluntary muscles. Simply touching an attacker with a stun baton for three to five seconds will deliver a high voltage shock causing loss of balance and muscle control, confusion, and disorientation bringing him to his knees and making him incapable of further aggressive activity. Full recovery takes about five to ten minutes and there is no permanent harm. Measures 18 in. long. Just test firing this unit into the air is often enough to stop an attacker. As the bright electric current pulsates between the test prongs and creates an intimidating electrical sound an attacker with any sense at all will be stopped in his tracks. If the sight and sound doesn't stop them a jolt from this unit certainly will! Holster Included: includes a heavy duty holster with belt loop for easy carrying. Life time warranty: Streetwise Stun batons are of the highest quality and come with a lifetime warranty. Mobile Phone Stun Gun As Above:Cell phone stun guns are great for women traveling alone, college students on campus after dark, or protection any time for everybody! Remember, the purpose of this stun gun, and all other non-lethal self defense products, is to give you time to escape. Use the cellphone stun gun, then run like hell for safety.Even the most prepared and savvy of women can fall prey to someone with bad intentions. In case of an emergency or if you are in need of personal protection a cell phone stun gun is a perfect solution.Yes, Its a cheap cell phone stun gun, but the quality is top notch. Grab one now!Sprays.Another good option are the various sprays that you can easily transport in a pocket, palm of the handor ahandbag, (although I recommend a pocket or palm of handfor rapid retrieval when needed). These are an inexpensive option, and very effective.Pepper Spray Lipstick As Above:Lipstick Pepper Spray-RoundA Lipstick With An EdgeBeing targeted as an easy prey, women indeed require special attention when it comes to safety.Fortunately, tons of security products are now created to be female friendly. One of the most exciting and effective self-defense weapons for women is the lipstick pepper spray. Available in five sexy colors. Get several and give some to your friendsAn essential part of your make-up kit, this lipstick pepper spray is a must have to protect yourself ladies . Lipstick pepper spray is designed for the women. Looks just like a tube of lipstick but contains OC pepper spray. Great self defense product made just for women.The Benefits Of The Lipstick Pepper SprayConsider the following statistics: Over 55% of teenage girls who are raped are raped by a date One in four college women surveyed are victims of rape or attempted rape The risk of rape is four times higher for women aged 16-24 than for any other age group. Find out below how this pepper spray for women can save your life:Preferred by many cosmopolitan women, this lipstick pepper spray is ingeniously concealed as a standard looking lipstickit would surely surprise any would-be attacker!Since its packaging is deceiving, you can always pretend that you just want to retouch your lip color, then immediately spray away to fend off a predator.Small and handy, this purse size pepper spray perfectly fits your cosmetic purse or pocket, readily accessible whenever you need it.Though tiny looking, this lipstick pepper spray is packed with potent OC pepper spray delivery system that can completely knock out an aggressor.This pepper spray for women is bursting with 20 half-second sprays and squirts up to 10 feet away. An attacker shall experience excruciating pain, apart from short-term blindness, irrepressible flow of tears, sneezing and coughing, gasping for air that brings him down to his kneesproviding you enough time to flee.Designed for a women's purse, this powerful pepper spray formula is contained inside a common looking lipstick that houses a powerful self defense protection pepper delivery system. This is 10% OC pepper spray and rated at 2 million scoville heat units (SHU's). Lipstick Pepper Spray is a convenient and subtle way to carry the self defense you need into any environment where you might find yourself. Contains 5 one second bursts and sprays up to 6 feet. Pepper Spray Lipstick Heart Shaped As Above:Lipstick Pepper Spray-HeartThis unit looks like a heart-shaped lipstick container. We offer two color choices: black or pink. Small Easy to use 3 and one-half inches x one and a quarter inch. Each canister contains 20 grams of O.C. pepper spray (about  oz.) Pepper Spray Key Chain As Above:Pepper Shot is a 10% pepper spray rated at 2 million scoville heat units and made with a very fine grain that is more effective than the coarser grains of most other pepper sprays. In addition to causing an attacker pain, Pepper Shot swells the mucous membranes, which makes breathing difficult, and swells the veins in the eyes, causing the eyes to close. These effects last 20-30 minutes and cause no permanent damage. All sprays have locking actuators for extra safety. 1/2 ounce with Leatherette Holster. Locking actuator and Quick Key release keychain. Effective up to 8 feet. Contains 5 one second bursts. Choose Pink, Black, Blue, or RedPepper Spray Fountain Pen As Above:Pepper PenDisguised Personal Self Defense ProtectionClick to enlarge image(s)This pepper spray fountain pen is a camouflaged defense weapon that you can have in plain sight for quick access personal securityThe pepper spray pen has a low key package that houses a powerful self protection pepper delivery system. Pen clip easily attaches to pocket. Contains 5 one second pepper shot bursts. 10 gram stream unit sprays up to 6 feet. Pepper Spray Pager As Above:Looking for a way to be protected with out drawing attention to your self?CONSIDER the PEPPER SPRAY PAGER as your solution The Pepper Spray Pager's patented design resembles an ordinary pager but contains two powerful canisters of police strength, two million S.H.U. OC pepper spray. The Pepper pager may be clipped to a purse, belt, or a vehicle's sun visor making it easily accessible.VERY easy to use ...simply release the safety on the front of the pepper pager and squeeze the trigger on the bottom.Disguising your pepper spray as a common pager provides you with the element of surprise needed to safely defend yourself against an attacker.Pepper Spray Jogging Weights As Above:Hidden inside these hand held weights are half ounce canisters of pepper spray, one in each weight. These pepper spray Jogging Hand Weights are extremely functional. The pepper spray canisters are removable and can be replaced. Each weight has reflective writing for greater visibility in low light situations. Features: 14 half second pepper spray bursts (each canister) Range: 8-10 feet "HOT" OC (oleoresin capsicum) pepper spray formula Made in U.S.A. Replacement pepper spray canisters available Stunning Rings As Above:An attractive self-defense ring with (surprise!) pepper spray inside offers safety, elegance and confidence... always close at hand. Tastefully crafted in silver and gold plating with a genuine black onyx stone it's the perfect gift; a self defense ring for women or men. THE STUNNING RING with replaceable pepper spray canisters protects a woman or man while jogging, dating, waitressing, working or anywhere against attack, rape, violence or crisis.Get this non lethal weapon as a thoughtful gift for someone you love.This could REALLY put the damper on an abduction!THE STUNNING RING ring uses the strongest pepper spray formula available on the market today. The formula has the industry's highest heat rating of 2 million SHU (compared to a jalapeno pepper, which is 5000 SHU), which severely affects the mucous membranes (eyes and respiratory systems). The ring has 2-3 one second burst and has an effective range of 12 inches.THE STUNNING RING formula can be used to deter assailants causing no permanent injury. Pepper spray canisters are REPLACEABLE. "It is with great pleasure and an honor to offer my endorsement for the Stunning Ring. I have evaluated the ring and found it to be a tool that should be a part of everyone's self defense arsenal. The fact that it is worn like a ring makes it readily accessible and convenient. Unlike the key chain or pocket pepper sprays, the ring will be there when you need it. And because it looks like a piece of fine jewelry, a potential attacker would not even suspect that they were about to receive an effective shot of OC pepper spray. As a former police officer with over 20 years experience, I now teach Personal Protection at my school, Self Defense America in Seaside, CA. I can honestly recommend The Ring to any adult that is interested in adding some additional protection to their self defense tool bag. My students love it and it won't be long before they will all be wearing The Stunning Ring." Bob IngersollCA State Director / VP International Combat Hapkido FederationWest Coast Director / International Police Defensive Tactics Institute THE STUNNING RING ring is designed to be worn on either hand on the 1st (index) or 2nd finger preferably your dominant hand, with the thumb (or other hand if necessary) accessible to operate the safety latch and depress the trigger. EFFECTS: In most cases, the attacker will lose control of his faculties immediately. The spray causes inflammation of the eye capillaries and all other mucous membranes, resulting in immediate temporary visual impairment, difficult breathing, coughing, choking, sneezing, severe burning sensations to the eyes, nose, throat and skin, and nausea, with acute symptoms and discomfort lasting for 45 minutes. There is no permanent damage.Mace Spray As Above:24 Grams Mace Here is 24 grams of Mace with a split ring key chain Personal Alarm Key Chain As Above:Don't worry with rummaging for your alarm in the event of an assault! It's right in your hand with your keys! Key Chain Personal Alarm with Light is small, compact (2-1/2 x 1-1/4 x 1/2) and easy to carry anywhere. A 118 decibel screaming alarm is triggered at the push of the key chain alarm button. Guaranteed to attract attention! The Key Chain Alarm provides three safety services: By slightly pressing the key chain alarm button, you can sound a warning chirp Depressing the key chain button completely will sound the continuous 118 dB alarm Built in light serves as an aid for finding key holes or objects in the darkPersonal Alarm As Above:Don't go quietly! NO ONE wants to be the target of an assailant...andNO ONE knows when they might be targeted. Criminals work on the elements of surprise, speed and fear! Give criminals their own dose of surprise! Add crime-foiling time to their attempt at assault! Multiply their fear of detection and capture!This conveniently small can emits an ear piercing shriek readily recognized as an emergency call for help. It's blast can be heard for blocks and will definitely alert everyone in the vicinity. Small enough to fit conveniently in purse or pocket - readily at hand for emergency use. Hopefully, you'll never be assaulted. With the Mace Screecher Aerosol Alarm, you'll be ready to alert help that it is needed. Personal Alarm and Strobe Light As Above:Contains a 137 decibel alarm and a strobe light. Simply pull the pin and the strobe will be activated. This unit can also be used as a torch. 20 minutes dual activation from 1 9V PP3 battery or 4 hours use of the torch only. Personal Alarm Complete with Odour and Dye Spray As Above:Not only does this alarm emit an ear-shattering 130 decibel alarm but it also gives off a repulsive odour and will spray an attacker with an ultra-violet dye that will help police or security staff to make a positive identification.Defender SAP Gloves As Above:Defender SAP Gloves Defender SAP Gloves-Genuine leather gloves lined with metal. Large and Extra Large available. Lightning Strike Personal Protection System As Above:The Lightning Strike Personal Protection System produced by Brite-Strike is a simple and easy to use personal safety and protection system, developed by police officers for police officers.Based on the usage of state-of-the-art LEDs, with electronic management, the 65 lumens of brilliant white light utilized by this tactical light will momentarily blind and disorient an attacker. This protection system also includes a 10db personal alarm, loud enough to scare off the attacker and alert others. To enable it, you have to pull the lanyard from the box and the pin activates the alarm. When the need for alarm is over, you can push the pin back in the box and the noise stops. It's small and rugged and it has a tough polymer coiled lanyard for attachment to a key ring or purse, making it easy to carry around with you.It has two carrying options: you can either insert it in the leather holster and spring clip it on you, or use the included wrist strap made out of durable polymer. Given its light weight ( >100g) and its reduced dimensions (approximately 10cm in length) you can use it while jogging or walking, or just carry it in your bag or purse.The unique Tactical Touch end cap switch allows the user to switch from high to low blinding strobe settings, all with a light touch of a finger. The cut-away terminal end ensures easier access to the switch.The Lightning Strike Personal Protection System has a 5 year warranty, is water-resistant and shock proof, being made with the same high-quality and precision craftsmanship as higher-priced models used by law enforcement and military agencies.Wild Cat Key Chains As Above:These cute kitty keychains are not toys, but are in fact a very serious defense weapon. The design has been around for years, but the technology has gotten better. They are now made of an ultra-tough plastic material that is very hard to break, which is exactly what you need should you ever have to use this device. Makes a great gift for any women. Available in Transparent Blue, Clear, Red, Purple, Pink and Black. (Made in USA) The Heart Attack Remember how the self defense experts used to tell you to place your keys between your fingers and punch. Now there is something much better and more effective. Carry the Heart Attack on your key chain and be ready to protect yourself anytime. The Heart Attack is small (3.5 inches long) and made of tough plastic. Hold it between your fingers and punch! Attackers beware!  7 Most Effective Self Defense Techniques.Self Defense Techniques That Actually Work - For Everyone!Street Self Defense.The #1 Martial-Arts & Self-Defense ProgramPlease, never, ever, give yourselves cause for regret by not ensuring your Wives or Daughters (and possibly Sons), are not able to defend themselves. One of the saddest expressions known to man is "Too Late", don't be one of the people saying this when it is!Some Of My Other Relevant Hubs.Do I have "Please Grope Me" Tattooed on my Forehead?Picture courtesy of http://pokergrump.blogspot.com/2008_07_06_archive.html I am seriously beginning to wonder what kind of message I am unintentionally giving out to men! It feels as if I have "Please Grope...Have you ever been flashed?Yes, these kind of things always seem to happen to me, I really don't know why. When I was about 24 I was working in a quiet Q8 petrol station set on a hill in a Kentish town called "Crowborough"....The True Story of a Domestic Violence Victim..... Me!This is a story I have always intended to get around to writing, but never quite did until now. What prompted me was this week's hubmob topic "Domestic Violence". I was a victim of domestic abuse, domestic...Living with a Control FreakThe reason I have decided to write this feature is so that other women, (or possibly even men), who have been, or are going through, the same experience as I had, can see that they are not alone and also that...A Definition of Domestic Abuse. Are you a Victim?Are you a victim of domestic abuse, be it verbal, emotional or physical? What is the definition of domestic abuse within relationships and can you be sure if you are being abused, or do you believe it must... Also RecommendedSexual Abuse and Self Defence: Never Again a VictimThese two simple techniques can save your life. And you can learn them quickly and effectively. Even in just one week.Self Defence-Defend yourself and remain AliveSelf defense has always been one of my greatest passions. This article is aimed to increase the knowledge about self defense in real life to help the average persons increase their chances of surviving an attack.How to Respond to an 'Active Shooter'Youre in the Mall, or your insurance office, or your stock brokers and suddenly you hear gunshots, The shots are close! What do you do? Where do I go? How do I get to Safety? Here are Homeland Security...vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Family and Relationships: The True Story of a Domestic Violence Victim..... Me!Family and Relationships: What Creeps Women Out?CommentsHmrjmr113 months ago mistyhorizon - you might also find this hub and some of the comments usefulhttp://hubpages.com/hub/How-to-Respond-to-an-ActivSituational Awareness is the first step in self defense. This is a great hub and I'll link it to mine as well..mistyhorizon200313 months ago Thanks Hmrjmr1, I have linked to your hub (above) as it is full of good advice. :)ocbill13 months ago great hub that I have to bookmark as I gotta be alert and keep my family protected.johnwindbell13 months ago Yea, they are all cute and nice and cheaper and attractive looking ..... but nothing beats a loaded pistol. I know, I was mugged as I stated in 'dearest mugger.'lorlie613 months ago What an amazing array of weapons!  When I got to the end of your hub, I was impressed to see the Wild Cat Key Chains, for I had to use a version of this back in the 80's, and it was free.  I was attacked by a man once while going to my car after work, and had been told in a self-defense class to hold my car keys between each knuckle, and to strike anyone attacking vertically, scratching the face.  It worked.I have, obviously, continued this practice, since it stunned the 'gentleman' and, I believe, saved my life!Hello, hello,13 months ago A lot of good gadgets which I never knew they were on the market.  Thank you, but the only thing was you didn't put a price to it.mistyhorizon200313 months ago Hi ocbill, thanks for popping in. I hope you do encourage your family to invest in, and carry at least one of these gadgets as it truly could save their life.Hi Johnwindbell, well yes, a loaded gun would work, but your teeenagers can't really carry these so easily, plus these could kill, whereas a pepper spray or stun gun won't. Remember too that not all countries allow handguns, and in Britain this would not be an option.mistyhorizon200313 months ago Hi Lorlie, great story thanks for posting it here. I always used to carry my keys between my fingers too when walking home at night whilst living in Tenerife. There were so many muggings and attacks there that it was important to be extra careful, although luckily I was never actually attacked.Paradise713 months ago This is great.  I didn't know this range of products was available!  Holy smoke!  We can go out prepared for anything and not have to worry too much.  I bookmarked this hub to look at again later.  Sounds like a great present for a lady, too.mistyhorizon200313 months ago Thanks Paradise, I reckon any one of these items would make great gifts for a woman, or even a teenage daughter who enjoys going out in the evenings with her friends. The cheaper items would make great stocking fillers, and the more expensive items perfect gifts from caring family members or friends.Person Considering Buying the Kat Keychain11 months ago Anybody know how wide the eyes on that cat keychain are?mistyhorizon200311 months ago Sorry, no idea. Best bet is to email the sellers and ask the question. Wish I could be more help.muslima6111 months ago hi misty, i'm now in ur fan club, what a great hub.. most of these we cant carry but the personal alarm and wild cat keys we def. can here.soooo guess what im gonna buy....thanks so much for the advice !!:)mistyhorizon200311 months ago Really pleased you will carry something at least muslima61, best to be safe rather than sorry!ASHWINSPGA11 months ago I pity the guy who tries to attack a woman who is carrying all that. The stunt baton looks nasty. Very nice of you Miss Misty to take the time to write this hub to educate women about self defense. Great work... :=)mistyhorizon200311 months ago Thanks Ashwin, well in certain areas I woulds certainly want at least one of these gadgets to be on the safe side.Glad you thought this hub was okay :)hypnodude10 months ago This is very interesting misty, I've never knew about the stunning ring, really amazing. What do you think if I link this hub with my two hubs on Self Defence?mistyhorizon200310 months ago Sounds a great idea hypnodude, and if you send me the links I shall add them to my links section as well.hypnodude10 months ago Link added:) These are the url: http://hubpages.com/hub/Defend-yourself-and-remain and http://hubpages.com/hub/The-two-best-Self-Defense-Thanks and have a great holiday!mistyhorizon200310 months ago Hi Hypno, added the first one you listed here, but the 2nd came up as "That hub does not exist". I found it on your profile after a bit of searching when I realised you have changed the title since you originally published it. All added now.jeanie.stecher8 months ago I must have one of these. This self defense weapon does not require any skill, just pure guts and you'll be safe. Light weight and affordable. Just a good way to defend yourself and your loved ones.mistyhorizon20038 months ago Good logic Jeanie, I hope you do invest in one of these gadgets, it could save your life one day!captainchris7 months ago If you live in a state where concealed carrying is legal, I would definitely suggest going that route...mistyhorizon20037 months ago I totally agree Captainchris, thanks for the feedback.jeanie.stecher7 months ago There are some city / state that self defense weapons are considered legal. Those self protection devices are ideals for women. it will surely a great help.mistyhorizon20037 months ago Hi Jeanie, thanks for stopping by and commenting.Bryce Jackson6 months ago Pepper spray lipstick quite interesting.  I haven't seen that one before.  The new tasers for women are pretty handy.  You can find them on ExecutiveGunRunners.commistyhorizon20036 months ago Thanks for commenting Bryce.ufotud6 months ago hi misty thx for the addmistyhorizon20036 months ago You are welcome ufotud.PassinItAlong5 months ago Great hub. Also, knowing some basic self defense techniques can help you gain a sense of control when you get attacked. Easy victims are those who tend to panic, get confused and appear helpless. And, self defense techniques work best when they surprise your offender.mistyhorizon20035 months ago Thanks PassinItAlong, you are so correct, and I much appreciate the comment :)Anu0014 weeks ago Hi, came across this site while searching for information on latest products for self defense. My growing daughters carry pepper spays, but i am always concerned since these are kept in their bag. At the time of emergency it is not practical to dig into your bag and use it. Your hub is really helpful in considering other better options.mistyhorizon20034 weeks ago Thanks Anu001, I hope there is something more suitable on here for you to buy for your daughters.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites93mistyhorizon2003From Guernsey (Channel Islands)1081 Followers286 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by mistyhorizon2003Contact mistyhorizon2003Follow mistyhorizon2003Subscribe to mistyhorizon2003's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk mistyhorizon2003 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWill the Tea Party change the face of American politics?asked by SimeyC 3 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionWhy does my husband refuse to do anything around the house?asked by kmackey32 19 months ago17 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsHow to protect yourself ?by aanaedwardsSecurity Alarms and Neighborhood Surveillance Cameras +...by World-TravelerWitchcraft Basics:  Binding and Poppet Magicby PJ_DeneenBest Self Defense Techniques: How to Throw a Chin Jab and a...by hypnodudeSafety At University and College: Halls and Digsby fayehelenInitial Necklace Informationby Sehnonimo Consumer Electronics and Personal Gadgets ForumTopicRepliesI've found a way to make Hubpages articles on the iPad!posted by Danteh9Hubbers Poll: Will You Be Buying an iPad?posted by Going2Oahu60WePadposted by Beelzedad2Post a new topic38 more topics Tagswomen safety security gadgets pepper self defense Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.523 sec)  working