Mass Effect 2 ReviewHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsGames, Toys, and HobbiesComputer and Video GamesRoleplaying Video GamesMass Effect 2 ReviewMass Effect 2 Review64rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Anders FischerHave you ever been to a party where you didnt know anybody? Have you ever gone out with a friend and a group of his friends that youve never met? You know that awkwardness, that weirdness, those jokes you dont get and all those little nuances to their social dynamic you havent learned yet? Well, thats Mass Effect. As a sci-fi RPG made by a company whose only original fictional worlds have been fantasies  mostly traditional Medieval fantasies  it was a little awkward and a little weird and it didnt really get all those sci-fi nuances yet. So Mass Effect played it safe, rehashed a lot of recognizable ideas, old tropes, simple aesthetics and science-fiction standards. It wasnt trying to be the life of the party so much as it was trying to get through it without humiliating itself too badly. That it still managed to be as good as it was with as bland as it was is a real testament to the skill-sets Bioware brings to the table.And now they return to that party with Mass Effect 2, a whole different animal from its predecessor, brimming with new ideas and a whole mess of personality. Mass Effect 2 manages to recapture the essence of what made other Bioware games  both before and after the first Mass Effect  so enjoyable, reframe it all in that first games universe and then advance on and develop that universe, giving it heft and depth and infusing it with a vivacity that was lacking from its forebear. And although it suffers from some overreactions to the flaws of the first game, Mass Effect 2 manages to surpass it. And by seamlessly conflating its developers style with the rules and conventions of the genre it has chosen, it has become far more than just a good game; its the life of the party.One of the first things youll notice in Mass Effect 2 is that the art department has really upped their game this time around. The very first scene depicts a guy  referred to quite deliciously as the Illusive Man  with glowing eyes sitting in front of an outer space vista and smoking a cigarette, creating an atmosphere of what can only be described as sci-fi noir. And later youll find yourself on the space station Omega with its Eternity Lounge, an alien nightclub with giant projectors of dancing asari, flames along the walls and blaring music. And then still later youll end up on the ship of your enemy: huge and cavernous, mysteriously empty but ominous all the same. The universe of Mass Effect 2 is much more fun to explore than the original and while arguably a few too many worlds skew toward techno grunge visuals, most feel unique and alive and decidedly more interesting than before. See all 7 photosIt's like Martin Sheen in space! I wonder who voiced him...  The designers and writers do their parts too. In the first game, most of the worlds you visited  including main quest worlds  were just battle zones with no semblance of personality to them; and so planets like Feros and Virmire  while artistically distinct  had no real life or individuality because the only way you interacted with them was by ducking behind rocks and shooting at stuff (stuff not native to either world I might add). Here, most planets follow the Novaria rules of design, where they have a city hub outside combat zones where you can talk to people, buy stuff, pick up quests, eavesdrop on other conversations or listen to ads for space age beauty products, for an all elcor rendition of Hamlet and for movies entitled: Blasto: the First Hanar Specter. You have a chance now to just soak in the world, see what makes it work and then go duck behind rocks and shoot stuff. And it helps this universe feel a bit more cohesive that you actually visit worlds with relevance to galactic civilization, such as the krogan homeworld, the quarian flotilla and an asari free-market world that is not only brilliantly realized but also  *gasp*  socially relevant (Good God, its like were dealing with real sci-fi here). To be fair, that free-market stuff is really just backdrop and flavor, but its good flavor all the same. Blasto the Hanar Specter: "Prepare to be Enkindled!"   You travel to these worlds to gather a cadre of followers  most new, some familiar  in order to run a suicide mission through the ominously and appropriately named Omega 4 Relay to save humanity from the Collectors, who fill-in for the geth as the toadies of choice for the Reapers  ancient spaceship people that well, reap things. The Collectors are a neat little idea and are superior in just about every respect to their mechanized antecedents. Much has been said about how the first Mass Effect just harvested ideas out of other franchises and then stitched them together end-on-end and most of these claims are a tad spurious (Specters as Jedi, for example), but the geth are a race of religiously zealous robot people who forced the organic species that created them to abandon their homeworld and roam the galaxy in a fleet of ships; Im sorry, but you dont get more Cylon than that.But even moving past that, the Collectors still work better than the geth because the game takes its time to build some mystery around them instead of just flinging them at you the first chance it gets. Early in the game, all youll see of the Collectors are some grainy video stills and all youll know are rumors. Its much more evocative than: Robot people are attacking Eden Prime! Sadly, though, things go downhill after your first battle with these guys. Its entirely possible to figure out exactly what the Collectors are well before youre supposed to because one optional sidequest does everything but explicitly say it and then when you do get to the point where its explicitly stated, the revelation isnt treated nearly as momentous as it really should have been.But then the story here isnt really plot based so much as character based and that has its ups and downs. The good news is that the party you accrue this time around is much, much, much, much, much more interesting than before. With a broad range of forceful and compelling personalities, these guys feel more like the sorts of characters you would expect from a Bioware game, instead of the big mass of bland we got last time. The bad news is that by centering the story and gameplay on finding new party members, inevitably someone isnt going to come in until very late in the game. But this is only really a big issue with one character who is pretty much an event in himself, but isnt treated like one. This character should be a major turning point for the galaxy, but because he is almost guaranteed to be the last teammate you get, the significance of his very presence isnt related all that effectively and it ultimately feels like the game would have been better without him.But with that one exception this isnt a major concern because getting to know your party and getting to care about your party has been worked into the games largest and most interesting sidequests. In addition to finding and recruiting each party member, you have the option of helping them overcome their inner demons through loyalty missions. These are essentially character quests; every Bioware game has them. In fact, the first Mass Effect had some of the worst ones ever (Go to generic ship A to fetch generic armor B), but to make up for that Mass Effect 2 has really upped the ante and set a new standard for how interesting and elaborate these things can be. The objectives vary from out-and-out combat to attracting the attentions of a killer in a bar and luring her away, to trailing a politician in the rafters to discover his would-be assassin and many other things. Each one is different and each one offers some insight into their respective character and gives that character a chance to take center stage in the narrative for awhile. Its actually a common issue in Bioware games that several party members tend to fade into the background of the main story, but here  between their recruitment and their loyalty mission  each character has his own chance to shine and it gives you an opportunity to connect with them while still playing the game, as opposed to the usual approach of standing around the base and yakking at each other for thirty minutes. I feel closer already.  By playing the game, I of course mean exploring worlds, achieving goals and fighting things. Yes, in your epic quest to make new friends and reunite with old ones, you will invariably have to shoot a lot of people. Combat in this game is similar to the first, but with a few tweaks. The class system is largely intact  you have all the same classes and they all retain their previous balances of biotic powers, tech abilities and weapon skills  but now each class has a special unique power to maximize their play style. Gunplay has been adjusted to include an ammo system; the overheat/cool-down mechanic that stood-in for ammo in the first game has been replaced with modular heat sinks that you eject after so many shots. These heat sinks are universal and picking up new ones replenishes the ammo on any kind of gun (except heavy weapons), but different gun types have different maximum ammo limits, so you cant carry nearly as many shots for a sniper rifle as you can for an assault rifle. This encourages you to mix up your fighting style a bit, which is aided by the fact that you no longer have to level up weapon skills; you are immediately able to switch between any weapon your class can use with discrepancies in effectiveness related solely to your own skill.In fact, leveling-up has in itself been completely scaled down for greater efficiency. Every skill has only four tiers and each of your party members has only four skills (one of which has to be unlocked in loyalty missions) and your main character has maybe five or six, depending on class. Its all part of Biowares efforts to streamline the excessive clunkiness of the first game and in this case, it works well enough. In nearly every other case, howeverTake the equipment and weapon menus from the last game: you cant because theyre gone now. Completely. Theyre not refined, de-cluttered or retooled; theyre just gone. You can now only adjust your weapon loadout at special lockers, which more often than not means at your ship, not on the fly. You still lug around every weapon type your class can use; so you can switch between a shotgun and a pistol as you need to, but not between one shotgun and another. If you happen to find a new weapon in the field, it automatically replaces the one youre carrying. If, however, it turns out you preferred the old one, well then youre probably screwed until you finish your mission. But dont worry too much because the likelihood of you finding new weapons in the field is extremely slim, as there are only two or three different models for each gun type. So, thats a relief.Oh, but wait a minute, that would mean theres only about twenty guns in the whole flippin game! And some of these cant be used by your main character, some cant be found on all difficulties, some cant be found by all classes and some are rare models that are mutually exclusive with other rare models, so you cant have both in one file.Added limitations like this only get worse with party members, where the only control you have is over which of their two outfits they wear (and you have to unlock one of the outfits). I understand the desire to fix the Mass Effect menus, as they were almost amateurishly bad, but this is just surgery with a chainsaw. The removal of excess junk and some improvements to organization and functionality would have served that cause much better.The game does make up for this in other ways, though. Your weapon variety may be limited and the actual shooting mechanics dont hold up to other modern squad-based shooters (very few squad commands, no blind fire or ability to switch shoulder), but you are presented with a decent selection of objectives and enemies. Many factors determine how you engage your opponents, including species (krogans are beasts up close, for example, and can regenerate health), class, weapon and defenses. There are also three different criminal organizations with different stylized make-ups that require you to modify your approach as you go. Defenses range from basic health to armor, shields and biotic barriers, all with different vulnerabilities and strengths. One downside, though, is that the extreme prevalence of shields and armor tends to make your own biotic/tech powers useless (as those two defenses are immune to nearly every power); but on the plus side, the ammo types from before have become ammo powers that can be activated on the fly, have no limit to usage and can really offer an edge against different defenses.Speaking of defenses, the way you mange your own has undergone a bit of an overhaul. Even though you have no ability to adjust the squads armor, you are afforded a decent amount of customization for yours. You can acquire new armor pieces in stores that give you bonuses to various things like health, shields and damage and then you can return to your ship to customize the color scheme and design to make the armor look however you want it to look. Both Mass Effect and Knights of the Old Republic were criticized for the limited number of armor designs, many of which were considered sub-par, and this is the best possible fix for that: just let the player make the armor look however they want. Sadly, this does seem to come as a trade-off for the ability to switch your helmet on or off on a whim, but thats really just another problem with the lack of menus. Should I make a Queer Eye for the Space Guy joke here or not?  Combat is a lot of fun, but sometimes just sometimes violence isnt the answer, even in a videogame, and you have to use your words to move things along. The wheel interface and spoken dialogue of the first game make a triumphant return and theyre as efficient and manageable as ever, enabling some truly cinematic moments that few other games have been able to replicate. Sadly, the paragon and renegade meters also return, but they are at least given some semblance of a point this time, as the availability of charm and intimidate options hinges on your paragon and renegade scores, respectively, encouraging a degree of consistency in your chosen characterization. You also now have interrupts: on-screen cues that allow you to forcibly shift the conversation in a new direction or abruptly stop it with paragon or renegade actions. These are a welcome addition that help keep you involved in the action, but it is a shame that paragon and renegade interrupts only ever appear individually  never simultaneously  and that you are never given a choice between them.When youre done chatting up the populace or shooting them in the face, you can move on to a new world. The galaxy map is a bit more fun this time around because instead of getting a cursor and just pointing at planets, you take control of your ship  albeit your cursor-sized ship  and you fly it to different planets, between systems and through the mass effect relays that take you to different star clusters. Its a small, but nifty, innovation that actually lets you take part in the phenomenon for which the series is named.Sadly, another one of those misjudged fixes comes in the exploration of random planets. Remember the Mako? Remember how we all hated that clumsy, useless thing? Remember when we paid for DLC that turned out to be largely Mako-centric? Remember how we all just wanted them to dump that damn truck? Well, Bioware has listened. Theyve removed the Mako and replaced it with something much, much worse. Now you scan planets from orbit: slowly, monotonously going over every inch with a scanner so sluggish it makes Windows Vista look efficient. Your goal is to find veins of one of four resources and then launch a robot drone to mine it for you; and it is dull, agonizingly dull, but you have to do it. Mining resources allows you to upgrade weapons and armor, build new heavy weapons and modify your ship with components you need to beat the game properly. You also need to scan planets to discover sidequests that might be on the surface, theres no getting around it. For all our complaints, the Mako was at least dynamic; it at least put you in the center of the action and made you do something. It didnt just leave you holding down a button and staring at a graph. A GIF image of the planet scanner in real time.  But this games most interesting feature isnt in things it changed or added to the previous game, but rather in what it kept: namely, your character. When you start playing the game you have the option to import your character and choices from the first game, which places Mass Effect 2 firmly within that liminal no-place between sequel and expansion pack. This really should give weight to your decisions now because the idea was that your experience in the second game would be heavily dependent on your actions in the first. So, after beating the first game and hearing about this, we were all so excited to bring back our favorite iteration of Commander Shepard and find out what would become of our chosen romance, the Rachni queen, the events on Virmire and our decision at the end.Sadly, the answer to all of these is nothing. Your romance choice decides whose picture sits on your desk, the Rachni queen affects a small  and completely missable  cameo with an unnamed asari on Illium, the events on Virmire affect a brief cameo on Tuchanka and who yells at you on Horizon and your decision at the end affects a slight degree of pissiness on the Citadel. Some of these are things that really could have gone in interesting and manageable directions in this game and just didnt, but most are actually the result of a lack of foresight in the development of the first game. Some of the big choices just left too many open variables or affected things on too large a scale to manage. They had a grand vision, but came to realize in execution that they were reaching well beyond practicality. And thats okay; they tried and it didnt work. Lesson learned. Except that the lesson wasnt learned and Mass Effect 2 comes along and screws things up by throwing even more unnecessary variables into the mix.You already know the biggest one, it was one of the most touted features pre-release: depending on your choices in-game, you and all of your characters can potentially die. Now, lets be honest, this is a stupid idea for the second game in a TRILOGY. First of all, with all the emphasis on gathering the ultimate team, it stands to reason that these characters cant just fade into the background in the next game like most of the previous games characters have in this one (doing so could be argued as making most of the events of this game largely pointless) and so introducing the possibility that they might be dead just overcomplicates things. Either they all get sidelined, dead ones just dont reappear at all (which means individual characters cant be terribly important to the events of the next game because, you know, what if theyre not there?), their niche is filled with a placeholder character if they didnt make it (which always sucks) or the next game just decides that certain characters survived no matter what (which tends to make your involvement rather meaningless). Seriously, though, how awesome is this scene? Just look at it...  None of that is good, but likewise none of it compares to the possibility that the protagonist might be dead. Not only do all previous criticisms apply, but does anyone actually believe that playing through the third game with a character who isnt Shepard will be even vaguely interesting? There is one thing that makes this completely forgivable, though, and thats that it is unbelievably easy to sidestep your demise and save your party to boot (and by the way, its not really based on the choices you make, so much as how thorough you are in completing optional tasks). But this does bring up a question: why? Why make what will almost certainly prove to be a dead end path through the narrative? What could that possibly accomplish except to frustrate the six or so people who dont figure out how to survive and confound everybody else that avoided it?I suppose part of the reason can be seen in the fact that, as stated, this game really strives to make you care about the party you gather. And maybe one day its that quality that will sustain this game if in fact Mass Effect 3 does push these characters to the wayside. The ability to save them or fail them in the end will thus mean nothing in the long term, but the act itself will gain an intrinsic value that  resting as this game does in the shadow of its successor  it currently lacks. Essentially, its a safeguard. If these characters matter in the third game, then the value of the second game was in introducing them (ala Pirates of the Caribbean 2). If they arent important, then the fact that they can die stands on its own and makes this game meaningful all by itself.Still, most of that is speculative and since I doubt even Bioware knows what theyre doing in Mass Effect 3, its probably best to avoid thinking about how this game will factor into the trilogy (thats where madness comes from). In the meantime, Mass Effect 2 needs to be evaluated as the sequel to the first game and not as the lead-in to the third. In that respect, it holds up remarkably well. Its true that many of the problems with the first game remain problems with the second  although in a slightly modified form: Menus arent useful, but now its because they dont exist; planet exploration still sucks, but now it sucks in an exciting new way; and alien races still seem to all be unisex (Where are those female krogans and turiens we keep hearing about?). We may not have female models for most returning species, but we do get two new species added in... but only with male models.  But Mass Effect 2 does provide an interesting and lively galaxy to explore where every time you land on a planet you wait with eager anticipation of what you will find. No cookie-cutter bases, no multicolored wasteland worlds, this is a universe with personality, with confidence and with style. It gives us a story that manages to do what so many sequels fail to do and expand on the established threat without forcing the return of defeated enemies (I am firmly of the belief that Sylar should not have returned in the second season of Heroes and that Liquid Snake shouldnt have come back after Metal Gear Solid and dont even get me started on the hair-pullingly, teeth-grindingly, brain-explodingly excessive mess of recidivism that was Kingdom Hearts 2). And it gives us a cast of characters with flaws, emotions and real dramatic weight, characters that you get to know and characters that you care about. One day when Mass Effect is evaluated as a complete trilogy, this game may be shrugged off for its missteps or more likely for its inconsequentiality  as the second parts of trilogies usually are  but for right now, removed from the constraints of the series narrative, Mass Effect 2 stands brilliantly on its own.But Wait, There's More...Check out more movie and videogame reviews, as well as original short stories and articles, at The Fragmented Paradigm.www.fparadigm.comMass Effect 2 Collector's EditionAmazon Price: $160.00List Price: $39.99Mass Effect 2 Collectors' Edition: Prima Official Game GuideAmazon Price: $15.00List Price: $29.99Mass Effect: AscensionAmazon Price: $4.04List Price: $7.99Mass Effect: RetributionAmazon Price: $4.38List Price: $7.99Mass Effect: RevelationAmazon Price: $3.98List Price: $7.99vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Movie and Game Reviews: Repo Men ReviewMovie and Game Reviews: Paranormal Activity ReviewCommentsDavid 4706 months ago very nice review, I'm not sure how they are going to do the 3rd game since there are so many different outcomes even though its not hard for most to survive as long as you do what your supposed to for them.I do wish you could buy weapons in this game. There are some good weapons but i would of looked forward to going to different places and seeing ones to buy.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites91Anders Fischer18 Followers56 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Anders FischerContact Anders FischerFollow Anders FischerSubscribe to Anders Fischer's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Anders Fischer a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat are some good young adult/teen books (not Sci-Fi or fantasy)?asked by kaltopsyd 6 months ago8 answersAnswer this questionWhat are some good, free, online sci-fi stories?asked by Earl S. Wynn 6 weeks ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsHow to survive the suicide mission in Mass Effect 2by David 470Dragon Age: Origins Tips and Tricks: A Starting Guide for...by Len CannonBest PC Games - Open World RPG Games With Morality Systemby Suspect20Mass Effect Game Reviews - Mass Effect 3 - Mass Effect PC...by Play Free GamesGame Review: Mass Effect 2by FarkleBuy or Sell - Call of Duty : Black Ops for Xbox 360 ?by I am DB Cooper Roleplaying Video Games ForumTopicRepliesWho's played the new Final Fantasy Game? FF XIIIposted by SimeyC22Final Fantasyposted by theageofcake33Fallout New Vegas released this week!!!!posted by warchild758Post a new topic2 more topics Tagsreview xbox 360 aliens action sci-fi rpg Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.331 sec)  working