Congresswoman on Sarah Palin's Target List // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 203Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 36Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 69Corporations or politicians hurting America? 11The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 08, 2011| 200 commentsCongresswoman on Sarah Palin's Target ListAn error occurred while setting up video display.elsonwvu added thisCongresswoman Gabrielle Giffords was one of twenty House members that were placed on SarahPAC's hit list of Health Care Reform supporters.The image from her website says, "We've diagnosed the problem... Help us prescribe the solution"  The districts of the twenty house members are marked by targets.http://www.takebackthe20.com/ groups:News tags:Sarah Palin,tea party,Right Wing,Right wing extremists,Tea Party Movement,Gabrielle Giffords 2 morerecommended by:Vierotchka |200 comments// Congresswoman on Sarah Palin's Target Listhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+1randallr01Goodbye, Sarah Palin. It's high time your "career" comes to an end. 2 hours agoflag  reply0neocongoPalin's twitter remark accompanying the facebook map:  "Don't retreat, reload!" 3 hours agoflag  reply+1figgdimensionIf we can't discuss different views even extreme ones together and with understanding and openness we are all doomed to a violent and tragic end ,...it does not have to be this way we need to let those with ideas concerns and differing views in to the forum were we can 'all discuss and evolve through these interactions it is these forums where we conquer the worm of fear and death , and rise above are human existence these things will continue as long as we come from places of ignorance violence and rhetoric , What side it comes from makes no difference it is against us from the inside homegrown hate...we've seen this many times many forms its a loss of hope and unity loss of art & beauty of education intellectualism and the great ideas that have driven the world forward liberal and conservatives all have contributed we are e pluribis unum  we live and die together we share hopes, fears and many things we at these times must draw closer together as a people not draw away and sink back into the dark. We are all Americans & world citizens time to be the shepards we claim all over this world to be  and start by tending our flock right here at home obviously theres a serious break down internally as a people . No time for rhetoric and hate only understanding and hope! Peace for all! 4 hours agoflag  reply0perrodiablo  figgdimension:Nicely put, but there is no way in the world I am following these shepherds.  I'll take my chances with unknown wolves.  If it were not for the weather, if they would have me, I liked living in Canada.  No place in Europe was as nice.  They are pretty mellow up there when I worked with them.  Did not meet many extremists.  No lack of freedom, can get a gun if I want.  Can worship, or not worship if I want.  Where I want.  Can say what I want.  Health care.  It is good care too.  I honestly think we watch too much TV and movies here.  I understand a desire for small unobtrusive government.  I don't understand the fear.  I don't understand the hate.  Our country invests in the wrong infrastructure and that human beings are a part of the infrastructure.  We understand we have to paint the Golden Gate Bridge.  We do not understand that people require health care and educational opportunities.  I have lots of old broken bones, don't do well on snow.  Maybe hell is not as hot as we think.  This place is crazy.  The Polar bear was smarter than my boss too.  Smelled better too.  This used to be the greatest country.  When we pledged our allegiance to this country, it's people, it's stated values.  I can't pledge allegiance to multinational corporations.  I can't accept the notion that corporations have the rights of the individual, and limited liability.  While the individual has to cede rights to multinational corporations with no loyalty to my people.  The individual carries all the obligations.  Governments and corporations (redundant, I know)  Do not have to respect the rights or property of the individual. 4 hours agoflag  reply+2figgdimensionits the fact that we don't support kids or young adults in opening up and explaining there views giving them an open forum to discuss these paradox's in society and our lack of real education and mental health shows in these type of incidents... Its all ou rfaults  when these kids slip through the widening cracks be aware could be your dope smoking metalhead kid next so wake up and stop playing the blame game you lookin for a scape goat look in the mirror patriots 8 hours agoflag  reply+2coolplanetHave we forgotten the anthrax attacks of 2001 that targeted democratic politicians?And how about those incinerating packages last week sent to democrats? 8 hours agoflag  reply0perrodiablo  coolplanet:Evan Maloney the Republican filmmaker got conked pretty good by lefty signs at a rally, it does go both ways.  Although I have not seen too many Dems packing heat at Town Halls.  I don't know if they are compensate for not being hung or what.  Whether Palin has any direct responsibility, that is the problem.  Virgil Earp got rid of guns in town a long time ago. 7 hours agoflag  reply+3southrabbitSarah Palin sounds like a domestic terrorist. 8 hours agoflag  reply+1southrabbitSounds like high treason to me. 8 hours agoflag  reply-4ayipishttp://www.thedailybeast.com/blogs-and-stories/2011-01-08/jared-lee-loughner-det..."While few details about Loughner have been confirmed, some unsettling YouTube videos filmed just weeks ago have been attributed to him. One video consists of a mix between delusional rants and harrowing warnings. After explaining his opposition to what he calls treasonous laws, he goes on to write, In conclusion, reading the second United States Constitution, I cant trust the current government because of the ramifications: The government is implying mind control and brainwash on the people by controlling grammar. He continues No! I wont pay debt with a currency thats not backed by gold and silver! No! I wont trust in God!In early October, Laughner allegedly posted an eerie video in which he, wearing a trash bag and a hoodie and a giant mask, sets an American flag on fire, with the song Bodies by Drowning Pool playing in the background."***yeap one of those DOPED UP LIBERAL disgruntled obama supporter** 10 hours agoflag  reply+1ozoneocean  ayipis:You think Liberals are against taxes and the government?????????????Ha... hahaha... Just keep posting away. Anything to stop you picking up a gun dude. 9 hours agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  ayipis:ayipis on myself, you still haven't figured out he is a Libertarian have you! 9 hours agoflag  reply-3ayipishttp://www.ktla.com/news/landing/ktla-jared-lee-loughner-profile,0,3468158.story"One former high school friend Tweeted about knowing the accused gunman:"He was a pot head and into rock, like Hendrix, The Doors, Anti-Flag," she wrote. "I haven't seen him in person since 2007 in a sign language class. As I knew him he was left wing, quite liberal and oddly obsessed with the 2012 prophecy. He had a lot of friends until he got alcohol poisoning in 2006 and dropped out of school. Mainly a loner, very philosophical."Also on his YouTube page were several ranting videos. In one, Loughner wrote: "If you call me a terrorist then the argument to call me a terrorist is Ad hominem. You call me a terrorist. Thus, the argument to call me a terrorist is Ad hominem."*********i pretty much described everybody in this site..LOLKIDS STOP SMOKING DOPE.... 10 hours agoflag  reply+1figgdimension  ayipis:dope doesn't kill  alienated kids do! 8 hours agoflag  reply+1DogBoyHer hit list is actually  her's party's hidden agenda made public. 11 hours agoflag  reply+1csmonutPointing fingers and saying it was somebody elses fault, just does not cut it.  The guy that did it is a nut-job. Pretty doubtful it was drugs. Druggies are not generally the "get me a gun and kill a bunch of people" type. They're too busy trying to score their next high. The Tea Party did not pull the trigger. Neither did Beck or any other talk show host.What they DID do, and do every time they appear on TV or open their mouth, is help to fuel the fire by the inuendos and "just maybe's" they spew every day. They help to fuel the racism in this country, which is alive and well, by the way. They help to bring to fruition idealogy that says the earth is 6,000 years old. They help fan the flames against this administration or anyone who may agree with it. Keep the fires burning, keep the ratings up. They are ENTERTAINERS. They do not really care about this country or the people in it. Ratings and paychecks are what counts. The ratings MUST be kept up, and if this means bowing to the news medias ever increasing, 15 second sensational soundbites, then so be it.Facts are NOT important. Ratings are.People are NOT important.Ratings are. Responsible actions are NOT important.Ratings are. Real news is boring and people will tune out. 15 second sensational soundbites keep the ratings up. Matters not whether it is a fact. Just keep the ratings up.Free speech is very important in a free society.But along with that free speech comes responsibility. Rights require responsibility. Not to just yourself, but to the people at large.Words, written or spoken, can be a very powerful force. 12 hours agoflag  reply0DogBoy  csmonut:Agreed. The 4th Estate can get a bit too ratings oriented while the 1st and 2nd Estates have become magicians and illusionists 11 hours agoflag  reply-2TheAmericanPatriotFLASHBACKS: Media Blame Tea Party for Leftist Crimeshttp://current.com/news/92908839_flashbacks-media-blame-tea-party-for-leftist-cr... 16 hours agoflag  reply+1figgdimension  TheAmericanPatriot:Fox is rotting your brain if you have any left 8 hours agoflag  reply0TheAmericanPatriot  figgdimension:Is that all you got. Sounds like you brains has been rotted if all you can do is parokeet your Peeps 7 hours agoflag  reply0bike10Noting like Palin power. 16 hours agoflag  reply0Varex_SytheAwww, the link isn't working for me.:*( 18 hours agoflag  reply0csmonut  Varex_Sythe:That is because the site was taken down. Within about 2 hours of the shootings. 12 hours agoflag  reply+5gerardangeMichael Moore :If a Detroit Muslim put a map on the web w/crosshairs on 20 pols, then 1 of them got shot, where would he b sitting right now? Just asking. 18 hours agoflag  reply-3TheAmericanPatriot  gerardange:Oops This guy should of read my post below. 18 hours agoflag  reply0Nephwrack  gerardange:he didn't you libertardian. 18 hours agoflag  reply-4TheAmericanPatriot  Nephwrack:I'm a Democrat 18 hours agoflag  reply-8TheAmericanPatriotThe guy was a pothead. This  seems to be the cause not Sarah PalinIn an interview with The Associated Press, Wiens also said Loughner used to speak critically about religion. He also talked about how he liked to smoke pot.http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20110109/ap_on_re_us/us_congresswoman_shot_gunman 20 hours agoflag  reply+2tommic  TheAmericanPatriot:Thats a retarded analogy pot and violence..  I have to laugh its so stupid. Where did you learn your skill set   Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney??  Carefully culling statements to articulate your point. Please if your the only one SO stupid to believe that the reason he shot someone or mulitple people was pot your totally fucking insane. His problems were WAY deeper than that..   Go have another martini you mental midget 17 hours agoflag  reply-3TheAmericanPatriot  tommic:Maybe it was Palin then. Do you like that idea? 16 hours agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  TheAmericanPatriot:The guy also drank water and breathed air - so that must also be the cause... 12 hours agoflag  reply0bklynkid  TheAmericanPatriot:Maybe he stopped smoking pot? Who wants to deal with cops and a shooting when high? 12 hours agoflag  reply+2Incredulous  TheAmericanPatriot:boy you sound familiar...can't quite put my finger on who you remind me of, but checking your profile, it looks like you showed up just about the same time that very familiar voice disappeared.Oh Kenny....I think we found him. 12 hours agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  Incredulous:What, me worry? 11 hours agoflag  reply0freecrack  TheAmericanPatriot:ya really want to link pot to this, i mean really?why not make him cia while you are at it if your framework for relative thought is that liberal 11 hours agoflag  reply+1freecrack  bklynkid:who wants to do anything aggresiive while high? 11 hours agoflag  reply+1bklynkid  freecrack:Not me man, I don't even like the grocery store while high. 10 hours agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  Incredulous:Your probably right! Although I see ayipis on myself has shown up again. 9 hours agoflag  reply+1figgdimension  TheAmericanPatriot:yea right... pot heads killing people are you deranged... You obviously have no idea how easy it is to change things in the web to say whatever you want get a grip Americanfascist 8 hours agoflag  reply+1figgdimension  TheAmericanPatriot:you talk about this killer as if he was understandable or that his political beliefs should make sense do you do this to  all crazy gunmen that kill innocents or just when you think it confirms your unfounded conjecture about Leftist thought  . All fanatics are just that fanatic not unlike yourself I'm sure thats prob. why you think you understand him ...Hey. it takes one to know one ...right?! 8 hours agoflag  reply0jahbini  freecrack:Like these guys? -- http://www.wanttoknow.info/ 8 hours agoflag  reply+2PressCore  freecrack:http://Current.comJust a guess, of course. But if you had asked me your question, I would have replied it's the people who've not properly evolved into the mind set of mammals which is where most of us hopefully are at. Over the past 1 Million years since after the dinosaurs were extinguished, but before homo erectus walked the Earth, the origins of humans started with a reptile & limbic brain. I don't mean to sound anti social, especially on a social news community like Current.com,  but I've seen & heard a lot of people who are as cold blooded, and hyper aggressive as reptiles in the general public. Cannabis is classified in the sedative/anesthetic/hypnotic substances. Though Cannabis, per se, isn't toxic like alcohol is, you can't count on it making everyone laid back and peaceful. For those who aren't well ordered from within, don't have good habits in place already to restrain themselves, and are given to violent aggression,it will only undermine their inhibitions. I've seen others chaotic & anarchistic, on it.I've seen it make some very hyper aggressive, and wild. Cannabis enhances the natural mind set for everyone. For those who want to relax, and use it to enhance their appreciation of music/cinema, it will do that. For those who are action oriented, it will do exactly that. While they're buzzed, it will only accentuate what they're motivated to do. It's thus obviously reckless and irresponsible for Prohibition to exist with it's policy of 0 tolerance and drug wars the FBI uses to proliferate their oppression. If Cannabis were legally regulated under the medical statutes of each State, it might be more difficult for hyperaggressive, violent, psychotics like the shooter to obtain it and use it to go off the deep end. If you research the Historical lore before Prohibition, you'll find that J.Edgar Hoover & Anslinger had a political agenda to use Congress to institute Prohibition in 1937 based on the Persian legend of Omar Kyam vs the " Hashishins ". It's where we derive the word " assassin ". As Albert Einstein told us: " A little bit of knowledge is dangerous, but a lot of knowledge is even more dangerous " Peace. To all who have a mammal brain,even more Peace... 7 hours agoflag  reply0TheAmericanPatriot  freecrack:Ah of course Attack me but have YOu said anything to the douchbags blaming Palin? 7 hours agoflag  reply0PressCore  Vierotchka:True. If he weren't alive he couldn't have pulled the trigger of a loaded gun. 6 hours agoflag  reply+1PressCore  Incredulous:Triangulating with GPS now. 6 hours agoflag  reply0perrodiablo  PressCore:Done some reading, but my information is more from empirical evidence.  Cannabis, by itself,  has always eliminated aggressive action.   Seen some real vociferous behavior in combination.  I suspect he was on something that works brain chemicals or some street dummy drug or just taking it wrong.  Or the only substance the braincells actually absorb other than water.  Alcohol.  He ain't crazy if has indeed lawyered up.  Good post. 6 hours agoflag  reply0perrodiablo  TheAmericanPatriot:Generally if someone is shot, and you have a video of them exhibiting fear over something a person has done, it is logical to look at that person seriously. Perhaps even with a bit of trepidation.  The congresswoman had been vandalized and had people showing up armed to what should be a rational discussion.  Palin did play a part in at least cheering on that activity with targets and "death panel" demagoguery .   No one can make the rational argument it had even a indirect affect on the shooting without more evidence.   People have been handed a very irrational situation and you are expecting completely rational reaction.    If you expect people to accept  Palin's aggressive brush off pitch, you can take a spitball thrown at you.  It was politics, it was a fan that charged the pitcher's mound. 6 hours agoflag  reply0lifestudentno83  Vierotchka:I agree. Everyone who drinks water and breathes air should be shot on suspicion of murder. 3 hours agoflag  reply+1keithponderCongresswoman on Sarah Palin's Target List ?=====================================================I see that you changed the thread's title.GET IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME NEXT TIME. This ain't the funny papers. 21 hours agoflag  reply+3StoneyroadTea Party made a video to mock her grammer and prove they don't use swastikas in their protest signs. Sure they put Giffords face on a milk carton and said she loves socialism, but no swastikas. take that lamestream media.Signs at anti Gifford tea party rally  -"if you won't listen to us you can't represent us""Gabby youre Fired!""Gabby loves communism""If Nancy Pelosi were here i'd tell that Smirky-Faced Bitch where to go" 23 hours agoflag  reply-12TheAmericanPatriot  Stoneyroad:Ha Ha it is too funny. You are the biggest tool on here. Ignorant moron! 23 hours agoflag  reply+8Stoneyroad  TheAmericanPatriot:You have only been on current for 8 hours.You may wanna take a little more time to decide who the biggest tool here is.By skimming your comments i can see you are just here to tell everyone what "ignorant" "dummies" we all are. I don't mind being insulted, but If you are gonna become an everyday current user please buy a thesaurus.Yours Truely ~ ~ Dumb Ignorant Tool 22 hours agoflag  reply-12TheAmericanPatriot  Stoneyroad:I was here for a few minutes and I was already being called ignorant and stupid by the Leftist on here. I make a point and you just helped out, so I thank you. And now you know why you are the biggest tool on here that I have met so far. I hope you have a great new year.  So, for the leftist who called me ignorant and stupid earlier, stoneyroad would like you to get a thesaurus and I would have to agree with him/her. 22 hours agoflag  reply+5Stoneyroad  TheAmericanPatriot:i'm just glad someone as ignorant and leftist as myself could help make a point for a real american patriot like you. (what is your point?) 22 hours agoflag  reply+2Itsbatman_Durr  Stoneyroad:lol 20 hours agoflag  reply-4TheAmericanPatriot  Stoneyroad:I thank you but I totally forgot what the point was on this post. 19 hours agoflag  reply+1figgdimension  TheAmericanPatriot:like I said takes one to know one AmericanPattycake 8 hours agoflag  reply+3StoneyroadPalin is not the only one to put a Target on Giffordshttp://www.autostraddle.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/aakelly048c1.png(above pic)On June 12th, 2010, Giffords 2010 Congressional opponent Jesse Kelly held an event advertised as  - Get on Target for Victory in November Help Remove Gabrielle Giffords from office, Shoot a fully automatic M15 with Jesse Kelly. Although the event has since been removed from Kellys website, the Arizona Daily Stars account remains: - Scroll Down to " All Guns All the Time "http://azstarnet.com/news/local/govt-and-politics/elections/article_349e18b8-ec6... 23 hours agoflag  reply+8jeffissleepingEvery single one of 'em is implicitly responsible for not denouncing these sentiments out of the gate...Dozens if not hundreds of conservatives are culpable in these murders. 24 hours agoflag  reply-8TheAmericanPatriot  jeffissleeping:Sounds like you got your self a case, Yowzers 23 hours agoflag  reply-4Itsbatman_Durr  jeffissleeping:and now that it has come out that he was a liberal who attacked the congresswoman for voting against pelosi, what do you have to say? 20 hours agoflag  reply+4jeffissleeping  Itsbatman_Durr:If I wasn't laughing at your ignorance, I'd be crying at your ignorance. This was a revenge killing stemming from the loss of Tea Party candidate Jesse Kelly.Your love of classifying everything into FNC talking points is telling...Go out and read something other than Drudge and Breitbart. 19 hours agoflag  reply-3Itsbatman_Durr  jeffissleeping:actually it is being reported on MSNBC. god you are feeling dumb now, but its ok, just learn for the next time to not jump to conclusions and think before you type, and partisan sniping never solved anything 19 hours agoflag  reply+2jeffissleeping  Itsbatman_Durr:Oh, MSNBC....in that case...i'm sooo sorry. I repent my previous statement and trust that all liberals are murderous socialists.I've seen the err of my ways....praise Jesus!!! 19 hours agoflag  reply-2Itsbatman_Durr  jeffissleeping:i am not saying either. you are one of the many here who leap to conclusions and run with them blindly all due to being an all too willing puppet in the game of partisan sniping. and yes i am leaping to a conclusion there, but at least mine is based on your own actions, as opposed to the half cocked ones that are all over this site today 19 hours agoflag  reply+2jeffissleeping  Itsbatman_Durr:hmm, i'd say my partisan sniping is a honed skill forced upon me by liars from the religious right over my lifetime and it's only an observation....however, i'm sure we can have a beer or five in real life and find a perfectly bipartisan ground...actually...i'm sure of it...but...attempted murders on political grounds just bring the prejudices of "that side" prominently into focus, ya know? 18 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  jeffissleeping:yeah i stopped reading after beerslets go! 18 hours agoflag  reply0jeffissleeping  Itsbatman_Durr:LOL :) 18 hours agoflag  reply+5hombre76So what are the facts here? 1. The intended victim is a Democratic Congresswoman 2. The gunman was certainly anti government3. The rightwing of this country has made many arguments that there is a danger that the Democratic party intends to enact legislation that will mortally undermine the US. Given  these facts one can logically conclude that the gunman ( while not a card-carrying republican/Tea Bagger)  may have been encouraged and incited by the rhetoric from the rightwing mouth pieces who spew their conspiracy theories to an obviously susceptible minority of the populations. This is exactly the type of behavior that the right and Tea Baggers assured the American public would not happen as a result of their constant vitriolic language. Obviously they were not telling the truth or they were just plain, stupid, wrong. 1 day agoflag  reply-8TheAmericanPatriot  hombre76:More ignorant spam, you can't be that proud of this. Did ya type it yourself? 23 hours agoflag  reply+4hombre76  TheAmericanPatriot:HAY! RETARD! Go away Intelegent people are talking here. 21 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  hombre76:actually it is now being reported everywhere that he was a liberal left winger who was angry that the congresswoman voted against pelosiso i guess that makes you the stupid wrong one, hmm? 20 hours agoflag  reply+1Varex_Sythe  Itsbatman_Durr:You are correct, it is being reported that he was a liberal, four years ago.  The information that this guy was a liberal is coming from a person knew the shooter four years ago in high school.  The shooter has since been rejected from the Army, and for a liberal he has some very odd views about federal government followed up by a few conspiracies about how the government is mind-controlling/brain washing it's citizens.This guy does not really seem to fit into the basic liberal or conservative corner.  He just seems like a nut who is malleable and/or easily influenced. 18 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Varex_Sythe:yeah i agree he is just a whacked out punk who let the internet do his thinking for him in all likelihood. probably never get a straight answer out of him about a damn thing, and meanwhile a 9 year old and 5 other people are dead because this idiot was confused about which way he should have point the gun before pulling the trigger, and aimed it out instead of up and under his jaw 18 hours agoflag  reply-1cmdinc  hombre76:using your same thought process we can blame the democrats for the weather underground? 13 hours agoflag  reply0ozoneocean  Varex_Sythe:Not liberal or conservative = libitarian...People seem to have forgotten about them for some reason... 9 hours agoflag  reply0ozoneocean  Itsbatman_Durr:Actually as I've seen it, one friend said she though he was left wing in 2006-07 maybe and the Pelosi stuff is from an unrelated blog posting that has nothing to do with this loughlin kid. 9 hours agoflag  reply+2SamuraiDavethat a young impressionable youth carried this out does not surprise me. It has happened before and it will happen again. This is why Palin is indirectly responsible for the irresponsible way she presented the above info 1 day agoflag  reply-6TheAmericanPatriot  SamuraiDave:Please explain your case further. Was he a Palin fan or something? Google me ha ha ignorant as they get 23 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  SamuraiDave:he wa a liberal who was angry that she voted against pelosi. now what. 20 hours agoflag  reply0TheAmericanPatriot  SamuraiDave:Crickets again 7 hours agoflag  reply+1WolfspadeYou know what? Fuck that cunt! She has her date with Karma! Sarah Palin, put me on your list Bitch! 1 day agoflag  reply0Aaron_BrutusYou guys watch way to much television. . . 1 day agoflag  reply+1lj111LOOK INTO HER EYES AND SEE IF YOU SEE WHAT I SEE. 1 day agoflag  reply-2cmdincAccording to a HS friend the shooter was a left wing liberal...so lets blame Palin....morons.  Even if it is true i in no way would blame all left wingers.  Somewhat describes the difference between the left and right though. 1 day agoflag  reply+3thedirtman  cmdinc:Do you believe your HS friend that he is a liberal?  Everything in his website comments says that he is anarchist - anti-government all the way - not liberal at all. Someone told you something entirely untrue and you believed it.  I think that says something about the difference between the left and right. 1 day agoflag  reply-5TheAmericanPatriot  thedirtman:Yeah, the left really seemed Pro-government during the Bush years. They are only pro now because their guy is in charge. Don't be so ignorant and stupid. 24 hours agoflag  reply+1NickerBocker09  TheAmericanPatriot:Its not that they arent pro-government during different peoples reigns. its that they are pro-government on certain issues and have a difference philosophy about government. 21 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  thedirtman:lol he also said he was angry at the congresswoman for voting against pelosi last weekso are we to take his own words for it now, or believe all of those here that want to still blame palin? 20 hours agoflag  reply0cmdinc  thedirtman:check the news friend.  It wasn't a friend of mine, it was classmate of his.  you missed my point though, to blame the left or the right for this incident is simply moronic 13 hours agoflag  reply+2CalgarCpalin is fucking retarded... 1 day agoflag  reply-3TheAmericanPatriot  CalgarC:You don't sound all there kiddo. What kind of comment is that. Torretzz? 23 hours agoflag  reply+2thedirtmanPalin's facebook page has this:"My sincere condolences are offered to the family of rep. Gabrielle Giffords and the other victims of today's tragic shooting in Arizona. On behalf of Todd and my family, we all pray for the victims and their families, and for peace and justice." 1 day agoflag  reply+4Saladin  thedirtman:At least she offered condolences, she gains a point in my book for that. Still, I bet she must be feeling pretty shitty about that ad campaign now. 1 day agoflag  reply+1thedirtman  Saladin:It's the right place to start.  I agree.  We will all be looking forward to her explanation. 1 day agoflag  reply+3emarston  thedirtman:She got what she wanted, deep down she knows that she had a voice in this. 23 hours agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  Saladin:She also hurriedly removed that map and other statements encouraging violence and killings such as "Take Back the 20!" and, "Don't Retreat, Instead - RELOAD!" from her facebook and twitter pages, and other websites. 12 hours agoflag  reply0Saladin  Vierotchka:That makes sense though, it would be pretty awful if she kept those up after the shooting. 4 hours agoflag  reply+4thedirtmanJust last month I was complaining here of all the lies told about my Arizona representative Ann Kirkpatrick and the flood of money used to defeat her in her reelection.  Now, I am realizing all those lies and the naivety of my district might have saved her life.  What we have going on in America is wicked beyond all belief. 1 day agoflag  reply+7ny007nyIf she has nothing to be sorry for why did she run like a sneak and remove the map from her website right after the shooting?Guilty much?http://www.youtube.com/ny007ny 1 day agoflag  reply+2Nephwrack  ny007ny:her lawyer probably made her do it. 24 hours agoflag  reply+2ny007nyIf she has nothing to be sorry for why did she run like a sneak and take this off of her site after the shooting? Feeling guilty much? ;)http://www.youtube.com/ny007ny 1 day agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  ny007ny:thats absurd. 1 day agoflag  reply+9kennymotownHey, has anyone noticed ayipis hasn't been around the site for 8 hours!http://current.com/users/ayipis.htm 1 day agoflag  reply+2madjik68  kennymotown:Not until now!  /snicker/snicker 1 day agoflag  reply+7kennymotown  madjik68:When something like this happens, it's our responsibility to take a head count of our crazy's! 1 day agoflag  reply+4Jake_Leonard  kennymotown:But it's a risky maneuver, to discriminate and define who is crazy, and who is not. While ayipis is largely deviant, I hate to make assumptions and toss mud.I don't mean to preach; I just try to keep tabs on all sides and make sure we don't become hypocrites. Too often in history were people falsely sent to their deaths for mere accusations and social or cultural deviance rather than true guilt (witches, heretics, etc). While I strongly disagree with pretty much everything Ayipis says, we have to be the better individual, right? 1 day agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  Jake_Leonard:I don't think your preaching and your right about false accusations but where is he? 1 day agoflag  reply+6CalgarC  kennymotown:hes getting his tooth replaced... 1 day agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  CalgarC:Now that's two pair of pants I've had too change! Come on guys. 1 day agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  CalgarC:lol 1 day agoflag  reply0Jake_Leonard  kennymotown:Don't get me wrong, I'm definitely curious... 1 day agoflag  reply+2emarston  kennymotown:no kidding... he could at least say hi. 23 hours agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  emarston:I'm sure he won't say hi, cause he is hi! 23 hours agoflag  reply+1Varex_Sythe  kennymotown:Ok, now I'm curious because this article has been up for how long and he hasn't made a politically, racially, or gender oriented blathering statement.Is there something about this topic that scared him off, or is he actually taking a break for some reason IRL? 18 hours agoflag  reply+1emarston  Varex_Sythe:Being detained?....lol 18 hours agoflag  reply0Varex_Sythe  emarston:... I'll keep that option open as a possibility. 18 hours agoflag  reply0CalgarC  Itsbatman_Durr:i still want to know who knocked out his old one... 16 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  CalgarC:i think it was ralph nader 16 hours agoflag  reply+1Incredulous  kennymotown:reincarnated kenny...keep looking, you'll recognize him. 12 hours agoflag  reply+2Vierotchka  Incredulous:Yep, confirming the saying that patriotism is the last refuge of scoundrels... 11 hours agoflag  reply-4Itsbatman_Durrso his favorite book was the communist manifestoyup sounds like a palin fan for sure/sarcasm 1 day agoflag  replyItsbatman_Durr  NickerBocker09:This comment was removed by its owner.0NickerBocker09  Itsbatman_Durr:Yeah I finally found it. Apologies and thankyou for showing me. 24 hours agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  NickerBocker09:np.. and i dont mean to imply it means fuck or all, i mean this guy so far is just a nut that didnt need anyone to point him into his nuttery. and i hate defending that freakin withch palin, i just hate that she seems to be the quick target for propaganda that blurs the real issues 24 hours agoflag  reply0bike10One more example of Palin Power. 1 day agoflag  reply+6SaladinClearly Palin didn't organize hits on various Democrat Congresspeople across the country. And in that sense she's not responsible.But you'd have to do some real mental gymnastics to not see a connection between violent right-wing rhetoric, crosshairs on the person and a deranged person who takes these peoples' words as gospel.Aside from just being disgusting, it's completely irresponsible to put up something like that. If these people have any dignity at all, they'll apologize and stop doing this borderline incitement to violence shit.Seriously, when is it ever appropriate to put your political opponents in crosshairs? 1 day agoflag  reply0andreii  Saladin:Hah like they'll apologize... 1 day agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  Saladin:so now that it appears the shooter was a fringe left wingnut, how does that fit in your theory? 1 day agoflag  reply+1Saladin  Itsbatman_Durr:No, it now appears that he was off-the-wall fucking crazy as shit.His youtube stuff is rather disturbing. 1 day agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  Saladin:so basically because palin has no connection at all to this guy and simply had a tacky stage prop, she is responsible, but the fact that this nut lists the communist manifesto as his fave book and his myspace and other internet forums all spew fringe left wing nuttery doesnt mean anything?double standards abound..and no i dont think the liberal left wing had fuck all to do with this, but its crazy how quick to swoop in and blame palin so many here were. dont you all realize thats falling into the trap of fighting each other over false labels and ignoring the real issues? 1 day agoflag  reply+1NickerBocker09  Itsbatman_Durr:communism isnt left wing, and neither is anarchism. Go back to Politics 101."Mein Kampf," "The Communist Manifesto," "Peter Pan" and "The Republic."Not exactly liberal but if you wanna call it that then okay keep doin that. This guy was a nut. The investigators and sheriff are saying its the volatile media that probably pushed him. Maybe this will be a turning point in our horrible media. Its gotten way overboard. 24 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  NickerBocker09:i kindly refer you to:http://www.lawrence.edu/sorg/objectivism/socfasc.htmlbut yeah this guy was a nut, and for all we know he wanted to kill the judge, appointedf by bush, or the nine year old, or noone and just needed the event to get the most attention that his bus card allowed him to travel to. the point is this thread is based on lies and flawed logic seeking to blame or at least lay some responsibility on palin when in fact so far there are many links pointing in the opposite direction, and none pointing at her, and i feel it is just more of the same static that those in actual power love to perpetuate, having us label and pick sides and then snipe at the perceived other side so we dont focus on the actual issues or tha fact that we are all the victims who are being hoodwinked 24 hours agoflag  reply0Nephwrack  Saladin:yeah i watched it for about 3 minutes and it felt like i was taking crazy pills. maybe in the dark ages they were right about insanity being contagious. 24 hours agoflag  reply-2Itsbatman_Durr  Saladin:nactually it is now being reported he was a hard core liberal and this week was telling people he wanted to get the congresswoman for voting against pelosi as house leader 20 hours agoflag  reply0Saladin  Itsbatman_Durr:It doesn't matter what it's reported as dude.Look at how he fucking talks, he's completely bonkers.People like that don't believe anything. Forming coherent sentences is sort of a prerequisite to political belief systems. 4 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Saladin:lol lord i wish that were true but judging from some at current, coherent speech doesnt seem to be a prereq for much but i agree, he was a whack with a variety of seemingly contradictory beliefs, none of which were responsible for this. which is why those who jumped on the chance to blame palin and her crew of idiots annoyed me so, adding to the static instead of searching for an answer, using tragedy as political ammunition to snipe at others 4 hours agoflag  reply0CitizenHillA tragic  event, no matter the reason - yet the implication here is intentionally specious and totally disingenuous, and nothing less than partisan hate mongering. Voted down! 1 day agoflag  reply0antisocialnetworker  CitizenHill:Despite all the arguements saying this site in no way has anything to do with this, I like how the website has been taken down before I could see it for myself... 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  CitizenHill:i agree 1 day agoflag  reply-6ParatusYou guys trying to pin this on Palin are so pathetic that you would even go there.  You know that Palin does not incite assination against those who support Obama but will stop at nothing to fuel your hatred of anything not in your camp.  Pitiful.  " ....brought before Congress to tell us about her little hit list."  How sad and pitiful is that. 1 day agoflag  reply+5AJILIVIZION  Paratus:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2yzRvNQo_UAnyone that wants to dismiss the possibility that Senator's Giffords attempted assassination has anything to do with Sarah Palin is beyond pathetic. Sarah Palin incites violence to the closest degree she can. If you dont know that then were not talking about the same Sarah Palin that quit her job as Governor of Alaska to be a political media pundit. 1 day agoflag  reply+4AJILIVIZION  Paratus:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WaoWdZMpNsILets not forget the outright incitement to commit murder against WikiLeaks editor in chief Julian Assange. 1 day agoflag  reply+1catamatt68  Paratus:Cross hairs, what do those mean? Some whack jobs take the garbage she says more seriously than can be controlled. Happened in my hometown when an abortion doctor was shot and killed on his way out of church. Things Rush and folks say fuel the fire of psychotic people. Sarah Palin loses more dignity everyday. 1 day agoflag  reply0Jeremy_Benson  catamatt68:Holy shit, we live in the same town! Assuming you're talking about Dr. Tiller. 1 day agoflag  reply-2Itsbatman_Durr  AJILIVIZION:you are part of the problem with this absurd prattle. you are just adding to the static 1 day agoflag  reply-3Paratus  AJILIVIZION:Sarah Palin does not incite any violence.  What you are saying is wrong at best and an out and out lie at the worst.  You can hate or fear her all you want but you can't pin this one on Palin.  Frankly I find the proffer that Palin is in any way responsible to be as repugnant as the shooting. 1 day agoflag  reply-2Paratus  AJILIVIZION:OK, we won't forget it. So what or is it your contention that Palin is responsible for that also.  HOw about sun spots.  Oh, no I didn't go to the video download due to bandwidth limitations. 1 day agoflag  reply-3Paratus  catamatt68:NOt her problem.  You can't blame her for the incorrect interpretation of her words.  You guys are salivating at the chance to stick another knife in Palin.  OK, here is your chance, go for it. If that is what it takes to assuage your conscience then go for it.  The fault of this shooting lies squarely with the shooter, no one else.  Don't try to muck up the situation.  This is absurd but predictable in this era of blame everyone for everything especially if they are conservative, Constitution leaning, not liberal or not democrat.  HOw about the fact that the Communist Manifesto was one on his favorite books or that his high school peers described him as "liberal".   How about the fact that the Congresswoman was a conservative Democrat who was pro business, at least more than her peers.  She was pro gun, perhaps Paul Helmke or George Soros is behind this.  With the threats against the past president and conservatives in general this act sounds more like the action of a liberal wack job rather than the political opposite.  I think a liberal shot her in an attempt to deflect the blame to gun owners and/or republicans and/or Tea Partiers.  It's working due to the overwhelming desire to blame someone other than the person who pulled the trigger.  How you can try to blame someone else for this other than the trigger man is mind boggling in its stupidity. 1 day agoflag  reply+2NickerBocker09  Paratus:What Palin has been doing is way over the line and completely inappropriate. We arent saying Palin called up people to go kill a congresswoman. What we are saying is that her speeches and website only incite people to commit acts like this. Maybe she wasnt thinking "someone will kill em" but the fact of the matter is her words push it simple as that.  Who the fuck puts crosshairs on a congresswoman! Its disgusting. There is absolutely no excuse for it and dont try defending it. We all know theres nuts in this country, she was a fucking idiot for not realizing that. So yes i stand by my words loud and clear that she should answer for why she puts that kind of shit everywhere. Whether or not this guy even looked at that website. Because sooner or later a crazy guy that actually does see her website will do something like this. I rather not wait. 24 hours agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  Paratus:"Take Back the 20!" and, "Don't Retreat, Instead - RELOAD!" is not incitement to assassinate? 12 hours agoflag  reply+7keithponderASSASSINATED ? SHE'S NOT DEAD. 1 day agoflag  reply-3teto007  keithponder:So since she's not dead it's still okay to shoot her in the head, it all makes sense now. 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  teto007:he didnt say that but again you show the absurd connections people who spread this nonsense make. you are part of the problem 1 day agoflag  reply-1teto007  Itsbatman_Durr:I was being sarcastic, but I guess it was foolish of me to think that people would read a simple text with the same emphasis. 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  teto007:no we got that you were being sarcastic, but again since he didnt say that it was ok to shoot her, why the sarcasm? 1 day agoflag  reply0teto007  Itsbatman_Durr:maybe I interpreted his initial comment as if though he was trying to shut down the story. Perhaps you are right and I myself have made the same mistake of assuming positions through small texts and capital letters. 1 day agoflag  reply+1keithponder  teto007:nothing funny about someone being shot in the head.what if this had happened to one of your family members ? 21 hours agoflag  reply+3NickerBocker09The person who did this is a traitor to this country and a terrorist. Sarah Palin should be brought before Congress to tell us about her little hit list. Numerous times shes done her little "hand-gun" shootem point at these congress people on the list. She has clearly incited violence. She has had plenty of chances to tell people to not commit violence but she hasnt, shes only continued her rallies and hit lists.The man who did this killed a 9 year old child who was at the grocery store among others. Some American he is.However could the author edit the title? Because shes still alive, and the surgeons say they are optimistic about her recovery. 1 day agoflag  reply0dablaqWake up America and see for yourself what kind of Gospel does Palin (and Tea 'Baggers' Party) preach. How many more should die before people realize that the business ain't as usual as it seems? ... People should have listened to Barbara Bush. 1 day agoflag  reply+5freecrack  dablaq:ya had me until barbara bush? 1 day agoflag  reply+2PrivateBurke  freecrack:Barbara Bush pretty much has said that Sarah Palin is an embarrassment to conservative women. 1 day agoflag  reply0freecrack  PrivateBurke:oh sorry.so many have presented that idea i didnt know it was a barbara bushism. 1 day agoflag  reply0dablaq  freecrack:lol... I mean even the conservative minds think she can not do good for America. 1 day agoflag  reply0TheAmericanPatriot  dablaq:The shooter doesn't believe in God, so now you just sound stupid like everyone else who is blaming Palin 23 hours agoflag  reply+10VoyagerFilmsSarah still promoting violence against her political opponents?  Why isn't she imprisoned? 1 day agoflag  reply0NickerBocker09  VoyagerFilms:because shell become a martyr 1 day agoflag  reply0freecrack  NickerBocker09:better a political (note political) martyr behind bars than active destroyer 1 day agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  VoyagerFilms:because she isnt doing that of course, and why do people always love the 1st amendment except when its application is towards a political foe? thanks for being part of the problem 1 day agoflag  reply+7csmonutWith our economy in the toilet, and an ineffective government (they fight like a bunch of spoiled children in a sandbox) it appears the nut-jobs are coming out of the woodwork more readily these days.We won't need extremists from another country tearing us down, we'll do just fine from within.... 1 day agoflag  reply+1VoyagerFilms  csmonut:Much like the Mel Gibson film Apocalypto 1 day agoflag  reply+11Incredulousyeah, well before the link disappears, here's what it says:TAKE BACK THE 2020 House Democrats from districts we carried in 2008 voted for the health care billIts been six months since President Obama signed his health care bill into law. Despite overwhelming public dislike of Obamacare, we were told that Washington knows best and there was nothing to worry about. Nancy Pelosi said Congress had to pass the bill so that Americans could find out what is in it. We found out that its even worse than we feared.Join me in standing against those who stood with Obama and Pelosi in voting for this disastrous bill. The Democrats from 20 districts we carried in 2008 voted for Obamacare. Now we can vote against them.Lets replace them with good conservatives who will vote to repeal and replace Obamacare with patient-centered, results-driven, free market reform that provides solutions to people of all income levels without bankrupting our country.Lets reclaim the power of the people from those who disregarded the will of the people.Don't get demoralized, get organized. It's time to take a stand.Sarah Palin 1 day agoflag  reply-4TheAmericanPatriot  Incredulous:What's the problem? 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Incredulous:wow what a hateful incitement to violenceoh wait no it isnt 1 day agoflag  reply0Incredulous  TheAmericanPatriot:dunno, maybe you better ask her people, they removed it, along with the infamous map... 1 day agoflag  reply0Incredulous  Itsbatman_Durr:sighhh, I know, she's just a sweet ex-beauty queen, helicopter hunting, harmless .... wait, I've run out of appropriate adjectives to make a point with.  Rhetoric...it can get you into some jams it's hard to back out of... 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Incredulous:yeah she is a jerk i agree and i hate always defending her here for things like this. i oppose her politics, her positions, and her 'morality', but i hate worse the static that is thrown out there by partisan attacks when what is needed is calm rational problem solving 1 day agoflag  reply0Incredulous  Itsbatman_Durr:we gave up on calm, rational problem solving decades ago; I think it was around the time God gave us TV.I'm assuming I don't have to explain sarcasm to you...but the font is on. 12 hours agoflag  reply-20TheAmericanPatriotUnlike Sarah, Obama actually has a hit list. A real one. Worry about that kids, First. 1 day agoflag  reply+13kennymotown  TheAmericanPatriot:Take your ass back too the rock you crawled out from under, your ignorant! 1 day agoflag  reply-11TheAmericanPatriot  kennymotown:Truths Hurts 1 day agoflag  reply-1bundlebear  TheAmericanPatriot:ok 1 day agoflag  reply+7kennymotown  TheAmericanPatriot:What? That your are an ignoramus, I don't know ask yourself! 1 day agoflag  reply-9TheAmericanPatriot  kennymotown:Now people will know what I meant when I did say kids earlier. What did I say that angered you my little friend? 1 day agoflag  reply+5Follow_me  TheAmericanPatriot:idiot 1 day agoflag  reply0kennymotown  TheAmericanPatriot:Obama has a hit list! If so maybe your on it. 1 day agoflag  reply+1freecrack  TheAmericanPatriot:yet it isnt them who are in surgery right now ya tool 1 day agoflag  reply0crashbangnoises  TheAmericanPatriot:Where is that list? So far we have the gun toting sarah palin with a literal  list of "targets" to be "removed", And an actual shooting of a person from that list.I really hope it is just a coincidence but if I had to bet on which person has an actual hit list I would bet sarah palin does. 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  crashbangnoises:cmon now thats absurd 1 day agoflag  reply+2Proud_ProgressiveGiffords is not dead, but this needs to be brought up. 1 day agoflag  reply0jahbini  Proud_Progressive:Maybe she is not dead (at this writing) but somebody did have a hit list.  Where it came from?  and is this a one time phenom?  Or is it going to be like scads of birds falling out of the sky?  Stay tuned.  The future is getting interesting.  Too interesting.this quote from another posting:http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20110108/ap_on_re_us/us_congresswoman_shot"Congressional officials said an aide to the Democrat was killed, and unknown number of others were injured, including staffers to the lawmaker.Little was known about the shooter in the chaos after the rampage; one official said the attack was carried out with an automatic weapon. The officials who described the events did so on condition of anonymity, saying they were not permitted to comment publicly." 1 day agoflag  reply0jahbini  jahbini:And now there is another branch of the government in the shooter's list of targets.http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/01/08/judge-john-roll-dead-killed_n_806239.ht...Did some happy gun-toting values oriented American go all righteous on us?  Maybe it was a pot-crazed GLBT, alphabet gendered comic from the "Liberal Channel"?Or is it just another opportunity for our friends in high places to give us more "protection" -- body cavity searches before you can enter the voting booth? 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  jahbini:'somebody does have a hit list' ???? umm yeah someone somewhere probably does. nothing to do with this event though so why add to the static? 1 day agoflag  reply+1jahbini  Itsbatman_Durr:Let's make it more clear for the folks who have trouble with reading between the lines:The shooter, if anyone, hit a list of targets.  Maybe we should ask him where he thought of it.  There might be some info there.I think you will agree that it has everything to do with this. 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  jahbini:actually i dont agree. i dont know he had a hit list, or that any rational thought at all had anything to do with this. judging from his rambles, it seems he only did this to bring attention to his youtube spoutings of metaphysics and skewed theories 1 day agoflag  reply+1jahbini  Itsbatman_Durr:Upon reflection, Mr. Durr, if that is your name, you may find that 'hit list' was not in the phrases of my posting: I intentionally spoke of 'targets' -- a more factual image than 'hit list'But if any one did have a hit list, it likely included several people at the event. Random?chaosier and chaosier.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Retraction!!  Yup.  I'm eating my words.  Actually licking my monitor.  In fact Mr. Durr is absolutely correct.  In fact, from my earlier post:  -- Maybe she is not dead (at this writing) but somebody did have a hit list. Where it came from? and is this a one time phenom? Or is it going to be like scads of birds falling out of the sky? Stay tuned. The future is getting interesting. Too interesting."STill, if anyone Did have a hit list... 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  jahbini:actually i was replying to your statement, and i quote:"Maybe she is not dead (at this writing) but somebody did have a hit list. Where it came from? and is this a one time phenom? Or is it going to be like scads of birds falling out of the sky? Stay tuned. The future is getting interesting. Too interesting."=) 1 day agoflag  reply0PressCore  Proud_Progressive:Glad to hear that. I sincerely hope she recovers. 1 day agoflag  reply0jahbini  Itsbatman_Durr:I rest my case.  Thanks for quoting my entire comment.  It's like a re-tweet. 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  jahbini:lol a retweet indeed, but i was just showing that you did in fact say a hit list 1 day agoflag  replymore fromNews:SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Latest Updates Five People Injured In SUV Rollover Toyota Needs Brake Override Technology Anonymous OperationTunisia most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 7Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10Imran Khan: Pakistan is 'going down' more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Tron-ify Everything !!!! HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Too much fluoride in water! see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Dinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentskennymotown commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  26 minutes agoIt's going to be a wild ride........buckle up!http://www.fancast.com/tv/Saturday-Night-Live/10009/1731071602/Amusement-Park-Ride/videos?cmpid=FCST_hp_xfinitytv ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  33 minutes agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  56 minutes agodebate-able and seriously, who cares? cheerleading isnt news, or even a basis for discussion its just adding to the us vs them mentality that creates static to bury the real issues Incredulous commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  1 hour ago"When it comes to terrorism, we should err on the side of protecting the American people," Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement."Well they got the... mcjk commented on AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event...  1 hour agoWhat kind of news article does it take for people to have a mature, rational discussion here on Current?  Seriously, multiple people died, and more injured- and most of the comments I am reading...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog