 | worldwide hippiesworldwide hippies Changing the world, one mind at a time.HomeAboutStoreEventsFashionMusicNewsOpinionMore Jobs For More People2011 January 7Leave a commenttags: economy, unemployment, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreUS unemployment rate drops in December | BBCThe US unemployment rate dropped to 9.4% in December from 9.8% in November, the biggest one-month drop since April 1998, official figures show.Some 103,000 jobs were created last month, the Labor Department said, although this was fewer than the 145,000 to 175,000 forecast.The lower rate came not only because more people found jobs, but also because 260,000 had given up looking.If people stop searching for work, they are no longer counted as unemployed.Stubbornly high unemployment has hindered the US economic recovery.And Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke warned that it may take up to five years for the unemployment rate to drop to a more historically typical 6%.But he added that while the economy should grow more strongly this year as consumers and businesses boosted their spending.MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsMissing Person: Diana Gonzalez2011 January 7Leave a commenttags: Carrie Eigbrett, Diana Gonzalez, Jose Barrera-Pacheco, missing people, worldwide hippiesby Joe McEvoyDiana age progessionWWH By Carrie Eigbrett-Imagine waking up to a call that someone has stolen your 14 year old daughter. Now imagine on the other end is a family friend who is telling you that he loves her and you will never see her again. A family friend that is 29.This is how the parents of Diana Gonzalez awoke on October 15, 2005. Thinking that Jose Barrera-Pacheco wasnt serious, her mother checked her bedroom, she was gone.The Fay observer quoted Sheriff Hubert Peterkin of Hoke County, North Carolina as saying that he believes that Gonzalez went willingly with Barrera-Pacheco but the case is being considered a kidnapping.In posters created by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children Gonzalez is described as a Hispanic girl with black hair and brown eyes. When last seen she was 5 foot, 4 inches tall and 110 pounds. She was wearing a blue T-shirt and designer blue jeans at the time.Diana when she went missingIt was believed that the pair may have traveled to either Laurinburg, California, Florida or Mexico, and were possibly in either a black, four-door Honda or a white van.If seen Gonzalez could also be using the last name Sanchez or Sanchez-Gonzalez as an alias. Barrera-Pacheco could be using the alias of Barrera or Pacheco.On June 26, 2006 a felony arrest warrant was issued for Barrera-Pacheco.Suspect Jose Barrera-Pacheco He is described as 5 foot, 4 inches tall and 150 pounds at the time he abducted Gonzalez. Hes a Hispanic man with black hair and brown eyes.Sheriff Peterkin assures family and friends of Gonzalez as well as the public, The case is still open.If you have any information, please contact the Hoke County Sheriffs Office at (910)875-5111, or the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children at (800) 843-5678.Share/Bookmarkfrom  NewsGOP Union Busters: Attacking Our Own Infrastructure2011 January 7Leave a commenttags: GOP, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreThe Shameful Attack on Public Employees | Wall Street PitIn 1968, the sanitation workers of Memphis tried to form a union. The city resisted. The Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. came to support them. That was where he lost his life. Eventually the sanitation workers got their union. And in subsequent years millions of public employees across the nation got similar protection.But now the right is going after public employees.Its far more convenient to go after people who are doing the publics work  sanitation workers, police officers, fire fighters, teachers, social workers, federal employees  to call them faceless bureaucrats and portray them as hooligans who are making off with your money and crippling federal and state budgets. The story fits better with the Republicans Big Lie that our problems are due to a government thats too big.But the rights argument is shot-through with bad data, twisted evidence, and unsupported assertions.They say public employees earn far more than private-sector workers. Thats untrue when you take account of level of education. Matched by education, public sector workers actually earn less than their private-sector counterparts.The Republican trick is to compare apples with oranges  the average wage of public employees with the average wage of all private-sector employees. But only 23 percent of private-sector employees have college degrees; 48 percent of government workers do. Teachers, social workers, public lawyers who bring companies to justice, government accountants who try to make sure money is spent as it should be  all need at least four years of college.The solution is no less to slash public pensions than it is to slash private ones. Its for all employers to fully fund their pension plans.MoreP.S. This is our 3000th post. And thats 2354 for yours truly. What do I win?Share/Bookmarkfrom  NewsAnd Now, A Word From Matt Taibbi: The new speaker is a lazy, double-talking shill for corporate interests.2011 January 7Leave a commenttags: GOP, Politics, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreThe Crying Shame of John Boehner | Rolling StoneJohn Boehner is the ultimate Beltway hack, a man whose unmatched and self-serving skill at political survival has made him, after two decades in Washington, the hairy blue mold on the American congressional sandwich. The biographer who somewhere down the line tackles the question of Boehners legacy will do well to simply throw out any references to party affiliation, because the thing that has made Boehner who he is  the thing that has finally lifted him to the apex of legislative power in America  has almost nothing to do with his being a Republican.The Truth About the Tea PartyThe Democrats have plenty of creatures like Boehner. But in the new Speaker of the House, the Republicans own the perfect archetype  the quintessential example of the kind of glad-handing, double-talking, K Street toady who has dominated the politics of both parties for decades. In sports, we talk about athletes who are the total package, and that term comes close to describing Boehners talent for perpetuating our corrupt and debt-addled status quo: Hes a five-tool insider who can lie, cheat, steal, play golf, change his mind on command and do anything else his lobbyist buddies and campaign contributors require of him to get the job done.This article appears in the January 20, 2011 issue of Rolling Stone. The issue is available now on newsstands and will appear in the online archive January 7.As for what that job is, heres the thing: In this age of greed-enabling bailouts and rampaging Tea Parties and coast-to-coast voter rage toward the entire political process, Congress in particular now ranks as one of the single most unpopular political entities on earth. Recent polls show that only 13 percent of Americans approve of the job performance of their national legislature  which makes our elected representatives even less popular here at home than, say, Al Qaeda is in Pakistan. (Bin Laden and Co. scored an 18 percent approval rating not long ago.)MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsA Little History Before the Kowtowing2011 January 7Leave a commenttags: Tea Party, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreWhy Tea Partiers Should Despise George W. Bush | CounterpunchThe Tea Party movement rattled many politicians cages last November. Many Tea Party supporters define themselves by their opposition to big government. However, according to an April CBS-New York Times poll, 57 percent of Tea Party supporters approve of George W. Bush.It is not surprising that Obamas abuses would cause some people to wish for his predecessor. However, liberty-loving Americans should never forget George W. Bushs crimes against the Constitution, freedom, the economy, and the political system.Political cosmetics pervaded many Bush policies. The No Child Left Behind Act was perhaps his biggest domestic fraud. The act was falsely sold as giving a wide ambit of authority to local school officials. In reality, it empowers the feds to effectively judge and punish local schools for not fulfilling arbitrary guidelines. Many states are dumbing down academic standards, using bureaucratic racketeering to avoid harsh federal sanctions. Though the No Child Left Behind Act promised to permit children to escape persistently dangerous schools, most states defined that term to claim that all their schools were safe. As long as people believed that Bush cared about children, it didnt matter that his education policy was a charade.Bush browbeat Congress into enacting the biggest expansion of the welfare state since Lyndon Johnsons Great Society. The White House blatantly deceived Congress about the cost of a new Medicare prescription drug entitlement, withholding key information that would have guaranteed the defeat of his giveaway. The administration launched a federally financed ad campaign showing a crowd cheering Bush as he signed the new law; federal auditors ruled that the ads were illegal propaganda.MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsVaccine Data Was Fraud2011 January 61 Commenttags: Fraud, health, medicine, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreJournal says doctor faked data linking autism to vaccines | The Washington PostThe British Medical Journal on Wednesday accused a disgraced British doctor of committing an elaborate fraud by faking data in his studies linking vaccines with autism.Andrew Wakefields work convinced thousands of parents that vaccines are dangerous. Such fears have not only caused parents to skip vaccinations for their children, which critics say has led to ongoing outbreaks of measles and mumps, but have forced costly reformulations of many vaccines.The journals editors said it was not possible that Wakefield made a mistake and that he must have faked the data. They supported their position with a series of articles by a journalist who used medical records and interviews to show that Wakefield falsified data.MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsPittsburgh in the 60s2011 January 62 Commentstags: Nostalgia, worldwide hippiesby Sherry PasquarelloThe new year of an old hippieYes, here I am only days into a new year. A decidedly strange beginning of a new year.Dead birds falling in sad feathered heaps and bloated fish bobbing to shores. A strangely colored man (burnt orange?) blubbering on television who is soon to hold the government position hes dreamed of even as hes given nightmares to most rational and compassionate souls. Nasty old Pat Robertson has a moment of sanity and comes out for the decriminalization of pot and has a valid reason for doing so and THEN insists that the blizzard was sent by his god to stop people from traveling to do gay things. Geez, this guy has a t.v. show and followers and I have a dog and two cats! Two of them dont listen to me so??? Life is strange.My 6 year old granddaughter spent the night last weekend. She can work the remote and the on- demand far better than I can. Its a bit embarrassing but helpful. I seem to have been born too soon or too late for this sort of technology! Im lucky I can use e-mail!Im still bemoaning self serve gas stations and those fiendish automated check out lines in some big stores. Nope, not for me. Ill stand an extra 5 minutes or so to be checked out by a human being, thank you.read moreShare/Bookmarkfrom  OpinionMontel Busted2011 January 6Leave a commenttags: marijuana, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreMontel Williams Fined For Possession Of Marijuana Pipe | CannaCentralMontel Williams, who is now 54 years old, was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1999 and has been treating his illness with medical marijuana for years. While use of the substance is legal for licensed patients in California, and it is often prescribed for MS, it is illegal at the federal level as well as within many other states like Williams home state of New York. Williams has stated previously that he is interested in opening a dispensary in Oakland.MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsMore Troops Sent To Afghanistan2011 January 6Leave a commenttags: Afghan War, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreUS Sending 1,400 More Troops to Afghanistan | AOLThe U.S. is sending 1,400 more Marines into Afghanistan ahead of a spring thaw, when fighting usually picks up with the Taliban, to try to cement security gains ahead of the July start of a U.S. troop withdrawal, according to a published report.Unidentified American officials told The Wall Street Journal that Defense Secretary Robert Gates ordered the new deployment of more Marine combat forces in a surprise move on Wednesday. Temporarily adding front-line forces could help counter an anticipated spring offensive by Taliban militants returning from havens in neighboring Pakistan, they said.U.S. soldiers march at sunrise in October 2009 in Paktika Province, Afghanistan. The U.S. will be sending 1,400 more troops to Afghanistan as early as mid-January.The new troops could be on the ground as early as mid-January, deployed mostly in the south around Kandahar. Commanders are also considering more proposals to boost troop numbers even further, and if those plans are approved, the number of additional front-line troops could top 3,000, the paper said.MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsShield Bill is Unconstitutional; Nick Fury is Not Happy2011 January 6Leave a commenttags: civil liberties, Freedom of Speech, wikileaks, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreA Clear Danger to Free Speech | The New York TimesTHE so-called Shield bill, which was recently introduced in both houses of Congress in response to the WikiLeaks disclosures, would amend the Espionage Act of 1917 to make it a crime for any person knowingly and willfully to disseminate, in any manner prejudicial to the safety or interest of the United States, any classified information concerning the human intelligence activities of the United States.Although this proposed law may be constitutional as applied to government employees who unlawfully leak such material to people who are unauthorized to receive it, it would plainly violate the First Amendment to punish anyone who might publish or otherwise circulate the information after it has been leaked. At the very least, the act must be expressly limited to situations in which the spread of the classified information poses a clear and imminent danger of grave harm to the nation.The clear and present danger standard has been a central element of our First Amendment jurisprudence ever since Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.s 1919 opinion in Schenk v. United States. In the 90 years since, the precise meaning of clear and present danger has evolved, but the animating principle was stated brilliantly by Justice Louis D. Brandeis in his 1927 concurring opinion in Whitney v. California. The founders did not exalt order at the cost of liberty, wrote Brandeis; on the contrary, they understood that only an emergency can justify repression. Such must be the rule if authority is to be reconciled with freedom. Such  is the command of the Constitution. It is, therefore, always open to Americans to challenge a law abridging free speech and assembly by showing that there was no emergency justifying it.MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsBig Apple Drops Beck2011 January 6Leave a commenttags: Glenn Beck, media, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreGlenn Beck dropped by New Yorks WOR radio station over poor ratings, replaced by Mike Gallagher | NY Daily NewsGlenn Beck may be one of the hottest talk show hosts in the country, but he apparently left New Yorks WOR cold.WOR (710 AM), one of the citys two biggest talk radio stations, said this morning it is dropping Becks syndicated show as of Jan. 17 and replacing him with a familiar New York name: Mike Gallagher.The reason is ratings, said WOR program director Scott Lakefield. Somewhat to our surprise, the show wasnt getting what we wanted.Beck, whose style is sometimes off-center and who hosted a well-publicized national rally in D.C. last year, has been seen as one of the rising conservative radio and TV talk stars.MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsWhat? Oh, sorry, I was just watching this rerun of The Andromeda Strain2011 January 6Leave a commenttags: ecology, environment, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreWTF? More Dead Birds Fall from the Sky in Sweden, Chile, Kentucky  Dead Fish Keep Washing Ashore | AlternetThey have dead birds falling from the skies (twice in the last week) in Arkansas. They have dead birds in Louisiana and Kentucky too. And in Chile. And now in Sweden.Shortly before midnight on Tuesday, residents found 50 to 100 jackdaws on a street in Falkping southeast of Skvde. The incident echoed a number of unexplained incidents earlier this week across the southern US.County veterinarian Robert ter Horst believes that the birds may have been literally scared to death by fireworks set off on Tuesday night. [...]ter Horst noted that he has also received some reports about pigeons, but the incident has happened too quickly to assume that it is related to the untimely demise of the jackdaws.The site where the birds were found has now been blocked for a veterinary inspection of the birds. Emergency services had cordoned off the area earlier on Wednesday.Oh and the Japanese are worried about dead birds falling, too:MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsQ: How can we waste time and encourage rage? A: Republicans2011 January 6Leave a commenttags: GOP, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreIncoming GOP House Chairs Plan to Investigate Climate Scientists, Probe Muslim Radicalization, Repeal Healthcare Reform | TruthoutWhen the 112th Congress is sworn in Wednesday, Republicans will hold a newfound edge in the House after four years in the minority. That means a field of Republican Congress members poised to helm the 23 House committees and their over 100 subcommittees. Republicans have already promised a sweeping agenda, including investigating climate scientists, disbanding the entire Congressional panel on global warming, investigating so-called radicalization in the Muslim community, and repealing President Obamas healthcare law.Speaking on Fox News Sunday, the incoming chair of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, Congressmember Fred Upton of Michigan, vowed to fight the Environmental Protection Agencys recently announced curbs on greenhouse gas emissions from power plants and other big industrial sites.MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsEndangered Species: Investigative Journalists2011 January 6Leave a commenttags: journalism, media, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy Dre(gulp).Many Journalists Killed In 2010 Covered Corruption | The Wall Street JournalOf the 44 journalists killed in 2010 for whose deaths a key advocacy group was able to find a motive, almost a third of them covered corruption.The Committee to Protect Journalists, or CPJ, which defends media workers around the world, tracks and investigates the circumstances surrounding the deaths of journalists, and it created an interactive infographic showing where, how and why most were killed last year. Thirteen of the 44, or 30%, were corruption beat reporters. Other top beats of journalists killed included politics, war, culture and crime. Some of the beats overlapped, however, causing the aggregated percentages to go far over 100%.A total of 79 journalists were killed in 2010, according to CPJs figures, including 31 deaths for which it hasnt confirmed motives as well as four media workers who operate as support staff. A confirmed motive, in CPJs parlance, means the journalist was killed in the line of duty, save for accidents such as plane or car crashes.That figure is down from 2009, when about 100 journalists died, 72 with confirmed motives. Pakistan was the deadliest country for journalists in 2010, with eight killed, while the Philippines was by far the deadliest in 2009, with 33 killed.MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsFor years Republicans have shown no aptitude for running the country. Not surprising when they dont really believe in it2011 January 5Leave a commenttags: GOP, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreRepublicans: good at theatre, dreadful at governing  as well see tomorrow | The GuardianIts often said in Washington that Republicans are better in opposition than at governing, and the last two years have borne out this observation with a vengeance. It sure looks like its been fun being a Republican. The economy was terrible, and the other guys were in charge. And even though it was mostly the Republicans who messed up the economy in the first place, and who started the wars that neither George W Bush nor (probably) Barack Obama will really and truly be able to count in the win column, they knew that they could rely on Americans to forget that over time  and forget Americans did. So all they had to do was sit back and throw darts.Into the bargain, and probably to the great surprise of many of them, the Tea Party movement erupted out of some Americans rage at the government and at their fellow citizens who took out mortgages they couldnt quite afford. The media often write about the tension between Tea Party insurgents and establishment Republicans, and its there. But mostly the movement has been as pennies from heaven for the GOP: you have a bunch of extremists running around comparing the Democratic president to Hitler and Stalin. If they go too far, you can gently denounce them. But mostly, you just let them carry on with their wild analogies, which work their way into the civic bloodstream but for which you do not get blamed. Its been a great racket.But now the times they are a-changing. Having taken control of the House of Representatives as of tomorrow, Republicans now have to govern. They have to do things like make a budget. And not just a fake budget, like in a campaign. A real budget, that adds up, more or less. They have to negotiate with a Senate still in Democratic hands over the final shape of appropriations to the various federal agencies. All that sounds suspiciously like hard work. And Washington Republicans, for all their thumpety-thump rhetoric about hard work and personal initiative and so on, are largely lazy and unserious people. They wont do the work, and in two years, it will show.MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsPhilibuster2011 January 55 Commentstags: activism, filibuster, Phil Polizatto, worldwide hippiesby Phil PolizattoWWH-I really dont have a lot to say, except I wish that this new year of 2011 is very sweet and kind to all of us. Well not to all of us, but to those of us who could use some sweetness and kindness. Certainly not to those who would, piece by piece, through lies, fear-mongering, and greed, allow this questionably honorable Senate to disassemble the very foundations of a great democracy. You may think I actually have something to say. Well, I dont. I simply want to obstruct the free flow of debate by talking continually so as to possibly stop the bill in progress which I think is totally unacceptable, and by not giving any of my worthy opponents an opportunity to discuss the matter or bring it to a vote, I might possibly stop its passage into law and wouldnt that be a hoot because all I have to do is keep talking or yield the floor to one of my like-minded colleagues. I did bring the White pages into the chamber with me just in case I cant think of anything to say. I can read names from the telephone book because what you incessantly talk about does not need to be germane to the topic in any way whatsoever, though it does in other governments of the world which employ the filibuster. Oh, yes, did you not know that the filibuster goes all the way back to Cato and the Roman Senate in 60BC. You find that surprising, dont you? This is not a new political procedural device made up by mean-spirited politicians to thwart the will of the people. Though I can easily say that it has been most egregiously used by Republicans to stop the nation from moving forward. Oh, no, the filibuster has been in existence since before Christ ever started causing trouble. Its just that in other nations there seem to be more rational rules concerning the filibuster, like you have to keep on topic, which is why one of the longest filibusters ever outside the U.S. was more than 12 hours, but here in the Greatest Country in the World, a filibuster may last much longer. Strom Thurmond spoke nonstop for 24 hours and 18 minutes, trying to prevent passage of the 1957 Civil Rights Act. Way to go Strom, god bless ya or not. The point is both democrats and republicans use this procedural tactic to stall or block the passage of a bill and whoever uses it is really being very undemocratic. Yes, you heard me, it is completely undemocratic! But, I good sirs and madams, have the floor, and Ill be damned if I will give it up until the rules for filibustering are changed or the procedure of the filibuster is banned altogether. And I warn you that should you bring to the floor a bill to amend the rules of filibustering, I can filibuster that as well! And even if the Senate should get the 3/5 vote it needs to stop the debate and bring the filibuster to cloture, I have managed to waste your hard earned tax money, and really, isnt that why we are all here? By the way, isnt that a strange little word, cloture? Why dont they  read moreShare/Bookmarkfrom  OpinionAfter campaigning against D.C.s ways, new Republican lawmakers quickly turn to lobbyists and fundraisers2011 January 5Leave a commenttags: GOP, hypocrisy, Tea Party Movement, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreIf we outlaw lobbyists, only outlaws will have lobbys. Or something. Like it is now. You know what I mean.Tea party freshmen embrace status quo | LA TimesReporting from Washington  The new class of Republican lawmakers who charged into office promising to shun the ways of Washington officially arrives on Capitol Hill on Wednesday. But even as they publicly bash the capitals culture, many have quietly begun to embrace it.Several freshmen have hired lobbyists  the ultimate Washington insiders  to lead their congressional staffs. In the weeks leading up to Wednesdays swearing-in, dozens of the newcomers joined other lawmakers in turning to lobbyists for campaign cash.  And on Wednesday, congressional offices will be packed with lawmakers relatives, friends, constituents and lobbyists, all invited to celebrate the new Congress. This picture of business-as-usual Washington clashes with the campaign rhetoric of many newcomers, some who were propelled by support from the anti-Washington tea party movement. It also muddles the image House Republicans hoped to project as they took the helm this week. In contrast to the public celebration thrown by Democrat Nancy Pelosi when she became speaker four years ago, incoming House Speaker John A. Boehner has tried to strike a subdued and earnest note as he takes up the gavel.MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsNo Good Weed Goes Unpunished2011 January 5Leave a commenttags: medical marijuana, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreIngham Co. judge refuses dismissal of medical marijuana case | LSJA judge has refused to dismiss drug charges against a 61-year-old man accused of illegally dealing medical marijuana.In a Dec. 30, 2010, ruling released Monday, now-retired Ingham County Circuit Judge James Giddings ruled that the states 2-year-old medical marijuana law did not allow Fredrick Wayne Dagit to buy 50 pounds of the drug or store dozens of plants in his home.Dagit admits that he supplied marijuana to the Green Leaf Smokers Club, a medical marijuana club in Williamstown Township. Dagit, also known as the Rev. Wayne Dagit, has a state-issued medical marijuana card.His attorney, James White, argued that he was protected by a particular provision of the states medical marijuana law  which says a judge should dismiss marijuana-related charges if the patient and caregiver collectively possess enough of the drug to ensure uninterrupted availability for treatment.MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  NewsTax Break2011 January 5Leave a commenttags: IRS, taxes, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreMaybe you can use those extra three days to get a job.IRS Kicks Off 2011 Tax Season with Deadline Extended to April 18; Taxpayers Impacted by Recent Tax Breaks Can File Starting in Mid- to Late FebruaryThe Internal Revenue Service today opened the 2011 tax filing season by announcing that taxpayers have until April 18 to file their tax returns. The IRS reminded taxpayers impacted by recent tax law changes that using e-file is the best way to ensure accurate tax returns and get faster refunds.Taxpayers will have until Monday, April 18 to file their 2010 tax returns and pay any tax due because Emancipation Day, a holiday observed in the District of Columbia, falls this year on Friday, April 15. By law, District of Columbia holidays impact tax deadlines in the same way that federal holidays do; therefore, all taxpayers will have three extra days to file this year. Taxpayers requesting an extension will have until Oct. 17 to file their 2010 tax returns.The IRS expects to receive more than 140 million individual tax returns this year, with most of those being filed by the April 18 deadline.MoreUse your tax break to buy WWH T-shirts! Only $12, + $3 shipping:Limited Time OfferT-Shirt $12.00T-Shirt + Bumpersticker $17.00Bumpersticker $5.00Specify Size (s,m,l,xl)Share/Bookmarkfrom  NewsMarc Emerys US Prison Blog #222011 January 5Leave a commenttags: Marc Emery, marijuana, worldwide hippiesby Cowboy DreFired From the Library for Trying to Help | Cannabis CultureDear Jeremiah, Jodie, & Dana,This morning as I reported to work at 8 a.m., I was informed by Mr. Folk (who is in his last week) that he had to let me go. I said, Why? and he said, Your mail room issues.Of course, this is about my trying to get books and magazines into the library. As I have told you the GEO group that runs this concentration camp for Canadians, Mexicans and others not officially US citizens get the worst possible treatment or services or education or library, if we get them at all. You have my extensive comparative chart (see below) about this GEO group prison DRCJF is to a Canadian compared to how a US citizen is treated in a low security US federal prison. GEO does not want any inmate to have use of a proper library, law library, exercise equipment, email, photo copiersANYTHING!Essentially I was fired from my .12 cent an hour job because I was donating books, magazines, and newspapers. Because in the 3 months the library has been open they havent received a current magazine (in any language) or bought a book in English for the library. I had contributed 46 books and magazines as of today in the 23 days I worked in the library, including 2 hard cover Spanish-English dictionaries, 2 paralegal texts, coffee table books (Billy Gibbons Rock-N-Roll Gear Head) over-sized illustrated soft covers like Remembering John Lennon and Times Year in Review. So I was dismissed for adding books and magazines and newspapers to the library while GEO has every intention of stopping or obstructing books/mags/newspapers getting into the library. The library has no relevant Spanish/English reference books even though 850 inmates are Spanish speakers.MoreShare/Bookmarkfrom  News Older EntriesNewer Entries Get Free UpdatesGet the latest and the greatest hippie news delivered for free to your reader or your inbox:RSS FeedEmail UpdatesTwitterWar & Peace Report  Updated Daily Please Support This Website Watch live streaming video from freespeechtv at livestream.com  Members Register Log in   Recent Posts GOP Switches On Damage Control Banks Lose Twitter Does The Right Thing Journal publishes study that shows that people can see the future  but only if its about sex Science journal publishes ESP-is-True article Does International Aid Keep Haiti Poor? HippieChan is Your Soapbox!   Recent Comments Katherine on The Tucson ShootingsDa Mush on Digital IDKarl on Palin Campaigns For The Fat VoteTrish on Weekly Triviahippie.TVhippie.TV: The Revolution will Be Broadcast!today in hippie history Hippie Lunchroom QuizHave You Already Broken Your New Years Resolution? Yes No Maybe None Of Your Damned Business!View ResultsLoading ...TagsactivismAfghanistanAfghan Warbig brotherBPcivil libertiesconcertsdemocracy nowdrugsdrug warecologyeconomyenvironmentFinancial ReformFox NewsGOPHaitihippie.tvhippiesimmigrationinternetIsraellegalizationLGBT Rightsmarijuanamediamedical marijuanaNostalgiaoil spillPalinpassagesPoliticsPresident ObamaprivacyreligiontaxesTea Party MovementterroristTriviaUKunemploymentVotewarwikileaksworldwide hippiesSearchCopyright 2011 weboutpost LLCVigilance Theme ~ Themes by JestroHome |   Privacy | Advertise |Disclaimer |Support | 