Democratic Party (United States) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaDemocratic Party (United States)From Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaJump to: navigation,searchDemocratic PartyChairpersonTim Kaine (VA)Senate LeaderJoe Biden (President) (DE)Daniel Inouye (President pro tempore) (HI)Harry Reid (Majority Leader) (NV)House LeaderNancy Pelosi (Minority Leader) (CA)Chair of Governors AssociationJack Markell (DE)Founded1828 (modern)1792 (historical)Headquarters430 South Capital Street SE,Washington, D.C., 20003Student wingCollege Democrats of AmericaYouth wingYoung Democrats of AmericaIdeologyModern:American liberalismProgressivismInternal factions:Progressive DemocratsLibertarian DemocratsModerate DemocratsConservative DemocratsHistorical:Jacksonian democracyClassical liberalismBimetallismStates' rightsPaleoconservatismInternational affiliationAlliance of DemocratsOfficial colorsBluePolitical positionFiscal: Center-leftSocial: Center-leftSeats in the Senate51/100Seats in the House193/435Governorships20/50State Upper Houses921/1,921State Lower Houses2,368/5,410Websitehttp://www.democrats.org/Politics of United StatesPolitical partiesElectionsUnited StatesThis article is part of the series:Politics and government ofthe United StatesFederal governmentConstitutionTaxationLegislatureCongressHouseSpeakerParty leadersCongressional districtsSenatePresident pro temporeParty leadersPresidencyPresidentVice PresidentCabinetFederal agenciesJudiciaryFederal courtsSupreme CourtCourts of AppealsDistrict CourtsElectionsPresidential electionsMidterm electionsOff-year electionsPolitical partiesDemocraticRepublicanThird partiesFederalismState governmentGovernorsLegislatures (List)State courtsLocal governmentOther countries AtlasUS GovernmentPortalviewtalkeditThe Democratic Party is one of two major contemporary political parties in the United States, along with the Republican Party. The party's social liberal and progressive platform is largely considered center-left in the U.S. political spectrum.[1][2][3] The party has the lengthiest record of continuous operation in the United States. The party had 72 million registered voters in 2004.[4] President Barack Obama is the 15th Democrat to hold the office.As of the 112th Congress following the 2010 elections, the Democratic Party currently holds a minority of seats in the House of Representatives, but holds a narrow majority of seats in the Senate at the beginning of the 112th Congress. It currently holds a minority of state governorships, as well as a minority of state legislatures.Contents1 History2 Current structure and composition3 Ideology3.1 Liberals3.2 Progressives3.3 Libertarians and civil libertarians3.4 Conservatives3.5 Centrists4 Voter base4.1 Professionals4.2 Academia4.3 Youth4.4 Labor4.5 Working class4.6 Women and marital status4.7 LGBT Americans4.8 African Americans4.9 Hispanic Americans4.10 Asian Americans4.11 Native Americans4.12 Jewish Americans4.13 Arab and Muslim Americans5 Recent issue stances5.1 Economic issues5.1.1 Minimum wage5.1.2 Renewable energy and oil5.1.3 Fiscal policy5.1.4 Health care reform5.1.5 Environment5.1.6 College education5.1.7 Trade agreements5.1.8 Alternative Minimum Tax5.2 Social issues5.2.1 Discrimination5.2.2 Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender rights5.2.3 Reproductive rights5.2.4 Embryonic stem cell research5.3 Foreign policy issues5.3.1 Invasion of Afghanistan5.3.2 Israel5.3.3 Iraq War5.3.4 Unilateralism5.3.5 Political status of Puerto Rico5.4 Legal issues5.4.1 Torture5.4.2 USA PATRIOT Act5.4.3 Right to privacy5.4.4 Gun control5.4.5 Death penalty6 Name and symbols7 State and territorial parties8 See also9 References10 External links10.1 Organizations10.2 GeneralHistoryMain article: History of the Democratic Party (United States)Previous "Kicking Donkey" party logo (used until 2010) is still a well-known symbol for the Democratic Party.The Democratic Party evolved from Anti-Federalist factions that opposed the fiscal policies of Alexander Hamilton in the early 1790s. Thomas Jefferson and James Madison organized these factions into the Democratic-Republican Party. The party favored states' rights and strict adherence to the Constitution; it opposed a national bank and wealthy, moneyed interests. The Democratic-Republican Party ascended to power in the election of 1800. After the War of 1812, the party's chief rival, the Federalist Party disbanded. Democratic-Republicans split over the choice of a successor to President James Monroe, and the party faction that supported many of the old Jeffersonian principles, led by Andrew Jackson and Martin Van Buren, became the Democratic Party. Along with the Whig Party, the Democratic Party was the chief party in the United States until the Civil War. The Whigs were a commercial party, and usually less popular, if better financed. The Whigs divided over the slavery issue after the MexicanAmerican War and faded away. In the 1850s, under the stress of the Fugitive Slave Law and the Kansas-Nebraska Act, anti-slavery Democrats left the party. Joining with former members of existing or dwindling parties, the Republican Party emerged.[5][6]The Democrats split over the choice of a successor to President James Buchanan along Northern and Southern lines, while the Republican Party gained ascendancy in the election of 1860. As the American Civil War broke out, Northern Democrats were divided into War Democrats and Peace Democrats. The Confederate States of America, seeing parties as evils, did not have any. Most War Democrats rallied to Republican President Abraham Lincoln and the Republicans' National Union Party in 1864, which put Andrew Johnson on the ticket as a Democrat from the South. Johnson replaced Lincoln in 1865 but stayed independent of both parties . The Democrats benefited from white Southerners' resentment of Reconstruction after the war and consequent hostility to the Republican Party. After Redeemers ended Reconstruction in the 1870s, and the extremely violent disenfranchisement of African Americans took place in the 1890s, the South, voting Democratic, became known as the "Solid South." Though Republicans won all but two presidential elections, the Democrats remained competitive. The party was dominated by pro-business Bourbon Democrats led by Samuel J. Tilden and Grover Cleveland, who represented mercantile, banking, and railroad interests; opposed imperialism and overseas expansion; fought for the gold standard; opposed bimetallism; and crusaded against corruption, high taxes, and tariffs. Cleveland was elected to non-consecutive presidential terms in 1884 and 1892.[7]Agrarian Democrats demanding Free Silver overthrew the Bourbon Democrats in 1896 and nominated William Jennings Bryan for the presidency (a nomination repeated by Democrats in 1900 and 1908). Bryan waged a vigorous campaign attacking Eastern moneyed interests, but he lost to Republican William McKinley. The Democrats took control of the House in 1910 and elected Woodrow Wilson as president in 1912 and 1916. Wilson effectively led Congress to put to rest the issues of tariffs, money, and antitrust that had dominated politics for 40 years with new progressive laws. The Great Depression in 1929 that occurred under Republican President Herbert Hoover and the Republican Congress set the stage for a more liberal government; the Democrats controlled the House of Representatives nearly uninterrupted from 1931 until 1995 and won most presidential elections until 1968. Franklin D. Roosevelt, elected to the presidency in 1932, came forth with government programs called the New Deal. New Deal liberalism meant the promotion of social welfare, labor unions, civil rights, and regulation of business. The opponents, who stressed long-term growth, support for business, and low taxes, started calling themselves "conservatives."[8]Issues facing parties and the United States after World War II included the Cold War and the Civil Rights Movement. Republicans attracted conservatives and white Southerners from the Democratic coalition with their resistance to New Deal and Great Society liberalism and the Republicans' use of the Southern strategy. African Americans, who traditionally supported the Republican Party, began supporting Democrats following the ascent of the Franklin Roosevelt administration, the New Deal, and the Civil Rights movement. The Democratic Party's main base of support shifted to the Northeast, marking a dramatic reversal of history. Bill Clinton was elected to the presidency in 1992, governing as a New Democrat. The Democratic Party lost control of Congress in the election of 1994 to the Republican Party. Re-elected in 1996, Clinton was the first Democratic President since Franklin Roosevelt to be elected to two terms. Following twelve years of Republican rule, the Democratic Party regained majority control of both the House and the Senate in the 2006 elections. Some of the party's key issues in the early 21st century in their last national platform have included the methods of how to combat terrorism, homeland security, expanding access to health care, labor rights, environmentalism, and the preservation of liberal government programs.[9] In the 2010 elections, the Democratic Party lost control of the House, but kept a small majority in the Senate (reduced from the 111th Congress). It also lost its majority in state legislatures and state governorships.The Democratic Party traces its origins to the inspiration of Democratic-Republican Party, founded by Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, and other influential opponents of the Federalists in 1792. That party also inspired the Whigs and modern Republicans. Organizationally, the modern Democratic Party truly arose in the 1830s, with the election of Andrew Jackson. Since the division of the Republican Party in the election of 1912, it has gradually positioned itself to the left of the Republican Party on economic and social issues. Until the period following the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Democratic Party was primarily a coalition of two parties divided by region. Southern Democrats were typically given high conservative ratings by the American Conservative Union while northern Democrats were typically given very low ratings. Southern Democrats were a core bloc of the bipartisan conservative coalition which lasted through the Reagan-era. The economically activist philosophy of Franklin D. Roosevelt, which has strongly influenced American liberalism, has shaped much of the party's economic agenda since 1932, and served to tie the two regional factions of the party together until the late 1960s. In fact, Roosevelt's New Deal coalition usually controlled the national government until the 1970s.[10]In 2004, it was the largest political party, with 72 million voters (42.6% of 169 million registered) claiming affiliation. By comparison, the Republican Party had 55 million members at that time.[4] During the first quarter of 2009, 52% of Americans identified more closely with the Democratic party while 39% did so more closely with the Republican Party.[11] A Pew Research Center survey of registered voters released August 2010 stated that 47% identified as Democrats or leaned towards the party, in comparison to 43% of Republicans.[12]Current structure and compositionRegistered Democrats, Republicans, and Independents in 2004.[4]The Democratic National Committee (DNC) is responsible for promoting Democratic campaign activities. While the DNC is responsible for overseeing the process of writing the Democratic Platform, the DNC is more focused on campaign and organizational strategy than public policy. In presidential elections, it supervises the Democratic National Convention. The national convention is, subject to the charter of the party, the ultimate authority within the Democratic Party when it is in session, with the DNC running the party's organization at other times. The DNC is currently chaired by former Virginia Governor Tim Kaine.The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) assists party candidates in House races; its current chairman (selected by the party caucus) is Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland. Similarly, the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee (DSCC), currently headed by Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey, raises large sums for Senate races. The Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee (DLCC), currently chaired by Mike Gronstal of Iowa, is a smaller organization with much less funding that focuses on state legislative races. The DNC sponsors the College Democrats of America (CDA), a student-outreach organization with the goal of training and engaging a new generation of Democratic activists. Democrats Abroad is the organization for Americans living outside the United States; they work to advance the goals of the party and encourage Americans living abroad to support the Democrats. The Young Democrats of America (YDA) is a youth-led organization that attempts to draw in and mobilize young people for Democratic candidates, but operates outside of the DNC. In addition, the recently created branch of the Young Democrats, the Young Democrats High School Caucus, attempts to raise awareness and activism amongst teenagers to not only vote and volunteer, but participate in the future as well. The Democratic Governors Association (DGA), chaired by Governor Brian Schweitzer of Montana, is an organization supporting the candidacies of Democratic gubernatorial nominees and incumbents. Likewise, the mayors of the largest cities and urban centers convene as the National Conference of Democratic Mayors.Each state also has a state committee, made up of elected committee members as well as ex-officio committee members (usually elected officials and representatives of major constituencies), which in turn elects a chair. County, town, city, and ward committees generally are composed of individuals elected at the local level. State and local committees often coordinate campaign activities within their jurisdiction, oversee local conventions and in some cases primaries or caucuses, and may have a role in nominating candidates for elected office under state law. Rarely do they have much funding, but in 2005, DNC Chairman Dean began a program (called the "50 State Strategy") of using DNC national funds to assist all state parties and paying for full-time professional staffers.[13]IdeologyFurther information: Political ideologies in the United StatesandFactions in the Democratic Party (United States)Since the 1890s, the Democratic Party has favored liberal positions (the term "liberal" in this sense describes social liberalism, not classical liberalism). In recent exit polls, the Democratic Party has had broad appeal across all socio-ethno-economic demographics.[14][15][16] Historically, the party has favored farmers, laborers, labor unions, and religious and ethnic minorities; it has opposed unregulated business and finance, and favored progressive income taxes. In foreign policy, internationalism (including interventionism) was a dominant theme from 1913 to the mid-1960s. In the 1930s, the party began advocating welfare spending programs targeted at the poor. The party had a pro-business wing, typified by Al Smith, and a Southern conservative wing that shrank after President Lyndon B. Johnson supported the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The major influences for liberalism were labor unions (which peaked in the 19361952 era), and the African American wing, which has steadily grown since the 1960s. Since the 1970s, environmentalism has been a major new component.In recent decades, the party has adopted a centrist economic and socially progressive agenda, with the voter base having shifted considerably. Today, Democrats advocate more social freedoms, affirmative action, balanced budget, and a free enterprise system tempered by government intervention (mixed economy). The economic policy adopted by the modern Democratic Party, including the former Clinton administration, has been referred to as the "Third Way".[17] The party believes that government should play a role in alleviating poverty and social injustice and use a system of progressive taxation.The Democratic Party, once dominant in the Southeastern United States, is now strongest in the Northeast (Mid-Atlantic and New England), Great Lakes region, and the Pacific Coast (including Hawaii). The Democrats are also very strong in major cities.LiberalsMain articles: Modern liberalism in the United States and Liberalism in the United StatesOpinions of liberals in a 2005 Pew Research Center study.Social liberals (modern liberals) and progressives constitute roughly half of the Democratic voter base. Liberals thereby form the largest united typological demographic within the Democratic base. According to the 2008 exit poll results, liberals constituted 22% of the electorate, and 89% of American liberals favored the candidate of the Democratic Party.[18] White-collar college-educated professionals were mostly Republican until the 1950s; they now compose perhaps the most vital component of the Democratic Party.[19] A large majority of liberals favor universal health care, with many supporting a single-payer system. A majority also favor diplomacy over military action, stem cell research, the legalization of same-sex marriage, secular government, stricter gun control, and environmental protection laws as well as the preservation of abortion rights. Immigration and cultural diversity is deemed positive; liberals favor cultural pluralism, a system in which immigrants retain their native culture in addition to adopting their new culture. They tend to be divided on free trade agreements and organizations such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Most liberals oppose increased military spending and the display of the Ten Commandments in public buildings.[20]This ideological group differs from the traditional organized labor base. According to the Pew Research Center, a plurality of 41% resided in mass affluent households and 49% were college graduates, the highest figure of any typographical group. It was also the fastest growing typological group between the late 1990s and early 2000s.[20] Liberals include most of academia[21] and large portions of the professional class.[14][15][16]ProgressivesMain articles: Progressivism in the United States and Progressive Democrats of AmericaMany progressive Democrats are descendants of the New Left of Democratic presidential candidate Senator George McGovern of South Dakota; others were involved in the presidential candidacies of Vermont Governor Howard Dean and U.S. Representative Dennis Kucinich of Ohio. The Congressional Progressive Caucus (CPC) is a caucus of progressive Democrats, and is the single largest Democratic caucus in the House of Representatives. Its members have included Dennis Kucinich of Ohio, John Conyers of Michigan, Jim McDermott of Washington, John Lewis of Georgia, Barbara Lee of California, the late Senator Paul Wellstone of Minnesota, and Sherrod Brown of Ohio, now a Senator. America Votes and the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights are liberal umbrella organizations that push for progressive causes.Libertarians and civil libertariansSee also: Libertarian DemocratSome libertarians also support the Democratic Party because Democratic positions on such issues as civil rights and separation of church and state are more closely aligned to their own than the positions of the Republican Party. They oppose gun control, the "War on Drugs," protectionism, corporate welfare, government debt, and an interventionist foreign policy. The Democratic Freedom Caucus is an organized group of this faction. Some civil libertarians also support the party because of their support of habeas corpus for unlawful combatants, opposition to torture of suspected terrorists, extraordinary rendition, warrantless wiretapping, indefinite detention without trial or charge, the Patriot Act, the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base and what they see as the erosion of the protections of the Bill of Rights.ConservativesSee also: Southern Democratsand Conservative DemocratsThe Pew Research Center has stated that conservative Democrats represent 15% of registered voters and 14% of the general electorate.[20] In the House of Representatives, the Blue Dog Coalition, a caucus of fiscal and social conservatives and moderates forms part of the Democratic Party's current faction of conservative Democrats. They have acted as a unified voting bloc in the past, giving its forty plus members some ability to change legislation and broker compromises with the Republican Party's leadership. Historically, southern Democrats were generally much more ideologically conservative. In 1972, the last year that a sizable number of conservatives dominated the southern wing of the Democratic Party, the American Conservative Union gave higher ratings to most southern Democratic Senators and Congressmen than it did to Republicans. Today, some Democrats are classified as 'conservatives' based on their socially conservative views to the right of the national party, even though their overall viewpoint is generally more liberal than that of conservative Democrats in the past.[citation needed] Today, most conservative Democrats are considered to be moderates or centrists when compared to conservative Republicans, but relatively conservative when compared to liberal and progressive Democrats.[citation needed]CentristsThough centrist Democrats differ on a variety of issues, they typically foster a mix of political views and ideas. Compared to other Democratic factions, they tend to be supportive of the use of military force, including the war in Iraq, and are more willing to reduce government welfare, as indicated by their support for welfare reform and tax cuts. One of the most influential factions is the Democratic Leadership Council (DLC), a nonprofit organization that advocates centrist positions for the party. The DLC hails President Bill Clinton as proof of the viability of "Third Way" politicians and a DLC success story. Former Representative Harold Ford, Jr. of Tennessee is its current chairman. Centrist Democrats form the New Democrat Coalition in the House of Representatives and Senate.Voter baseSelf-identified Democrats versus self-identified Republicans (JanuaryJune 2010 data).ProfessionalsProfessionals, those who have a college education and whose work revolves around the conceptualization of ideas, have supported the Democratic Party by a slight majority since 2000. Between 1988 and 2000, professionals favored Democrats by a 12-percentage point margin. While the professional class was once a stronghold of the Republican Party, it has become increasingly split between the two parties, leaning in favor of the Democratic Party. The increasing support for Democratic candidates among professionals may be traced to the prevalence of social liberal values among this group.[22]Professionals, who are, roughly speaking, college-educated producers of services and ideas, used to be the most staunchly Republican of all occupational groups... now chiefly working for large corporations and bureaucracies rather than on their own, and heavily influenced by the environmental, civil-rights, and feminist movements began to vote Democratic. In the four elections from 1988 to 2000, they backed Democrats by an average of 52 percent to 40 percent.A study on the political attitudes of medical students, for example, found that "U.S. medical students are considerably more likely to be liberal than conservative and are more likely to be liberal than are other young U.S. adults. Future U.S. physicians may be more receptive to liberal messages than conservative ones, and their political orientation may profoundly affect their health system attitudes."[23] Similar results are found for professors, who are more strongly inclined towards liberalism and the Democratic Party than other occupational groups.[21] The Democratic Party also has strong support among scientists, with 55% identifying as Democrats, 32% as Independents, and 6% as Republicans and 52% identifying as liberal, 35% as moderate, and 9% as conservative.[24]AcademiaSee also: Higher education in the United StatesAcademics, intellectuals, and the highly educated overall constitute an important part of the Democratic voter base. Academia in particular tends to be progressive. In a 2005 survey, nearly 72% of full-time faculty members identified as liberal, while 15% identified as conservative. The social sciences and humanities were the most liberal disciplines while business was the most conservative. Male professors at more advanced stages of their careers as well as those at elite institutions tend be the most liberal.[21] Another survey by UCLA conducted in 2001/02, found 47.6% of scholars identifying as liberal, 34.3% as moderate, and 18% as conservative.[25] Percentages of professors who identified as liberal ranged from 49% in business to over 80% in political science and the humanities.[21] Social scientists, such as Brett O'Bannon of DePauw University, have claimed that the "liberal" opinions of professors seem to have little, if any, effect on the political orientation of students.[26][27] Whether or not that is true, some conservatives and Republicans complain they are offended and even threatened by the liberal atmosphere of college campuses. As of July 2008 the Students for Academic Freedom arm of the David Horowitz Freedom Center, a conservative organization, posted a list of 440 student complaints, most of which pertain to perceived liberal bias of college professors.Some attribute the liberal inclination of American professors to the more liberal outlook of the highly educated.[26]Those with graduate education, have become increasingly Democratic beginning in the 1992,[28] 1996,[28] 2000,[14] 2004,[15] and 2008[29] elections. Intellectualism, the tendency to constantly reexamine issues, or in the words of Edwards Shields, the "penetration beyond the screen of immediate concrete experience," has also been named as an explanation why academia is strongly democratic and liberal.[30][31]Although Democrats are well-represented at the postgraduate level, self-identified Republicans are more likely to have attained a 4-year college degree. The trends for the years 1955 through 2004 are shown by gender in the graphs above, reproduced with permission from Democrats and Republicans Rhetoric and Reality, a book published in 2008 by Joseph Fried. These results are based on surveys conducted by the National Election Studies, supported by the National Science Foundation.[32]YouthStudies have shown that younger voters tend to vote mostly for Democratic candidates in recent years. Despite supporting Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush, the young have voted in favor of the Democratic presidential candidate in every election since Bill Clinton in 1992, and are more likely to identify as liberals than the general population.[33] In the 2004 presidential election, Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry received 54% of the vote from voters of the age group 1829, while Republican George W. Bush received 45% of the vote from the same age group. In the 2006 midterm elections, the Democrats received 60% of the vote from the same age group.[15][16] Polls suggest that younger voters tend to be more liberal than the general population and have more liberal views than the public on same-sex marriage and universal healthcare, helping Barack Obama carry 66% of their votes in 2008. The Young Democrats of America are an affiliated organization of members of the party younger than 36 that advocates for youth issues and works for youth voter turnout.LaborSince the 1930s, a critical component of the Democratic Party coalition has been organized labor. Labor unions supply a great deal of the money, grass roots political organization, and voting base of support for the party. Democrats are far more likely to be represented by unions, although union membership has declined, in general, during the last few decades. This trend is depicted in the following graph from the book, Democrats and Republicans Rhetoric and Reality.[34] It is based on surveys conducted by the National Election Studies (NES).The historic decline in union membership over the past half century has been accompanied by a growing disparity between public sector and private sector union membership percentages. The three most significant labor groupings in the Democratic coalition today are the AFL-CIO and Change to Win labor federations, as well as the National Education Association, a large, unaffiliated teachers' union. Both the AFL-CIO and Change to Win have identified their top legislative priority for 2007 as passage of the Employee Free Choice Act. Other important issues for labor unions include supporting industrial policy (including protectionism) that sustains unionized manufacturing jobs, raising the minimum wage and promoting broad social programs such as Social Security and universal health care.Working classFurther information: Social class in the United StatesAmerican social classesWhile the American working class has lost much of its political strength with the decline of labor unions,[35] it remains a stronghold of the Democratic Party and continues as an essential part of the Democratic base. Today, roughly a third of the American public is estimated to be working class with around 52% being either members of the working or lower classes.[36][37] Yet, as those with lower socioeconomic status are less likely to vote, the working and lower classes are underrepresented in the electorate. The working class is largely distinguished by highly routinized and closely supervised work. It consists mainly of clerical and blue-collar workers.[36] Even though most in the working class are able to afford an adequate standard of living, high economic insecurity and possible personal benefit from an extended social safety net, make the majority of working class person left-of-center on economic issues. Most working class Democrats differ from most liberals, however, in their more socially conservative views. Working class Democrats tend to be more religious and likely to belong to an ethnic minority. Socially conservative and disadvantaged Democrats are among the least educated and lowest earning ideological demographics. In 2005, only 15% had a college degree, compared to 27% at the national average and 49% of liberals, respectively. Together socially conservative and the financially disadvantaged comprised roughly 54% of the Democratic base.[20] The continued importance of the working class votes manifests itself in recent CNN exit polls, which shows that the majority of those with low incomes and little education vote for the Democratic Party.[14][15][16]Women and marital statusAlthough the "gender gap" has varied over many years, women of all ages are more likely than men to identify as Democrats. Recent polls have indicated that 41% of women identify as Democrats while only 25% of women identify as Republicans and 26% as independents, while 32% of men identify as Democrats, 28% as Republicans and 34% as independents. Among ethnic minorities, women also are more likely than males to identify as Democrats. Also Americans living with a domestic partner, are single, are separated but not divorced, or are divorced are more likely than others to vote Democratic. Again women in these categories are more likely than males in these categories to vote Democratic.[38] The National Federation of Democratic Women is an affiliated organization meant to advocate for women's issues. National women's organizations that often support Democratic candidates are Emily's List and the National Organization for Women.LGBT AmericansLesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender Americans typically vote Democratic in national elections within the 70-77% range, according to national media exit polling. In heavily gay precincts in large cities across the nation, the average was higher, ranging from 85-94%. This trend has continued since 1996 when Bill Clinton won 71% of the LGBT vote compared to Bob Doles 16% and 13% for others. In 2000 Al Gore won 70% to George W. Bush's 25% with 5% for others, in 2004 John Kerry won 77% to George W. Bush's 23% and in 2008 Barack Obama won 70% to John McCain's 27% with 3% to others. Patrick Egan, a professor of politics at New York University specializing in LGBT voting patterns, calls this a "remarkable continuity." Saying "about three-fourths vote Democratic and one-fourth Republican from year to year."[39] Notable LGBT Democrats include current Representatives Barney Frank of Massachusetts, Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin, and Jared Polis of Colorado. The late activist Harvey Milk served as a Democrat. The National Stonewall Democrats are an LGBT advocacy group associated with the Democratic Party. The LGBT Equality Caucus is a congressional caucus of 76 Democrats and 1 Republican that work and advocate for LGBT rights within the House of Representatives.African AmericansFrom the end of the Civil War, African Americans almost unanimously favored the Republican Party due to its overwhelming political and more tangible efforts in achieving abolition, particularly through President Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation. The south had long been a Democratic stronghold, favoring a state's right to legal slavery. In addition, the ranks of the fledgling Ku Klux Klan were composed almost entirely of white Democrats angry over poor treatment by northerners, both perceived and actual. However, as years passed and memories waned, African Americans began drifting to the Democratic Party, as Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal programs gave economic relief to all minorities, including African Americans and Hispanics. Support for the Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s by Democratic presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson and a hard-fought Republican congressional movement, helped give the Democrats even larger support among the African American community, which consistently vote between 85-95% Democratic. In addition, recent Caribbean and African immigrants have voted solidly Democratic. Prominent modern-day African-American Democratic politicians include Jim Clyburn, Ed Towns, Maxine Waters, John Lewis, Deval Patrick, Charles Rangel, John Conyers, and the current President of the United States, Barack Obama, who managed to net over 95% of the African American vote in the 2008 election. Despite being unaffiliated, the NAACP often participates in organizing and voter turnout drives and advocates for progressive causes, especially those that affect people of color. Within the House of Representatives, the Congressional Black Caucus, consisting of 44 black Democrats, serves to represent the interests of African Americans and advocate on issues that affect them.Hispanic AmericansThe Hispanic population, particularly the large Mexican American and Salvadoran American population in the Southwest and the large Puerto Rican and Dominican populations in the Northeast, have been strong supporters of the Democratic Party. They commonly favor liberal views on immigration.[citation needed] In the 1996 presidential election, Democratic President Bill Clinton received 72% of the Hispanic vote.[citation needed] Since then, however, the Republican Party has gained increasing support from the Hispanic community, especially among Hispanic Protestants and Pentecostals. Along with Bush's much more liberal views on immigration, President Bush was the first Republican president to gain 40% of the Hispanic vote (he did so in the 2004 presidential election). Yet, the Republican Party's support among Hispanics eroded in the 2006 midterm elections, dropping from 44 to 30 percent, with the Democrats gaining in the Hispanic vote from 55% in 2004 to 69% in 2006.[15][16]The shift in the Hispanic population's support back to the Democratic party was largely due to the immigration debate,[citation needed] which was sparked by H. R. 4437, a Republican enforcement-only bill concerning illegal immigration. Democrats increased their share of the Hispanic vote in the 2008 presidential election, with Barack Obama receiving 67%. Cuban Americans still heavily vote Republican (although some younger Cuban-Americans have begun voting Democratic) but Mexican Americans, Puerto Rican Americans, Dominican Americans, and Central American and South American immigrants have all voted dependably for Democrats.[citation needed] Unaffiliated Hispanic advocacy groups that often support progressive candidates and causes include the National Council of La Raza and the League of United Latin American Citizens. In the House of Representatives, the Democratic caucus of Hispanic Americans is the Congressional Hispanic Caucus.Throughout the decade of the 2000s, 60% of more of Hispanic Roman Catholics registered voters have identified as either Democratic or leaning towards the Party.[12]Asian AmericansThe Democratic Party also has considerable support in the growing Asian American population. Historically, most Asian Americans have tended to hold more pro-business views than other minority groups. Partly for this reason, the Asian American population was a stronghold of the Republican Party through the 1992 presidential election in which George H. W. Bush won 55% of the Asian American vote, compared to Bill Clinton's 31%, and Ross Perot's 15%. The strong Republican support in the past has been due to the votes of anti-communist Vietnamese Americans, Taiwanese Americans, and Chinese Americans, and conservative Korean Americans, Indian Americans, Filipino Americans, and Pakistani Americans. The Democrats made gains among the Asian American population starting with 1996 and in 2006, won 62% of the Asian American vote. This may be due to demographic shifts in the Asian American community, with growing numbers of Chinese and Indian immigrants that are typically fiscal centrists but lean leftward on social policy, and newer generations of more liberal Vietnamese American and Filipino American youth have also began to replace older more conservative generations that have voted reliably Republican. Vietnamese Americans still vote mostly Republican, while Chinese Americans, Japanese Americans, Indian Americans, people of Southeast Asian descent other than Vietnamese, and Pacific Islander Americans have voted mostly Democratic. Americans of Filipino, Korean, and Pakistani descent have recently[when?] begun to lean Democratic. Younger Asian-Americans of all ethnic backgrounds aged 1830 have gravitated towards the Democratic Party in the last few[which?] elections.Native AmericansThe Democratic Party also has strong support among the Native American population, particularly in Arizona, New Mexico, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Washington, Alaska, Idaho, Minnesota, Wisconsin, and North Carolina. Though now a small percentage of the population (virtually non-existent in some regions), most Native American precincts vote Democratic in margins exceeded only by African-Americans.[40]Jewish AmericansSee also: National Jewish Democratic CouncilJewish American communities tend to be a stronghold for the Democratic Party, with more than 70% of Jewish voters having cast their ballots for the Democrats in the 2004 and 2006 elections.[15][16] Support tends to vary among specific sectarian groups. For example, only 13% of Orthodox Jews supported Barack Obama in 2008 while around 60% of Conservative Jews and Reform Jews did so.[41] A 2010 poll by the Pew Research Center found that 60% of self-described Jews identified as Democratic or leaning towards the party, compared to 33% with those feelings towards Republicans.[12]Jews as an important Democratic constituency are especially politically active and influential in large cities such as New York City, Los Angeles, Boston, Chicago and play critical roles in large cities within Presidential Swing States such as Philadelphia, Miami, and Las Vegas. Many prominent national Democrats in recent decades have been Jewish, including Chuck Schumer, Abraham Ribicoff, Henry Waxman, Martin Frost, Joseph Lieberman, Dianne Feinstein, Barney Frank, Barbara Boxer, Paul Wellstone, Rahm Emanuel, Russ Feingold, Herb Kohl, and Howard Metzenbaum.[41]Arab and Muslim AmericansArab Americans and Muslim Americans have leaned Democratic since the Iraq War.[42] Zogby found in June 2007 that 39% of Arab Americans identify as Democrats, 26% as Republicans, and 28% as independents.[42]Arab Americans, generally socially conservative but with more diverse economic views, historically voted Republican until recent years, having supported George W. Bush over Al Gore in 2000.[43]Recent issue stancesThese views are generally held by most Democrats.[citation needed] Some Democrats take other positions on these issues.Economic issuesMinimum wageDemocrats favor a higher minimum wage, and more regular increases. The Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007 was an early component of the Democrats' agenda during the 110th Congress. In 2006, the Democrats supported six state ballot initiatives to increase the minimum wage; all six initiatives passed.Renewable energy and oilDemocrats have opposed tax cuts and incentives to oil companies, favoring a policy of developing domestic renewable energy, such as Montana's state-supported wind farm and "clean coal" programs as well as setting in place a cap and trade policy in hopes of reducing carbon emissions and creating incentives for clean-energy innovations.Fiscal policyDemocrats generally support a more progressive tax structure to provide more services and reduce economic inequality.[44] Currently they have proposed allowing those tax cuts the Bush administration gave to the wealthiest Americans to expire as written in the original legislation while wishing to keep in place those given to the middle class.[44][45] Democrats generally support more government spending on social services while spending less on the military.[46][47] They oppose the cutting of social services, such as Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and various welfare programs,[48] believing it to be harmful to efficiency and social justice. Democrats believe the benefits of social services, in monetary and non-monetary terms, are a more productive labor force and cultured population, and believe that the benefits of this are greater than any benefits that could be derived from lower taxes, especially on top earners, or cuts to social services. Furthermore, Democrats see social services as essential towards providing positive freedom, i.e. freedom derived from economic opportunity. The Democratic-led House of Representatives reinstated the PAYGO (pay-as-you-go) budget rule at the start of the 110th Congress.[49] DNC Chairman Howard Dean has cited Bill Clinton's presidency as a model for fiscal responsibility.Health care reformDemocrats call for "affordable and quality health care," and many advocate an expansion of government intervention in this area. Many Democrats favor national health insurance or universal health care in a variety of forms to address the rising costs of modern health insurance. Some Democrats, such as Representatives John Conyers and John Dingell, have called for a single-payer program of Medicare for All. The Progressive Democrats of America, a group operating inside the Democratic Party, has made single-payer universal health care one of their primary policy goals.[50]Some Democratic governors have supported purchasing Canadian drugs, citing lower costs and budget restrictions as a primary incentive. Recognizing that unpaid insurance bills increase costs to the service provider, who passes the cost on to health-care consumers, many Democrats advocate expansion of health insurance coverage.Policies which most Democrats favor include:ending the ability of insurers to drop coverage when people get sickending lifetime caps on benefits and payments insurers providecreating a nation-wide insurance exchange across state linesdropping the current anti-trust provision for insurance companiesrequiring large businesses to provide employer-based insurancemandating coverage for all Americansending insurance companies ability to discriminate based on pre-existing conditionsproviding subsidies for low to moderate income families and small businessesallowing children to stay on their parents coverage longerthe expansion of Medicare to those aged 55importing Canadian drugs and creating a national public insurance option paid for by premiums and co-pays.Many of these proposals were included in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010.EnvironmentDemocrats believe that the government should protect the environment and have a history of environmentalism. In more recent years, this stance has had as its emphasis alternative energy generation as the basis for an improved economy, greater national security, and general environmental benefits.[51]The Democratic Party also favors expansion of conservation lands and encourages open space and rail travel to relieve highway and airport congestion and improve air quality and economy; it "believe[s] that communities, environmental interests, and government should work together to protect resources while ensuring the vitality of local economies. Once Americans were led to believe they had to make a choice between the economy and the environment. They now know this is a false choice."[52]The most important environmental concern of the Democratic Party is global warming. Democrats, most notably former Vice President Al Gore, have pressed for stern regulation of greenhouse gases. On October 15, 2007, he won the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to build greater knowledge about man-made climate change, and laying the foundations for the measures needed to counteract these changes asserting that "the climate crisis is not a political issue, it is a moral and spiritual challenge to all of humanity."[53]College educationMost Democrats have the long-term aim of having low-cost, publicly funded college education with low tuition fees (like in much of Europe and Canada), which should be available to every eligible American student, or alternatively, with increasing state funding for student financial aid such as the Pell Grant or college tuition tax deduction.[54][55]Trade agreementsThe Democratic Party has a mixed record on international trade agreements that reflects a diversity of viewpoints in the party. The liberal and cosmopolitan wing of the party, including the intelligentsia and college-educated professionals overall, tend to favor globalization, while the organized labor wing of the party opposes it.[56] In the 1990s, the Clinton administration and a number of prominent Democrats pushed through a number of agreements such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Since then, the party's shift away from free trade became evident in the Central American Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA) vote, with 15 House Democrats voting for the agreement and 187 voting against.[57][58]In his 1997 Achieving Our Country, philosopher Richard Rorty, professor at Stanford University states that economic globalization "invites two responses from the Left. The first is to insist that the inequalities between nations need to be mitigated... The second is to insist that the primary responsibility of each democratic nation-state is to its own least advantaged citizens... the first response suggests that the old democracies should open their borders, whereas the second suggests that they should close them. The first response comes naturally to academic leftists, who have always been internationally minded. The second comes naturally to members of trade unions, and to marginally employed people who can most easily be recruited into right-wing populist movements." (p.88)[56]Alternative Minimum TaxWhile the Democratic Party is in support of a progressive tax structure, it has vowed to adjust the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT). The tax was originally designed to tax the rich but now may affect many households, especially those with incomes ranging from $75,000 to $100,000. The party proposed to re-adjust the tax in such a manner as to restore its initial intention. According to a 2007 Reuters News Report, "House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Charles B. Rangel has said he will push for permanent AMT relief for those taxpayers who were never meant to pay it."[59]Social issuesDiscriminationThe Democratic Party supports equal opportunity for all Americans regardless of sex, age, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, or national origin. The Party supports affirmative action programs to further this goal. Democrats also strongly support the Americans with Disabilities Act to prohibit discrimination against people based on physical or mental disability.Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender rightsThe Democratic Party has been divided on the subject of same-sex marriage, though support for it has been increasing and most of the support for same-sex marriage in the United States has come from Democrats. Some members favor civil unions for same-sex couples, others favor full and equal legalized marriage, and others are opposed to same-sex marriage on religious or ideological grounds. Support for same-sex marriage has increased in the past decade according to ABC News. An April 2009 ABC News/Washington Post public opinion poll put support among Democrats at 62%[60] A June 2008 Newsweek poll found that 42% of Democrats support same-sex marriage while 23% support civil unions or domestic partnership laws and 28% oppose any legal recognition at all.[61] The 2004 Democratic National Platform stated that marriage should be defined at the state level and it repudiated the Federal Marriage Amendment.[62] Senator John Kerry, Democratic presidential candidate in 2004, did not support same-sex marriage. Former President Bill Clinton and former Vice President Al Gore said in 2009 that they now support gay marriage.[63][64]President Barack Obama has stated that he considers marriage to be "something sanctified between a man and a woman". He campaigned for the election promising to "give same-sex couples equal legal rights and privileges as married couples" in civil unions.[65] At the same time, Obama opposed California's Prop 8,[66] and he has promised to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act.[65] Obama has stated that generally "decisions about marriage should be left to the states as they always have been."[67] However, when running for the Illinois Senate in 1996, he said that he "unequivocally support(ed) gay marriage" and "favor(ed) legalizing same-sex marriages, and would fight efforts to prohibit such marriages."[68]A broad majority of Democrats have supported other LGBT related laws such as extending hate crime statutes, legally preventing discrimination against LGBT people in the workforce, and repealing Don't ask, don't tell. A 2006 Pew Research Center poll of Democrats found that 55% supported gays adopting children with 40% opposed while 70% support gays in the military with only 23% opposed.[69] Gallup polling from May 2009 stated that 82% of Democrats support open enlistment.[70]Reproductive rightsMost members of the Democratic Party believe that all women should have access to birth control, and support public funding of contraception for poor women. The Democratic Party, in its national platforms from 1992 to 2004, has called for abortion to be "safe, legal and rare" namely, keeping it legal by rejecting laws that allow governmental interference in abortion decisions, and reducing the number of abortions by promoting both knowledge of reproduction and contraception, and incentives for adoption. The wording changed in the 2008 platform. When Congress voted on the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act in 2003, Congressional Democrats were split, with a minority (including current Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid) supporting the ban, and the majority of Democrats opposing the legislation.The Democratic Party opposes attempts to reverse the 1973 Supreme Court decision Roe v. Wade, which declared abortion covered by the constitutionally protected individual right to privacy under the Ninth Amendment, and Planned Parenthood v. Casey, which lays out the legal framework in which government action alleged to violate that right is assessed by courts. As a matter of the right to privacy and of gender equality, many Democrats believe all women should have the ability to choose to abort without governmental interference. They believe that each woman, conferring with her conscience, has the right to choose for herself whether abortion is morally correct. Some Democrats also believe that poor women should have a right to publicly funded abortions.Current Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid self-identifies as 'pro-life', while President Barack Obama and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi self-identify as 'pro-choice'. Groups such as Democrats for Life of America represent the pro-life faction of the party, while groups such as EMILY's List represent the pro-choice faction. A Newsweek poll from October 2006 found that 25% of Democrats were pro-life while a 69% majority was pro-choice.[71] Pro-life Democrats themselves state that they represent over 40% of Democrats.[72]Embryonic stem cell researchThe Democratic Party has voiced strong support for embryonic stem cell research with federal funding.[73] In his 2004 platform, John Kerry affirmed his support of federally funded embryonic stem cell research "under the strictest ethical guidelines," saying, "We will not walk away from the chance to save lives and reduce human suffering."[62] In 2009, Barack Obama lifted the eight-year running ban on embryonic stem cell research and proposed federal funding to further research.Foreign policy issuesInvasion of AfghanistanSee also: Afghanistan United States relationsand International public opinion on the war in AfghanistanDemocrats in the House of Representatives and in the Senate near-unanimously voted for the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Terrorists against "those responsible for the recent attacks launched against the United States" in Afghanistan in 2001, supporting the NATO coalition invasion of the nation. Most elected Democrats continue to support the Afghanistan conflict, and some, such as a Democratic National Committee spokesperson, have voiced concerns that the Iraq War shifted too many resources away from the presence in Afghanistan.[74][75][76] Since 2006, Democratic candidate Barack Obama has called for a "surge" of troops into Afghanistan and, since 2008, Republican candidate John McCain has also called for a "surge".[76]Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and Senator Chuck Schumer expressed support for Obama's plan.[74] Pelosi stated in mid-2008, We need more resources there... We are understaffed there, not only in our military presence, but also in terms of the reconstruction of Afghanistan."[74] After his election as President, Barack Obama sent about 21,000 additional U.S. forces into the country. He has planned to send 68,000 troops by the year's end.[77]Support for the war among the American people has diminished over time, and many Democrats have changed their opinion and now oppose a continuation of the conflict.[77][78] In July 2008, Gallup found that 41% of Democrats called the invasion a "mistake" while a 55% majority disagreed; in contrast, Republicans were more supportive of the war. The survey described Democrats as evenly divided about whether or not more troops should be sent 56% support it if it would mean removing troops from Iraq and only 47% support it otherwise.[78] A CNN survey in August 2009 stated that a majority of Democrats now oppose the war. CNN polling director Keating Holland said, "Nearly two thirds of Republicans support the war in Afghanistan. Three quarters of Democrats oppose the war."[77] An August 2009 Washington Post poll found similar results, and the paper stated that Obama's policies would anger his closest supporters.[79]IsraelSee also: Israel United States relationsThe Democratic Party has both recently and historically supported Israel.[80][81] House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has said, When it comes to Israel, Republicans and Democrats speak with one voice.[82] A 2008 Gallup poll found that 64% say that they have a favorable image of Israel while only 16% say that they have a favorable image of the Palestinian Authority.[80] Within the party, the majority view is held by the Democratic leadership although some members such as John Conyers Jr., George Miller, Nick Rahall, Dave Obey, Pete Stark, Dennis Kucinich, Jim McDermott, and Cynthia McKinney as well as former President Jimmy Carter are less or not supportive of Israel.[81] The party leadership refers to the other side as a "fringe".[81]The 2008 Democratic Party Platform acknowledges a "special relationship with Israel, grounded in shared interests and shared values, and a clear, strong, fundamental commitment to the security of Israel, our strongest ally in the region and its only established democracy." It also included:It is in the best interests of all parties, including the United States, that we take an active role to help secure a lasting settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict with a democratic, viable Palestinian state dedicated to living in peace and security side by side with the Jewish State of Israel. To do so, we must help Israel identify and strengthen those partners who are truly committed to peace, while isolating those who seek conflict and instability, and stand with Israel against those who seek its destruction. The United States and its Quartet partners should continue to isolate Hamas until it renounces terrorism, recognizes Israels right to exist, and abides by past agreements. Sustained American leadership for peace and security will require patient efforts and the personal commitment of the President of the United States. The creation of a Palestinian state through final status negotiations, together with an international compensation mechanism, should resolve the issue of Palestinian refugees by allowing them to settle there, rather than in Israel. All understand that it is unrealistic to expect the outcome of final status negotiations to be a full and complete return to the armistice lines of 1949. Jerusalem is and will remain the capital of Israel. The parties have agreed that Jerusalem is a matter for final status negotiations. It should remain an undivided city accessible to people of all faiths.[83]A January 2009 Pew Research Center study found that, when asked "which side do you sympathize with more", 42% of Democrats and 33% of liberals (a plurality in both groups) sympathize most with the Israelis. Around half of all political moderates and/or independents sided with Israel.[84]Iraq WarIn 2002, Democrats were divided as a majority (29 for, 21 against) in the Senate and a minority of Democrats in the House (81 for, 126 against) voted for the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq. Since then, many prominent Democrats, such as former Senator John Edwards, have expressed regret about this decision, and have called it a mistake, while others, such as Senator Hillary Clinton have criticized the conduct of the war but not repudiated their initial vote for it (though Clinton later went on to repudiate her stance during the 2008 primaries). Referring to Iraq, in April 2007 Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid declared the war to be "lost" while other Democrats (especially during the 2004 presidential election cycle) accused the President of lying to the public about WMDs in Iraq. Amongst lawmakers, Democrats are the most vocal opponents of Operation Iraqi Freedom and campaigned on a platform of withdrawal ahead of the 2006 mid-term elections.A March 2003 CBS News poll taken a few days before the invasion of Iraq found that 34% of Democrats would support it without United Nations backing, 51% would support it only with its backing, and 14% would not support it at all.[85] The Los Angeles Times stated in early April 2003 that 70% of Democrats supported the decision to invade while 27% opposed it.[86] The Pew Research Center stated in August 2007 that opposition increased from 37% during the initial invasion to 74%.[87] In April 2008, a CBS News poll found that about 90% of Democrats disapprove of the Bush administration's conduct and want to end the war within the next year.[88]Democrats in the House of Representatives near-unanimously supported a non-binding resolution disapproving of President Bush's decision to send additional troops into Iraq in 2007. Congressional Democrats overwhelmingly supported military funding legislation that included a provision that set "a timeline for the withdrawal of all US combat troops from Iraq" by March 31, 2008, but also would leave combat forces in Iraq for purposes such as targeted counter-terrorism operations.[89][90] After a veto from the president, and a failed attempt in Congress to override the veto,[91] the U.S. Troop Readiness, Veterans' Care, Katrina Recovery, and Iraq Accountability Appropriations Act, 2007 was passed by Congress and signed by the president after the timetable was dropped. Criticism of the Iraq War subsided after the Iraq War troop surge of 2007 led to a dramatic decrease in Iraqi violence. The Democratic-controlled 110th Congress continued to fund efforts in both Iraq and Afghanistan. Presidential candidate Barack Obama advocated a withdrawal of combat troops within Iraq by late 2010 with a residual force of peacekeeping troops left in place.[92] He stated that both the speed of withdrawal and the amount of troops left over would be "entirely conditions-based."[92]On February 27, 2009, President Obama announced, As a candidate for president, I made clear my support for a timeline of 16 months to carry out this drawdown, while pledging to consult closely with our military commanders upon taking office to ensure that we preserve the gains weve made and protect our troops... Those consultations are now complete, and I have chosen a timeline that will remove our combat brigades over the next 18 months."[93] Around 50,000 non-combat related forces will remain.[93] Obama's plan drew wide bipartisan support, including that of defeated Republican Presidential candidate Senator John McCain.[93]UnilateralismDemocrats usually oppose the doctrine of unilateralism, which dictates that the United States should use military force without any assistance from other nations whenever it believes there is a threat to its security or welfare. They believe the United States should act in the international arena in concert with strong alliances and broad international support. This was a major foreign policy issue of John Kerry's 2004 presidential campaign; his platform attributed rifts with international allies to unilateralism. Barack Obama's 2008 campaign also discussed promoting the image of the United States abroad.In a general sense, the modern Democratic Party is more closely aligned with the international relations theories of liberalism, neoliberalism, and functionalism than realism and neorealism, though realism has some influence on the party. Wilsonian idealism, in which unilateral foreign intervention is justified to end genocide or other humanitarian crises, has also played a major role both historically and currently- with its supporters known as 'liberal hawks'.Political status of Puerto RicoThe Democratic Party has expressed its support for the U.S. Citizens of Puerto Rico to exercise their right to self-determination. Puerto Rico has been under U.S. sovereignty for over a century and Puerto Ricans have been U.S. citizens since 1917, but the islands ultimate status still has not been determined and its 3.9 million residents still do not have voting representation in their national government. The following are the appropriate section from the 2000, 2004 and 2008 party platforms:Democratic Party 2008 PlatformWe believe that the people of Puerto Rico have the right to the political status of their choice, obtained through a fair, neutral, and democratic process of self-determination. The White House and Congress will work with all groups in Puerto Rico to enable the question of Puerto Ricos status to be resolved during the next four years. We also believe that economic conditions in Puerto Rico call for effective and equitable programs to maximize job creation and financial investment. Furthermore, in order to provide fair assistance to those in greatest need, the U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico should receive treatment under federal programs that is comparable to that of citizens in the States. We will phase-out the cap on Medicaid funding and phase-in equal participation in other federal health care assistance programs. Moreover, we will provide equitable treatment to the U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico on programs providing refundable tax credits to working families.[94]Democratic Party 2004 PlatformWe believe that four million disenfranchised American citizens residing in Puerto Rico have the right to the permanent and fully democratic status of their choice. The White House and Congress will clarify the realistic status options for Puerto Rico and enable Puerto Ricans to choose among them.[62]Democratic Party 2000 PlatformPuerto Rico has been under U.S. sovereignty for over a century and Puerto Ricans have been U.S. citizens since 1917, but the islands ultimate status still has not been determined and its 3.9 million residents still do not have voting representation in their national government. These disenfranchised citizens who have contributed greatly to our country in war and peace are entitled to the permanent and fully democratic status of their choice. Democrats will continue to work in the White House and Congress to clarify the options and enable them to choose and to obtain such a status from among all realistic options.[95]Legal issuesTortureMany Democrats are opposed to the use of torture against individuals apprehended and held prisoner by the U.S. military, and hold that categorizing such prisoners as unlawful combatants does not release the U.S. from its obligations under the Geneva Conventions. Democrats contend that torture is inhumane, decreases the United States' moral standing in the world, and produces questionable results. Democrats largely spoke out against waterboarding.USA PATRIOT ActAll but two Democrats in the U.S. Senate voted for the original USA PATRIOT Act legislation. The exceptions were Russell Feingold of Wisconsin, who voted against it, and Mary Landrieu of Louisiana, who abstained. After voicing concerns over the "invasion of privacy" and other civil liberty restrictions of the Act, the Democrats split on the renewal in 2006. Most Republican Senators voted to renew it, while most Democratic Representatives voted against renewal. Renewal was allowed after many of the most invasive clauses in the Act were removed or curbed.Right to privacyThe Democratic Party believes that individuals should have a right to privacy. For example, Democrats have generally opposed the NSA warrantless surveillance of U.S. citizens.Some Democratic officeholders have championed consumer protection laws that limit the sharing of consumer data between corporations. Most Democrats oppose sodomy laws and believe that government should not regulate consensual noncommercial sexual conduct among adults as a matter of personal privacy.Gun controlWith a stated goal of reducing crime and homicide, the Democratic Party has introduced various gun control measures, most notably the Gun Control Act of 1968, the Brady Bill of 1993, and Crime Control Act of 1994. However, some Democrats, especially rural, Southern, and Western Democrats, favor fewer restrictions on firearm possession and warned the party was defeated in the 2000 presidential election in rural areas because of the issue.[96] In the national platform for 2008, the only statement explicitly favoring gun control was a plan calling for renewal of the 1994 Assault Weapons Ban.Death penaltyThe Democratic Party supports the death penalty far less than the Republican Party. Though most Democrats in Congress have never seriously moved to overturn the rarely used federal death penalty, both Russ Feingold and Dennis Kucinich have introduced such bills with little success. Democrats have led efforts to overturn state death penalty laws, particularly in New Jersey and in New Mexico. They have also sought to prevent reinstatement of the death penalty in those states which currently prohibit it, including Massachusetts and New York. During the Clinton administration, Democrats led the expansion of the federal death penalty. These efforts resulted in the passage of the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996, Signed into law by President Clinton, the law heavily limited appeals in death penalty cases.In 1992, 1993, and 1995, Democratic Texas Congressman Henry Gonzlez unsuccessfully introduced the Death Penalty Abolition Amendment which prohibited the use of capital punishment in the United States. Democratic Missouri Congressman William Lacy Clay, Sr. cosponsored the amendment in 1993.During his Illinois Senate career, now-President Barack Obama successfully introduced legislation intended to reduce the likelihood of wrongful convictions in capital cases, requiring videotaping of confessions. When campaigning for the presidency, Obama stated that he supports the limited use of the death penalty, including for people who have been convicted of raping a minor under the age of 12, having opposed the Supreme Court's ruling in Kennedy v. Louisiana that the death penalty was unconstitutional in child rape cases.[97] Obama has stated that he thinks the "death penalty does little to deter crime", and that it is used too frequently and too inconsistently.[98]Name and symbols"A Live Jackass Kicking a Dead Lion" by Thomas Nast. Harper's Weekly, January 19, 1870.Initially calling itself the "Republican Party," Jeffersonians were labeled "Democratic" by the opposition Federalists, with the hope of stigmatizing them as purveyors of democracy or mob rule.[99] By the Jacksonian era, the term "The Democracy" was in use by the party; the name "Democratic Party" was eventually settled upon.[100] In the 20th and 21st centuries, "Democrat Party" is a political epithet that is sometimes used by opponents to refer to the party. In May 2009, conservative members of the rival Republican Party proposed a resolution calling upon the Democratic Party to change its name to the "Democrat Socialist Party", but the resolution was opposed by RNC Chairman Michael Steele and did not pass.[101][102] The current official name of the party is the Democratic Party.The most common mascot symbol for the party is the donkey, although the party never officially adopted this symbol.[103] Andrew Jackson's opponents had labeled him a jackass during the intense mudslinging in 1828. A political cartoon titled "A Modern Balaam and his Ass" depicting Jackson riding and directing a donkey (representing the Democratic Party) was published in 1837. A political cartoon by Thomas Nast in an 1870 edition of Harper's Weekly revived the donkey as a symbol for the Democratic Party. Cartoonists followed Nast and used the donkey to represent the Democrats, and the elephant to represent the Republicans.In the early 20th century, the traditional symbol of the Democratic Party in Midwestern states such as Indiana, Kentucky, Oklahoma and Ohio was the rooster, as opposed to the Republican eagle. This symbol still appears on Oklahoma, Kentucky, Indiana, and West Virginia[104] ballots. In New York, the Democratic ballot symbol is a five-pointed star.[105] For the majority of the 20th century, Missouri Democrats used the Statue of Liberty as their ballot emblem. This meant that when Libertarian candidates received ballot access in Missouri in 1976, they could not use the Statue of Liberty, their national symbol, as the ballot emblem. Missouri Libertarians instead used the Liberty Bell until 1995, when the mule became Missouri's state animal. From 1995 to 2004, there was some confusion among voters, as the Democratic ticket was marked with the Statue of Liberty (used by Libertarians in other states) and the Libertarians' mule was easily mistaken for a Democratic donkey.Although both major political parties (and many minor ones) use the traditional American red, white, and blue colors in their marketing and representations, since election night 2000 the color blue has become the identified color of the Democratic Party, while the color red has become the identified color of the Republican Party. That night, for the first time, all major broadcast television networks used the same color scheme for the electoral map: blue states for Al Gore (Democratic nominee) and red states for George W. Bush (Republican nominee). Since then, the color blue has been widely used by the media to represent the party. This has caused confusion among non-American observers because blue is the traditional color of the right and red the color of the left outside of the United States. For example, in Canada red represents the Liberals, while blue represents the Conservatives. In the United Kingdom, red denotes the Labour Party and blue symbolizes the Conservative Party. Blue has also been used both by party supporters for promotional efforts ActBlue, BuyBlue, BlueFund, as examples and by the party itself in 2006 both for its "Red to Blue Program", created to support Democratic candidates running against Republican incumbents in the midterm elections that year, and on its official website.In September, 2010, the Democratic Party unveiled their new logo, which featured a blue D inside a blue circle. It was the party's first official logo, as the donkey logo had been used as a semi-official party logo.Jefferson-Jackson Day is the annual fundraising event (dinner) held by Democratic Party organizations across the United States.[106] It is named after Presidents Thomas Jefferson and Andrew Jackson, whom the party regards as its distinguished early leaders.The song "Happy Days Are Here Again" is the unofficial song of the Democratic Party. It was used prominently when Franklin D. Roosevelt was nominated for president at the 1932 Democratic National Convention and remains a sentimental favorite for Democrats today. For example, Paul Shaffer played the theme on the Late Show with David Letterman after the Democrats won Congress in 2006. More recently, the emotionally similar song "Beautiful Day" by the band U2 has become a favorite theme song for Democratic candidates. John Kerry used the song during his 2004 presidential campaign, and several Democratic Congressional candidates used it as a celebratory tune in 2006.[107][108] Aaron Copland's Fanfare for the Common Man is traditionally performed at the beginning of the Democratic National Convention.State and territorial partiesAlabama Democratic Party (Site)Alaska Democratic Party (Site)Arizona Democratic Party (Site)Democratic Party of Arkansas (Site)California Democratic Party (Site)Colorado Democratic Party (Site)Democratic State Central Committee of Connecticut (Site)Delaware Democratic Party (Site)District of Columbia Democratic State Committee (Site)Florida Democratic Party (Site)Democratic Party of Georgia (Site)Democratic Party of Hawaii (Site)Idaho Democratic Party (Site)Democratic Party of Illinois (Site)Indiana Democratic Party (Site)Iowa Democratic Party (Site)Kansas Democratic Party (Site)Kentucky Democratic Party (Site)Louisiana Democratic Party (Site)Maine Democratic Party (Site)Maryland Democratic Party (Site)Massachusetts Democratic Party (Site)Michigan Democratic Party (Site)Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party (Site)Democratic Party of the State of Mississippi (Site)Missouri Democratic Party (Site)Montana Democratic Party (Site)Nebraska Democratic Party (Site)Nevada Democratic Party (Site)New Hampshire Democratic Party ( Site)New Jersey Democratic State Committee (Site)Democratic Party of New Mexico (Site)New York State Democratic Committee (Site)North Carolina Democratic Party ( Site)North Dakota Democratic-NPL Party (Site)Ohio Democratic Party (Site)Oklahoma Democratic Party (Site)Democratic Party of Oregon (Site)Pennsylvania Democratic Party (Site)Puerto Rico Democratic Party (Site)Rhode Island Democratic Committee (Site)South Carolina Democratic Party (Site)South Dakota Democratic Party (Site)Tennessee Democratic Party (Site)Texas Democratic Party (Site)Utah Democratic Party (Site)Vermont Democratic Party (Site)Democratic Party of Virginia (Site)Washington State Democratic Party (Site)West Virginia Democratic Party (Site)Democratic Party of Wisconsin (Site)Wyoming Democratic Party (Site)See alsoPolitics portalList of United States Democratic Party presidential ticketsDemocratic organizationsFactions in the Democratic Party (United States)Politics of the United States - Organization of American political partiesPolitical party strength in U.S. states2008 Democratic National ConventionAtari DemocratNational Jewish Democratic CouncilReferences^ Grigsby, Ellen (2008). Analyzing Politics: An Introduction to Political Science. Florence: Cengage Learning. pp.1067. ISBN0495501123. "In the United States, the Democratic Party represents itself as the liberal alternative to the Republicans, but its liberalism is for the most the later version of liberalismmodern liberalism."^ Arnold, N. Scott (2009). Imposing values: an essay on liberalism and regulation. Florence: Oxford University Press. p.3. ISBN0495501123. "Modern liberalism occupies the left-of-center in the traditional political spectrum and is represented by the Democratic Party in the United States."^ Levy, Jonah (2006). The state after statism: new state activities in the age of liberalization. Florence: Harvard University Press. p.198. ISBN0495501123. "In the corporate governance area, the center-left repositioned itself to press for reform. The Democratic Party in the United States used the postbubble scandals and the collapse of share prices to attack the Republican Party...Corporate governance reform fit surprisingly well within the contours of the center-left ideology. The Democratic Party and the SPD have both been committed to the development of the regulatory state as a counterweight to managerial authority, corporate power, and market failure."^ a b c "Neuhart, P. (January 22, 2004). Why politics is fun from catbirds' seats. USA Today'.". January 22, 2004. http://www.usatoday.com/news/opinion/columnist/neuharth/2004-01-22-neuharth_x.htm. Retrieved 2007-07-11.^ Galbraith Schlisinger, Of the People: The 200 Year History of the Democratic Party (1992) ch 1-3^ Robert Allen Rutland, The Democrats: From Jefferson to Clinton (U. of Missouri Press, 1995) ch 1-4^ Rutland, The Democrats: From Jefferson to Clinton (1995) ch 5-6^ Rutland, The Democrats: From Jefferson to Clinton (1995) ch 7^ Rutland, The Democrats: From Jefferson to Clinton (1995) ch 8^ Paul Finkelman and Peter Wallenstein, eds. The Encyclopedia Of American Political History (CQ Press, 2001) , passim, esp. pp 124-26^ Jeffrey M. Jones (30 April 2009). "Democrats Maintain Seven-Point Advantage in Party ID". http://www.gallup.com/poll/118084/Democrats-Maintain-Seven-Point-Advantage-Party.aspx. Retrieved 3 June 2009.^ a b c "Growing Number of Americans Say Obama is a Muslim: SECTION 3: RELIGION AND THE 2010 ELECTIONS - Pew Research Center for the People & the Press". People-press.org. http://people-press.org/report/?pageid=1781. Retrieved 2010-08-29.^ Gilgoff, Dan (2006-07-16). "Dean's List". U.S. News & World Report. http://www.usnews.com/usnews/news/articles/060716/24dems.htm. Retrieved 2007-04-26.^ a b c d "CNN. (2000). Exit Poll.". Archived from the original on 2007-06-30. http://web.archive.org/web/20070630063715/http://www4.cnn.com/ELECTION/2000/results/index.epolls.html. Retrieved 2007-07-11.^ a b c d e f g "CNN. (2004). Exit Poll.". http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/pages/results/states/US/P/00/epolls.0.html. Retrieved 2007-07-11.^ a b c d e f "CNN. (2006). Exit Poll.". http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2006/pages/results/states/US/H/00/epolls.0.html. Retrieved 2007-07-11.^ "Democratic Leadership Council. (June 1, 1998). About the Third Way.". http://www.ndol.org/ndol_ci.cfm?kaid=128&subid=187&contentid=895. Retrieved 2007-07-11.^ "National Exit Polls CNN.com.". http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2008/results/polls/#USP00p1. Retrieved 2009-03-02.^ "Judis, B. J. (July 11, 2003). The trouble with Howard Dean. Salon.com.". http://dir.salon.com/story/news/feature/2003/07/11/dean/index.html. Retrieved 2007-07-19.^ a b c d "Pew Research Center. (May 10, 2005). Beyond Red vs. Blue.". http://people-press.org/reports/display.php3?PageID=945. Retrieved 2007-07-12.^ a b c d "Kurtz, H. (March 29, 2005). College Faculties A Most Liberal Lot, Study Finds. The Washington Post.". March 29, 2005. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A8427-2005Mar28.html. Retrieved 2007-07-02.^ "Judis, J. B. & Teixeira, R. (June 19, 2007). Back to the Future. The American Prospect.". http://72.14.253.104/search?q=cache:bueazvJ1K7IJ:www.prospect.org/cs/articles%3Farticle%3Dback_to_the_future061807+liberals+demographic&hl=en&ct=clnk&cd=14&gl=us. Retrieved 2007-08-19.^ "Frank, E., Carrera, J. & Dharamsi, S. (February 9, 2007). Political Self-characterization of U.S. Medical Students. Journal of General Internal Medicine.". http://www.springerlink.com/content/402j845476w87208/. Retrieved 2007-09-26.^ Public Praises Science; Scientists Fault Public, Media Section 4: Scientists, Politics and Religion.^ "Shea, C. (October 12, 2003). What liberal academia? The Bosoton Globe.". The Boston Globe. December 10, 2003. http://www.boston.com/news/globe/ideas/articles/2003/10/12/what_liberal_academia/. Retrieved 2007-08-19.^ a b "O'Bannon, B. R. (August 27, 2003). In Defense of the 'Liberal' Professor. Indianapolis Star.". http://www.collegenews.org/x2782.xml. Retrieved 2007-07-02.^ "George, D. L. & Medler, J. F. (1996). College Faculty as an Inconsequential Agent of Political Socialization. Department of Political Science, Cal Poly State University, San Louis Obispo.". http://cla.calpoly.edu/~dgeorge/Faculty.Study/Pol.Soc.html. Retrieved 2007-09-25.^ a b The New York Times. http://elections.nytimes.com/2008/results/president/national-exit-polls.html. Retrieved May 1, 2010.^ "Local Exit Polls - Election Center 2008 - Elections & Politics from CNN.com". CNN. http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2008/results/polls/#USP00p1. Retrieved May 1, 2010.^ Shields, E. (1958). The Intellectuals and the Powers: Some Perspectives for Comparative Analysis. Comparative Studies in Society and History, 1(5).^ Lipset, S. M. & Ladd, E. C. (1972). The Politics of American Sociologists. American Journal of Sociology, 78(67), 67104.^ Fried, Joseph, Democrats and Republicans Rhetoric and Reality (New York: Algora Publishing, 2008), 745.^ "Nagourney, A. (June 27, 2007). Young Americans are leaning left, new poll finds. The New York Times.". http://www.nytimes.com/2007/06/27/washington/27poll.html?_r=3&hp=&adxnnl=1&oref=slogin&adxnnlx=1182947253-8kvQkT+aYTOYz/BCpTsRCg&oref=slogin&oref=slogin. Retrieved 2007-04-05.^ Fried, Joseph, Democrats and Republicans Rhetoric and Reality (New York: Algora Publishing, 2008), 126.^ Zweig, Michael (2004). What's Class Got To Do With It, American Society in the Twenty-First Century. New York, NY: Cornell University Press. ISBN0-8014-8899-0.^ a b Gilbert, Dennis (1998). The American Class Structure. New York: Wadsworth Publishing. ISBN0-534-50520-1.^ Thompson, William; Joseph Hickey (2005). Society in Focus. Boston, MA: Pearson. ISBN0-205-41365-X.^ "Women More Likely to Be Democrats, Regardless of Age". Gallup.com. http://www.gallup.com/poll/120839/Women-Likely-Democrats-Regardless-Age.aspx. Retrieved 2010-06-17.^ "press". Law.ucla.edu. 2008-11-26. http://www.law.ucla.edu/williamsinstitute/press/GaySupportForObamaSimilarToDemsInPastElections.html. Retrieved 2010-06-17.^ Dems woo Native American vote. Politico. Published 5/29/08.^ a b Survey. American Jewish Committee Published September 2008. Retrieved April 30, 2009.^ a b Arab-American Voters Say Iraq Top Issue in 2008 Campaign. By Mohamed Elshinnawi. Voice of America. Published July 23, 2007,^ Mideast, Civil Liberties Concern Arab-Americans. By James Q. Lynch. The Gazette (Cedar Rapids-Iowa City). Reprinted by the Arab-American Institute. Published July 19, 2003^ a b "How High Should Taxes Be?". Economics.about.com. 2010-06-12. http://economics.about.com/od/monetaryandfiscalpolicy/a/high_taxes.htm. Retrieved 2010-06-17.^ "Dems in debate urge taxes on wealthiest - OPENERS - Ohio Politics Blog by The Plain Dealer". Blog.cleveland.com. http://blog.cleveland.com/openers/2007/12/dems_in_debate_urge_taxes_on_w.html. Retrieved 2010-06-17.^ Saturday, November 17, 2007 12:01 A.M. EST (2007-11-17). "The Wall Street Journal Online - Hot Topic". Opinionjournal.com. http://opinionjournal.com/weekend/hottopic/?id=110010876. Retrieved 2010-06-17.^ Cox, Wendell. "Budget Resolution Calls for Massive Tax Hikes and Spending Increases". Heritage.org. http://www.heritage.org/Research/budget/wm1460.cfm. Retrieved 2010-06-17.^ U.S. GOVERNMENT > Social Support > The Social Safety Net^ "Day Two: House passes new budget rules". Associated Press. 2007-01-05. http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/16487187. Retrieved 2007-01-05.^ "Progressive Democrats of America - Priorities (Health Care for All)". Pdamerica.org. http://pdamerica.org/policy/priorities.php. Retrieved 2010-06-17.^ "Agenda Environment". http://www.democrats.org/a/national/clean_environment/. Retrieved 2007-03-18.^ "Democratic Party on Environment". http://www.ontheissues.org/Celeb/Democratic_Party_Environment.htm. Retrieved 2007-10-24.^ John Nicols (2007-10-12). "Al Gore Wins Nobel Peace Prize". The Nation.^ "Clinton Joins Key Senate Democrats to Release Report on "The College Cost Crunch"". clinton.senate.gov. 2006-06-28. http://clinton.senate.gov/news/statements/details.cfm?id=258005. Retrieved 2006-11-25.^ Economic Prosperity and Educational Excellence. Retrieved on 2006-11-25.^ a b Rorty, R. (1997). Achieving Our Country: Leftist Thought In Twentieth Century America. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press. ISBN 0674003128^ Weisman, Jonathan (2005-07-06). "CAFTA Reflects Democrats' Shift From Trade Bills". The Washington Post. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/07/05/AR2005070501345_pf.html. Retrieved 2006-12-10.^ Nichols, John (2005-07-28). "CAFTA Vote Outs "Bush Democrats"". The Nation. http://www.thenation.com/blogs/thebeat?bid=1&pid=8874. Retrieved 2006-12-15.^ "Smith, D. (April 14, 2007). Democrat says middle class tax relief a priority. Reuters.". April 15, 2007. http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSN1322551420070415. Retrieved 2007-07-11.^ "Changing Views on Social Issues". April 30, 2009. http://abcnews.go.com/images/PollingUnit/1089a6HotButtonIssues.pdf. Retrieved May 14, 2009.^ Civil Rights related polls from Pollingreport^ a b c The 2004 Democratic National PlatformPDF(111KB)^ "Video: Clinton shifts on gay marriage". CNN. http://ac360.blogs.cnn.com/2009/09/25/video-clinton-shifts-on-gay-marriage/. Retrieved May 1, 2010.^ "Gay men and women should have the same rights // Current". Current.com. 2008-01-17. http://current.com/items/88817757_gay-men-and-women-should-have-the-same-rights.htm. Retrieved 2010-06-17.^ a b LGBT issues. CNN.^ Obama Opposes Gay Marriage Ban. The Washington Post. By Perry Bacon Jr. Published July 2, 2008.^ Obama Statement on Vote Against Constitutional Amendment to Ban Gay Marriage. United States Senate Official Website. Published June 7, 2006.^ "Obama Once Supported Same-Sex Marriage 'Unequivocally'". Huffingtonpost.com. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/01/13/obama-once-supported-same_n_157656.html. Retrieved 2010-06-17.^ Less Opposition to Gay Marriage, Adoption and Military Service. Pew Research Center. Published March 22, 2006.^ Morales, Lymari (June 5, 2009). "Conservatives Shift in Favor of Openly Gay Service Members". Gallup.com. http://www.gallup.com/poll/120764/conservatives-shift-favor-openly-gay-service-members.aspx.^ Abortion related polls from Pollingreport.^ A Pro-Choice Party No More. By Kristin Day. National Review. Published December 02, 2004.^ Those Favoring Stem Cell Research Increases to a 73 to 11 Percent Majority. Harris Interactive. Published August 18, 2004. Retrieved September 1, 2008.^ a b c "Pelosi, Schumer Express Support for Troop Surge in Afghanistan" CNS News. Published August 1, 2008. Retrieved August 22, 2008.^ Democrats say McCain forgot Afghanistan. Boston Globe. Published July 24, 2008. Retrieved August 23, 2008.^ a b John McCain & Barack Obama urge Afghanistan surge. New York Daily News. Published July 15, 2008. Retrieved August 23, 2008.^ a b c Most Americans oppose Afghanistan war: poll. The Australian. Published August 7, 2009. Retrieved August 24, 2009.^ a b "Afghan War Edges Out Iraq as Most Important for U.S." by Frank Newport. Gallup. Published July 30, 2008. Retrieved August 24, 2009.^ Public Opinion in U.S. Turns Against Afghan War. By Jennifer Agiesta and Jon Cohen. Washington Post. Published August 20, 2009. Retrieved August 24, 2009.^ a b Americans Most and Least Favored Nations. By Lydia Saad. Gallup. Published March 3, 2008.^ a b c Left could push pro-Israel voters to GOP. By Jennifer Rubin. The Politico. Published 7-18-07.^ Glazov, Jamie (July 24, 2009). "Alan Dershowitz vs. Melanie Phillips". FrontPage Magazine. http://www.frontpagemag.com/readArticle.aspx?ARTID=35689. Retrieved August 2, 2009.^ "Renewing America's Promise: Democratic Party Platform, 2008". Democrats.org. http://www.democrats.org/a/party/platform.html. Retrieved 2010-06-17.^ Ideological Gaps Over Israel on Both Sides of Atlantic. Pew Research Center. Published January 29, 2009.^ Archive page #16 of polls from Pollingreport^ Archive page #15 of polls from Pollingreport^ Pew Research Center: Along the Iraq-Vietnam Parallel. Pew Research Center. Published Aug 28, 2007.^ Recent polls from Pollingreport.^ Flaherty, Anne (2007-04-26). "Congress passes Iraq bill, veto awaits". The Boston Globe. Associated Press. http://www.boston.com/news/nation/washington/articles/2007/04/26/veto_awaits_iraq_troop_withdrawal_bill/. Retrieved 2007-04-26.[dead link]^ "US Democrats push for 2008 Iraq exit". Reuters. 2007-04-26. http://news.brisbanetimes.com.au/us-democrats-push-for-2008-iraq-exit/20075426-9l4.html. Retrieved 2007-04-26.^ "Democrats fail to override Bush on war funding". International Herald Tribune. 2007-05-02. http://www.iht.com/articles/2007/05/02/africa/prexy.php. Retrieved 2007-05-02.^ a b Obama says conditions to dictate final Iraq force. Reuters. Published July 27, 2008.^ a b c Top Republicans embrace Iraq plan. The Politico. Published February 27, 2009.^ The 2008 Democratic National PlatformPDF(223KB)^ "An Introduction to Puerto Rico's Status Debate". Let Puerto Rico Decide. http://www.letpuertoricodecide.com/details.php?cid=4. Retrieved 2010-06-17.^ Abramsky, Sasha (2005-04-18). "Democrat Killer?". The Nation. http://www.thenation.com/doc/20050418/abramsky. Retrieved 2006-10-10.^ "Obama Backs Death Penalty for Child Rapists". Newser, June 26, 2008. Retrieved 10 June 2009.^ "The Candidates on the Death Penalty". Pew Research Center. Archived from the original on July 4, 2008. http://web.archive.org/web/20080704020036/http://pewforum.org/religion08/compare.php?Issue=Death_Penalty. Retrieved 2009-07-26.^ Appleby, Joyce (2003). Thomas Jefferson. p.81.^ Appleby, Joyce (2003). Thomas Jefferson. p.4.^ Adam Nagourney (May 20, 2009). "R.N.C. Votes Down the Democrat Socialist Party". The New York Times. http://thecaucus.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/05/20/rnc-votes-down-the-democrat-socialist-party/.^ Orr, Jimmy (May 14, 2009). "Socialists offended by Republicans renaming Democrats". The Christian Science Monitor. http://features.csmonitor.com/politics/2009/05/14/socialists-offended-by-republicans-renaming-democrats/.^ History of the Democratic Donkey. Retrieved on 2006-11-15.^ "Barbour County, West Virginia General Election Ballot". 2008-11-04. http://www.wvsos.com/elections/ballots/barbourgen.pdf.^ "Ballots for Upcoming Elections". Schenectady County, New York. http://www.schenectadycounty.com/FullStory.aspx?m=320&amid=930.^ Trotter, Bill (2008-02-11). "Obama sets sights on November battle". Bangor Daily News. Archived from the original on February 28, 2008. http://web.archive.org/web/20080228050855/http://www.bangornews.com/news/t/city.aspx?articleid=160039&zoneid=176. Retrieved 2008-02-12.^ Gruss, Michael (2006-11-21). "Local roast becomes political pep rally for Democrats". The Virginian-Pilot. http://hamptonroads.com/node/185421. Retrieved 2007-04-15.^ Scherer, Michael (2006-11-08). "'The Democrats are ready to lead'". Salon.com. http://www.salon.com/news/feature/2006/11/08/pelosi/. Retrieved 2007-03-18.External linksWikiquote has a collection of quotations related to: Democratic Party (United States)OrganizationsDemocrats.org Official website of the Democratic National CommitteeDemocratic Senate CaucusDemocratic House CaucusDemocratic Senatorial Campaign CommitteeDemocratic Congressional Campaign CommitteeDemocratic Legislative Campaign CommitteeDemocratic Governors AssociationDemocratic Attorneys General AssociationNational Conference of Democratic MayorsNational Federation of Democratic WomenCollege Democrats of AmericaYoung Democrats of AmericaDemocrats AbroadProgressive Democrats of AmericaDemocrats.com "Aggressive Progressive" Democrats, not to be confused with the official Democratic Party site Democrats.orgGeneral2008 National PlatformPDF(434KB), HTML version2004 National PlatformPDF(111KB), HTML versionCharter & BylawsPDF(1.63MB)Democratic Party at the Open Directory ProjectvdeDemocratic PartyChairpersonsof the DNCHallett McLane Smalley Belmont Schell Hewitt Barnum Brice Harrity Jones Taggart Mack McCombs McCormick Cummings White Hull Shaver Raskob Farley Flynn Walker Hannegan McGrath Boyle McKinney Mitchell Butler Jackson Bailey O'Brien Harris O'Brien Westwood Strauss Curtis White Manatt Kirk Brown Wilhelm DeLee Dodd/Fowler Romer/Grossman Rendell/Andrew McAuliffe Dean KainePresidential tickets(bold indicates victory)Jackson/Calhoun Jackson/Van Buren Van Buren/R. M. Johnson Polk/Dallas Cass/Butler Pierce/King Buchanan/Breckinridge Douglas/H. V. Johnson (Breckinridge/Lane, SD) McClellan/Pendleton Seymour/Blair Greeley/Brown Tilden/Hendricks Hancock/English Cleveland/Hendricks Cleveland/Thurman Cleveland/Stevenson I W. J. Bryan/Sewall W. J. Bryan/Stevenson I Parker/H. G. Davis W. J. Bryan/Kern Wilson/Marshall Cox/Roosevelt J. W. Davis/C. W. Bryan Smith/Robinson Roosevelt/Garner Roosevelt/Wallace Roosevelt/Truman Truman/Barkley Stevenson II/Sparkman Stevenson II/Kefauver Kennedy/L. B. Johnson L. B. Johnson/Humphrey Humphrey/Muskie McGovern/(Eagleton, Shriver) Carter/Mondale Mondale/Ferraro Dukakis/Bentsen Clinton/Gore Gore/Lieberman Kerry/Edwards Obama/BidenParties by stateand territoryStateAlabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin WyomingTerritoryDistrict of Columbia Puerto RicoConventions(List)1832 (Baltimore) 1835 (Baltimore) 1840 (Baltimore) 1844 (Baltimore) 1848 (Baltimore) 1852 (Baltimore) 1856 (Cincinnati) 1860 (Baltimore) 1864 (Chicago) 1868 (New York) 1872 (Baltimore) 1876 (Saint Louis) 1880 (Cincinnati) 1884 (Chicago) 1888 (Saint Louis) 1892 (Chicago) 1896 (Chicago) 1900 (Kansas City) 1904 (Saint Louis) 1908 (Denver) 1912 (Baltimore) 1916 (Saint Louis) 1920 (San Francisco) 1924 (New York) 1928 (Houston) 1932 (Chicago) 1936 (Philadelphia) 1940 (Chicago) 1944 (Chicago) 1948 (Philadelphia) 1952 (Chicago) 1956 (Chicago) 1960 (Los Angeles) 1964 (Atlantic City) 1968 (Chicago) 1972 (Miami Beach) 1976 (New York) 1980 (New York) 1984 (San Francisco) 1988 (Atlanta) 1992 (New York) 1996 (Chicago) 2000 (Los Angeles) 2004 (Boston) 2008 (Denver) 2012 (To be determined)Affiliatedorganizations21st Century Democrats America Votes Blue Dog Coalition Center for American Progress College Democrats of America Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Democratic Governors Association Democratic Leadership Council Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee Democrats Abroad National Conference of Democratic Mayors National Federation of Democratic Women National Stonewall Democrats Progressive Democrats of America Young Democrats of America Young Democrats of America High School CaucusRelated articlesHistory SuperdelegatevdeNational political parties in the United States (list)Major partiesDemocratic RepublicanThird partiesLargerConstitution Green LibertarianSmallerAmerica First America's Independent American (1969) American Independent Boston Tea Party Communist Independence Labor Marijuana Modern Whig Objectivist Peace and Freedom Pirate Party Populist Progressive Labor Prohibition Reform Socialism and Liberation Socialist (1973) Socialist Action Socialist Equality Socialist Workers Workers World Working FamiliesHistoricalpartiesAmerican (Know Nothing) Anti-Masonic Black Panther Citizens Conservative Constitutional Union Democratic-Republican FarmerLabor Federalist Free Soil Gold Democrats Greenback Liberal Republican Liberty National Republican National States' Rights National Union Natural Law New Alliance Nullifier Opposition Populist (People's) Progressive (1912 ~ 1924 ~ 1948) Readjuster Silver Silver Republican Socialist (1901) Socialist Labor States Rights (Dixiecrat) Union U.S. Labor WhigPortal:Politics List of political parties by country Presidential nominating conventions Politics of the United StatesvdeUnited States  (Outline)HistoryTimelinePre-Columbian era Colonial era (Thirteen Colonies Colonial American military history) American Revolution (War) Federalist Era War of 1812 Territorial acquisitions Territorial evolution MexicanAmerican War American Civil War Reconstruction era American Indian Wars Gilded Age African-American Civil Rights Movement (18961954) SpanishAmerican War American imperialism World War I Roaring Twenties Great Depression World War II (Home front) Cold War Korean War Space Race African-American Civil Rights Movement (19551968) Feminist Movement Vietnam War Post-Cold War (1991present) War on Terror (War in Afghanistan Iraq War)TopicsDemographic Discoveries Economic Inventions (before 1890 18901945 19461991 after 1991) Military Postal Technological and industrialFederalgovernmentLawConstitution Federalism Preemption Separation of powersBill of Rights Civil libertiesCode of Federal RegulationsFederal ReporterUnited States CodeUnited States ReportsLegislature- CongressSenate Vice President President pro temHouse of Representatives SpeakerExecutive - PresidentExecutive OfficeCabinet / Executive departmentsCivil serviceIndependent agenciesLaw enforcement PoliciesJudiciary - Supreme CourtFederal courtsCourts of appealDistrict courtsIntelligenceIntelligence Community Central Intelligence Agency Defense Intelligence Agency National Security AgencyArmed ForcesDepartment of Defense Air Force Army Marine Corps Navy National GuardDepartment of Homeland Security Coast GuardPoliticsDivisions Elections (Electoral College) Ideologies Local governments Parties (Democratic Party Republican Party Third parties) Political status of Puerto Rico Red states and blue states Scandals State governments Uncle SamGeographyCities, towns, and villages Counties Extreme points Islands Mountains (Peaks Appalachian Rocky) National Park System Regions (Great Plains Mid-Atlantic Midwestern New England Northwestern Southern Southwestern Pacific Western) Rivers (Colorado Columbia Mississippi Missouri Ohio Rio Grande) States Territory Water supply and sanitationEconomyAgriculture Banking Communications Companies Dollar Energy Federal Budget Federal Reserve System Financial position Insurance Mining Public debt Taxation Tourism Trade Transportation Wall StreetSocietyTopicsCrime Demographics Education Family structure Health care Health insurance Incarceration Languages (American English Spanish French) Media People Public holidays Religion SportsSocial classAffluence American Dream Educational attainment Homelessness Homeownership Household income Income inequality Middle class Personal income Poverty Professional and working class conflict Standard of living WealthCultureArchitecture Cinema Cuisine Dance Fashion Flag Folklore Literature Music Philosophy Radio Television Theater Visual artsIssuesAbortion Affirmative action Anti-Americanism Capital punishment Drug policy Energy policy Environmental movement Exceptionalism Gun politics Health care reform Human rights Immigration LGBT rights (Same-sex marriage) Obesity Racism Terrorism Book  Category  Portal  WikiProjectRetrieved from "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_Party_(United_States)"Categories: Political parties established in 1792 | Political parties in the United States | Democratic Party (United States) | Liberal partiesHidden categories: All articles with dead external links | Articles with dead external links from September 2010 | Wikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pages | Wikipedia indefinitely move-protected pages | All articles with unsourced statements | Articles with unsourced statements from May 2010 | Articles with unsourced statements from September 2009 | Articles with unsourced statements from November 2010 | Articles with unsourced statements from December 2008 | Articles with unsourced statements from January 2010 | All pages needing cleanup | Vague or ambiguous time from July 2010 | All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases | Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from July 2010 | Articles with unsourced statements from April 2009 Personal toolsLog in / create accountNamespacesArticleDiscussionVariantsViewsReadView sourceView historyActionsSearchNavigationMain pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaInteractionHelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact WikipediaToolboxWhat links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkCite this page Print/exportCreate a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version LanguagesAsturianuAzrbaycancaBn-lm-gBosanskiCataleskyCymraegDanskDeutschEestiEspaolEsperantoEuskaraFranaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGalegoHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaslenskaItalianoLatinaLatvieuLietuviMagyarBahasa MelayuNederlandsNorsk (bokml)Norsk (nynorsk)OccitanPolskiPortugusRomnShqipSimple EnglishSloveninaSlovenina / SrpskiSrpskohrvatski / SuomiSvenskaTrkeTing Vit This page was last modified on 9 January 2011 at 22:45.Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;additional terms may apply.See Terms of Use for details.Wikipedia is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.Contact usPrivacy policyAbout WikipediaDisclaimers