AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 203Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 36Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 69Corporations or politicians hurting America? 11The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 08, 2011| 443 commentsAZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liarssource: http://crooksandliars.com/breaking-news/az-democratic-congresswoman-shot-eveAn error occurred while setting up video display.toyotabedzrock added thisNPR:  http://minnesota.publicradio.org/features/npr.php?id=132764367U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona was shot outside a grocery store in Tucson while holding a public event, Arizona Public Media reported Saturday.Giffords, who was re-elected to her third term in November, was hosting her first "Congress on Your Corner event at the Safeway in northwest Tucson when a gunman ran up and started shooting. At least five other people, including members of her staff, were hurt, according to Peter Michaels, news director of Arizona Public Media.Giffords was transported to University Medical Center in Tucson. Her condition was not immediately known.Michaels said Giffords was talking to a couple when the man ran up, firing indiscriminately, and then ran off. He was tackled by a bystander.An MSNBC producer at the event tweeted that Giffords was shot in the head, which has yet to be confirmed. Fox News is reporting that three staffers have also been shot.groups:News, Politics, Progressive America tags:Arizona,Shooting,Congresswoman |443 comments// AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liarshide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0im1mjrpainhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDJGb__n0pc&feature=relatedSome people feel Sarah Palin's rhetoric may have played a part in this. 34 minutes agoflag  reply+3mcjkWhat kind of news article does it take for people to have a mature, rational discussion here on Current?  Seriously, multiple people died, and more injured- and most of the comments I am reading are disgusting, pitiful, immature slander.  What does it take?  How do you feel typing insults and sending them off into the sphere of the internet- never actually communicating directly with another person?  Take a step back, and look at these news comment threads- not just here, but on any news site.  Its pathetic.  We people have the ability to communicate instantly with people all over the world, and what we've decided to do with that capability is call each other names. 1 hour agoflag  reply0im1mjrpain"This was a devastating wound that traveled the length of the brain on the left side," Dr. Peter Rhee, trauma director at University Medical Center in Tucson, said during a press conference. 3 hours agoflag  reply+2figgdimensionsend prayers and get well wishes to link 5 hours agoflag  reply-5ayipis  figgdimension:problem with that..MAJORITY of those liberals you are talking to DO NOT BELIEVE IN GOD..so no prayers..LOL 5 hours agoflag  reply0mcjk  ayipis:Why did you say something so ignorant? 1 hour agoflag  reply0Conniepae  ayipis:You are one of the most disgusting posters at current.  Your comments are nothing more than the rantings of a child, seeking attention.You do ruin most conversations, with crude, rude and offensive blather.  I would say 'shame on you', but you have no shame.  The only reason you participate in the discussions is to offend others.  Some say you are a troll?  I don't know if you are a troll, but you are one sad little creature. 18 minutes agoflag  reply+1figgdimensionThis is a tragic day for America.17 others injuredRight now, Rep. Giffords is in critical condition, and there are reports  that at least five people have been killed, including a young child of about nine years old and Justice John M. Roll, the chief judge of the United States District Court for the District of Arizona.Our hearts go out to everyone affected by this terrible tragedy. We've created a Facebook page where we can all post prayers and thoughts for Rep. Giffords, the other victims and their families. You can find it here:http://www.moveon.org/r?r=205705&id=25753-17663758-d_5guex&t=1Gabrielle Giffords is an up-and-coming, shining star in Congress. Anyone who's been around her will tell you that she's smart, passionate, and one of the hardest working members of Congress. Robert Reich, one of her mentors, once said, "I wouldn't be surprised if she's the first or second female president of the United States."1Judge Roll started his legal career as a bailiff in the Pima County Superior Court and worked his way all the way to the federal bench. He was appointed by President George H. W. Bush in 1991 and began serving as presiding judge in 2006.This is such a terrible, confusing, awful thing. Please join us in sending your prayers and wishes to those who are suffering tonight. Here again is the link:http://www.moveon.org/r?r=205705&id=25753-17663758-d_5guex&t=2 5 hours agoflag  reply+2zHellasHere's a video that I think helps with this topic.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwB3o5L5XY0 6 hours agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  zHellas:I hope this does end Sarah Palin's career.   I hope all of her irresponsibility is not forgotten when she tries to run for President.  Good points made pretty rationally. 4 hours agoflag  reply+5KSirysFor all you moronic, racist bigots out there... here's a little story about a Latino that helped, while a White person, shot a congresswoman.... *************************************************Meet Daniel Hernandez, the intern who likely saved Gabrielle Giffords lifeDaniel Hernandez had only been Rep. Gabrielle Giffords' intern for five days, and on Saturday, he may have saved her life.The University of Arizona junior was standing 30 feet away from the Democratic congresswoman when she was shot in the head at a meet-and-greet event in her district, and he immediately rushed to her side. As everyone on hand waited for emergency medical support to arrive, Hernandez held Giffords's head in his lap and applied pressure to her wound.At the same time, Hernandez advised others on providing help for the other 20 others injured and killed in the attackand that quick thinking has led many to label him a hero in Saturday's horrific event."When I heard gunshots, my first instinct was to head toward the congresswoman to make sure that she was okay," Hernandez said in an interview with ABC's Christine Amanpour Sunday. "Once I saw that she was down, and there were more than one victim, I went ahead and started doing the limited triage that I could with what I had."Hernandez, who is 20, told ABC that he simply "shut off all emotion." "I knew I wouldn't be good to anyone if I had a breakdown," he recalled. He noted that he went to help because he had "limited experience in triage and training."He lifted up Giffords' head, because he feared she might choke on her own blood, and used smocks from the grocery store's meat department as a makeshift bandages for her and other victims.Giffords, he says, was alert, but couldn't talk."'Just grab my hand to let me know that you're okay,'" he recalls telling the injured lawmaker.According to Hernandez, she squeezed his hand, and he didn't let go, riding with her in the ambulance to the hospital, where she was rushed into emergency surgery."It was probably not the best idea to run toward the gunshots," he told the Arizona Republic. "But people needed help."http://news.yahoo.com/s/yblog_theticket/20110109/ts_yblog_theticket/meet-daniel-... 8 hours agoflag  reply+2figgdimension  KSirys:A hero first rate 7 hours agoflag  reply+2KSirys  figgdimension:Yes, thank you! 7 hours agoflag  reply+4ArchDruidChristina-Taylor Green, the 9-year-old victim of the shootings, was the daughter of Los Angeles Dodgers scout John Green and the granddaughter of former Phillies pitcher and manager and Cubs general manager Dallas Green.She was a third grader and the lone girl on her Little League baseball team. With an interest in politics, she was at the shopping plaza in Tucson to meet Giffords when the shootings took place.She was born on Sept. 11, 2001 and had been featured in the book "Faces of Hope,' about children who were born on that day. 8 hours agoflag  reply+4figgdimensionYou damn right-wing fanatics always say its the liberals faults for being shot at ridiculous no American left or right deserves this ... It shows your double standard cause if it was anyone from the right you'd be screaming bloody murder your a bunch of fundamentalist hypocrites 9 hours agoflag  reply+3thedirtmanI'd like to offer a different scenario.For years multi-national corporations (MNCs) have been using biological variations between people to manipulate the outcomes of elections.  The amygdala of a conservative could be distinguished from the amygdala of a liberal.  In order to avoid a lengthy discussion in biology, let's just say that conservatives happen to have an "amygdala like this", whereas liberals have an "amygdala like that."  The idea is simple and very much like the concept of a Dr. Seuss tale.  People with an "amygdala like this" are indoctrinated to believe there is something wrong with people who have an "amygdala like that", and it is the same for people with an "amygdala like that".  People with an "amygdala like this" are simply un-American, and un-Christian.  MNCs have found that when people are divided among the lines of amygdalas that are different they can get the powers behind the American nation to agree to things they would never agree upon.  Like NAFTA.  Neither side would support NAFTA, but with manipulation of campaign donations they could cause a specific result.  Voila.  There would be NAFTA.  There would also be unnecessary wars, terrorist acts, and debate over climate change and taxes that would be fruitless.  After a stressful period when the people with an "amygdala like this" seemed to be failing and outnumbered the SCOTUS took an action that would allow the floodgates of corporate money to go to new people.  These people drew crosshairs on diagrams showing locations of leaders of the people with an "amygdala like that" to making targeting easy.  The intention was to bring people with an "amygdala like this" back into power thus redividing the nation, and a restoration of helplessness.One day a diagram fell into the hands of somebody with an amygdala like no one would want.  The result was Tragedy in Tucson. 9 hours agoflag  reply-1crystalmanI sincerely hope she pulls through.....she's a refreshingly non-partisan anomaly on the political scene. Pro-guns, pro-border control and pro Obamacare. Her originality and integrity obviously upset the fuckwit that shot her and is also short-circuiting the brains of the current libgoons. 9 hours agoflag  reply+2congoboy  crystalman:no doubt, the rest of the country could use more true patriots like her. she's in my prayers. 9 hours agoflag  reply0shanklinmike  congoboy:We don't need countries nor masters. Once statism is abolished, there will be no politicians and oligarchs stealing from us and murdering innocent women and children in large scale war, which means there won't be any people pissed off at them for their theft and murderous wars.Of course the guy is a loon, but the point is, this shooting is a nasty side-effect of statism.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOGq_1710U4 9 hours agoflag  reply0ArchDruid  congoboy:with reference to your current avatar, I think the statue of "David" is one of the most beautiful ones I've viewed but Michelangelo was gay, so maybe it was his idea of the perfect man, or perfect boyfriend. Or maybe it was his dream how he would have like to look since he was a very short ugly man? But his great artistic talents are without question. The statue does show his balls but I believe there have been times when they were covered on orders of various Popes. 8 hours agoflag  reply+2ezrierinThe Real Headlines1) Conservatives Shoot and Liberals Call the Cops2) Liberals and Conservatives Demand Stronger Laws, Freedom Takes a Dive Again.- The new laws easily passed congress thanks to bipartisan cooperation. On Capital Hill House Speaker Boner said, This is a great day in America. Today we are more secure, and we can now watch everyone much better, insuring safety.  3) Fascists Blame Liberals for Inciting the Weak Minded4) Fascists Put Blame on Liberals, Liberals Give Incompetent Response.5) President Obama says, I am willing to compromise.6) Conservatives Highlight Other Victims in Look Over Here Not Over There Campaign Spin!7) Two Weeks Later America Thinks Liberals Shot Congresswoman, Corporate Spin Control Successful.8) Corporate Leaks. Occasionally a Corporate lackey or two will go rogue. The standard operating procedure is to get the government to cage them. We make a big buck off private prisons. Then we call our employees on Capital Hill and those politicians put on a show and get Americans to believe all is quite now. Its a lot like putting a crying baby back to sleep with a little brandy on his gums. LOL! Nothing changes this way. wake up idiots 9 hours agoflag  reply0congoboy  ezrierin:nice spin ez! what you been smoking today? its kinda early 9 hours agoflag  reply0ezrierin  congoboy:What do u think I have been smoking? No a better question is, how in the heck did you know? LOL! 9 hours agoflag  reply+2ozoneoceanNow they're saying he possibly has ties to an anti-Semitic, anti-government group that supports the Tea Party movement.That'll make Cryslaman's mind go splody :(http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0111/47308.html 10 hours agoflag  reply0figgdimension  ozoneocean:of coarse  he was because they've been recruiting mentally challenged and socially inept potheads (and i mean there heads are shaped like large pots!  not the other kind ) 5 hours agoflag  replyayipisThis comment was removed as a violation of community guidelines.+6ozoneocean  ayipis:You want to suck liberal balls? WTF? I can understand your retard gibberish.Let me get this straight- you're using a vile murder by an insane libitarian 22 year old  kid as a way to try and score cheap political points through childish misrepresenatation? 10 hours agoflag  reply+5EmperorThan  ayipis:He was so liberal he shot a Democrat and is now being praised by the staunchly conservative Westboro Baptist Church??? Yeah, cus that makes sense. 10 hours agoflag  reply-5congoboy  EmperorThan:about as much sense as you usually make 9 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  ozoneocean:works for me 9 hours agoflag  reply-1ayipis  EmperorThan:liberalism DOES NOT MAKE SENSE..LOL 5 hours agoflag  reply+3EmperorThan  ayipis:Fundamentalism of ANY KIND does not make sense. 5 hours agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  EmperorThan:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPlDKLuCny8Except RIF.  It is the only fundamentalism that I will get behind. 3 hours agoflag  reply0mcjk  ayipis:Please contribute appropriate comments to the Current community.  Trying to offend people doesn't do any good. 1 hour agoflag  reply-5ayipishttp://www.ktla.com/news/landing/ktla-jared-lee-loughner-profile,0,3468158.storyOne former high school friend Tweeted about knowing the accused gunman:"He was a pot head and into rock, like Hendrix, The Doors, Anti-Flag," she wrote. "I haven't seen him in person since 2007 in a sign language class. As I knew him he was left wing, quite liberal and oddly obsessed with the 2012 prophecy. He had a lot of friends until he got alcohol poisoning in 2006 and dropped out of school. Mainly a loner, very philosophical."*****************************wow!!! i think this person is one of those current tv liberals who likes to throw insults and correct people's language skills LOL..HOMEGROWN TERRORISTS...they belong in the "list" LOL 10 hours agoflag  reply-1crystalman  ayipis:It's creepy to think he could have been on here. 10 hours agoflag  reply+2ozoneocean  crystalman:Is it creepy that loughner reminds me of you? 10 hours agoflag  reply-4ayipisOne high school peer, Grant Wiens, 22, said Loughner seemed to be "floating through life" and "doing his own thing".He said: "Sometimes religion was brought up, or drugs. He smoked pot, I don't know how regularly. And he wasn't too keen on religion, from what I could tell."Lynda Sorenson said she took a class with Loughner last summer at Pima community college. He was "obviously very disturbed", she told the Arizona Daily Star. "He disrupted class frequently with nonsensical outbursts."**********http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/jan/09/jared-lee-loughner-troubled-past*******LOL...if the government is going to crack down on these loonies..current tv liberals would be a good start..LOL 10 hours agoflag  reply+2ozoneocean  ayipis:You guys could be twins man! This is uncanny!Please tell me you haven't got a gun... O_O 10 hours agoflag  reply-1ayipis  ozoneocean:i like to hear you squirm....LOL.. 5 hours agoflag  reply-5congoboyAs some of you know, there was a shooting in which Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, a Democrat, was shot in the head with a Republican federal judge and a six month old baby being killed, There were also up to 19 others injured before the suspect, a man named Jared Lee Loughner was wrestled to the ground.The first I heard of the shooting was by leftwingers who admitted they didn't know anything about the shooter but were nonetheless attacking the shooter as a rightwing extremist. Likewise, they were attacking Sarah Palin because she had made Giffords one of her targets to focus on removing from office in the elections.This isn't the first time the left has done this. In fact, it has become almost tragic in itself how many times they jumped the gun claiming a rightwing perpetrator only to find out the perpetrator was a Liberal, a Muslim or a Democrat whereas they are screaming the perpetrator is a rightwing Conservative, Republican, white male Christian racist hater.Once again, they are in error and it is past time for this hatemongering nonsense to end. With absolutely no proof or knowledge in this case as to the nature of the perpetrator, almost as soon as word of the shooting hit the news airwaves... they were out in force all over the internet screaming it was the political right. After all, what reason would a leftwinger have to do this?Gabrielle Giffords represents a largely Conservative voting district meaning she would unlikely have been elected if she didn't have some appeal for Conservatives and Independents. In fact, while it is said that her views largely do lean left... she does indeed support the political right on many issues with one of these issues ironically being that she is against gun control.http://www.sodahead.com/united-states/jared-lee-loughner-another-tragedy-where-t... 11 hours agoflag  reply-7ayipis  congoboy:what you are seeing is what you call the drowning effect...liberals trying to breath air underwater..they are not trying to cover that 100 lb liberal shit that this idiot left in the middle of the room..soon it will stink up the whole place  and WE BE FORCED to deal with these liberals LOL 10 hours agoflag  reply0PzLuvHappeniz  ayipis:Do you realize that you conservatives need us liberals just like liberals need conservatives, the system won't work with only one side in control.  There needs to be a balance or else everything will go to shit, more so than it already has.  So please stop being such a fucking idiot and pretending like the liberals are the root of all evil because you guys are as much at fault as we are. 9 hours agoflag  reply-3congoboy  ayipis:im already wretching 9 hours agoflag  reply-3congoboy  PzLuvHappeniz:no one said all liberals. but the burden of proof is on you 9 hours agoflag  reply0mcjk  ayipis:ayipis,What are you trying to do, rambling here on Current?  Is this productive? 1 hour agoflag  reply+7DogBoySymptoms of the fault lines. No body deserves that. 11 hours agoflag  reply-3galwaymanWhile my heart goes out to Rep.Giffords,her family,the other victims and their families,and I in no way support actions like this,the liberals will use this incident to blacken the reputation of anyone who disagrees with their policies and world view and in the process try to silence all opposition to policies that aren't right for America or the American people! The vast majority of those of us who disagree with these policies would never resort to this type of demented terrorism and believe that the direction the liberals have taken this country is clearly wrong and we can't allow this horrific incident to silence our opposition! 12 hours agoflag  reply+3DogBoy  galwayman:I don't believe you speak for the majority. Don't worry about right conservatism  I am sure it will endure . 11 hours agoflag  reply-2congoboy  DogBoy:galway does speak for the majority of americans. since obama, the leftylibs no longer fit in that catagory so dont count as even being close to a majority 10 hours agoflag  reply+1DogBoy  congoboy:You all are delusional. No body can account for the majority. Everyone bonds according preferences and I really doubt that in this country any one group forms an absolute majority. Shaking alliances maybe. You may speak for many but not the majority.And that's "category" not "catagory" numnutz. 8 hours agoflag  reply+5wtthfkovrThe people who make false statements and innuendos who call for people to become armed and dangerous, claim that you cant trust the currency and should buy gold to get people all fired up are responsible for this. There are consequences to your words when you get the nut cases fired up 12 hours agoflag  reply-4congoboy  wtthfkovr:funny thing, ever since the media outlets on both sides of the political spectrum have been hard selling gold something has told me that something smells fishy. at least glen beck responsibly states in all his promos that gold may not be for everyone and to study it for yourself before making a decision. only an idiot would believe the dollar is still goin strong in the worlds current economy and our multi trillion dollar dept to china. we can only hope, that as it always has previously after times of trouble,  the american economy, job market, and dollar will once again become strong. there's a big difference to being armed and being armed and dangerous. responsible stable folks are armed. its the whackos that make being armed dangerous. fortunately for us all the latter is in a small minority and the rest of us responsible gun owners can arm ourselves proudly the way our founding fathers and the constitution meant it to be. 12 hours agoflag  reply+6postlapsaria  congoboy:so you have a musket?  Like they intended?You're armed in case our small military can't get to your village fast enough to protect you from an invading army?  Like they inteded?If you want to have guns just because, fine, if you like hunting, fine, but don't claim you're excercising your rights because you know having a glock, a revolver, and a couple of shotguns for your suburban life, or your 1 bedroom apartment in your city highrise is NOT the "intention" of the 2nd amemdment. 12 hours agoflag  reply+2navider  congoboy:You do mean the right wing media that is run by conservative billionaires right? 12 hours agoflag  reply-4congoboy  postlapsaria:i have the right to bear any and as many legal arms for whatever my personal reasons may be. it doesnt matter what type of dwelling i reside in or where its at. i am a legal citizen of the united states and as long as i am lawful you nor anyone else has any business to whether i own a bb gun or have an arsenal of 1000 high powered weapons to fend off liberal zombies or shoot squirrels in my back yard. as difficult as it is for you leftylibs,  it would be nice if you minded your own business and kept out of the business of law abiding, fee thinking, open minded conservative americans the way the constitution intended. 11 hours agoflag  reply0congoboy  navider:naw, your leftylib media has us outnumbered 10 to 1 11 hours agoflag  reply+1postlapsaria  congoboy:so you don't even read comments now?I said the exact same things your wrote, "have a gun for whatever, fine."  it's none of my business. and I'm not implying you shouldn't have guns at all.  All I ask is stop trying to claim that your right to bear arms is the same as george washington's, times and guns and the need for guns are different, don't claim otherwise. 10 hours agoflag  reply0congoboy  postlapsaria:i guess it all depends on weather you take the constitution as it was meant or twist it to make a point. 10 hours agoflag  reply+1postlapsaria  congoboy:so you're twisting it to make a point?because my original comment was "that's not how the constitution was meant."  you SERIOUSLY must not be reading my posts.i thought twisting the constitution was a no-no for you guys. 10 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  postlapsaria:uh huh 9 hours agoflag  reply+1navider  congoboy:Obviously your the delusional one here. How does it feel to live on mars? 8 hours agoflag  reply+2gepma44why is it that the only one getting attention is the congresswoman? werent other people shot? why are the news reports focusing on her? are elected officals More important? People have died but the only story is her WHY.....wHY AM I THE ONLY ONE COGNIZANT OF THIS.even currenttv has joined the madness I have counted 5 stories posted and they all concentrate on the fact that a congresswoman was shot.  What about the regular people who were hurt or killed. Dont thay rate a HEADLINE 13 hours agoflag  reply-3congoboy  gepma44:its because she is a democrat and the biased left wing media is trying to prove some kind of twisted logic point. try fox news for a breath of fresh air,  where they are talking also about the other victims including the poor 10 year old girl who was killed by this left wing whacko 12 hours agoflag  reply+2navider  congoboy:Blame the dems when your crazy freaks KILL people...Nice touch! 12 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  navider:sounds fair to me since all the leftylibs are always blaming every world ill on the whitey conservative 12 hours agoflag  reply+2postlapsaria  congoboy:the headline isn't "10 year old shot outside of grocery store in AZ" there's at least the tie in to it being the congress woman's event.  She's obviously the news in this story, hundreds of people are killed everyday, the news doesn't have time to do a story on all of them...stop reaching for straws to prove how crazy the "left wing" is.as far as wacko, the "right wing" shouldn't be throwing stones, and as much as you may decide to analyze the crazies on the right and prove that they aren't really "right wing" doesn't change the fact that they blanketly hate "the left" 12 hours agoflag  reply+2postlapsaria  gepma44:I understand your outcry, obviously there's more people who deserve mention in this story.  But you HAVE to know that they can't do that on the tv.  you can't make a graphic for every death in america everyday.She represented thousands of people, (at least) hundreds REALLY liked her and would care about her well being.  that's why there's a story on her.  the tragedy of the other deaths is mentioned and then they move on.  other than an emphathetic sadness, AZ and America won't mourn the other people as much as the congresswoman.It's not heartless-ness, it's ratings which is business... which unfortunately usually equals heartless-ness behavior. 11 hours agoflag  reply-2congoboy  postlapsaria:same could be said for the lefts blanketly hate for the right and its even more pervasive. generally the right is a stabler freedom loving group of folks who dont waste their time worrying or obsessing what the left is doing. and we dont have to reach for straws, the evidence is conclusive. peace 11 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  postlapsaria:This isn't the first time the left has done this. In fact, it has become almost tragic in itself how many times they jumped the gun claiming a rightwing perpetrator only to find out the perpetrator was a Liberal, a Muslim or a Democrat whereas they are screaming the perpetrator is a rightwing Conservative, Republican, white male Christian racist hater.Once again, they are in error and it is past time for this hatemongering nonsense to end. With absolutely no proof or knowledge in this case as to the nature of the perpetrator, almost as soon as word of the shooting hit the news airwaves... they were out in force all over the internet screaming it was the political right. After all, what reason would a leftwinger have to do this? 11 hours agoflag  reply0postlapsaria  congoboy:true, we may blanketly hate the right, but that's because they do such a great job of toting party line.libs fall into ideals, so yea we all sound the same, because we do basic civic things for human beings.  and to us, the right seems to do evil shit just because that's policy.  like tax breaks for the rich.  how does that make any sense outside of the republican "trickle down" universe?so it's easier to just hate them first and then see if they change our mind.  like mccain did in the early 2000's when we liked him... and then guess what, he took up republican principles and now he's a grumpy old man with stupid views so we hate him again. 10 hours agoflag  reply+1postlapsaria  congoboy:claim all you want, but unless you tell me about all the times we "hatemonger" I can't believe you... you know, cuz you guys lie a lot. 10 hours agoflag  reply0postlapsaria  congoboy:well they blame AMERICA's (not the world's) problem on conservatives... it just so happens they're usually whitey. 10 hours agoflag  reply0postlapsaria  congoboy:stable?  how?  by yelling that Obama is hitler?  thinking he's a secret muslim disguising his identity behind 20 years of going to church and a christian wedding?  yelling about socialism because we want people to be able to get health care?whose freedom do they love?  they don't love gay people's freedom.  or muslim americans, they don't care about woman's freedom to do what she wants with her pregnancy.  fuck our beliefs if it doesn't fit into the God created the earth idea.  so they love their freedom to be bigots, not pay taxes (even though most americans paid more under Bush)and front page news that Obama is wearing sandals, how why he's in so and so when he SHOULD be in --, how long it took him to say anything about BP.  how often he uses teleprompters, how deep he bends from the waist when in foreign countries... and there's more.that's not obsessive?i told you to not reach for straws on how the left is crazy, and your response is to tell me the right is a nice group of people.  what about your comment "proves, conclusively" that the left is crazy?you suck at posting. 10 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  postlapsaria:must be good karma 10 hours agoflag  reply-2congoboy  postlapsaria:do some research 10 hours agoflag  reply-3congoboy  postlapsaria:We assume the rich give more than the middle class, the middle class more than the poor. I've heard liberals care more about the less fortunate, so we assume they give more than conservatives do. Are these assumptions truth, or myth?To test what types of people give more, "20/20" went to two very different parts of the country, with contrasting populations: Sioux Falls, S.D. and San Francisco, Calif. The Salvation Army set up buckets at the busiest locations in each city -- Macy's in San Francisco and Wal-Mart in Sioux Falls. Which bucket collected more money?Sioux Falls is rural and religious; half of the population goes to church every week. People in San Francisco make much more money, are predominantly liberal, and just 14 percent of people in San Francisco attend church every week. Liberals are said to care more about helping the poor; so did people in San Francisco give more?It turns out that this idea that liberals give moreis a myth. Of the top 25 states where people give an above average percent of their income, 24 were red states in the last presidential election.Arthur Brooks, the author of "Who Really Cares," says that "when you look at the data, it turns out the conservatives give about 30 percent more." He adds, "And incidentally, conservative-headed families make slightly less money."And he says the differences in giving goes beyond money, pointing out that conservatives are 18 percent more likely to donate blood. He says this difference is not about politics, but about the different way conservatives and liberals view government."You find that people who believe it's the government's job to make incomes more equal, are far less likely to give their money away," Brooks says. In fact, people who disagree with the statement, "The government has a basic responsibility to take care of the people who can't take care of themselves," are 27 percent more likely to give to charity. http://abcnews.go.com/2020/story?id=2682730&page=1 10 hours agoflag  reply0postlapsaria  congoboy:I don't know what this is a reply to, since the comments aren't nested on this site...do some research on what?  please educate me oh wise one, where should I turn? 10 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  postlapsaria:thanks 9 hours agoflag  reply-2congoboy  postlapsaria:libs fall into ideals, so yea we all sound the same, because we do basic civic things for human beings. and to us, the right seems to do evil shit just because that's policy. like tax breaks for the rich. how does that make any sense outside of the republican "trickle down" universe?so it's easier to just hate them first and then see if they change our mind. like mccain did in the early 2000's when we liked him... and then guess what, he took up republican principles and now he's a grumpy old man with stupid views so we hate him again. 9 hours agoflag  reply+1navider  congoboy:You have no idea what your talking about!It's ok though the rest of the world just pretends that your team does not exist. 9 hours agoflag  reply+1navider  congoboy:Liberalism is the definition of free thinking genius! 9 hours agoflag  reply+1navider  congoboy:Your like a blind man in a gangbang.Amazing how foolish you are. 9 hours agoflag  reply-3crystalmanhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uRjwPWaxiY&feature=player_embeddedThis is from his youtube channel. Total lefty loon. 14 hours agoflag  reply+2navider  crystalman:It's amazing how you Cons try to justify THEIR crazy rhetoric!! 12 hours agoflag  reply0galwayman  crystalman:It is really strange that this lefty loon would try to kill one of his own although Rep. Giffords was a lot more moderate then most of them! 11 hours agoflag  reply-3congoboy  galwayman:i also find it confusing why this left wing whacko would attempt to kill off one of his own along with the murder of a 10 year old child. maybe its from the fractured family syndrome or all the permissiveness, drug use, and lack of love that prevails in many liberal households. 10 hours agoflag  reply-4crystalmanhttp://atlasshrugs2000.typepad.com/atlas_shrugs/2011/01/daily-kos-ginned-up-hate...SCREENSHOT: Daily KOS Ginned up Hate Against Arizona's Gabrielle Giffords -- "My CongressWOMAN voted against Nancy Pelosi! And is now DEAD to me!" 14 hours agoflag  reply+3postlapsaria  crystalman:so tea party candidates/supporters talking about 2nd amemdment solutions?sarah palin telling people to reload?implying the left is taking/ruining YOUR country?obama is hitler.elected officials yelling INSIDE the congress, "hell no you don't!"  "you lie!"supreme court justices reacting negatively to to the presidents speech INSIDE congress.that's not ginning? 11 hours agoflag  reply-2congoboy  postlapsaria:all true and guilty as charged. so whats your point? 11 hours agoflag  reply+1postlapsaria  congoboy:so it's true, you're guilty as charged?  that republicans are ginning hatred?  you're proud of it?my point: that's wrong, that's evil, you're mostly all assholes.  you agree with that too? 10 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  postlapsaria:you never stated hatred nor was i admitting to it. all the fine attributes listed in your above comment have nothing to do with hatred but are all good qualities found in peace loving, free thinking, open minded americans. only a leftylib would turn pure logic into some kind of hate speech. those are the kind of notions that drive leftwing whacko folks like jared to killing his own kind 10 hours agoflag  reply+1postlapsaria  congoboy:what are you talking about?  fine attritubes?  being disrespectful to the opposing party president, implying that guns fix everything?  repeating fox news talking points (wrong ones, based on fiction)that's peace loving? free thinking open minded?what logic? 10 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  postlapsaria:what logic? i asked you first. why do you continue to misrepresent, misquote, take out of context or down right make up shit. just cause the media you quote does doesnt make it real. 9 hours agoflag  reply-3crystalmanI strongly recommend that left wing defamers and smear merchants tamp down their evil rhetoric and false accusations. Left wing politicians blaming the tea party (before the gunman was named), left wing hate sites blaming Sarah Palin and Rush et al for one of their murderous own. It's always one of their own.They foam at the mouth with conspiracy theories and outrageous accusations. This slaughterer was a liberal. This is what they teach, this is the poisonous fruit of their indoctrination. Clearly, Loughner is sick, mentally ill -- but suckling at the lefty teat is deadly poison for the soul. 14 hours agoflag  reply-5congoboy  crystalman:i've said it before and i'll say it again. liberalism is a mental disorder 13 hours agoflag  reply+4navider  congoboy:And not believing in dinosaurs is not a mental disorder?..................Also you do realize that leonardo da vinci was as liberal as it gets right? Your profile image is as ironic as you claiming you know whats going on!Or do you actually think that leonardo da vinci's his work was conservative in nature? 12 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  navider:it was psychotic in nature. any stable conservative or liberal does not attempt to kill or wish dead people they disagree with. she was a bit too right leaning for many democrats though so i can see a correlation in regards to a left wing whacko takin out a right leaning dem. most folks believe in dinosaurs but youll also find fundamentalist whacko's both left and right who disagree 11 hours agoflag  reply+2navider  congoboy:Nope ONLY the cons disagree on the existence of dinosaurs!!..................Like sarah palin!! 11 hours agoflag  reply0postlapsaria  crystalman:true, everyone did jump to the conclusion that he was a rightist.  i'll give you that.but the rest of your complaining is just stupid, "that's they're way"?  what are you talking about?  how many crazy left wing "loons" have killed people because of political reasons?  "it's always one of their own"?  HA!These "Slaughterers" weren't liberal (not all succeeded)http://www.foxnews.com/us/2010/03/28/arrests-alleged-militia-activity-midwest/http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,526359,00.htmlhttp://www2.indystar.com/library/factfiles/crime/national/1995/oklahoma_city_bom...http://www.kansas.com/2009/06/01/834444/suspect-in-shooting-death-of-abortion.ht...http://www.azcentral.com/arizonarepublic/local/articles/2009/06/26/20090626bombi...http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-504083_162-5089065-504083.htmlhttp://www.boston.com/news/nation/washington/articles/2009/05/11/obama_election_...All but one of those (and there's LOTS more) are just from Obama's first year.  Lucky for the small time american terrorists that the news was dominated by Yemen terrorists in 2010.so, they're always one of our own? 11 hours agoflag  reply0postlapsaria  congoboy:how so?what's wrong with helping people?making sure our schools and roads and public services like firemen, cops and teachers are up to par.what's wrong with regulating our food?what's wrong with trying to regulate rich smart people who don't give a shit about gambling with our money and screwing the economy?what's wrong with using people's tax money to provide for people?what's wrong with trying to ensure people can see a doctor or not have to worry about being too poor to get sick?what's so stupid, or evil -- plain unacceptable about taking care of our fellow citizens?that's what makes this the greatest country in the world.  we work together, for eachother.  we're not every man for themselves, like african countries constantly fighting.  we're not everyone for the country, like communists nations that have fallen.  we HAD a great mix of working together to prosper.explain the illness. 11 hours agoflag  reply-2congoboy  navider:gotta like how you leftylibs make shit up, exaggerate things or change the subject when youre on the losing end of an argument 11 hours agoflag  reply+1Prijedor  congoboy:You are the one with a mental disorder 11 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  postlapsaria:nothing as long as its well thought out, done realistically, responsibly and can be paid for without putting an unfair burden on the economy and the citizens of america.  pushing through legislation most dont want or understand by folks who havent even read it including the politicians shoving it down our throats. there is a balance somewhere that is either ignored or hasent been properly addressed. 11 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  navider:again another leftylib on the losing side of an argument misquoting or making shit up...Does Sarah Palin believe that dinosaurs were alive 4000 years ago?ISarah Palin is Not a Literal CreationistSarah Palin has apparently stated that she considers herself a creationist in the sense that she thinks God is behind all evolution. However, Sarah Palin is not a literal Creationist in the sense that she believes the world was created in 7 literal days and is only a few thousand years old. She is flexible with dating in the Bible and according to her church does not believe that Dinosaurs literally roamed Earth with man. Some creationists believe that before man was created, God created the world in 7 days where each 'Day' is an extended period of time.Sarah Palin was born into a Catholic family. Her family later attended a Pentacostal Christian church. She now considers her home church to be the Wasilla Bible Church, which is an independent church not associated with any major Christian denomination.This exact line of inquiry stems from various internet sources. Three of the most prominent are a video interview with Matt Damon, an internet blog, and an article in the LA Times.1. Internet BlogThese allegations appear to stem from a blog post that included "fake Governor Sarah Palin quotes" made up by a blogger at unbearablebobness.typepad.com. He states that his blog post was an attempt to satirize Gov. Palin's beliefs, and does not reflect those beliefs in any way.Read more: http://wiki.answers.com/Q/Does_Sarah_Palin_believe_that_dinosaurs_were_alive_400... 10 hours agoflag  reply+1postlapsaria  congoboy:so you're saying the repeal of healthcare, the tax cuts, and both wars started by your president, those are bad for the country?  they're not thought out, responsible, they aren't paid for and they SEVERELY burden the economy.you're right, pushing legislation most don't want, like the war in Iraq, or the tax cuts IS wrong.NO ONE on the capital reads anything.  you think Boehner reads things?  their staff reads it, you guys only yell, "no one read it" when it fits your narrative.shoving down your throat?  I assume you're talking about health care reform, that's the only thing Fox said was crammed down our throat, right?  what's "shoved" about 10 months of debate?  do you consider it shoving when you don't listen to a year and a half of campaigning and then having debates and amendments and committee's for almost a year?  because that's a you problem.so since I've pointed out that conservatives are guilty of the same things... i still don't see how liberalism is a disease, way to explain it captain brilliancy! 10 hours agoflag  reply0skybluskyblue  navider:I think that picture is of Michelangelo's David. However, I am sure Michelangelo was "liberal". 10 hours agoflag  reply0postlapsaria  congoboy:i'm so jealous of all these other posters.  when they bring up a point or ask you a question, you pull up actual materials and facts for them.but for me you just give me bullshit generic answers, why is that? 10 hours agoflag  reply-1crystalman  navider:Michelangelo actually. Leonardo didn't sculpt.  Back to school for you. Oh and thanks for perfectly demonstrating the low educational standards in the leftylib camp. 10 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  Prijedor:thank you sir, you may address me as the king of hearts! 10 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  postlapsaria:believe 10 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  skybluskyblue:did he tell you that himself? rumor has it he was gay but some of the best conservatives i've met are too. whats your point? 9 hours agoflag  reply-2congoboy  postlapsaria:i have all your answers in my pants 9 hours agoflag  reply-2congoboy  postlapsaria:i knew from the beginning that afghanistan was a bad decision. fuck if the russians couldnt tame them we certainly cant. i was for pulling out of there over two years ago but obama made it his war and said so throughout his campaign. so why was it you guys elected him again? 9 hours agoflag  reply-1skybluskyblue  congoboy:I was saying that he was liberal as a joke. My point is just to be technically correct on who made the art you depict. I do not care about his political leanings. 9 hours agoflag  reply+1postlapsaria  congoboy:wow, now you're following michael steele's logic.i'm done now.  you don't discuss, you're always right i guess so you have yourself a beautifully christ-blessed day free of gays, welfare blacks, anchor babies and muslims. 9 hours agoflag  reply0navider  skybluskyblue:I know that it's the statue of David.And that is why congoboy is a walking contradiction like most Cons. 9 hours agoflag  reply0navider  crystalman:Obviously your have no idea what your talking about!Keep drinin the Jesus Juice! 9 hours agoflag  reply+1EdJoyProductions  crystalman:http://www.leonardo-da-vinci-biography.com/leonardo-da-vinci-horse.htmlActually Da Vinci did sculpt. 8 hours agoflag  reply-1crystalman  EdJoyProductions:only as a hobby 8 hours agoflag  reply-1crystalmanhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3L1lsLU-kUw&feature=player_embeddedIn this video, the Arizona political leftwing radical mass slaughterer, Jared Loughner, is dressed up as a terrorist as he sets the American flag on fire. The song you hear is "Let the bodies hit the floor" by the Drowning Pool, the same song the US government used to an interrogation tool at GITMO.BTW, he was never in the army. The left was calling him an Afghan war vet. No. He attempted to enlist in 2008 but the army rejected this killer. 14 hours agoflag  reply+1indecisiveh  crystalman:After watching that video all I can say is, what a tacky loser.  This is an obnoxious and juvenile statement from a psychopath. 5 hours agoflag  reply-7crystalmanThis murderous religion hating loser was a leftard whose mind was twisted with hate and irrational beliefs. Giffords was too moderate for him.  Congresswoman Giffords is a major Blue Dog Democrat -- almost so right she could be considered a conservative in certain areas. She was a Republican. Her only major left position was support of Obamacare.But on immigration -- she is a blue dog.It also bears noting that Giffords is the first Jewish congresswoman elected from that state. One of Loughner's favorite books is Hitler's Mein Kampf.    "He was a political radical" "He was left wing" "As I knew him he was left wing, quite liberal" Loughner's leftwing high school friend Caitie Parker ("I went to high school, college, & was in a band with him")Despite the evidence of the shooter's leftwing politics, the leftist enemedia and culture terrorists are in full assault on the American psyche, blaming Republicans and our most effetctive leaders, spinning their bold-faced lies and using this terrible mass murder to destroy people and the tea party. 14 hours agoflag  reply+1ozoneocean  crystalman:Wow, you sure have a fetish with twisting facts and tragic events to suit your own agenda... Maybe you should join Al Quida, they'd love someone like you! 11 hours agoflag  reply-2congoboy  ozoneocean:.Once again, the left is in error and it is past time for this hatemongering nonsense to end. With absolutely no proof or knowledge in this case as to the nature of the perpetrator, almost as soon as word of the shooting hit the news airwaves... they were out in force all over the internet screaming it was the political right when in all reality he is a leftist 11 hours agoflag  reply+7JonRaymondhttp://jonraymond.blogspot.com/2011/01/sarah-palin-targets-amenican.htmlSarah Palin targets Congresspersons for healthcare reform, including Giffords 18 hours agoflag  reply+4naviderAmazing..............Looks like the right wing is showing it's colors or maybe that Fox and friends are brainwashing people to the point where they are willing to kill people.To tell you the truth.............I am not surprised as the right wing media is doing a good job of scaring the crap out of people. 18 hours agoflag  reply+4Dmobile215  navider:You know I was thinking the same thing after that nut case went and shot those people in Florida now we have another nut case running around, I am guessing the laws are going to start changing now because there are to many guns roaming around and I believe if the guns cost 10k each see how many people would be out there shooting.My second point is 22 year old kid who is just mentally, stupid his ass is out of control.But life goes on maybe this might have something to do with NASA or did this guy just  start picking people off, maybe those political leaders will now take this stuff serious we don't have a normal breed anyone all those political leaders need to have armed guards. 17 hours agoflag  reply-6TheAmericanPatriot  navider:Can you point to where you heard he was a right winger and watches Fox news. I heard a bit different. Please share your info. Thanks 16 hours agoflag  reply-6congoboy  navider:one of our country's greatest freedoms is that of speech. its not anyones fault that the occasional left wing whacko goes bizerk. liberalism is a mental disorder. 13 hours agoflag  reply+4navider  congoboy:Your a mental disorder and can you prove your parties craziness is NOT responsible for the problems in our country? 12 hours agoflag  reply-2congoboy  navider:uh huh...This isn't the first time the left has done this. In fact, it has become almost tragic in itself how many times they jumped the gun claiming a rightwing perpetrator only to find out the perpetrator was a Liberal, a Muslim or a Democrat whereas they are screaming the perpetrator is a rightwing Conservative, Republican, white male Christian racist hater.Once again, they are in error and it is past time for this hatemongering nonsense to end. With absolutely no proof or knowledge in this case as to the nature of the perpetrator, almost as soon as word of the shooting hit the news airwaves... they were out in force all over the internet screaming it was the political right. After all, what reason would a leftwinger have to do this? 11 hours agoflag  reply+2Prijedor  Dmobile215:Bullets should cost 10K each, there will be no unintended victims any more 11 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  Prijedor:and if we paid $75 bucks for a hammer and $200 for a toilet seat we'd all be up there with the military. 10 hours agoflag  reply-1TheAmericanPatriot  navider:Still waiting for scum like you to back up your lies. Come on give me an example. I know there is one. 7 hours agoflag  reply+4EdJoyProductionsHere come those second amendment remedies. 19 hours agoflag  reply+3tverdellI don't mean to stir the pot, but ... 20 hours agoflag  reply+4EdJoyProductions  tverdell:And no one shoots this guy..... 19 hours agoflag  reply+4Varex_Sythe  EdJoyProductions:Well yeah...Can you imagine if someone decided to actually shoot that asshole?  He would instantly become a martyr to his followers. 18 hours agoflag  reply+2Itsbatman_Durr  Varex_Sythe:i would be ok with that 17 hours agoflag  reply+4Varex_Sythe  Itsbatman_Durr:The only problem is that the followers would probably become more extreme and outlandish in order to feel as though they are living up to the expectations of their martyr. 14 hours agoflag  reply0indecisiveh  EdJoyProductions:If there were such a thing as leftist atheist extremism, this guy would be the first to go. 5 hours agoflag  reply+7XasthurNorttNine-year-old Christina Taylor Greene who was shot and later died at a hospital in Tucson, Ariz. Saturday, Jan. 8, 2011. 21 hours agoflag  reply+2TheEmpireGuy  XasthurNortt:Downright horrible. 19 hours agoflag  reply+2ArchDruid  XasthurNortt:what a terrible loss for her family, the slaughter of a beautiful young girl by a deranged young man who too easily found his way to a deadly weapon. Where did that gun come from? A sad loss for the other families who also had someone killed. No mention of his parents, what can they tell us? The killer was a coward and couldn't even put the gun to his own head in the end? 19 hours agoflag  reply+3Itsbatman_Durr  XasthurNortt:Christina-Taylor Green The 9-year-old who was shot at the event and later died at a hospital went to the Giffords event with a neighbor because she had just been elected to the student council and was interested in government, her uncle told KTAR in Phoenix.The neighbor, who was not identified Saturday, was shot four times, the Arizona Daily Star reported.Born Sept. 11, 2001, according to NBC station KVOA, Christina-Taylor attended Mesa Verde Elementary School. She was one of 50 babies featured in " Faces of Hope: Babies Born on 9/11."Christina was also involved in ballet, Little League baseball and her church.Her grandfather, former major-league pitcher Dallas Green, was the Philadelphia Phillies' team manager when they won the World Series in 1980.She recently received her first Holy Communion at St. Odilias Catholic Church on Tucsons northwest wide, Catholic Diocese of Tucson officials said. 17 hours agoflag  reply+5toyotabedzrockInteresting 22 hours agoflag  reply+2NickerBocker09I think we need to wait a little bit before presuming things. I made the mistake of presumptions. This guy liked "Mein Kampf," and "The Communist Manifesto," Yet also hated government? Obviously he was a nutso that didnt know what he liked.What has happened is a tragedy. I think we need to start looking at the entire political and media situation in general. We were all warned that the volatile nature of the media and politicians would lead to problems and look what has happened. But in the end, lets just wait. Lets hope that this is a wake up call to change. 23 hours agoflag  reply+1artemis6  NickerBocker09:He was angry and looking for something to focus it on . He was a loner . Not all loners are bad , he just did not really care who he killed , killing an innocent child -- there IS NO JUSTIFICATION for that . Killing people who committed no crime against you or yours ? Really , no justification . Just delusion . Delusion , and rage . 22 hours agoflag  reply+1tverdell  NickerBocker09:Libertarians read the communist manifesto for perspective.I read political propaganda from all sides for the same reason. 20 hours agoflag  reply0TheEmpireGuy  NickerBocker09:I totally and completely agree! I'm trying to say the same thing. 19 hours agoflag  reply-19carslutThis might just be the beginning. People are getting fed up with their government. They are completely out of touch as witnessed by the latest statement by Harry Reid, who said"Americans love their government". NO WE DON'T. When they force their bullshit health care plan on us. Yet exempt themselves from it. What do you expect? Kind of like when the Queen of France said "Let them eat cake". And look what happened then? The liberal news media will put the wrong spin on it as usual and make it look like he was some kind of wacko, which he might be, but this might just be the beginning of something much,much larger. Too bad it couldn't have been Nancy Pelosi or Barney Frank. 23 hours agoflag  reply+6NickerBocker09  carslut:Wow. Your full of it aren't you. Fuck off. 23 hours agoflag  reply+11Tyr  carslut:Actually you asshole I do love my government, I think that the Obama administration is the freshest breath of air we've had since JFK. 22 hours agoflag  reply-1ImConcerned  carslut:or Beohner 22 hours agoflag  reply-6TheAmericanPatriot  Tyr:You have got to be kidding. JFK was a good man do not put him in the same league as obama. Disgraceful 22 hours agoflag  reply+4emarston  carslut:It's pieces of shit like you that make this country a joke. Go crawl in a fire and die. 22 hours agoflag  reply-1carslut  Tyr:Don't confuse your love for your country with the love of your government. 22 hours agoflag  reply-5TheAmericanPatriot  Tyr:I got to say I am still laughing at that comment. Could you do a quick measurement for me. Exactly how far is your head up your ass? 22 hours agoflag  reply+1navider  carslut:keep listing to fox and one day you may be the guy that committed this crime against society!!! 18 hours agoflag  reply0ozoneocean  carslut:Foolish people eat propaganda. Just like the made up story about Marie Antoinette saying "let them eat cake"- a made up story to fuel idiot rage. 16 hours agoflag  reply+1Conniepae  carslut:You and your family would be added to my watch list.  If I were in government, I would start watching everything you do.  You may have freedom of speech, but that would be it.  Jaywalk and I would arrest you!  Your type of rhetoric is dangerous and should be eliminated! 15 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  carslut:thanks car, you provided the most honest and accurate comment concerning this unfortunate issue. the worst case scenario to possibly arise from this left wing whacko incident would be leftylibs screaming for increased gun control and the curtailing of freedom of speech. voted up! 13 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  Tyr:agreed, this fresh! 13 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  TheAmericanPatriot:compared to obama,  kennedy would be considered a conservative republican 13 hours agoflag  reply0congoboy  ozoneocean:sorta like the many comments we see on current claiming to be based on fact 13 hours agoflag  reply0postlapsaria  carslut:do you think this country was anything good before this government?what is there to love about the land england gave us before the constitution made it OUR country? 11 hours agoflag  reply+1postlapsaria  congoboy:so you LOVE freedom of speech... unless it's by the leftylibs who are mentally ill?so the right, they have the freedom of speech and the rest of us should just keep our ears open and mouths shut?  that's how that works? 11 hours agoflag  reply+2Tyr  TheAmericanPatriot:Not as far as the Republican corporate whores have their cocks up yours. 10 hours agoflag  reply0Tyr  congoboy:Compared to this, you're damned righthttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBm5ZSWbD14&feature=related 10 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  postlapsaria:mentally ill people should be in hospitals. but why do you continue to twist everything i say, is it your attempt to make the right appear evil or your attempt to make shit up when youre on the losing end of an argument? even though you continue to spout garbage without facts i will fight to the death for your right to say them. thats the way of free thinking, freedom loving, open minded conservatives. peace 10 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  postlapsaria:it was pretty good before the current administration 10 hours agoflag  reply-1congoboy  Tyr:stop, youre getting me hot 9 hours agoflag  reply-1carslut  Conniepae:You must must have been  member of the "Hitler Youth" in a previous life. 8 hours agoflag  reply+3littlwarriorThis is what happens when you give fanatics like Glenn beck way to much credit then more crazies start doing crazier things. 23 hours agoflag  reply+5jeffissleepingreports from National Journal: the 9 year old whom was killed was born on 9/11/2001so if that doesn't hit it home for you conservative Republicans.... 24 hours agoflag  reply0NickerBocker09  jeffissleeping:Not sure if thats necessary 23 hours agoflag  reply0tverdell  jeffissleeping:Illuminati sacrifice 21 hours agoflag  reply-5CarlosBobthe3rdThe shooter may have been from the DailyKosMy CongressWOMAN voted against Nancy Pelosi! And is now DEAD to me!http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=e54_1294533701 24 hours agoflag  reply0tverdell"He was a pot head and into rock, like Hendrix, The Doors, Anti-Flag," she wrote. "I haven't seen him in person since 2007 in a sign language class. As I knew him he was left wing, quite liberal and oddly obsessed with the 2012 prophecy. He had a lot of friends until he got alcohol poisoning in 2006 and dropped out of school. Mainly a loner, very philosophical." 24 hours agoflag  reply0thedirtman  tverdell:I can actually see this guy being off-the-scale left, but I can't see how any of this would be liberal.  I don't know any liberal this anti-government.  Hitler has been described as having taking notions from both extremes.  In political debate people like to overlook this and claim one or the other. 24 hours agoflag  reply0tverdellPeople who knew him described him as philosophical, a person who read a lot of books. On his YouTube page, Loughner listed among his favorite books "The Communist Manifesto," "Siddhartha," "The Old Man And The Sea," "Gulliver's Travels," "Mein Kampf," "The Republic" and "Meno."http://www.ktla.com/news/landing/ktla-jared-lee-loughner-profile,0,3468158.story 24 hours agoflag  reply0ozoneocean  tverdell:Among my fave books I list whatever I think will impress people and make me look cool and inteligent... The reality is that such things mean very little.I've known many people who really do go out and read all sorts of books like the one in this list, unfortunately it doesn't really give you any window to their thinking, though many of those people were a little nutty. 16 hours agoflag  reply-5tverdellWord on the street is that the shooter was a left winger.Just sayin' 1 day agoflag  reply+7Stoneyroad  tverdell:Mein Kampf & Communist Manifesto do not equal Left Winger.But silver as currency & big goverment interfering with grammer may equal Libertarian.Just sayin' 24 hours agoflag  reply-6TheAmericanPatriot  Stoneyroad:I thought the left loved Karl Marx 24 hours agoflag  reply+3NickerBocker09  TheAmericanPatriot:The Left like Socialism and hate Communism. We also hate mein Kampf which is not left wing whatsoever. 23 hours agoflag  reply+3artemis6  TheAmericanPatriot:Some on the right love to SAY those on the left love carl marks , that does in no way make it so . Zealots see people as they wish to , not as individuals with diverse opinions . Zealots are dangerous because they use such stereotypes to justify doing heinous things like this , to people they have never met and do not even want to know . Basically zealots are socially inept people , who are angry at the world for them being socially inept . A more balanced person will engage in dialogue , like we do here . This is a healthy thing . 22 hours agoflag  reply-4TheAmericanPatriot  artemis6:Kinda like how the left says I love Rush and Fox news. 22 hours agoflag  reply+3toyotabedzrock  tverdell:On the right side of the street. Don't you have an IRS building to fly yourself into? 22 hours agoflag  reply-6TheAmericanPatriot  NickerBocker09:Not much difference between Communism and Socialism but what does an A-hole know. 22 hours agoflag  reply+3NickerBocker09  TheAmericanPatriot:Theres not much difference between Republicans are Corporatism. 21 hours agoflag  reply0TheEmpireGuy  tverdell:This is exactly the sort of attacking and mindless finger pointing that I was talking about in my previous post. 19 hours agoflag  reply+3TheEmpireGuy  Stoneyroad:I don't think left or right winger matters at this point.You don't have to be part of a political party to be a homicidal lunatic.This man was confused and not in the right state of mind. Some have speculated that he was possibly influenced by another man.What I'm saying is, we don't know enough to say anything. Right now, it's all just pointless bickering by people who can't get over themselves and their political allegiances. 19 hours agoflag  reply0ozoneocean  TheAmericanPatriot:As much as you love Hitler. 16 hours agoflag  reply+1Conniepae  TheAmericanPatriot:You thought the left loved Karl Marx?  You don't get paid for thinking, do you?  American Patriot?  I think not.  Or just a patriot in name only? 15 hours agoflag  reply0artemis6  TheAmericanPatriot:You can SAY what you want , as long as you LISTEN too , and occasionally take in NEW info . All part of healthy discourse . No one at Fox news , nor has Rush , been shot at . See the dif ? 11 hours agoflag  reply0congoboy  artemis6:its quite simple really. we on the right are all for freedom of thought and expression, love of life and liberty, independence and open mindedness and are less likely to be seething with hatred and misplaced guilt like many on the left. thus we are far less likely to commit psychotic acts like this left wing whacko 10 hours agoflag  reply0indecisiveh  Stoneyroad:Mein Kampf + Let the Bodies Hit The Floor = Libertarian divide that by drug and porn laws = Teabagger i.e. Republican Base 5 hours agoflag  reply+5ThatCrazyLibertarianShape of things to come if you ask me...it's a tragedy to be sure.  But as our economy languishes, and more people continue to lose their savings and homes... 1 day agoflag  reply+4thedirtman  ThatCrazyLibertarian:I agree, although maybe not quite the same way.  It seems people are being trained to hate the government, and alas government isn't everywhere innocent.  There are also good people in government, and there is such a thing as good governance.  As a nation we're confused and losing perspective. 24 hours agoflag  reply+1toastyguy11  thedirtman:you're right, and what's most depressing is just how apathetic and uninformed most people are.  Most of us posting here keep up with current events and politics, but sadly we're the minority. 19 hours agoflag  reply0congoboy  ThatCrazyLibertarian:i wonder how many homes he owned and how many jobs this 22 year old nut job had before committing this heinous act? 11 hours agoflag  reply+4hombre76So what are the facts here? 1. The intended victim is a Democratic Congresswoman 2. The gunman was certainly anti government3. The rightwing of this country has made many arguments that there is a danger that the Democratic party intends to enact legislation that will mortally undermine the US. Given  these facts one can logically conclude that the gunman ( while not a card-carrying republican/Tea Bagger)  may have been encouraged and incited by the rhetoric from the rightwing mouth pieces who spew their conspiracy theories to an obviously susceptible minority of the populations. This is exactly the type of behavior that the right and Tea Baggers assured the American public would not happen as a result of their constant vitriolic language. Obviously they were not telling the truth or they were just plain, stupid, wrong. 1 day agoflag  reply-5TheAmericanPatriot  hombre76:Don't be so ignorant and stupid! 1 day agoflag  reply+4Stoneyroad  hombre76:Did you see this ?http://www.autostraddle.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/aakelly048c1.pngOn June 12th, 2010, Giffords 2010 Congressional opponent Jesse Kelly held an event advertised as  - Get on Target for Victory in November Help Remove Gabrielle Giffords from office, Shoot a fully automatic M15 with Jesse Kelly. Although the event has since been removed from Kellys website, the Arizona Daily Stars account remains: - Scroll Down to " All Guns All the Time "http://azstarnet.com/news/local/govt-and-politics/elections/article_349e18b8-ec6... 24 hours agoflag  reply0TheEmpireGuy  hombre76:*face-palm* 19 hours agoflag  reply0ozoneocean  TheAmericanPatriot:He isin't 16 hours agoflag  reply+1artemis6  TheAmericanPatriot:If YOU had a valid position , you would not have to resort to insults . 11 hours agoflag  reply+1artemis6  Stoneyroad:This is interesting to me . When people are insecure about their world view , they tend to become more intolerant and threatening to those who do not conform to it . This is an event designed to cater to such individuals . 11 hours agoflag  reply0congoboy  hombre76:This isn't the first time the left has done this. In fact, it has become almost tragic in itself how many times they jumped the gun claiming a rightwing perpetrator only to find out the perpetrator was a Liberal, a Muslim or a Democrat whereas they are screaming the perpetrator is a rightwing Conservative, Republican, white male Christian racist hater.Once again, they are in error and it is past time for this hatemongering nonsense to end. With absolutely no proof or knowledge in this case as to the nature of the perpetrator, almost as soon as word of the shooting hit the news airwaves... they were out in force all over the internet screaming it was the political right. After all, what reason would a leftwinger have to do this? 11 hours agoflag  reply+1TasteHiI suppose she should be marked a Martyr of sorts since she'd been under threat for over a year. Personally if it were me I would've had the meeting in a conference room with metal detectors and guardsmen at the front door. Death is about as serious a threat as it gets after all.I'm extremely interested in this 50 year old John Doe that supposedly influenced the loon in the first place. How did they come to that conclusion? 1 day agoflag  reply+5Nephwrackwow a libertarian nutjob! 1 day agoflag  reply-1TheAmericanPatriot  Nephwrack:What a dumb thing to say, where is your evidence? 1 day agoflag  reply-1TheAmericanPatriot  Nephwrack:Oh nothing on the google yet 23 hours agoflag  reply0TheEmpireGuy  Nephwrack:Oh for the love of God. Where in the hell did it say he was a Libertarian? Seriously, you people will find any reason, even in the most tragic of moments, to attack the political opposition. 19 hours agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarian  TheEmpireGuy:Would you expect any less from a bottom feeder? 5 hours agoflag  reply+5jubalIn his profile on YouTube, he said that he's an avid reader and included in a long list of favorite books "Animal Farm," "Brave New World," "The Communist Manifesto," and "Mein Kampf."His profile said he has attended Pima Community College. One of the videos rambled for several paragraphs, suggesting that Loughner had once been removed from campus for "talking."He wrote of creating a new system of currency and designing coins. "You're distributing your new currency lethally to people or you're distributing your new currency non-lethally to people," the video reads. In another video he wrote: "No! I won't pay debt with a currency that's not backed by gold and silver!"Loughner expressed a deep interest in the dystopia that made up the plots of his favorite books."I know who's listening: Government Officials, and the People," read one video. "Nearly all the people, who don't know this accurate information of a new currency, aren't aware of mind control and brainwash methods. If I have my civil rights, then this message wouldn't have happen." [sic] 1 day agoflag  reply0congoboy  jubal:This isn't the first time the left has done this. In fact, it has become almost tragic in itself how many times they jumped the gun claiming a rightwing perpetrator only to find out the perpetrator was a Liberal, a Muslim or a Democrat whereas they are screaming the perpetrator is a rightwing Conservative, Republican, white male Christian racist hater.Once again, they are in error and it is past time for this hatemongering nonsense to end. With absolutely no proof or knowledge in this case as to the nature of the perpetrator, almost as soon as word of the shooting hit the news airwaves... they were out in force all over the internet screaming it was the political right. After all, what reason would a leftwinger have to do this? 11 hours agoflag  reply+5TheEmpireGuyWhy does everything, even something as tragic as the shooting of an innocent person by a homicidal lunatic, have to have a political bent to it? All I'm seeing and hearing is people arguing about whether he was a right wing loony or a left wing nutjob.Can't we give it a bloody break? 1 day agoflag  reply+5maasanova  TheEmpireGuy:I said the same thing here; let's wait for a police investigation and examine all the evidence, and then place blame after we've come to a concrete conclusion as to which political party, if any at all were to blame.Then some called me a paid troll for the right and to shut the fuck up and sit down.Go figure. 1 day agoflag  reply+2ThatCrazyLibertarian  TheEmpireGuy:It just wouldn't be Current without the political spin. 1 day agoflag  reply+1ReverendDK  TheEmpireGuy:"Why does everything, even something as tragic as the shooting of an innocent person by a homicidal lunatic, have to have a political bent to it?"Seriously? Maybe it's petty to immediately start blaming each other's "side," but you can't be seriously suggesting that it's ignorant or wrong to think that a politician who has been threatened and attacked in the past, and ends up shot in the head, might "have a political bent to it?" That should not be so surprising. This might not be an isolated event, this might be part of a disturbing trend in modern politics, in which case it is important for people to ask why and as Sheriff Dupnik said "do some soul searching." 1 day agoflag  reply+1artemis6  TheEmpireGuy:Zealots come from any direction . 24 hours agoflag  reply0TheEmpireGuy  ReverendDK:It is not ignorant or wrong, but, as some others have suggested, it is far too soon to be pointing fingers. We know barely anything at all. To me it seems almost a little disrespectful to the victims for people to begin spewing political rhetoric and attacks right of the bat, just to get at the other "side".An innocent 9 year old girl died today, and all people can do is shout louder and louder at each other. 19 hours agoflag  reply+6jubalArizona is quickly becoming the hot bed of lunatic behavior. Why else would someone approach a Democratic street meeting with a gun, unless they were caught up in some reaction to the right wing frenzy of hate? It is extremely lamentable that people have to resort to violence in order to communicate what is on the inside of their heads. 1 day agoflag  reply-6Itsbatman_Durr  jubal:cmon now youre better than adding to the static with partisan garbage like that 1 day agoflag  reply-4TheAmericanPatriot  jubal:Hate is on both sides dummy, just look at the hate for Palin and the right by the left. Look at the hate for Bush. Saying stuff like he planned 9/11 and you know the rest of the crap. I am sure. 24 hours agoflag  reply0NickerBocker09  jubal:I made the mistake, with passion, of starting to think it was  right wing nut or a veteran that felt betrayed (at first the media reported him a veteran but its been confirmed the Army didnt accept him). I could easily start saying hes a libertarian nut or communist nut or something (because of the books and currency things he was talking about) but its simply too hard to tell. I think instead of blaming a political philosophy we need to start looking at the entire media as a whole. The entire volatile state of it has just pushed ppl over the edge, and most likely this idiot. In the end this will probably be a situation where many entities will be blamed and well have to fix our mistakes. Perhaps its a wake up call. 24 hours agoflag  reply+3jubal  Itsbatman_Durr:Are you going to deny that most of the hate filled rhetoric comes from the right? 23 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  jubal:absolutely. it comes from both sides, the right just has more talking heads. if someone trawled current, for example, they would think that most comes from the left. its all wrong, form all sides. we need to not play the snipe game at whatever sides the gamesmasters have set up for us to fall in line with, and instead operate as one side for humankind 23 hours agoflag  reply+3Itsbatman_Durr  TheAmericanPatriot:no need to call jubal a dummy, he is far from it. 23 hours agoflag  reply+4Jake_LeonardAt my work here in Chandler (metro Phoenix, AZ), I was talking to two of my managers about this incident. It's amazing how many people keep their true feelings about the state of affairs locked up, and finally come out and express themselves after something like this happens. Surprisingly, we shared very similar views. It is often difficult to start a conversation on politics--especially when you're remarking upon the currently fucked up state of affair our corporate-ruled government is currently under; so take these opportunities to talk with friends or associates--hint or express yourself. We've got nothing to hide. The facts are all here. Use our free speech while we still have it. 1 day agoflag  reply+2TasteHi  Jake_Leonard:This is a wonderful point Jake, we're too often caught up trying to convince our neighbors on what's right or wrong. Where we should just simply listen to what people have to say and try to surround ourselves with the ones that share our interests. It doesn't get any easier than that. 1 day agoflag  reply-1dudefromtherockAmerica, you are circling the bowl. 1 day agoflag  reply0keithponderhttp://edition.cnn.com/2011/POLITICS/01/08/giffords.profile/ .Arizona needs get ready for civil war. 1 day agoflag  reply+9kennymotownHey, anyone noticed ayipis hasn't been around the site for 8 hours!http://current.com/users/ayipis.htm 1 day agoflag  reply+8pjacobs51  kennymotown:What are you implying here Kenny? 1 day agoflag  reply+9kennymotown  pjacobs51:I'm just thinking you know me, ayipis ramblings and such maybe he's in custody in Tucson. 1 day agoflag  reply+3pjacobs51  kennymotown:Ha ha . . . I thought so. 1 day agoflag  reply+3Incredulous  kennymotown:LMAO!  you are sooooooooooo bad kenny.  He's probably just off doing some heavy reading, preparing his defense of all things repugnant. 1 day agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  Incredulous:Agree but it has been over 10 hours missing! 1 day agoflag  reply+5pjacobs51Gabrielle Giffords is also the wife of NASA astronaut Mark Kelly who is scheduled to command one of the last space shuttle missions.Hope she makes it! 1 day agoflag  reply+2EmperorThanWill be funny all these Republicans supporting her now will HATE HER when she recovers and tries to enact gun control legislation.If any drug killed as many people a year as handguns we would have had a WAR ON GUNS years ago.... 1 day agoflag  reply+1Paratus  EmperorThan:Yeah, blame the gun just like the refrigerator is responsible for obesity. This is too absurd for rational thought. 1 day agoflag  reply+2Kitten_Moon  Paratus:Actually, the blame would go to fast food companies and irresponsible parents. But according to Palin, that's invading piracy. She would rather all children under the age of 3 to be obese than help them. 1 day agoflag  reply+2Ricky84  EmperorThan:"If any drug killed as many people a year as handguns we would have had a WAR ON GUNS years ago...."Drugs kill way more people a year than guns. 1 day agoflag  reply+1Nephwrack  EmperorThan:dont blame the gun, blame the idiot behind the trigger. 1 day agoflag  reply0NickerBocker09  Nephwrack:And blame the idiot using the drugs? Just playin devils advocate. 21 hours agoflag  reply0CreditFigaroAnd what was the political affiliation of the individual receiving the bullet? ::Drum roll::It was a democrat! Anyone surprised? 1 day agoflag  reply-1Paratus  CreditFigaro:A conservative, pro business, pro gun anti illegal immigration Congresswoman who happened to be a Democrat.  Shot by a liberal nut case who listed the Communist Manifesto as one of his favorite books.  He has more in common with the Democratic Progressive Party than anything else. 1 day agoflag  reply+5Kitten_Moon  Paratus:The Democratic Party isn't liberal or progressive, it's moderate. 1 day agoflag  reply+3Kitten_Moon  CreditFigaro:He is very anti-government and pro-gold standard. 1 day agoflag  reply+2Itsbatman_Durr  CreditFigaro:actually the dead judge who noone is talking about was a george hw bush appointee 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Kitten_Moon:lol ok 1 day agoflag  reply0CreditFigaro  Itsbatman_Durr:That's true, but he wasn't the TARGET. 9 hours agoflag  reply0CreditFigaro  Paratus:It's really not. Most respect the fact that communism doesn't work. By the same token, few respect that a "free market" doesn't work, either. 9 hours agoflag  reply-6libertyforallLeave it to the leftist lemmings to immediately try to politicize the tragedy by blaming it on Palin. When in reality, it had nothing to do with politics.The gun was simply a loon. A crazy who wrote two of his favorite books are Mein Kempf and the Communist Manifesto. There's not much you can do about  crazy people. 1 day agoflag  reply+8Saladin  libertyforall:Thanks libertyforall for informing us on what the guy's real intentions were with your insider knowledge!Oh wait, you don't have any idea either. Oops. 1 day agoflag  reply+5freecrack  libertyforall:nothing has been determined yet about the shooter, so why are you talking out of your ass.on the other hand being as palin was warned repeatedly about her calls to violence this is the exact thing in question.it has nothing to do with partisanship. 1 day agoflag  reply+3CreditFigaro  libertyforall:How about the rightist lemmings who always downplay and excuse this kind of crap? You all pretend this has got nothing to do with politics, but its the republicans and conservatives who come to rallies with guns and shoot people. Have you got any stories you can come up with from recent memory where it was the other way around?Why is it that it's always republicans doin' the shootin'? Do you have an answer for that, or are you just going to continue to excuse this stuff as random craziness? 1 day agoflag  reply-4libertyforall  CreditFigaro:People came to rallies with guns to shoot people? That's news to me. It's never above the left to use extreme hyperbole when the truth doesn't fit reality.It wasn't just conservatives at rallies either. I know, because I'm not a conservative. I didn't know legally exercising your rights became a bad thing. Except to the left who thinks they should have rule over the lives of everyone else. 1 day agoflag  reply0libertyforall  freecrack:the irony of your post is not lost one me. Nothing has been determined, but Palin and the Tea Party are the catalysts for the violence. Interesting hypocrisy you display. 1 day agoflag  reply+1CreditFigaro  libertyforall:Ummm that's what just happened. It was a rally where someone brought a gun and shot people. Democrats."when the truth doesn't fit reality"That is only a problem conservatives have. You didn't answer my question, by the way... big surprise. 1 day agoflag  reply-2libertyforall  CreditFigaro:Actually I directly answered your question.  You said people were shooting at the pro-gun carrying rallies. Sorry, that simply never happened.Why do you keep talking about conservatives when I clearly stated I'm not a conservative? I understand, you can only deal in labels, because not doing so would require you develop an original thought. 1 day agoflag  reply+1freecrack  libertyforall:nothing has been determined officialy in this particular shooting.what has been determined how ever (and not really new age stuff either) is that encitement leads to violence, and the tea party as well as palin have unapologeticaly used rhetoric designed to encite repeatedly.the logical deduction to be made in lue of solid facts is this.investigation may prove the exact opposite.but as it is this act plays right into what has been predicted identicaly. 1 day agoflag  reply+2CreditFigaro  libertyforall:I didn't say republicans come to gun rallies and kill people, I said republicans bring guns TO rallies and shoot people. It doesn't happen the other way around.You may not call yourself a republican, but who did you vote for last time?You may not call yourself conservative, but I've seen you take the conservative position time and time again... do you have any views that are liberal? I haven't seen them. 1 day agoflag  reply+2antiutopia  CreditFigaro:You should watch the YouTube video.  This guy is anti-government, not anti-Democrat, and a nutcase.  If he's angry because he fought in the war, he hate the Republicans more.  I think this woman was just a publicly accessible target in his area that guaranteed media coverage.  He got what he wanted. 1 day agoflag  reply+3CreditFigaro  antiutopia:Thanks, but republicans ARE anti-government on most issues. If you lined up this whack job (or just about any libertarian/anarchist) up against the democratic and republican platform, the republican one would line up more closely every time."Republicans run on the idea that government doesn't work, then they get elected to office and prove it."-Bill Maher 1 day agoflag  reply+1Jeremy_Benson  libertyforall:A random crazy person shoots a random person. A specific crazy person shoots a specific person. Crazy or not, it was most likely politically motivated. 1 day agoflag  reply+1antiutopia  CreditFigaro:Ha, that's horseshit, Republicans being anti-government.  They've expanded government more during the Bush admin. than Obama ever has, but even that isn't the real point.  They are supposed to be "small government."  That is different from "anti-government."  This guy wants to take down the whole system.  That's a different thing and does not line up with any party platform. 1 day agoflag  reply0Paratus  libertyforall:For what it is worth I gave you a thumb up. 1 day agoflag  reply-1Paratus  CreditFigaro:I have heard a lot of b.s. here but your second paragraph is so loaded with lies and stupidity that it takes the cake.  I am really tired of all the stupid liberals playing the untrue blame card. "....republicans and conservatives who come to rallies with guns and shoot people".  What the hell are you talking about and do you still wonder why we consider liberals absolute nut jobs.  YOu guys spent the eight years of the Bush administration wishing violent death on him and every other person who did not support the liberal garbage spewed in this country.    Liberals are the greatest danger we have in this country, not "republicans and conservatives".  The behavior of those on opposite political spectrum of Palin etc. on this board has been nothing short of despicable and is another good example of hate speech and ignorance run rampant. 1 day agoflag  reply+1libertyforall  CreditFigaro:I voted for Ron Paul in 2008. I'm a libertarian. Like I said, you love labels because it means original thoughts aren't required.I have plenty of views that are liberal. This site just happens to be flooded with liberal crazies so I am opposed most of the time. 1 day agoflag  reply+1libertyforall  CreditFigaro:LOL, the Republicans are anti-government? That's a joke. 1 day agoflag  reply+1libertyforall  Paratus:Thanks. The lunatic liberal thumb down squad runs Current. It's an uphill battle. 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  CreditFigaro:lee harvey oswald: leftist socialistjared : leftwing socialistsirhan b sirhan: leftwing socialist 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  CreditFigaro:actually so far that has proven incorrect 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Jeremy_Benson:it has yet to be determined who his target was, or if he in fact had no target other than the event 1 day agoflag  reply+2ReverendDK  Itsbatman_Durr:Yes, but can it be shown that their actions were informed by the leading liberal voices of the time? Extremists on both sides are undesirable, but when there are observable trends (like the rise in organized right wing extremism during democratic presidencies) it's fair for one side to look to the other side and say wtf?Pointing out that a handful of isolated crazies are extremists, regardless of what end of the political spectrum, and that it is just the same, is meaningless without a comparable context which I can't seem to find with regard to your examples. Please inform. 24 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  ReverendDK:no idea if it can be shown it was just  asked to name one, and i named three. can you show that this most recent nutjob was informed by the leading conservative voices of his time? or sarah palin's? or any, other than the leading voices in his head?no 24 hours agoflag  reply+1ReverendDK  Itsbatman_Durr:Sorry I wasn't following your conversation to know that your response was a simplistic response, but the basic point was being made that "here are three left wing examples" which I felt needed to be challenged.No I can't (and no one can say for sure YET) prove THIS one was informed by right wing vitriol, but I did reference something demonstrable (organized right wing extremism during democratic presidencies) and the general point is that many people, but especially the right wing commentators, need to do some self examination and ask if the dangerous rhetoric is worth the political points if this MIGHT be the result (and of other situations we know to be the cause). The reason so many are jumping to this conclusion is that it is consistent with many disturbing events of recent memory.The comments of her own father and the Sheriff who has this guy in custody himself would seem to reinforce the opinion some of us have that words can be dangerous. "Her father Spencer Gifford, 75, wept when asked if his 40-year-old daughter had any enemies."Yeah," he told The Post. "The whole tea party."The dad, who was rushing to University Medical Center in Tuscon, said that politicians constantly faced danger."They always get threat[ened]," Gifford cried.""When you look at unbalanced people, how they respond to the vitriol that comes out of certain mouths about tearing down the government. The anger, the hatred, the bigotry that goes on in this country is getting to be outrageous. And, unfortunately, Arizona I think has become sort of the Capital. We have become the Mecca for prejudice and bigotry." - Sheriff DupnikEven if their instincts turn out to be wrong, are they really wrong for their suspicions given the context? Spencer Gifford's daughter received numerous threats and even attacks against her for running against a tea party candidate, then his kid gets shot in the head, what would your first instinct be if you were him? And even if he's wrong, shouldn't it give those who he first suspected pause about what image they are projecting? If I were Sarah Palin for instance, just the fear that for two seconds maybe this was my fault, that would be enough for me to simply make sports analogies instead of death analogies from now on, seriously. I think freecrack said it best below: "when you make available to the mass's (350-400 million people) a list of people who shoot be "shot down" and represent that with crosshairs over where they reside, you are irresponsibly offering a call to the simple to act on feelings that they shouldnt.it creates the feeling amongst those who would shoot our leaders that thier desire is not thiers alone.it offers validation of a malevolent idea." 23 hours agoflag  reply0andreii  Itsbatman_Durr:Nathuram Godse: right-wing nut (Ghandi)John Wilkes Booth - right-wing, confederate, opposed abolition (Abraham Lincoln)Lieutenant Earl Clark/Loyd Jowers/James Earl Ray - segregationists (Martin Luther King)3 Nation of Islam members - turned sunni muslims, also right-wing nuts (Malcolm X)What's your point? You argue that we shouldnt make it political, yet you do. These people are either just crazy or there's more to these stories... some of them probably like lee harvey oswald, scapegoats. I still think there's more to this recent one... 23 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  andreii:my point was to provide examples. someone said there was never leftists doing this sort of thing, and said shpow them when it happened, and i did. thats all 23 hours agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  ReverendDK:that is what is called making the circumstances fit the theory. just because her dad said that means nothing. if he said 'black people and mexicans' would you blame them? in fact we dont even know she was the target here, as the judge who was killed here was an appointee of the first president bush. people just want to jump on the chance to blame and demonize palin and the tea party in too many cases, and while i dont follow their beliefs, they deserve to be spoken for when they are unjustifiably blamed for things like a loose nut. again, the powers that truly be love the fact that we as a people allow ourselves to be divided and snipe at each other so they can continue doing their dirt in peace and darkness, and its silly for what i feel like are generally intelligent people here on current to so easily fall into the trap of partisan nonesense 23 hours agoflag  reply0andreii  Itsbatman_Durr:Oh my bad.Anyways this latest story isn't adding up... so I agree we shouldn't rush to theories on this, but I can see why people did. The arguing is pointless though... we'll probably never know his true motives. 23 hours agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  andreii:we probably never will and that is sad for sure. hopefully in the least once again people will take notice of the signs of mental instability this guy obviously showed, and perhaps take more note in their own lives so that it can in the future be averted 23 hours agoflag  reply0ReverendDK  Itsbatman_Durr:"that is what is called making the circumstances fit the theory. just because her dad said that means nothing. if he said 'black people and mexicans' would you blame them?"Re-read my post and try again. That is not at all what I said or did. I've already made thorough and thoughtful comments and if you aren't even going to read them then this argument is over. 22 hours agoflag  reply0Conniepae  Paratus:Not that it matters, but I voted your comment down. 15 hours agoflag  reply0skybluskyblue  Itsbatman_Durr:When he was at the event he asked specifically to "talk" to the congresswoman. http://www.kvoa.com/news/ex-intern-of-giffords-describes-shooting-first-hand/ 10 hours agoflag  reply0CreditFigaro  Itsbatman_Durr:I appreciate the effort to provide examples and delve into the issue. My thanks.I'd have to revise the position to say, why is it always liberals who get targeted? Yes I know a republican did get shot at the event, but he was just a bystander... the target was the congresswoman. 9 hours agoflag  reply0CreditFigaro  libertyforall:The label is the platform... do I believe your political position lines up perfectly with a loose label? no. But labels do help narrow stuff down. Libertarians are just republicans without the psychotic religious right influence. The Sad part is, the religious right are sheep who believe whatever they are told the bible says. You guys actually believe that taxing the rich is a bad thing. Liberals aren't crazy and if you actually engaged one in a debate that didn't devolve into name calling, you would know that there is TONS of logical justification for the majority of the liberal platform. 9 hours agoflag  reply0CreditFigaro  Paratus:Ummm, yeah but no liberal ever showed up to a republican rally displaying a gun, nor has anyone ever taken a shot at bush (or any other republican in recent history)... other than an Iraqi with a shoe. Liberals are the greatest danger we have? really? Hate speech from liberals? really?Have you ever read a comment by ayipis before?How are Liberals the greatest danger to our country? 9 hours agoflag  reply0congoboy  CreditFigaro:wow, this guy has everything figgered out to a t. voted up! 9 hours agoflag  reply0congoboy  CreditFigaro:i know, liberals attacking liberals. whats up with that? 9 hours agoflag  reply0congoboy  CreditFigaro:* National Public Radio legal affairs correspondent Nina Totenberg:          [I]f there is retributive justice [Sen. Jesse Helms] will get AIDS from a transfusion, or one of his grandchildren will get it.    * USA Today syndicated columnist Julianne Malveaux, on Clarence Thomas:          I hope his wife feeds him lots of eggs and butter and he dies early like many black men do, of heart disease.    * Washington Post syndicated columnist Richard Cohen:          For hypocrisy, for sheer gall, [Newt] Gingrich should be hanged.    * Comedian and (former) talk show host Craig Kilborn [Caption under footage of George W. Bush]:          Snipers Wanted    * Members of the St. Petersburg Democratic Club:          And then theres Rumsfeld who said of Iraq We have our good days and our bad days. We should put this S.O.B. up against a wall and say This is one of our bad days and pull the trigger.    * Actor Alec Baldwin on Conan OBrien:          [I]f we were in other countries, we would all right now, all of us together, all of us together would go down to Washington and we would stone Henry Hyde to death! We would stone him to death! [crowd cheers] Wait! Shut up! Shut up! No shut up! Im not finished. We would stone Henry Hyde to death and we would go to their homes and wed kill their wives and their children. We would kill their families.    * Comedian Chris Rock:          If President Clinton would pardon me I would whip Starrs ass right now. I will get a crew from Brooklyn and we will stomp him like, like, were Savion Glover. Well stomp him like its bringing da noise.    * Director Spike Lee on Charlton Heston:          Shoot him with a .44 caliber Bulldog.    * James Carville on Ken Starr:          Hes one more mistake away from not having any kneecaps.    * Syndicated columnist Alexander Cockburn:          There is a sound case to be made for dropping a tactical nuclear weapon on the Cuban section of Miami. The move would be applauded heartily by most Americans. Alas, Operation Good Riddance would require the sort of mature political courage sadly lacking in Washington, D.C., these days.    * Columnist, author, media pundit, journalist, and newspaper editor Dan Savage:          My plan? Get close enough to Bauer to give him the flu, which, if I am successful, will lay him flat just before the New Hampshire primary. Ill go to Bauers campaign office and cough on everything. Phones and pens. Staplers and staffers. I even hatch a plan to infect the candidate himself; Ill keep a pen in my mouth until Bauer drops by his offices to rally the troops. And when he does, Ill approach him and ask for his autograph, handing him the pen from my flu-virus-incubating mouth.      That column also appeared on Salon.com. It was a little more than hate speech  the guy actually did try to give Gary Bauer the flu.Its racism you want?    * Democrat Senator Robert Byrd:          There are white niggers. Ive seen a lot of white niggers in my time. Im going to use that word.    * Democrat presidential candidate Jesse Jackson on Jews:          Hymies      and on New York City:          Hymietown    * During his presidential campaign, Jesse Jackson was linked with (and refused to denounce) Louis Farrakhan, who has at times been linked with the Congressional Black Caucus, which also supported his Million Man March. Farrakhan is a man of the left who has been a harsh critic of President Bush.          o Heres Farrakhan on Jews:                Many of the Jews who owned the homes, the apartments in the black community, we considered them bloodsuckers because they took from our community and built their community but didnt offer anything back to our community.          o Farrakhan on Pope John Paul II:                no good cracker          o Farrakhan on white people:                White people are potential humans  they havent evolved yet.          o And again:                Murder and lying comes easy for white people.Does it count as hate speech if you say you hate Republicans?    * Howard Dean:          I hate the Republicans and everything they stand for . . .Back to assassination wishes:    * British pundit Charlie Brooker, during the presidency of George W. Bush:          John Wilkes Booth, Lee Harvey Oswald, John Hinckley Jr.  where are you now that we need you?Actual elected officials have engaged in hate speech:    * Democrat Representative Pete Stark, speaking to a Republican:          You think you are big enough to make me, you little wimp? Come on. Come over here and make me, I dare you. You little fruitcake.    * Alabama Democratic congressional incumbent Earl Hilliard, on challenger, Artur Davis:          Davis and the Jews, No Good for the Black BeltLets not forget the bloggers:    * Markos Moulitsas Zuniga crowed over the death of American contractors in Iraq:          I feel nothing over the death of merceneries [sic]. They arent in Iraq because of orders, or because they are there trying to help the people make Iraq a better place. They are there to wage war for profit. Screw them.    * Duncan Atrios Black discussing ABCs The Note:          [M]y take on The Note has always been, with apologies to Douglas Adams:              A bunch of mindless jerks who will be first up against the wall when the revolution comes.    * Huffington Post blogger Tony Hendra wished for Dick Cheney to die:          O Lord, give Dick Cheneys Heart, Our Sacred Secret Weapon, the strength to try one more time! For greater love hath no heart than that it lay down its life to rid the planet of its Number One Human Tumor. 9 hours agoflag  reply-1libertyforall  CreditFigaro:So you failed miserably in your attempts to label and the create your own definition of libertarianism in an attempt to justify your ignorance? Perhaps you need to shut off the MSNBC and pick up a book. 4 hours agoflag  reply+1CreditFigaro  congoboy:I appreciate your quotes, and they are good ones, at that. The point isn't that democrats don't ever say anything stupid like republicans do, the point is republicans never seem to be the ones getting targeted by this kind of BS. Go on, I'm waiting for examples. 1 hour agoflag  reply+5SaladinIt's a terrible tragedy, the guy even shot and killed a little kid for Christ's sake. What a fucking troglodyte.But what this shows, which is something I've been saying for a little while on this site, is that Americans really don't tolerate violence against their own kind.However much we think our government or our justice system is broken, practically none of us can sit with a quieted stomach learning that someone had a chunk of their head blown off because they had a different opinion. 1 day agoflag  reply-2ParatusLinking htis to Sarah Palin, Tea  Parties, Democrat Party, George Soros seems to me to be a bit premature at this time.  Of course, since she is a Democrat, many will seize upon the opportunity to cast the shooter as a Tea Party, REpublican Party or Halloween Party official.  What the heck, let's blame it on Bush.  This is very unfortunate and not good for a million reasons but blaming it on Palin or Tea Parties is ignorant. 1 day agoflag  reply+5teto007  Paratus:it's just hard not to make the connection of cross hairs and her name and the website suddenly down . 1 day agoflag  reply+2NickerBocker09  teto007:exactly teto007. But Paratus still has a point. Afterall apparently this kid was a veteran. It is possible he lost friends in Afghanistan and took it out on her? We wont know for a couple days now. 1 day agoflag  reply0Paratus  teto007:Depends on how far one is willing to leap.  It is easy to see monsters under the bed where none exist.  There is absolutely NO WAY you can convince me that Palin condones this or that was her intent.  For anyone else to make it so is on them , not Sarah Palin.  It seems this congresswoman is known for her efforts in opposition to illegal immigration.  It is purely rational to surmise that supporters of amnesty/ illegal immigration capped her with efforts to disguise the shooter as a Palin or Tea Party supporter.  Hell it could have been orchestrated by anti freedom people seeking to destroy the Second Amendment.  Lots of possibilities but no one seems hesitant to blame Palin and her reticle which, by the way, I have no problem with.  The news accounts said it was an automatic weapon yet they also said the shooter fired a pistol.  Unless he was firing a Glock 18, Broomhandle Mauser or something else strange that is inaccurate also. The bottom line is that we really don't know and the hatred the left have for Palin, Tea Partiers and anything else good or Constitutional will let them throw their ignorant verbal bombs around and beat their chests in a humerous show of bravado. That part is amusing.I will pray for the congresswoman, her family and the other killed and wounded. I hope that those who can recover fully and the shooter get his just deserts. 1 day agoflag  reply0teto007  NickerBocker09:I'm not saying one or the other, It's just weird. 1 day agoflag  reply+1Saladin  Paratus:No, blaming it on the Tea Party or Right-Wing Extremists is unfounded at this time, but it's not ignorant.If one had to speculate, that's the first thing anyone would come up with. And it's really not hard to see why. 1 day agoflag  reply-1libertyforall  Saladin:Actually, it is pretty ignorant. It is as stupid as the people who blame video games for murders. 1 day agoflag  reply+1freecrack  libertyforall:u miss the nuance.the video games arent to blame for the acts, but the knowledge of how to commit the acts.palin and the tea party arent responsable for some loon going off the rails but they are responsable for creating a list of targets for just such an occassion, and promoting this as a good thing for the collective. 1 day agoflag  reply-2libertyforall  freecrack:So Palin created a list of targets? So I couldn't go to CSPAN, OpenCongress, or GovTrack and see who voted for the healthcare bill?It was a list of people Palin thought should be defeated. Nothing more. 1 day agoflag  reply+3Conniepae  libertyforall:What would it take for 'shame'?  Even if they are not really to blame, they should feel shame, because it is a possibility.  The mere fact that Sarah Palin has them in her cross hairs is shameful.  Many people had pointed out the dangers of putting someone in cross hairs, yet the site wasn't pulled until it could be used against them?  That's shameful.  If they didn't feel it now reflected badly on their poor judgement, why would it get pulled? 1 day agoflag  reply+1antiutopia  Paratus:The posted report says that the shooter ran up to the crowd and began "firing indiscriminately." 1 day agoflag  reply-1libertyforall  Conniepae:Umm, no it is not shameful and actually just a marketing tool. You put someone in the cross hairs that you want defeated.Again, no different than the people who claim Grand Theft Auto inspires people to go kill hookers. 1 day agoflag  reply+2freecrack  libertyforall:http://reads.asIt was a list of people Palin thought should be defeated. Nothing more.and for reasonable nonviolent rational people that is how it reads.as hyperbolic rhetoric designed to spice up what would be otheriwse boring platform statements.and fortunately the overwhelming majority of us see that.but the problem is the retards who dont.the people who are simple and dont have the ability to grasp what gimmickery is, or that our national debate is theater.when you make available to the mass's (350-400 million people) a list of people who shoot be "shot down" and represent that with crosshairs over where they reside, you are irresponsibly offering a call to the simple to act on feelings that they shouldnt.it creates the feeling amongst those who would shoot our leaders that thier desire is not thiers alone.it offers validation of a malevolent idea.what makes it worse is that this isnt really complex stuff.it is just the same as it irresponsable to show little kids pro-wrestling out of context due to the desire to imitate.amongst the millions of us who are able to see this stuff, not everyone has the aptitude to understand its true function and meaning.especialy right wing literalist who love thier guns and the use of them.this isnt a situation where in a year from now the cops are gunna tell us about this little off the wall thing he saw that inspired him to do this.this stuff is out in the public view for all of us, and has already been condemed as irresponsible for fear of this exact thing happening.since the dawn of our democracy to present day politicians have used myriads of methods to express a desire to defeat thier political rivals, and always innapropriate is any analogy that even alludes to violence as they answer.that is the part palin doesnt get,fox doesnt get,and presently you dont get."i want you to fucking die and you should b shot"am i countering your idealogy, or issuing a threat? 1 day agoflag  reply-1libertyforall  freecrack:I've told people I hope they die, get AIDs, commit suicide, etc. all the time on the internet. It's called hyperbole like you said. Doesn't bother me, and I don't think someone is really going to come kill me.If someone is crazy they could find anything to inspire them to commit an act of violence. Presently, there is not a single thing from the man's MySpace or YouTube to indicate any type of ideology influence his decision to commit these acts. 1 day agoflag  reply+1freecrack  libertyforall:like i said you are right that at present thier is nothing that directly links palin to his motives.how ever his actions fall directly in line with the worst case scenerio of events that can result from palins hyperbolic actions.while im not difinitively blaming her for this incident, as without evidence it wouldnt be accurate, you have to acknowledge that it is suspiciously close.big difference between the redonkulous shit we may post on the internet and palin, is we are just one per million, while palin functions in a leadership capacity.i say go kill some one, chances are not a single person is gunna listen.hell i post legit positions that are regularly discounted as i matter not and have no credentials.palin on the other hand is some one whos words wield power, and truthfully that power is usualy over the lame amongst us.not the rational and reasonable.if this were a criminal investigation she wouldnt be under arrest at this point, but she shouldnt leave town either. 1 day agoflag  reply+1Paratus  Saladin:It is ignorant.  We dont' have all the facts but the preliminary ones depict the shooter as a "liberal" 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Paratus:exactly, and as more evidence emerges it seems to be the opposite case 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Conniepae:maybe for courtesy and human dignity. maybe they realized it was a bad idea, even if it was unrelated 1 day agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  freecrack:actually the day we cater our language to the fears that the most fringe and disturbed among us might react, is the day we have given up the fight for freedom 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  teto007:so if sarah palin was shot would it be the fault of someone here for some absurd bit of rhetoric and theatrics they employed to get their points across? 24 hours agoflag  reply0skybluskyblue  antiutopia:If you read other reports you will see that he "began firing indiscriminately" AFTER he specifically asked for and shot her point blank in the head. 9 hours agoflag  reply0congoboy  skybluskyblue:further proof that liberalism is a mental disorder 9 hours agoflag  reply+13NickerBocker09To the people saying that this was a good thing. Fuck off. To the families of the child, Congresswoman, aides, and civilians that were shot and by this terrorist the country mourns with you. This man will answer for his crimes. If the shooter really is a veteran then he is a traitor to this country because he swore in oath to defend not attack us. To Sarah Palin, if your words have really caused this violence (we must wait to be sure) then you deserve no mercy as this nation looks down upon you. 1 day agoflag  reply0remanns  NickerBocker09:+^d 1 day agoflag  reply0congoboy  NickerBocker09:no ones words can be blamed for a psychotic episode like this. if that were the case every time barney frank opened his mouth i'd be committing a crime. 9 hours agoflag  reply+3keithponderhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OaK6jNEL6Qhttp://www.azcentral.com/news/election/azelections/articles/2010/04/16/20100416arizona-concealed-weapons-bill16-ON.htmlArizona to allow concealed weapons without permit==========================================================Gov. Jan Brewer signed Senate Bill 1108 into law Friday afternoon. It eliminates the requirement for a concealed-carry weapons permit, but does require gun owners to accurately answer if an officer asks them if they are carrying weapon concealed. It also allows officers to temporarily confiscate a weapon while they are talking to an individual, including during a traffic stop."I believe strongly in the individual rights and responsibilities of a free society, and as governor I have pledged a solemn and important oath to protect and defend the Constitution," Brewer said in a news release. "I believe this legislation not only protects the Second Amendment rights of Arizona citizens, but restores those rights as well."The law goes into effect 90 days after the Legislature adjourns for this session, which could happen in the next couple of weeks.Arizona joins Vermont and Alaska in not requiring such permits."If you want to carry concealed, and you have no criminal history, you are a good guy, you can do it," bill sponsor Sen. Russell Pearce, R-Mesa, has said of his bill. "It's a freedom that poses no threat to the public."National Rifle Association lobbyist Matt Dogali said the new state law would not violate any current federal requirements."There is no federal requirement for a permit or lack thereof," Dogali said.The federal government oversees the background-check program required to purchase a weapon, which will still be required in Arizona in most cases.Brewer last week did sign a separate law that exempts guns made and kept in Arizona from federal regulation, including background checks.Arizona had 154,279 active permits as of April 4. Permit holders are spread across all ages, races and counties, but White males older than 30 in Maricopa and Pima counties hold the majority, according to the Arizona Department of Public Safety data.The permits generated $1.8 million in revenue last fiscal year, according to DPS. The money is used to help cover costs for enforcing laws related to the Highway Patrol, operating the concealed-carry weapon-licensing program and impounding vehicles.Arizona's permit process will remain in place, and many gun owners may still choose to get a permit. Permits would still be needed in order to carry a weapon into a restaurant or bar that serves alcohol. They would also be needed if an Arizonan wants to carry his or her gun concealed in most other states.For those who do choose to get a permit, the education requirements do change under the new law. Classes are no longer required to be a set number of hours or include any hands-on use of the weapon. Those who don't get a permit would not be required to get any training or education.Retired Mesa police officer Dan Furbee runs a business teaching permit and other gun safety classes. He said if most people choose not to get a permit, it will put several hundred Arizona firearms instructors out of business."It's going to hurt," he said.But he said what really concerns him is that the new law will allow people who have had no education about Arizona's laws and no training on the shooting range to carry a concealed gun. The eight-hour class currently required to get a permit includes information on state law and gun safety, as well as requires students to be able to hit a target 14 out of 20 times. Furbee said his class at Mesa-based Ultimate Accessories costs $79, plus $60 for the five-year permit."I fully agree that we have a right to keep and bear arms," Furbee said. "But if you are not responsible enough to take a class and learn the laws, you are worse than part of the problem."He said it's not uncommon for students to walk into his classroom and pull a new gun out of a box with no idea how to hold it and no understanding of the laws surrounding it."If you are going to carry a concealed weapon, you should have some kind of training and show that you are at least competent to know how the gun works and be able to hit a target," he said. "You owe the people around you a measure of responsibility."This new law is the latest of several that have passed over the past year since Brewer took over the office from former Gov. Janet Napolitano, a Democrat.Napolitano vetoed at least a dozen weapons bills that crossed her desk during her seven years in office, all of which would have loosened gun restrictions. In 2005, Napolitano rejected a bill that would have allowed patrons to carry loaded guns into bars and restaurants. In 2008, she also vetoed a bill that would have allowed people to have a hidden gun in vehicles without a concealed-carry permit.In January 2009, Napolitano resigned to become U.S. Homeland Security secretary and Republican Secretary of State Brewer became governor.During her first year in office, Brewer signed a bill allowing loaded guns in bars and restaurants, as well as another that prohibits property owners from banning guns from parking areas, so long as the weapons are kept locked in vehicles. http://www.azcentral.com/news/election/azelections/articles/2010/04/16/20100416a... 1 day agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  keithponder:Well done Keith! 1 day agoflag  reply+1remanns  keithponder:. . . .and your thesis statement ,.....IS,......? 1 day agoflag  reply0libertyforall  keithponder:Keith, That is a great article. It really makes you wonder why others weren't carrying weapons in the crowd in order to stop the crazy guy. That's why law abiding citizens are legally allowed to own a weapon. 1 day agoflag  reply+2CalPal  libertyforall:1)  What citizen is going to put their lives on the line to save a person, never mind a congressperson?  The reason people buy guns is to protect themselves and their immediate families, not go out and be a hero.  Besides, there are people who are actually paid to do this, anyways: police, her bodyguards (if she hired any), etc.2)  This guy probably had his gun concealed until he actually pulled it out to shoot this lady, so no one would even notice.  According to the law that Brewer helped pass, now no one is able to tell whether anyone is carrying guns on them; and if you're going out to kill a person, are you going to be honest with police and tell them that you have a gun?!This law - and the people who helped passed it - are naive and completely clueless as how to actually handle gun laws. 1 day agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  CalPal:umm before the law, how did you know whether someone had a gun on them or not?was it not tha law now, would this guy have said well shit i want to go open up on a crowd and kill a judge to get my ramblings into the public consciousness, but its against the law to carry a concealed weapon? 1 day agoflag  reply0CalPal  Itsbatman_Durr:When do you EVER know if someone has a gun on them?  And since when do people going out to kill someone ever care about what laws they're breaking in the progress?Simply put, no, this guy wouldn't bother with asking whether he should go and kill someone because it's illegal to hide your gun.  He's going to kill someone; that probably means at best he's either getting life or the chair once caught.This law is incredibly stupid, and knowing Arizona, only minorities are going to be asked by police if they have any firearms on them, because hey, it's Arizona: what do you expect? 11 hours agoflag  reply0congoboy  CalPal:good to see that you personally know arizonan's,  their rule of law,  and the true reasons behind it before commenting on such a controversial subject.  instead of just parroting what the mass media pundits and your leftylib friends tell you to believe. voted up! 10 hours agoflag  reply0libertyforall  CalPal:Was he legally carrying a gun?Anti-gun statists are clueless as to how reality works. Your utopia is already failing in England. 4 hours agoflag  reply+2kennymotownThe correct spelling for Jared Loughner and his last youtube placement.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHoaZaLbqB4 1 day agoflag  reply0antiutopia  kennymotown:Egad... what a nutcase.  Anti-government.  I don't think political party matters with this guy.  His use of syllogism to make meaningless claims is particularly interesting. 1 day agoflag  reply+1kennymotownFederal Judge.....http://search.yahoo.com/r/_ylt=A0oG7kvi0ihN5A0ABZBXNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTByMTNuNTZzBHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMgRjb2xvA2FjMgR2dGlkAw--/SIG=11tbv6e8a/EXP=1294607458/**http%3a//judgepedia.org/index.php/John_RollHas died in the shooting! 1 day agoflag  reply0JanforGorehttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1345386/Gabrielle-Giffords-shot-Congress...According to AP the gunman has been identified as Jared Laughner.http://www.breakingnews.com/filter/arizona-shootingAccording to this feed the surgeon stated he is optimistic about her survival. 1 day agoflag  reply-1telcodJust thinking.  Why does this get our juices flowing and our vicarious blood pounding so much?  And yet, on a daily basis, we go silently along while babies are bitten by rats and starve to death in the streets.  We are a sad lot. 1 day agoflag  reply+3JanforGore  telcod:Speak for yourself. 1 day agoflag  reply+1freecrack  telcod:trickle down compasion 1 day agoflag  reply-3telcod  JanforGore:I was asking a question, not speaking for myself.  Another momentary lapse in logic there my dear.  And, by the way what have you done lately but be partisan and superglue your fingers to the keyboard.  Rants are all the same no matter what side you're on.  And there is no middle ground.  Confusing, isn't it.  What you do determines what you become. 1 day agoflag  reply+4dablaq  telcod:You have no sympathy at all to the shooting victims? You have lost the part that make you a human. 1 day agoflag  reply+1Conniepae  telcod:What are you talking about?  What is your point?  What should dictate what gets our individual juices flowing?  Post some of 'your' babies being bitten by rats daily and I guess we would think about it, but this post is about a current event.  An event, which had been predicted during the Tea Party, Glenn Beck and Sarah Palin, call to arms.  'Lock and reload' ring a bell? We have political figures daily igniting the ticking time bombs planted in the minds of dangerous individuals.  When they speak like they do, they should be held accountable, when some crazy goes crazy!  These politicians are using modern media, to spread their messages.  Our media is all too willing to let people spin disinformation and hate for 'rat'ings.  Media 'rat'ings?  Maybe  U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords is a casualty of media 'rat'ings, run amuck?  Maybe it's time for people who spin and those who enable them, to be held accountable?  It's not time to 'move along'. 1 day agoflag  reply0telcod  Conniepae:Once a week or so my darling, I wake up in the middle of the night from technicolor dreams of burned up babies (and other folk) from my glory days in Vietnam.  I have raised 5 girls no one else wanted, except to ignore, exploit or abuse.  What is my point?  This issue will go no wear and as a Chinese general said after Tienanmen Square, "The world will soon forget."  We continue to miss the point and polarize the debate because we are intellectually primitive and we lack imagination.Regarding the "other," you know the tea party and Sarah and the other vermin masquerading as humans, go back and read Martin Buber's "I and Du."  Reduce the population and you reduce the crazies.  Simple math. 7 minutes agoflag  reply0telcod  dablaq:You ever notice that when the body count is low, everybody can "relate?" 5 minutes agoflag  reply+2kennymotownApparently from hospital spokesman the child has died that was wounded, and the Congresswoman is alive and was talking. She apparently has a very good chance of recovery. 1 day agoflag  reply+1ArchDruidAccording to Pima County Sheriffs Dept-18 shot-6 dead. Rep Giffords in surgery. ID of dead not released. 1 day agoflag  reply+1kennymotownFox is reporting Jared Laughner is the shooter and a Afghanistan veteran! 1 day agoflag  reply+1Kitten_Moon  kennymotown:He never enlisted. He was about to take a mini bible test for the army, which makes no sense. 1 day agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  Kitten_Moon:Yes apparently FOX news had said he was a Afghanistan veteran but since retracted that, I hadn't heard the bible thing but this guy's youtube ramblings were all over the place! From viewing those and his my space writings he definitely had more than one screw loose. 1 day agoflag  reply0rmmzmbIf you really wanna stop the Tea Party/Nazi pendulum swing-stop mentioning them in the news. stop pretending to entertain their arguments for ratings. lets make them irrelevant by covering actual news not shock jock news. and people, watch HBO for entertainment not Fox or Cnn. And gun rights? you gotta be kidding me, this is the 21st century, right? 1 day agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  rmmzmb:Well they are not irrelevant now are they! 1 day agoflag  reply-1TheAmericanPatriot  rmmzmb:Funny you didn't mention MSNBC. Ha Ha Ha. Why is that? 1 day agoflag  reply+1rmmzmb  TheAmericanPatriot:My bad, basically any news source Including MSNBC. Dont confuse me for a "liberal". Keith Olbermann is a steaming pile along with most anchors that put their opinions on a news station-what disgraceful and harmful manipulation! 1 day agoflag  reply+1rmmzmb  kennymotown:thats right, you should support someone blasting their way into relevancy with an automatic weapon. high standards. Listen, the act itself should be reported but we need to stop stringing this shit together like there is some huge cause or movement out there. there isnt just a bunch of misinformed, paranoid hicks obsessed with "this land is my land" mentality. Their generation, sadly, is fading and we need to get real and usher in the the next gen of thought. actual peace. 1 day agoflag  reply+1riverdeerSo Sad 1 day agoflag  reply+10wtthfkovrMichele Bachman  wanted her constituents to get armed and dangerous. The tea party that they had a right to have guns at political events. and the people at fox news supports this. Are you surprised that this has happened 1 day agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  wtthfkovr:Not surprised at all. I've been saying these people are nuts, and be prepared! 1 day agoflag  reply-6crystalmanall the sick saddos are crawling out of the woodwork in full force on this one. 1 day agoflag  reply+6Incredulous  crystalman:put a sock in it crystalman.....didn't take a crystal ball to see something like this coming. 1 day agoflag  reply+1freecrack  crystalman:well is it not your contention that it is just hyperbolic speach not a call to arms despite the socialy concious amongst us saying this would result?should we wait for a few dozen partisans to be murdered before we start the discussion? 1 day agoflag  reply+8coolplanetSarahpac.com just pulled a map off their website which targeted democrats with crosshairs. Gabrielle Giffords was one of them. 1 day agoflag  reply+1Proud_Progressive  coolplanet:Wonder if they'll take any ownership of their terrible images and words. 1 day agoflag  reply+4kennymotown  coolplanet:Still waiting for the shooter ID and motive, with news coming in about Sarah Palins website targeting her, that is rather disturbing indeed. This happened to my political hero's during the sixties, and if we are to blame anyone perhaps we will know more by the end of the day. 1 day agoflag  reply+1Incredulous  coolplanet:see if you can find it and post it here.  People need to see it. 1 day agoflag  reply+8Incredulous  Incredulous:ahhh, is this it? 1 day agoflag  reply0JanforGore  Incredulous:I think the entire Take Back The 20 website is now gone. 1 day agoflag  reply-4TheAmericanPatriot  kennymotown:Could be an inside job by the government also. 1 day agoflag  reply+3telcod  kennymotown:Just walked into this one.  Looks like the news was "confirming" her death, but now it seems that she has come out of surgery successfully.   Just can't get anything accurate, those "news" people unless it's a nipple operation on Paris Hilton.  I, also was struck by the lack of information about the alleged shooter.  But I am only ten minutes into this.  Seems to me to be another math problem.  When the tribe is small, the nut jobs can be dealt with directly and effectively, ie.  adios on the ice flow or hard core hide and seek.  More people, numerically more defective units.  Sad math, but dandy headlines. 1 day agoflag  reply0maasanova  JanforGore:http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:koF70deULPgJ:www.takebackthe20.com/+take+back+the+20&cd=1&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=usGoogle still has the cached version 1 day agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  Incredulous:Nice work in finding and pointing out this fact. I knew this was coming, and apparently the shooter Jared Laughner was a Afghanistan war veteran according to FOX news. 1 day agoflag  reply-1JanforGore  maasanova:Well I'm not interested in seeing it. 1 day agoflag  reply0freecrack  JanforGore:so much for convictions on that side of the aisle 1 day agoflag  reply0freecrack  TheAmericanPatriot:really? a minor league arizona democrat really? 1 day agoflag  reply0freecrack  telcod:its gunna be a clusterfuck for at least a few weeks with the left trumpeting tea party radicalism and fox spinning lone wolf theories in lue of actual info 1 day agoflag  reply0timetide  Proud_Progressive:we should know by now, if they are involved in politics they have the magic ability to avoid any and all blame for something. 1 day agoflag  reply0kennymotown  telcod:It certainly is a sad state of affairs, but not surprising! 1 day agoflag  reply0Incredulous  JanforGore:now why would they do that?  I don't suppose someone realized too late that it was inciting -- as opposed to insightful? 1 day agoflag  reply+9JanforGoreLots of speculation and conflicting reports. This is just hateful. I just hope that she is alive and will recover along with all those shot. The political environment in this country is downright out of control. I was looking over at Huffington Post just to see if any updates were posted and found this. I too find this chilling.http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/01/08/gabrielle-giffords-dead-dies_n_806220.h... Again, out of control.Reading about this on Yahoo, the first comment was that she deserved this because she voted for the Dream Act. What hate. 1 day agoflag  reply+2csmonut  JanforGore:This is just pure evil, Jan. I feel so...sad, for her, and all of the others that were shot. I sincerely hope this is not a portent of things to come. 1 day agoflag  reply+1JanforGore  csmonut:Yes, my thoughts exactly.  My guess is you won't be seeing members of Congress at public events after this either. 1 day agoflag  reply0freecrack  JanforGore:excellent find.hold on to that 1 day agoflag  reply+2dablaq  JanforGore:Jan, I don't know how can we define "Terrorism" anymore? It seems that the movement is pretty violent and carries a Nazi style. If these people are not stopped, they will turn America into Nazi era or even into chaos like Iraq. 1 day agoflag  reply+1freecrack  dablaq:i agree with ya, and i have experienced it first hand.in fact i live in a red state (fla) and when attending tea party rallies it feels very nazi ish.but lets quantify thier flaws and errors specific to them, cuz the nazi label dismissed criticism as hyperbolic.today it was this congresswoman, but with the rhetoric that they are using the path is to other congressman and basicaly all minorities.too serious a thing, to misstep with slips of the tongue regardless of how acuarate it may be. 1 day agoflag  reply+1dablaq  freecrack:You are absolutely right. People need to be educated about the negative impacts of the tea party. Most people have no idea about their hidden agenda and they just follow as blind sheep. It divides this great nation and defy the basis of our democracy, freedom and prosperity. In simple words: The tea party weakens this nation and is the main catalyst to the fall of America. 1 day agoflag  reply+1JanforGore  dablaq:Yes, and it makes you wonder just how far they are willing to take this. Of course, we don't have much information to go on as of yet, but my guess is that this is not just some random shooting. It is sad to see this happening after our long history of violence proving it solves nothing. 1 day agoflag  reply+2dracpoo2wow...we must not joke about people's lives. This is sad. 1 day agoflag  reply+3ArchDruidA Federal Judge is one of 11 shot and wounded. Eye witness from a near by store stated the Congresswoman was shot in the head at point blank..... 1 day agoflag  reply-10damushI wonder if they can come to Sacramento and shoot Arnold! 1 day agoflag  reply0freecrack  damush:well aypis nice to see your alter ego 1 day agoflag  reply+8kennymotownARIZONA is currently debating wether or not too allow GUNS in schools! What the hell is in the water there! 1 day agoflag  reply0CarlosIsDownI'd rather this be a crazy person trying to impress Jodie Foster than some politically motivated a**hole.I'd rather it not happen at all, actually. 1 day agoflag  reply0CarlosIsDown  CarlosIsDown:*side noteHer wiki page says she died on Jan 8th, but if you read the 2nd paragraph "She is said to be in "critical" condition[3] and in surgery.[4]"Oh wikipedians, can you agree on nothing? 1 day agoflag  reply+3Proud_ProgressiveThis is terrible.Maybe we shouldn't rush to assign blame and motives.  Let's just hope the wounded pull through. 1 day agoflag  reply-11TheAmericanPatriotShe went against our king, she went against Pelozi, gee, what could possibly go wrong there. 1 day agoflag  reply+2freecrack  TheAmericanPatriot:psycho 1 day agoflag  reply+3NickerBocker09  TheAmericanPatriot:fuck off asshole 1 day agoflag  reply-1TheAmericanPatriot  NickerBocker09:I'm sorry I should of blame Palin then I wouldn't have gotten a nasty response. 22 hours agoflag  reply+5neocongoI blame Fox Newz. 1 day agoflag  reply0wtthfkovr  neocongo:And Rush 1 day agoflag  reply+2ArchDruidSpokeswoman Darci Slaten at the University Medical Ctr, Tucson has stated that the Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords is currently undergoing surgery...... 1 day agoflag  reply+7toyotabedzrock2:37 p.m. ET: KOLD-TV in Tucson reports it has been told by hospital officials that Giffords, 40, is alive and in surgery.http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2011/01/08/132764807/rep-gabrielle-giffords-... 1 day agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  toyotabedzrock:Apparently a child was shot and is one of the wounded! 1 day agoflag  reply+1kennymotownApparently 12 people were shot and as many as 6 are dead, officials are still waiting to release information as to wether the Congresswoman is one of the dead. conflicting reports say she is in surgery! 1 day agoflag  reply-5_doja_another person highly involved with the goverment has passed away.... which leaves me wondering if the united states goverment is begining to fall...... first we had the wikileaks exposure which let the whole worlld know how the u.s goverment works..... then the murder  john p wheeler... and lets not forget all the dieing animals and the posiibitlity that the goverment has been involved in nuclear testing and selling of weapons .. then we have two seperate incidents dealing with exploding mail getting deliverd to different state offfices.... and now a arizona congressman shot dead...... im not saying all these insidents are related..... but if people in high places continue to die and and the american people continue to lose trust in their goverment.... there will be more inccidents like this and we will see the united states crumble.... what a crazy way to start the year..... if u ask me the u.s is the weakest nation in the world right now and the srarry thing is that other nations are beginnig to notice to 1 day agoflag  reply+3Incredulous  _doja_:the U.S. is NOT the weakest nation in the world right now...what a dumbass thing to say.  None of the things you listed rationally lead to that conclusion.  The U.S. is a nation in turmoil right now....along with a lot of other nations, but read a few more stories on Current...corrective rape in South Africa and their government refuses to deal with it as a crime?  Hello, that is weak. 1 day agoflag  reply-2maasanovaHere's the media already forming the "Lone Wolf," "lone shooter" "right-wing whacko" scenario popularized by the Southern Poverty Law Center, who feeds these kinds of reports to leftists organizations like Media Matters:From Yahoo News:"Witnesses say that the gunman was in his "late teens or early twenties." An eyewitness who contacted Gawker says that he was young, mid-to-late 20s, white clean-shaven with short hair and wearing dark clothing." According to their source, HE LOOKED LIKE A FRINGE CHARACTER."" 1 day agoflag  reply+1neocongo  maasanova:Both the Southern Poverty Law Center and Media Matters are known for having an impeccable record in reporting the truth.  Don't be suprised if once again, they are correct. 1 day agoflag  reply-3maasanova  neocongo:SPLC reports are pure propaganda, and is a "fight hate by fomenting hate" racketeering organization. 1 day agoflag  reply+3emarstonFLASH: Congresswoman Giffords still alive, in surgery, nine other patients brought in from shooting: hospital spokeswoma 1 day agoflag  reply+2toyotabedzrockAnother small bit of info.http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2011/01/08/AR2011010802188.... 1 day agoflag  reply+7ArchDruidMs Giffords, 40, represents the eighth district of Arizona in the House, is married to space shuttle astronaut Mark Kelly. 1 day agoflag  reply-2maasanovaTalk about jumping to conclusions. This is tragic, but unless you know the killer(s) personally, we should wait until all the facts come out.Here's the media narrative already taking shape before the police have a chance to investigate the motive for the shooting.From the comments section:"It's not much a stretch to bet that the lunatic gunman was a Right-wing nutter. Lets face it, a pissed of Democrat just isn't likely because they probably don't even own a gun!It's getting just that much closer... Bastards." 1 day agoflag  reply+1NickerBocker09  maasanova:Hold your tongue. The media isnt doing that. You cant pull shit from the comments section and say the media is saying its a right wing nut. If they do say its a right-win nut then it would be a logical conclusion. This lady has been threatened many times by right-wings and is on the Palin hit list. Her campaign HQ was vandalized during the election. So dont try pulling "liberal media blaming conservatives" bullshit. 1 day agoflag  reply-1maasanova  NickerBocker09:Gifford's dad is claiming that the "entire tea party was her enemy" even though this poor woman's political platform, aside from abortion and maybe healthcare, wasn't all that off from the tea party political platform.I'm no fan of the tea parties per se, but you gotta love how the mainstream media and left-leaning blogs are running with this angle already.Also the crazy lone gunman theory is presented here already, just as I predicted...http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/us-politics/8248399/G...Miss Giffords, a Democrat congresswoman, was shot in the head during a public meeting in Tucson, Arizona. A LONE GUNMAN, described by witnesses as being a white man in his late teens or early twenties, fired into a crowd gathered for a "Congress in your Corner" event outside a supermarket. Her father Spencer Giffords, 75, wept when asked if his 40-year-old daughter had any enemies. "Yeah," he told The New York Post. "THE WHOLE TEA PARTY." Miss Giffords had been named in March as a political campaign target for conservatives in Novembers elections by former Alaska governor Sarah Palin for her strong support for the health reforms of President Barack Obama. MRS PALIN HAD PUBLISHED A TARGET MAP on her website using images of gun sights to identify 20 House Democrats, including Miss Giffords, for backing the new health care law. The Democrat congresswoman was a target of conservative Republican campaigning for her enthusiastic backing of President Barack Obamas healthcare reforms and last year complained that her office in Tucson had been attacked by vandals. Sarah Palin issued a statement shortly after the shooting. "My sincere condolences are offered to the family of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and the other victims of today's tragic shooting in Arizona," she said. "On behalf of Todd and my family, we all pray for the victims and their families, and for peace and justice." The congresswoman, who is Jewish, is a gun-owner and supporter of the right to bear arms. She was also a strong advocate of abortion rights. She won re-election to her third term in Congress last year, beating off a challenge for a Republican candidate endorsed by the Tea Party."So what up? 1 day agoflag  reply-1timetide  maasanova:Bite your tongue. Normally I can put up with your BS but somebody has made an assassination attempt on an elected representative. This action is an affront on what it means to be an American and this is not the place or time to spew your conspiracies and paranoid BULLSHIT. You shamelessly doing this is no better than how Bush used 9/11 to push his agenda. Your extreme rhetoric has reveled you again and again as nothing more than a paid troll for the right. So shut up, sit down and realize what this event means, not how you can profit from it. 1 day agoflag  reply+1maasanova  timetide:Uh what are you talking about? LOL paid troll for the "RIGHT"? What are you smoking?You might want to go back and read how this started and stop embarrasing your self timetide.I'M not the one spewing paranoid bullshit and conspiracy theories about Sarah Palin and the Tea Party being behind this shooting with no evidence.I'm saying let's stop blaming which party was behind the shooting and wait until all the facts come out and then we can point fingers and place blame. 1 day agoflag  reply+3timetideRIP Giffords. 1 day agoflag  reply+5ArchDruidCNN have confirmed that US Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and at least 6 others have been shot dead and at least another 6 taken to hospital with gunshot wounds. She died at the hospital.A grave attack against democracy...... 1 day agoflag  reply+4ArchDruid  ArchDruid:CNN are now stating the Congresswomen may not be dead and is currently undergoing surgery ?Conflicting reports? 1 day agoflag  reply+2ArchDruid  ArchDruid:Spokeswoman Darci Slaten at the University Medical Ctr, Tucson has stated that the Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords is currently undergoing surgery...... 1 day agoflag  reply+2artemis6  ArchDruid:I hope she pulls through and is well again soon . 1 day agoflag  reply+1ArchDruid  artemis6:I'm sure all or most people would hope the wounded will make it. An elected official out on the street, meeting the people.......... 1 day agoflag  reply+10AreOhThis lady wasn't shot. She was assassinated. I know it is socially acceptable to put your head in the sand and not be aware of the world around you in America, but one simply cannot not ignore the political implications of, well, yet another act of domestic terrorism.http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/03/24/sarah-palins-pac-puts-gun_n_511433.html 1 day agoflag  reply+6Nick19  AreOh:Thank you Captain Obvious (No offense) for the common knowledge that we all know already. Plain and simple, this was a political assassination and someone should be held responsible beyond the shooter since they were obviously influenced by someone *cough Sarah Palin *cough Glenn Beck *cough Fox News and those someones need to be held accountable and called out on the political terrorism that they encouraged. 1 day agoflag  reply+3AreOh  Nick19:If the last few years have taught us anything, it's that ignorance cannot be underestimated. True it may be obvious to people such as you and me, but it isn't as clear for a lot of people. I'd much rather err on the side redundant information than assume it is common knowledge. 1 day agoflag  reply+2Nick19  AreOh:Oh well, we will see who the shooter is very soon. I predict in about and hour or so and we will see who committed this disgraceful act. Some people are clamming drug cartels which I'll call bullshit on since they have no motive to kill US politicians and are too busy with defending turf and fighting the Mexican Army. Anyways again, we will see. 1 day agoflag  reply0Buddha2112  Nick19:and who should we jail for your ignorance?  I really hope you don't mean to punish others for something someone else did. 1 day agoflag  reply+6emarstonI have no words... 1 day agoflag  reply+9KSirysPeople are fucking stupid and sad...  i hope they find the idiot that did this and lock him up for a long time! It's one thing to disagree with someone's point of view, but to shoot someone?  That's a low life! 1 day agoflag  reply+9Nick19Fucking disgraceful 1 day agoflag  reply+9kennymotownArizona is loosing it's collective mind! 1 day agoflag  reply+1MrMxyzptlkhttp://www.npr.org/2011/01/08/132764367/congresswoman-shot-in-arizona?ps=cprsNPR, a more reliable source, verifies the story. 1 day agoflag  reply+4toyotabedzrock  MrMxyzptlk:C&L got the story from an NPR feed on another site. I looked to make sure this was not BS.Wow this is even more shocking because the gunman was young. :-( 1 day agoflag  reply+1freecrack  toyotabedzrock:i see it as expected.i believe with age comes wisdom.ever notice all the jihadis are college age not middle aged.just my theory 1 day agoflag  reply+1Saladin  freecrack:On the contrary.The footsoldier Jihadis are all kids, the leaders, founders, funders and organizers are all 40+ years old.With age comes experience and experience is the best teacher. But to those unwilling to learn, it really doesn't matter what age you are. 1 day agoflag  reply+1freecrack  Saladin:of course crazy trumps age, but that is what im saying.the foot soldier tend to be the youth.wich is what this giuy would be classified as in the jihadi analogy. 1 day agoflag  reply-1maasanovaThe media are going to blame right-wing extremists, or try to present a "lone wolf" senario before the police even have a chance to investigate. 1 day agoflag  reply+1freecrack  maasanova:no left wing media is going to play it like that, while fox is going to do the exact opposite.it would cause a rift in the space time contium if fox acknowledged a flaw on the right. 1 day agoflag  reply+1NickerBocker09  maasanova:They actually haven't. Nice try tho. 1 day agoflag  reply+1remanns  maasanova:I think you are jumping the gun. ( not that it it couldnt happen,....but REALLY,....tiz not writ yet,...wait on reality,.....just sayin....) 1 day agoflag  reply0maasanova  NickerBocker09:Actually they did.The London Telegraph did exactly what I said they'd do: blame "Lone wolf", run with right-wing tea party angle, before any police investigation and based off hearsay evidence.So what up? 1 day agoflag  reply+9toyotabedzrockWTF 1 day agoflag  replymore fromNews:Latest Updates Five People Injured In SUV Rollover Toyota Needs Brake Override Technology Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 7Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10Imran Khan: Pakistan is 'going down' more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Tron-ify Everything !!!! Too much fluoride in water! UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowThe Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentskennymotown commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  25 minutes agoIt's going to be a wild ride........buckle up!http://www.fancast.com/tv/Saturday-Night-Live/10009/1731071602/Amusement-Park-Ride/videos?cmpid=FCST_hp_xfinitytv ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  32 minutes agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  55 minutes agodebate-able and seriously, who cares? cheerleading isnt news, or even a basis for discussion its just adding to the us vs them mentality that creates static to bury the real issues Incredulous commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  1 hour ago"When it comes to terrorism, we should err on the side of protecting the American people," Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement."Well they got the... mcjk commented on AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event...  1 hour agoWhat kind of news article does it take for people to have a mature, rational discussion here on Current?  Seriously, multiple people died, and more injured- and most of the comments I am reading...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog