Terrorism in India - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaTerrorism in IndiaFrom Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaThis is the latest accepted revision, accepted on 8 January 2011.Jump to: navigation,searchThis article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page.It needs additional references or sources for verification. Tagged since June 2009.Its factual accuracy is disputed. Tagged since March 2010.It may need copy editing for grammar, style, cohesion, tone or spelling. Tagged since April 2009.Terrorism in India is primarily attributable to religious communities and Naxalite radical movements.[citation needed]The regions with long term terrorist activities today are Jammu and Kashmir, Mumbai, Central India (Naxalism) and Seven Sister States (independence and autonomy movements). As of 2006, at least 232 of the countrys 608 districts were afflicted, at differing intensities, by various insurgent and terrorist movements.[1] In August 2008, National Security Advisor M K Narayanan has said that there are as many as 800 terrorist cells operating in the country.[2]Contents1 Chronology of major incidents2 Western India2.1 Maharashtra3 Jammu and Kashmir4 Northern and Northwestern India4.1 Bihar4.2 Punjab4.3 New Delhi4.3.1 Delhi security summit4.3.2 Attack on Indian parliament4.4 Uttar Pradesh4.4.1 Ayodhya crisis4.4.2 Varanasi blasts5 Northeastern India5.1 Nagaland5.2 Assam5.3 Tripura5.4 Manipur5.5 Mizoram6 South India6.1 Karnataka6.2 Andhra Pradesh6.3 Tamil Nadu7 In popular culture8 See also9 References10 Notes11 External links[edit] Chronology of major incidentsvdeTerrorist attacks in India(since 2001)Attacks with 50+ deaths in bold2001: Indian Parliament Srinagar 2002: 1st Raghunath Temple Akshardam Temple Kolkata Kaluchak massacre Qasimnagar massacre Rafiganj train 2nd Raghunath Temple Mumbai 2002 Kurnool train 2003: 1st Mumbai 2003 2nd Mumbai 2003 3rd Mumbai 2003 2005: Ayodhya Delhi 2005 Jaunpur train 2006: Varanasi Jama Masjid Doda massacre Mumbai 2006 Malegaon West Bengal train 2007: Samjhauta Express Mecca Masjid Hyderabad Uttar Pradesh 2008: Jaipur Bangalore Ahmedabad 1st Delhi 2008 2nd Delhi 2008 Malegaon/Modasa Agartala Imphal Assam Mumbai 2008 2009: 1st Guwahati 2nd Guwahati 2010: Pune Dantewada Gyaneshwari Express Varanasi 2010Main article: Chronology of major terrorist incidents in India[edit] Western India[edit] MaharashtraMumbai has been the most preferred target for most terrorist organizations, primarily the separatist forces from Pakistan.[citation needed]Over the past few years a series of attacks including explosions in local trains in July 2006, to the most recent and unprecedented attacks of 26 November 2008, where two of the prime hotels, a landmark train station and a Jewish Chabad house, in south Mumbai, were attacked and sieged.[citation needed]Terrorist attacks in Mumbai include:12 March 1993 - Series of 13 bombs go off killing 2576 December 2002 - Bomb goes off in a bus in Ghatkopar killing 227 January 2003 - Bomb goes off on a bicycle in Vile Parle killing 114 March 2003 - Bomb goes off in a train in Mulund killing 1028 July 2003 - Bomb goes off in a bus in Ghatkopar killing 425 August 2003 - Two Bombs go off in cars near the Gateway of India and Zaveri Bazaar killing 5011 July 2006 - Series of seven bombs go off in trains killing 20926 November 2008 to 29 November 2008 - Coordinated series of attacks killing at least 172.On 13 February 2010, a bomb explosion at the German Bakery in Pune killed fourteen people, and injured at least 60 more.[edit] Jammu and KashmirMain article: Insurgency in Jammu and KashmirArmed insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir killed tens of thousands till date[citation needed].[edit] Northern and Northwestern India[edit] BiharExistence of certain insurgent groups like the CPI-ML, Peoples war and MCC, is a major concern as they frequently attack local policemen and politicians.Poor governance and the law and order system in Bihar have helped increase the menace caused by the militias.The State has witnessed many massacres by these groups.The main victims of the violence by these groups are helpless people (including women, old and children) who are killed in massacres. The state police is ill equipped to take on the AK-47, AK-56 of the militants with their vintage 303 rifles. The militants have used landmines to kill ambush police parties as well.The root cause of the militant activities in the state is huge disparity among different caste groups. After Independence, land reforms were supposed to be implemented, thereby giving the low caste and the poor a share in the lands which was till then held mostly by high caste people.However, due to caste based divisive politics in the state land reforms were never implemented properly. This led to growing sense of alienation among the low caste.Communist groups like CPI-ML, MCC and People's War took advantage of this and instigated the low caste people to take up arms against establishment which was seen as a tool in the hands of rich. They started taking up lands of rich by force killing the high caste people.The high caste people resorted to use of force by forming their own army Ranvir Sena to take on the naxalites. The State witnessed a bloody period in which the groups tried to prove their supremacy by mass killings. The Police remained a mute witness to these killings as it lacked the means to take any action.However now the Ranvir Sena has significantly weakened with the arrest of its top brass. The other groups are still active.There have been arrests in various parts of the country, particularly those made by the Delhi and Mumbai police in the recent past, indicating that extremist/terrorist outfits have been spreading their networks in this State. There is a strong suspicion that Bihar is also being used as a transit point by the small-arms, fake currency and drug dealers entering from Nepal and terrorists reportedly infiltrating through Nepal and Bangladesh.However, in recent years these attacks by various caste groups have come down with better government being practised.[edit] PunjabThe Sikhs form a majority in the Indian state of Punjab. During the 1970s, a section of Sikh leaders cited various political, social and cultural issues to allege that the Sikhs were being cornered and ignored in Indian Society, and Sikhism was being absorbed into the Hindu fold. This gradually led to an armed movement in the Punjab, led by some key figures demanding a separate state for Sikhs.The insurgency intensified during 1980s when the movement turned violent and the name Khalistan resurfaced and sought independence from the Indian Union. Led by Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale who , though not in favor in the creation of Khalistan but also was not against it, began using militancy to stress the movement's demands. Soon things turned extreme with India alleging that neighboring Pakistan supported these militants, who, by 1983-84, had begun to enjoy widespread support among Sikhs.In 1984, Operation Blue Star was conducted by the Indian government to stem out the movement. It involved an assault on the Golden Temple complex, which Sant Bhindranwale had fortified in preparation of an army assault. Indira Gandhi, India's then prime minister, ordered the military to storm the temple, who eventually had to use tanks.After a seventy-four-hour firefight, the army successfully took control of the temple. In doing so, it damaged some portions of the Akal Takht, the Sikh Reference Library and some damaged to the Golden Temple itself. According to Indian government sources, eighty-three army personnel were killed and 249 injured. Militant casualties were 493 killed and eighty-six injured.During same year, the assassination of Indira Gandhi by two Sikh bodyguards, believed to be driven by the Golden Temple affair, resulted in widespread anti-Sikh riots, especially in New Delhi. Following Operation Black Thunder in 1988, Punjab Police, first under Julio Ribeiro and then under KPS Gill, together with the Indian Army eventually succeeded in pushing the movement underground.In 1985, Sikh terrorists bombed an Air India flight from Canada to India, killing all 329 people on board Air India Flight 182. It is the worst terrorist act in Canada's history.The ending of Sikh militancy and the desire for a Khalistan catalyzed when the then-Prime Minister of Pakistan, Benazir Bhutto handed all intelligence material concerning Punjab militancy to the Indian government, as a goodwill gesture. The Indian government used that intelligence to put an end to those who were behind attacks in India and militancy.The ending of overt Sikh militancy in 1993 led to a period of relative calm, punctuated by militant acts (i.e. the assassination of Punjab CM, Beant Singh in 1995) attributed to half a dozen or so operating Sikh militant organisations. These organisations include Babbar Khalsa International, Khalistan Commando Force, Khalistan Liberation Force and Khalistan Zindabad Force.[edit] New DelhiMain article: 29 October 2005 Delhi bombingsThree explosions went off in the Indian capital of New Delhi on 29 October 2005 which killed more than 60 people and injured at least 200 others. The high number of casualties made the bombings the deadliest attack in India of 2005. It was followed by 5 bomb blasts on 13 September 2008.[edit] Delhi security summitMain article: 2007 Delhi security summitThe Delhi summit on security took place on 14 February 2007 with the foreign ministers of China, India, and Russia meeting in Hyderabad House, Delhi, India to discuss terrorism, drug trafficking, reform of the United Nations, and the security situations in Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, and North Korea.[3][4][edit] Attack on Indian parliamentTerrorists on 13 December 2001 attacked the Parliament of India resulting in a 45-minute gun battle in which 9 policemen and parliament staffer were killed. All the five terrorists were also killed by the security forces and were identified as Pakistani nationals. The attack took place around 11:40 am (IST), minutes after both Houses of Parliament had adjourned for the day.The suspected terrorists dressed in commando fatigues entered Parliament in a car through the VIP gate of the building. Displaying Parliament and Home Ministry security stickers, the vehicle entered the Parliament premises.The terrorists set off massive blasts and used AK-47 rifles, explosives and grenades for the attack. Senior Ministers and over 200 Members of Parliament were inside the Central Hall of Parliament when the attack took place. Security personnel sealed the entire premises which saved many lives.[edit] Uttar Pradesh[edit] Ayodhya crisisMain article: 2005 Ram Janmabhoomi attack in AyodhyaThe long simmering Ayodhya crisis finally culminated in a terrorist attack on the site of the 16th century Babri Masjid -Demolished Ancient Masjid in Ayodhya on 5 July 2005. Following the two-hour gunfight between Lashkar-e-Toiba terrorists based in Pakistan and Indian police, in which six terrorists were killed, opposition parties called for a nationwide strike with the country's leaders condemning the attack, believed to have been masterminded by Dawood Ibrahim.[edit] Varanasi blastsMain article: 2006 Varanasi bombingsMain article: 2010 Varanasi bombingA series of blasts occurred across the Hindu holy city of Varanasi on 7 March 2006. Fifteen people are reported to have been killed and as many as 101 others were injured. No-one has accepted responsibility for the attacks, but it is speculated that the bombings were carried out in retaliation of the arrest of a Lashkar-e-Toiba agent in Varanasi earlier in February 2006.On 5 April 2006 the Indian police arrested six Islamic militants, including a cleric who helped plan bomb blasts. The cleric is believed to be a commander of a banned Bangladeshi Islamic militant group, Harkatul Jihad-al Islami and is linked to the Inter-Services Intelligence, the Pakistani spy agency.[5]On December 7, 2010, another blast occurred in Varanasi, that killed immediately a toddler, and set off a stampede in which 20 people, including four foreigners were injured.[6] The responsibility for the attack was claimed by the Islamist millitant group, Indian Mujahideen.[7][edit] Northeastern IndiaMain article: Insurgency in North-East IndiaNortheastern India consists 7 states (also known as the seven sisters): Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Manipur, and Nagaland. Tensions exists between these states and the central government as well as amongst the tribal people, who are natives of these states, and migrant peoples from other parts of India.The states have accused New Delhi of ignoring the issues concerning them. It is this feeling which has led the natives of these states to seek greater participation in self-governance. There are existing territorial disputes between Manipur and Nagaland.There is a rise of insurgent activities and regional movements in the northeast, especially in the states of Assam, Nagaland, Mizoram and Tripura. Most of these organizations demand independent state status or increased regional autonomy and sovereignty.North Eastern region tension have eased off-late with Indian and state government's concerted effort to raise the living standards of the people in these regions. However, militancy still exists in this region of India supported by external sources.[edit] NagalandThe first and perhaps the most significant insurgency was in Nagaland from the early 1950s until it was finally quelled in the early 1980s through a mixture of repression and co-optation. The National Socialist Council of Nagaland-Isak-Muivah (NSCN-IM), demands an independent Nagaland and has carried out several attacks on Indian military installations in the region. According to government officials, 599 civilians, 235 security forces and 862 terrorists have lost their lives between 1992 and 2000.On 14 June 2001, a cease-fire agreement was signed between the government of India and the NSCN-IM which had received widespread approval and support in Nagaland. Terrorist outfits such as the Naga National Council-Federal (NNC-F) and the National Council of Nagaland-Khaplang (NSCN-K) also welcomed the development.Certain neighbouring states, especially Manipur, raised serious concerns over the cease-fire. They feared that NSCN would continue insurgent activities in its state and demanded New Delhi scrap the ceasefire deal and renew military action. Despite the cease-fire the NSCN has continued its insurgency[citation needed].[edit] AssamAfter Nagaland, Assam is the most volatile state in the region. Beginning 1979, the indigenous people of Assam demanded that the illegal immigrants who had emigrated from Bangladesh to Assam be detected and deported. The movement lead by All Assam Students Union began non-violently with satyagraha, boycotts, picketing and courting arrests.Those protesting frequently came under police action. In 1983 an election was conducted which was opposed by the movement leaders. The election lead to widespread violence. The movement finally ended after the movement leaders signed an agreement (called Assam Accord) with the central government in 15 August 1985.Under the provisions of this accord, anyone who entered the state illegally between January 1966 and March 1971 were allowed to remain but were disenfranchised for ten years, while those who entered after 1971 faced expulsion. A November 1985 amendment to the Indian citizenship law allows non citizens who entered Assam between 1961 and 1971 to have all the rights of citizenship except the right to vote for a period of ten years.New Delhi also gave special administration autonomy to the Bodos in the state. However, the Bodos demanded for a separate Bodoland which led to a clash between the Bengalis, the Bodos and the Indian military resulting in hundreds of deaths.There are several organizations which advocate the independence of Assam. The most prominent of which is the United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA). Formed in 1979, the ULFA has two main goals, the independence of Assam and the establishment of a socialist government.The ULFA has carried out several terrorist attacks in the region targeting the Indian Military and non-combatants. The group assassinates political opponents, attacks police and other security forces, blasts railroad tracks, and attacks other infrastructure facilities. The ULFA is believed to have strong links with Nationalist Socialist Council of Nagaland (NSCN), Maoists and the Naxalites.It is also believed that they carry out most of their operations from the Kingdom of Bhutan. Because of ULFA's increased visibility, the Indian government outlawed the group in 1986 and declared Assam a troubled area. Under pressure from New Delhi, Bhutan carried a massive operation to drive out the ULFA militants from its territory.Backed by the Indian Army, Thimphu was successful in killing more than a thousand terrorists and extraditing many more to India while sustaining only 120 casualties. The Indian military undertook several successful operations aimed at countering future ULFA terrorist attacks, but the ULFA continues to be active in the region. In 2004, the ULFA targeted a public school in Assam killing 19 children and 5 adults.Assam remains the only state in the northeast where terrorism is still a major issue. The Indian Military was successful in dismantling terrorist outfits in other areas, but have been criticized by human rights groups for allegedly using harsh methods when dealing with terrorists.On 18 September 2005, a soldier was killed in Jiribam, Manipur, near the Manipur-Assam border by members of the ULFA.[edit] TripuraTripura witnessed a surge in terrorist activities in the 1990s. New Delhi blamed Bangladesh for providing a safe haven to the insurgents operating from its territory. The area under control of the Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council was increased after a tripartite agreement between New Delhi, the state government of Tripura, and the Council. The government has since been brought the movement under control though certain rebellious factions still linger.[edit] ManipurIn Manipur, militants formed an organization known as the People's Liberation Army. Their main goal was to unite the Meitei tribes of Burma and establish an independent state of Manipur. However, the movement was thought to have been suppressed after a fierce clash with Indian security forces in the mid 1990s.On 18 September 2005, six separatist rebels were killed in fighting between Zomi Revolutionary Army and Zomi Revolutionary Front in the Churachandpur District.On 20 September 2005, 14 Indian soldiers were ambushed and killed by 20 rebels from the Kanglei Yawol Kanna Lup (KYKL) terrorist organization, armed with AK-56 rifles, in the village of Nariang, 22 miles southwest of Manipur's capital Imphal. "Unidentified rebels using automatic weapons ambushed a road patrol of the army's Gorkha Rifles killing eight on the spot," said a spokesman for the Indian government.[edit] MizoramThe Mizo National Front fought for over 2 decades with the Indian Military in an effort to gain independence. As in neighbouring states the insurgency was quelled by force.[edit] South India[edit] KarnatakaKarnataka is considerably less affected by terrorism in spite of having many places of historical importance and the IT hub of India, Bengaluru. However, recently Naxal activity has been increasing in the Western Ghats. Also, a few attacks have occurred, major ones including an attack on IISc on 28 December 2005 and serial blasts in Bengaluru on 26 July 2008.[edit] Andhra PradeshAndhra Pradesh is one of the few southern states affected by terrorism, although of a far different kind and on a much smaller scale.[citation needed] The terrorism in Andhra Pradesh stems from the People's War Group (PWG), popularly known as Naxalites.The PWG has been operating in India for over two decades, with most of its operations in the Telangana[citation needed] region in Andhra Pradesh. The group is also active in Orissa and Bihar. Unlike the Kashmiri insurgents and ULFA, PWG is a Maoist terrorist organisation and communism is one of its primary goals.[citation needed]Having failed to capture popular support in the elections, they resorted to violence as a means to voice their opinions. The group targets Indian Police, multinational companies and other influential institutions in the name of the communism. PWG has also targeted senior government officials, including the attempted assassination of former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu.It reportedly has a strength of 800 to 1,000 well armed militiants and is believed to have close links with the Maoists in Nepal and the LTTE of Sri Lanka. According to the Indian government, on an average, more than 60 civilians, 60 naxal rebels and a dozen policemen are killed every year because of PWG led insurgency. Also one of the major terrorist attack is 25 August 2007 Hyderabad Bombing.[edit] Tamil NaduTamil Nadu had LTTE Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam militants operating in state Tamil Nadu up until the assassination of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi. LTTE had given many speeches in state Tamil Nadu led by Velupillai Prabhakaran, Tamilselvan and other Eelam members. Tamil Tigers, now a banned organisation, have been receiving many donations and support from India in the past. The Tamil Nadu Liberation Army, a militant Tamil movement in India that have ties to LTTE.[citation needed]Tamil Nadu also faced terrorist attacks orchestrated by Muslim funadamentalists. For more information refer, 1998 Coimbatore bombings.[edit] In popular cultureTerrorism has also been depicted in various Indian films, prominent among them being Mani Ratnam's Roja (1992) and Dil Se (1998), Govind Nihlani's Drohkaal (1994), Santosh Sivan's The Terrorist (1999), Anurag Kashyap's Black Friday (2004) on 1993 Bombay bombings, Fanaa (2006) and recently Sikandar (2009) on Terrorism in Kashmir. Rajkumar Gupta's Aamir (2008) and Amal Neerad's Anwar (2010) are other examples.[edit] See alsoBombay BlastsCommunalism (South Asia)Hindutva TerrorismIslamic terrorismLashkar-e-TayyabaList of films about terrorism in IndiaList of terrorist organisations in IndiaNaxalitesOperation Blue StarPakistani state terrorismTerrorism in KashmirSikh Extremism[edit] References^ India Assessment  2007^ "800 Terror Cells Active In Country". The Times Of India. 12 August 2008. http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/news/india/800-terror-cells-active-in-country/articleshow/3356589.cms.^ 'Big three' hold key Delhi talks BBC News^ Foreign Ministers of India, China, Russia meet to take forward strategic ties New Kerala^ "Indian Police Arrest Islamic Cleric for Blasts". Reuters. 05/04/2006. http://aawsat.com/english/news.asp?section=1&id=4412. Retrieved 2009-10-05.^ Varanasi bomb blast kills toddler - CBC News, December 7, 2010^ Child killed, 20 injured in Varanasi blast: IM claims responsibility[edit] Notes^ "Sleeping over security". (26 August - 8 Sep) Business and Economy, p 38[edit] External linksVandana Asthana, "Cross-Border Terrorism in India: Counterterrorism Strategies and Challenges," ACDIS Occasional Paper (June 2010), Program in Arms Control, Disarmament, and International Security (ACDIS), University of IllinoisIslam, Women, and the Violence in Kashmir between India and PakistanScholars respond to the attacks in MumbaiInside a jihadi training camp in Azad Kashmir, Radio France Internatioinale in English3 quc gia bo ng m mu khng b  n Dossier on the Mumbai attacks by Radio France Internationale's English-language serviceSouth Asia Terrorism PortalvdeTerrorism in AsiaSovereignstatesAfghanistan Armenia Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Bhutan Brunei Burma (Myanmar) Cambodia People's Republic of China Cyprus East Timor (Timor-Leste) Egypt Georgia India Indonesia Iran Iraq Israel Japan Jordan Kazakhstan North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Lebanon Malaysia Maldives Mongolia Nepal Oman Pakistan Philippines Qatar Russia Saudi Arabia Singapore Sri Lanka Syria Tajikistan Thailand Turkey Turkmenistan United Arab Emirates Uzbekistan Vietnam YemenStates with limitedrecognitionAbkhazia Nagorno-Karabakh Northern Cyprus Palestine Republic of China (Taiwan) South OssetiaDependencies,autonomies,other territoriesAceh Adjara Akrotiri and Dhekelia Altai British Indian Ocean Territory Buryatia Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Guangxi Hong Kong Inner Mongolia Iraqi Kurdistan Khakassia Macau Nakhchivan Ningxia Papua Sakha Republic Tibet Tuva West Papua XinjiangRetrieved from "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terrorism_in_India"Categories: Terrorism in India | Political repression | Terrorism in Jammu and KashmirHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from June 2009 | Accuracy disputes from March 2010 | Wikipedia articles needing copy edit from April 2009 | All articles needing copy edit | All articles with unsourced statements | Articles with unsourced statements from January 2010 | Articles with unsourced statements from April 2010 | Articles with unsourced statements from February 2010 | Articles with unsourced statements from February 2007 Personal toolsLog in / create accountNamespacesArticleDiscussionVariantsViewsReadEditView historyActionsSearchNavigationMain pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaInteractionHelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact WikipediaToolboxWhat links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkCite this page Print/exportCreate a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version Languages This page was last modified on 8 January 2011 at 18:14.Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;additional terms may apply.See Terms of Use for details.Wikipedia is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.Contact usPrivacy policyAbout WikipediaDisclaimers