Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 7 - Shoot to Kill - Anglo Irish Agree - Republican DuplicityHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesTerrorismFighting TerrorismTerrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 7 - Shoot to Kill - Anglo Irish Agree - Republican DuplicityTerrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 7 - Shoot to Kill - Anglo Irish Agree - Republican Duplicity73rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy theirishobserver.The Irish TimesTHE IRISH OBSERVERThe Irish Times  Irish News, Business News, Sports News & Ireland Weather OnlineFind the latest news online at The Irish Times including Irish News, International News, Business News, Sports News and Irish and International Weather.A Fairly Secret Army Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams and Jean Mc Conville an innocent mother of 10 children whos murder was ordered by Gerry Adams according to Brendan Hughes a former comrade of Adams.Voices from the Grave.Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 7 - Shoot-to-kill - Anglo Irish Agreement - Republican DuplicityTerrorism  A Fairly Secret Army  Chapter 7  Shoot to Kill  Anglo Irish Agreement  Republican DuplicityThe 1980s seen a decline in the activities of the IRA whether this was a direct result of the republican movements new direction under Adams or a new aggressive policy by the security forces, or a combination of both is difficult to tell, I have given this some analysis below in relation to Loughgall. However, this period will be remembered for the high numbers of IRA members who were specifically targeted and summarily executed by the security forces and in particular the SAS. The RUC had also developed a special unit to tackle the IRA and other republican groupings. The RUCs E4A unit which operated out of one of the RUCs main interrogation centres Geough Barracks in ArmaghCity was working closely with the SAS. While the IRA and other terrorist groupings had been clearly operating a shoot and bomb to kill policy for decades, the republican leadership cried foul when the security forces responded in kind.Sir Patrick Mayhew, then British Attorney General summed up an investigation into the allegations as follows to the House of Commons on the 25th of January 1988:After studying the evidence dug up by Sampson and Stalker, Sir Barry Shaw had concluded that there had been no shoot-to-kill policy and no incitement to murder.However, even the most objective observer would have to agree that there was a shoot-to-kill policy in operation in Northern Ireland during this period and as a former member of the PIRA I would have to say so what. While I understood the propaganda value of such claims by the republican movement, it is clear that no IRA volunteer is going to complain about being shot while on active service, thats the nature of the beast as it were. Sir Patricks words offered little to quell public disquiet about the shoot-to-kill policy many nationalist and republicans remained unconvinced particularly as the body count mounted.The republican leadership were always careful not to include the Irish Intelligence services in their accusations of shoot-to-kill. However, in the killings of Roddy Carroll and Seamus Grew the two INLA men killed at this time, there is no doubt that the southern Irish intelligence services through its agents and informers helped their northern Intelligence counterparts to track Carroll and Grew on the night of their final journey as they crossed the border from County Monaghan in to County Armagh where the British security services had an ambush in place. The most notable of the shoot-to-kill instances at this time was the summary execution of eight IRA volunteers and an innocent civilian at Loughgall, I will cover that incident here in detail before returning to further developments in Sinn Fein/IRA.In the aftermath of the restructuring of the East Tyrone Brigade of the Provisional IRA by leading PIRA volunteer Kevin Mc Kenna. The East Tyrone Brigade of the provisional IRA became one of the most active and feared instruments of the republican movement. The East Tyrone Brigade drew its membership from several counties and had a fearless leader in Kevin Mc Kenna. Mc Kenna who lived and lives in CountyMonaghan had originated from Augnacloy in CountyTyrone. Mc Kenna was well known to the security services both in Northern Ireland and the Republic.Militant Republicanism in East Tyrone has a long history dating back to Tom Clarke and beyond. In modern day militant republican folklore East Tyrone is at the core of most conversations. IRA Hunger striker Martin Hurson was from East Tyrone and the many tens of thousands of people who attended his funeral paid testament to the high regard in which militant republicanism was held in the County of Tyrone. Yet it would be East Tyrone and the border counties in general that would become the murderous focus of the British security services once they noted the weakness of the Adams/Mc Guinness leadership in the mid-1980s.The East Tyrone Brigade of the Provisional IRA would pay a heavy price for the wheeling and dealing that Adams and Mc Guinness were engaged in with M16. We now know with certainty that even while Gerry Adams was speaking his weasel words at the grave side of IRA volunteer Jim Lynagh, Mc Guinness was already engaged in clandestine meetings with M16 agent Michael Oakley. Yet Adams told the mourners at Jim Lynaghs grave side that, Anyone who does business with the British, the SDLP or the Freestate establishment are fools as they have all sold out on the Irish people. Yet that is exactly what Adams and Mc Guinness were already doing, they were engaging with the British in a secret and under hand manner.On the 8th of May 1987 the East Tyrone Brigade of the Provisional IRA sent their 'A Team' to blow up an unmanned RUC station in Loughgall. However, on this occasion the 'A Team' would not return. On the 8th of May 1987 the East Tyrone Brigade lost eight IRA volunteers when they were ambushed by the British Armys SAS. Any objective observer may ask, why attack an unmanned RUC station? This I will now explain.The 1980s seen a sea change within Sinn Fein and the IRA.The IRA had become a well oiled paramilitary organisation. New weapons, explosives and methodology had been acquired and developed by the Provisional IRA. Colonel Gadafi of Libya had sent significant amounts of weapons, ammunition and semtex (explosives) to the IRA.The IRA and in particular the East Tyrone Brigade were relentless in their militant campaign against the British establishment. IRA Commander, Jim Lynagh and other senior members of the Provisional IRA while housed in Portloaise Prison had read and adopted a Maoist Military Strategy/tactic for their campaign. Lynagh explained to those capable of understanding that the intention was to create Green or Liberated zones in the North of Ireland that remained under British rule. This tactic meant not only killing members of the British security services but also killing anyone who assisted or helped maintain the British presence in Ireland.It is fair to say that Protestants would bare the brunt of this new and intentional tactic. Lynagh made no apology for this aspect of the campaign. This campaign was in effect a campaign of ethnic cleansing against the Protestant community. It happened that Lynaghs new strategy would be partnered with a new British Government policy of Ulsterisation or normalisation. This new British policy meant that the British Army would be less visible on the streets and the local RUC and UDR would be in the front line against the IRA campaign. This new British policy simply placed more soft Protestant targets in the IRA shooting gallery. The British Government wanted the Northern Ireland conflict to be viewed as something criminal that could be dealt with by ordinary policing methods. However, behind the scenes M15 would direct the war against the IRA, while MI6 would nurture and developeits relationship with IRA leaders such as Martin Mc Guinness.The Maoist strategy would be viewed as having been at its most successful for the IRA in areas such as South Armagh. However, large urban areas in Belfast and Derry were also viewed as being success stories. For example, in the 1960s, the Ormeau Road, in Belfast was over 80% Protestant, following constant attacks against the Protestant community by the IRAthat number is today halfed. Even in the aftermath of the IRA cease-fire in 1994, republicans continued to burn out Protestant businesses on the Ormeau Road and even burned down the cricket club.Lynagh intended liberating large geographical areas of Tyrone, Fermanagh and CountyDerry. He intended blowing up British military infrastructure and then attacking anyone who attempted to rebuild that infrastructure. Hence Loughgall was one such target, the idea was to simply blow up the unmanned RUC station and send a clear message to the loyalist people in that area. It would leave the Protestants feeling vulnerable and isolated, as it would appear thateven the police could not protect themselves.This type of attack would be viewed by Lynagh and his fellow commander Patrick Kelly as a spectacular, they had carried out similar attacks and so Loughgall was expected to be a soft yet important target.However, unknown to Lynagh and his comrades their plan was already known to the British security services. I can exclusively reveal that three weeks before the IRA attacked Loughgall, SAS members had used the firing range at the RUC forensic lab in Belfast to test fire weapons similar to those that would be used by the IRA unit at Loughgall. The reason the SAS test fired such weapons was so that they could identify and distinguish friendly fire from hostile fire on the night. These weapons that were test fired at the firing range in Belfast were signed in and out in a normal fashion, so records do exist. There has been much speculation about who set the IRA unit up for execution however; much of that speculation has come from those who wish to conceal the truth, I will deal with this aspect in a moment. Jim Lynagh had travelled from Monaghan the evening before the Loughgall attack and he had went to a safe house in Coalisland in CountyTyrone.Extra members of the SAS had been specially drafted into the North in preparation for the Loughgall executions. This SAS team and its back up units from the RUC and other British Army Regiments had very clear orders; nobody was to get out of the kill zone that had been set. The SAS armed with good information and state of the art machine guns just had to sit and wait for their quarry. At approximately 7pm on the 8th of May 1987 the IRA unit drove their digger loaded with explosives through the front gates of what was supposed to be an unmanned RUC station. However, in order for the SAS to stay within their Yellow Card rules, they had placed some of their men at the back of the RUC station so that they could later claim that lives were in danger and that is why they had to open fire.The van containing Jim Lynagh and the other members of the Unit was rained upon with SAS gun fire. All eight IRA volunteers were executed. However, the SAS could not stop the bomb from exploding and much of the RUC station was demolished by the blast. What I can reveal exclusively is that when the bomb exploded a large piece of the steel digger bucket ripped open the side of the van in which the IRA volunteers lay dead. Indeed had the operation went ahead as planned it is certain that at least some of the IRA volunteers may well have been injured or killed by the shrapnel from the digger bucket. However, no accident was needed, the eight IRA volunteers were executed. In keeping with their orders to execute everyone in the kill zone the SAS further executed an innocent passer-by Anthony Hughes and left his innocent brother for dead.The morning following the executions at Loughgall I was amazed that some republicans were already offering explanations as to how the eight IRA men had ended up dead. One active member of the East Tyrone IRA said, The SAS were lying in wait around several RUC stations in Tyrone, it was just bad luck. This was said only hours after the executions at Loughgall, surely anyone with an ounce of common sense would know that this was nonsense. The SAS did not have the man power in the north at that time or at any other time to lie about for weeks on end around remote RUC stations. I think that these words spoken by an active member of the East Tyrone Brigade of the PIRA only hours after the Loughgall executions are telling. While I have absolutely no suspicions in relation to the IRA volunteer who spoke these words, I do have suspicions about the more intellectually able person who put those words and ideas into his head.The person who was pushing this information about 'Bad luck' only hours after the SAS executions at Loughgall, had been arrested by the RUC in 1981 and had turned informer. When this individual entered Crumlin Road Jail's, A Wing, he told the IRA's Intelligence Officer that he had simply stayed silent during his detention in Geough Barracks. However as this individual's trial approached, he was finally forced to admit that he had in fact signed dozens of statements against republicans including Jim Lynagh. However, as he was not prepared to give States evidence against IRA personnel Lynagh ensured that he was allowed to live, this for Lynagh may well have been a mistake. That individual while now removed from the republican movement continues to live, some within the republican movement wanted to shoot him, while others believed that such a shooting would have an impact on Sinn Fein votes in one of their few strong holds in the Republic.Following the Loughgall executions the SAS gathered up all of the IRA weapons used in the attack. The weapons included three Heckler and Kock rifles, one FN rifle, two FNC rifles, a Ruger revolver and a Spas-12 Shot gun. Forensic examination of the weapons later revealed that they had been used to kill 7 people and used in the attempted killing of 12 others. One of the guns recovered had actually been taken two years earlier from an RUC man. These weapons were familiar to the SAS soldiers who recovered them as they had test fired similar weapons only three weeks before the executions.It is fair to say that any one thinking out side of the box on the Loughgall executions knew well that this was a well planned British attack that was only possible with good forward intelligence. Some time after the Loughgall executions a young Loughgall woman was kidnapped by the IRA and it was being whispered that she was the Loughgall informer; however, for this writer such a suggestion is at best perverse. Setting aside specific intelligence that brought about the executions at Loughgall, the Key to the slaughter at Loughgall and the border counties in general during this period is two fold. The British viewed the Adams/Mc Guinness leadership as being in a state of weakness due to the fact that the Adams/Mc Guinness leadership had approached the Brits with a view to making a deal. The clandestine meetings between Mc Guinness and M16 agent Michael Oakley had simply strengthened the British view that the IRA could be brought to heel. The British then adopted a twin track approach to the IRA. The British would engage in clandestine dialogue with the Adams/Mc Guinness leadership, while at the same time directing large security resource at those aspects of the IRA that would not be so easily tamed. This twin track approach by the British meant that M15 and the SAS would focus on the men under the control of Kevin Mc Kenna (East Tyrone) (IRA Chief of Staff) and Thomas Slab Murphy in south Armagh. This campaign against the 'Hawks' in the IRA continued into the 1990s, while Mc Guinness and Adams were engaged in talks with, the British, Freestate establishment and the SDLP. In 2001 the European Court of Human Rights ruled that the eight IRA members who were executed at Loughgall had their Human Rights violated by the failure of the British Government to conduct a proper investigation into the circumstances of their deaths. However, these trivial declarations do little or nothing by way of establishing the truth into what happened in Loughgall on the night of the 8th May 1987. New information disclosed here show why the truth about Loughgall will never be told.The Loughgall informer did not die in Loughgall on the night of the 8th of May 1987 as suggested by some who have vested interests. The Loughgall informer like so many before him continues to live a life full of lies and deceit, just as did Dennis Donaldson and so many others. The Loughgall informer may well not have realised what the end result of his clandestine meeting would be, however, he should come for ward now and tell the truth in the knowledge that we now live in a new political dispensation. The families of the eight men executed in Loughgall deserve to know the truth, so look deep within and find the strength to come forward. This writer is certain that the first indicator the British got in relation to Loughgall was three weeks before the Loughgall executions when Patrick Paddy Kelly went to MonaghanTown to meet Jim Lynagh. However, Lynagh was not about when Kelly went to look for him and Kelly made the fatal mistake of making inquiries about Lynaghs where abouts with another Monaghan republican.What is for certain is that Patrick Kelly, Jim Lynagh, Padraig Mc Kearney, Declan Arthurs, Seamus Donnelly, Eugene Kelly, Gerry O Callaghan and Tony Gormley were clinically executed. However, these men would have sought no apology from the Brits in relation to the way they were killed; they died as they would have expected to die, fighting the Brits. What they would want however, is for the truth to be established in relation to the Loughgall informer. Why that has not happened, holds little mystery. There is only so many Dennis Donaldsons that the republican leadership can handle, and particularly if dealing with the Loughgall informer would mean up setting some solid republican voting trends in any particular area. In the period 1987-1992 the East Tyrone Brigade had 28 members executed by the British security forces, compare this to the number of IRA volunteers killed in areas such as Belfast and Derry where the leadership were in clandestine talks with the British.The age old British trick of using smoke and mirrors to protect their informers has been truly put to work in relation to Loughgall. One former 'SAS' member wrote that on the night of the Loughgall executions one of the IRA volunteers was supposed to be wearing a red hat or scarf so that he would not be killed. Only someone of the lowest mental capacity would believe such nonsense, particularly when all the IRA volunteers on the night of the 8th May 1987 were not visable to the soldiers when they opened fire. Furthermore, seasoned writers such as Henry Mc Donald who writes for the British Observer newspaper makes child like mistakes when writing about Loughgall. In an article written by Henry Mc Donald for the British Observer 29/Sept/2002, Mc Donald says that Jim Lynagh was a Sinn Fein councillor at the time of his death at Loughgall, this is nonsense. Mc Donald also says that Lynagh was opposed to Sinn Fein dropping abstentianism as a tactic, this is also untrue, Lynagh took to the stage at a Sinn Fein function in Clontibret in Monaghan in 1986 and gave the IRA's backing to the Sinn Fein move. However, Lynagh had made it very clear that there could never be a six county settlement and he was certain that the Brits could be forced from the north in what he seen as the final phase of the war for independence.This writer is also bemused at the comments made by some republican commentators who appear on internet video clips relating to Jim Lynagh and the Loughgall executions. These commentators barely able to write their own names dare to speculate that Jim Lynagh would have supported Sinn Feins participation in the British partitionist Stormont Assembly. One only has to look at how little sacrifice these commentators made to realise that their words are nothing more than the utterances of Sinn Fein glove puppets.There was a constant struggle going on within the republican leadership, Adams and Mc Guinness were now in constant contact with the British while key IRA leaders such as Kevin Mc Kenna who was committed to a militant campaign had to get second hand information from a politico who travelled north regularly to leadership meetings. Mc Kenna lived and lives at the time of writing in CountyMonaghan and he was on the run from the north as he was wanted by the British in relation to a number of IRA attacks in CountyTyrone. Mc Kenna was for many years convinced that the political aspect of the campaign would remain nothing more than a tactic and so he could continue with his militant campaign. This constant battle between hawks and doves or hybrids of both meant that in the 1980s the PIRA leadership decided to return its campaign to England, this was done for a number of reasons including helping to focus the minds of the British negotiators and an uninterested Prime Minister, Mrs Thatcher. It was also a morale boast among republican supporters, especially in Derry and Belfast where Adams and Mc Guinness had slowed down IRA activity and where the Brits had agreed a hands off approach. The majority of IRA activity was taking place in rural parts of the north and in particular Tyrone, Fermanagh and South Armagh. At 2.54am on the 12 Day of October 1984, republicans got a morale boost that was not expected by many when a bomb exploded at the Conservative Party Conference in Brighton, almost killing British Prime Minister, Mrs Thatcher. It was a joyous day for those republicans including myself who hated Thatcher for the fact that she had sat ideally by and allowed ten young Irish men starve to death in Long Kesh. However, as so often before, it was innocent civilians who died and were seriously injured, it was however an exceptional attack in terms of planning and the use of new yet simple technologies.The Brighton bombers were later arrested on the basis of information supplied by an informer. One of those arrested was a senior member of Sinn Fein, again showing the duality of personnel in Sinn Fein/IRA. Margaret Thatcher, in response to the IRA attack stepped up her efforts to have IRA men extradited from the IrishRepublic and also to talk with the constitutional parties in the north, in order to defame and marginalise further the men of violence.On the 15th of November 1985 at HillsboroughCastle, Mrs Thatcher and the Irish Prime Minister Garrett Fitzgerald signed the Anglo Irish Agreement. Unionists said No to the agreement as it contained a role for the Dublin Government in Northern Ireland affairs, however eventually the Unionists decided that:In the end if we stick together and play ball with the British we will remain as British citizens in control of our own destiny.Constitutionalists said, yes, as they believed it would undermine the republican movements mandate. Captain James Kelly who had been implicated in the arms trials in the early 1970s and as set out earlier in this book described the Hillsborough Agreement as a grievous error when he stated:That prior to 1970, nationalist in Northern Ireland were treated as second class citizens.Kelly suggested that as this was the immediate cause of the conflict in the north, many had wrongly jumped to the conclusion that if full Human and Civil Rights were granted to nationalists they would accept being designated British. Sunningdale was based on such a premise. So also in the Anglo Irish Agreement, it is a grievous error in that, like Marxism it underestimated the importance of national identity. Professor Paul Bew at Queens University Belfast disputed this notion of the importance of reunification to northern nationalists when he stated that:Nationalists want an end to perceived oppressive policies under a unionist regime, and the national question in comparison is of little more than sentimental significance.This view by Bew is quite in keeping with the broad body of nationalist thinking in the north of Ireland and indeed the Irish nation as a whole. The majority of Irish Catholics on the Island of Ireland simply want to live in peace and that is why Sinn Fein and other parties that are viewed as being extreme have a small percentage share of the vote on the Island of Ireland. The unionist reaction to the Anglo Irish Agreement was hardened by the fact that constitutional nationalist were over selling the Irish Government role in the future of the north. Loyalists/Unionists/Protestants where now in open violent confrontation with the RUC as the RUC was left in the front line against unionist protests and anger. Chief Constable of the RUC Sir jack Herman was credited during this period with keeping the RUC from committing mutiny.It is no surprise that the general population and political establishment in the IrishRepublic accepted the Anglo Irish Agreement. This open acceptance of the Anglo Irish Agreement angered Gerry Adams and caused him once again to state:We cannot hope to build a thirty-two county alternative if we do not build a thirty-two county struggle.The northern command under Adams and Mc Guinness had become so insular that they were in danger of being unable to hold any ground in the IrishRepublic. There was little or no political organisation in the south. Monaghan, Meath, Louth, Donegal and Dublin were the few places in the Republic where Sinn Fein could realistically point to organisation and political success. The republican leadership continued to fail in adopting real political strategy across the whole Island of Ireland. The northern leadership had become insular and paranoid as they tried to keep iron fist control of the organisation. While the republican movement in the north had sectarian violence to herd ghettoised nationalists behind them they had no such coercive device in the Republic.Tom King, Secretary of State for Northern Ireland in 1985 said of the Anglo Irish Agreement:We have signed an Agreement in which the Prime Minister of Ireland has in fact accepted that for all practical purposes..there will never be a united Ireland.Adams and his followers knew that while abstentianism in Northern Ireland was acceptable it was not acceptable in the Republic of Ireland. The majority of people in the IrishRepublic expected their elected representatives to attend the Dail (Irish Parliament) even if they never actually achieve very much. The debate on abstentianism was raging through the republican movement; it was clear long before the 1986 Ard Fheis that the republican movement was about to rip itself apart once more. People such as myself who were in both Sinn Fein and the IRA were under specific orders not to discuss the topic of abstentianism outside the various meetings that were taking place up to the Ard Fheis.The 1986 Ard Fheis was to set the scene for the confrontation on abstentianism that was inevitable, the motion put forward by the Ard Chomhairle (Sinn Fein leadership) read:That this Ard Fheis drops abstentionist attitude to Leinster House. That successful Sinn Fein candidates in the twenty-six counties elections shall attend Leinster House as directed by the Ard Chomhairle and shall not draw their salaries for personal use.In the months running up to the 1986 Ard Fheis, Adams supporters North and South, including this writer, worked tirelessly in counties Monaghan, Cavan, Louth and Donegal to get new Cummans (local Sinn Fein committees) into operation and to have as many Adams votes as possible on the floor of the Ard Fheis. It was a repeat of the pre-1970 Ard Fheis which had seen the split of the Official IRA, to the break away Provisionals, although this time the guns remained with the PIRA. For weeks after the 1986 Ard Fheis delegates told of how they had voted on behalf of Cummans, that existed on paper only, in order to over throw the old southern leadership.Adams in his address to the Ard Fheis made it clear that the PIRA was in support of the change in abstentianism from a policy to a tactic, Adams dual role on the IRA Army Council and Sinn Fein Ard Chomhairle had given him the opportunity to sway the army general convention to his way of thinking three weeks earlier. He told anyone thinking of causing a split that they would also be abandoning the IRA. The provisionals had realised that they needed to change if they were going to extract concessions from the British Government and further try to undermine the will of the Protestant people.The Adams motion was passed by the two-thirds majority necessary and as expected OBradaigh and OConnell walked out with others and shortly afterwards formed Republican Sinn Fein with Continuity IRA being their military wing. The PIRA under Adams and Mc Guinness carried out a number of operations shortly after the split to show that they had not been affected by the policy change, this show of military strength helped to keep the pure militants on board. There were many confrontations among republicans however it never escalated into any thing like the split in 1970.An internal document circulated among those of us in Sinn Fein/IRA in 1986 following the Ard Fheis showed that Adams and Mc Guinness were firmly in control of the republican movement which was now almost exclusively made up of Adams yes men. This did not mean that pure militarists were excluded people like Kevin Mc Kenna and his under study Jim Lynagh could continue with business as normal as Adams and Mc Guinness knew that if they lost senior IRA figures they would be in real difficulty to carry their plan to the next level.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Commentsthevoice8 months ago fantastic article great read thankstheirishobserver.8 months ago thevoice - many thanks for your comment.....I hope to get the entire book published on Hubpages this month.....lots of work....thanks againtheirishobserver.8 months ago thanks everyone...Irishdallas934447 months ago Living it, experiencing it, learning from it...theirishobserver.7 months ago dallas93444 many thanks for your comments all comments are welcomed and I hope your writing is going well.....IrishSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesTerrorismGuerilla Days in Ireland: A Personal Account of the Anglo-Irish WarAmazon Price: $94.76List Price: $12.95Combating Terrorism in Northern IrelandAmazon Price: $150.00Cry of the InnocentAmazon Price: $2.68List Price: $4.98The Bloody Face of TerrorismAmazon Price: $2.99Combating Terrorism in Northern Ireland (Political Violence)Amazon Price: $124.25List Price: $150.00Ireland in Conflict 1922-1998Amazon Price: $22.95My Brother's WarAmazon Price: $6.36List Price: $14.99Transforming the Peace Process in Northern Ireland: From Terrorism to Democratic PoliticsAmazon Price: $30.48List Price: $32.95Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 7 - Shoot to Kill - Anglo Irish Agree - Republican Duplicity in the NewsSC reaffirms anti-terror law as constitutionalPhilippine Daily Inquirer2 hours agoThe Supreme Court has affirmed with finality the constitutionality of Republic Act No. 9372, also known as the Human Security Act of 2007, which was crafted by Congress to give teeth to the government's anti-terrorism drive.Yemen demands help in terrorism fight during German visit - SummaryEARTHtimes.org4 hours agoSana'a, Yemen - Yemeni Prime Minister Ali Muhammed Mujawar on Sunday demanded more international support for the fight against terrorism in his country. The comments came during a visit from a member of the German cabinet.Pakistan seeks German defence equipmentNew Kerala4 hours agoIslamabad, Jan 9 : Pakistan has asked Germany to allow export of defence equipment to enhance its capacity to fight terrorism, a media report said Sunday.83theirishobserver.From Ireland437 Followers81 HubsJoined 12 months agoRead more hubs by theirishobserver.Contact theirishobserver.Follow theirishobserver.Subscribe to theirishobserver.'s RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk theirishobserver. a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsI America a "Christian Nation"? What does that term even mean?asked by japtaker 3 days ago13 answersAnswer this questionShould Mark Twain's work be edited?asked by badegg 33 hours ago5 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsTerrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 12 -...by theirishobserver.Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 6 - Sectarianism...by theirishobserver.Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 11 - All the...by theirishobserver.Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 1 - Historical...by theirishobserver.Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 9 - Framing the...by theirishobserver.Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 5 - Prisons and...by theirishobserver. Fighting Terrorism ForumTopicRepliesWas The Iraq War Worth It?posted by ryankett191I guess I'll go first...posted by Mark Us17World Cup Seizedposted by theirishobserver.4Post a new topic7 more topics Tagsnew republican murder terrorism ireland ira  Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.135 sec)  working