User talk:FayssalF/Archive H - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaUser talk:FayssalF/Archive HFrom Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia< User talk:FayssalFJump to: navigation,searchContents1 brian jonespresents2 MMO JOUJOUKA3 Master Musicians of Joujouka4 AOL/IP blocks5 First edit anniversary6 Blatantly begging for a favour7 Front National (France)8 RFA thanks9 Assistance with vandal10 RfA Thank you11 RfM12 Alex13 User:212.219.191.13514 List of converts to Islam15 Admin coaching again...16 Admin coaching offer - gratefully accepted17 Hey there18 Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Israeli19 Thank you FayssalF20 Esperanza Elections21 RfC22 Lots of thanks23 Adminship24 Template:Current25 Honoured26 User:Mike18xx27 RfC28 Re: Speedy removal29 Mahalo re citations30 Warnings31 Varied interests32 Nitrogliceryn33 Icelandology34 2004 Madrid train bombings35 Help36 Dhimmi article37 Spanish architecture, nominated for Wikipedia: Collaboration of the week38 It was confirmed by the FIFA that the correct spelling of Zinedine is without the accent39 Amazigh Man...40 Esperanza games template41 Signature42 C# vs. Visual C#43 Conspiracy theories in the Madrid March, 2004 Bombings page44 Thanks45 Categories46 Che Nuevara RfA47 may u help me with my talk??48 my RfA49 How do you archive a talk page50 Image tagging for Image:X-chair.gif[edit] brian jonespresentsgood idea for a page. did you read the Hamri letter? any ideas re the MMO Joujouka name change. The group, including Attars and half Attars as well as other prominent Joujouka families like Eertoubi, who decend from Sidi Ahmed Schich will be touring in the fall under the name The Master Musicians of Joujouka. This name was registered in 1965 by the Serifiya Folklore Ass. of the Master Musicians of Joujouka. Hamri mother was also Attar. Most of the village are the Attar family.opiumjones 23 17:21, 3 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] MMO JOUJOUKAsee hamris opinions on Joujouak Brian >Jones etc. http://joeambrose.net/japdf/HamrisOpenLetter.pdf[edit] Master Musicians of JoujoukaHi I must add something to the changing of the name of the masters page. the touring group and the new Cds are coming out under the name Master Musicians of Joujouka. The only group the has used Jajouka is "The Master Musicians of Jajouka featuring Bachir Attar" The Attar family are one of two main families in Jioujouka. Bachir is essentially a solo artist now his cousins and the other village musicians are represented by the name that Mohamed Hamri gave them as an English spelling.I suggest either, use both names with Joujouka first or just the Joujouka spelling and set up a seperate entry for "The Master Musicians of Jajouka featuring Bachir Attar" http://joujouka.net/3Joujouka-published/ this links to 1973 article by William Burroughs, note the role of Hamri and the spelling "Joujouka" best frank opiumjones 23 22:57, 2 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] AOL/IP blocksPlease be aware that blocks of AOL/IP numbers are largely ineffective, as these numbers are cycled to innocent users. I am frequently "hit" by these blocks. I would appreciate a prompt release. Information below. Thank you. WBardwin 20:42, 26 June 2006 (UTC)Your user name or IP address has been blocked from editing. You were blocked by FayssalF for the following reason (see our blocking policy): return vandal. Your IP address is 207.200.116.139.Yep, but at times, range blocks are necessary. Just need to keep them short, i.e. 15 minutes or 30. --Woohookitty(meow) 21:55, 26 June 2006 (UTC)[edit] First edit anniversaryHappy b'day mate. Szvest 12:24, 26 June 2006 (UTC) Wiki me upThanks. I look forward to another year and many more. joturner 04:09, 27 June 2006 (UTC)[edit] Blatantly begging for a favourHi there, I sought you out from Category:User Wikipedia/Pages needing translation into English as I'm currently working on an article on the Chilean footballer George Robledo and need a bit of translation help. The Colo-Colo website has a section with information on him, but it's in more complicated Spanish then my ham-and-cheese sandwich ordering ability can handle and is in Flash so defeats Babelfish. Would you be able to have a look at the page [1] (to get to George's article click on the second face from the left) and either do a quick and dirty translation or see if there's any information in there that the article is missing? It'd be a great help. --Daduzi talk 03:45, 30 June 2006 (UTC)[edit] Front National (France)Hi, Thanks for the block on the above. Glad to say that the conflict is now resolved and both parties are in agreement as to the wording of the disputed text. Feel free to unblock as soon as you have time! regards Marcus22 18:44, 30 June 2006 (UTC)[edit] RFA thanks[edit] Assistance with vandalJust wanted to say thanks for your rapid response in dealing with the vandalism on University of California, Riverside - it was much appreciated! --Firetrap 20:42, 3 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] RfA Thank youThank you!Thank you, Fayssal, for your support in my RfA. I am happy to be able to say that it has acheived a consenus of wikipedians, and that I will be assuming my new responsibilities immediately. I appreciate your trust and support, especially in that you took the time to investigate my record, as opposed to making a snap decision, and I will do my best to further help this great encyclopdia and community of ours. If there is anything that you feel I can do to help, please let me know. -- Avi 23:24, 3 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] RfMA request for mediation has been filed with the Mediation Committee that lists you as a party. The Mediation Committee requires that all parties listed in a mediation must be notified of the mediation. Please review the request at [[Wikipedia:Requests for mediation/Apartheid (disambiguation)]], and indicate whether you agree or refuse to mediate. If you are unfamiliar with mediation, please refer to Wikipedia:Mediation. There are only seven days for everyone to agree, so please check as soon as possible.-- Kim van der Linde at venus 03:07, 6 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] AlexQue pasa Faysal? Te pasaste por aqu a ver a tu ex al final?Un Saludo, Alex. --Guzman ramirez 22:11, 6 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] User:212.219.191.135Hi, I lengthened User:212.219.191.135's block to 24 hours. This IP has committed so much vandalism, as recently as yesterday, and has been warned so many times, that I felt 3 hours was not sufficient. User:Angr 12:28, 7 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] List of converts to IslamSzvest, are you reading the referenced articles prior to delisting? It seems like you might be blindly delisting. Thanks. (Netscott) 17:35, 7 July 2006 (UTC)Ah I think I understand... you were going by the Wikilinked articles corresponding to the individuals... in that sense it is logical to remove them... because they do not correspond to their articles... but instead... I'd recommend doing like I've done and just dewikify. Cheers. (Netscott) 17:42, 7 July 2006 (UTC)Couldn't agree more about cleaning up the list there Szvest... just to clarify my previous point, Michael Young is the number one Google hit for the terms "Muslim convert".:-) Take it easy. (Netscott) 17:49, 7 July 2006 (UTC)Agreed, put didn't want to have the impression that I was stepping on anyone's toes, particularly a respectable editor like yourself.;-) See you around. (Netscott) 17:55, 7 July 2006 (UTC)Actually technically speaking you weren't wrong...in fact you may be right to remove those listings if you think that they are not notable enough to warrant being there... (which also crossed my mind for why you were removing them). Such reasoning may very well be valid... but that's open to debate I suppose. It's a pleasure to interact with you Szvest... you've got a very cool attitude.:-) (Netscott) 19:52, 7 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Admin coaching again...Are you ready to take on a new trainee, as your current one (Youremyjuliet) doesn't seem very active at the moment? Please reply on my talk page. Cheers, Petros471 11:06, 8 July 2006 (UTC)I normally assign coaches to people who've been waiting the longest (and are still active). However, if you particularly want to coach Richard that is fine, but you might not have a second coach for a while. That ok? Petros471 18:34, 8 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Admin coaching offer - gratefully acceptedHello and thank you for offering to coach me. I was pleasantly surprised by your offer since, as you know, I am 24th on the list and I wasn't expecting to be assigned a coach for at least another 2 or 3 months.First, some trivial questions to resolve guesses that I have made from looking at your User Page...I'm confused about your user name vs. real name. What is szvest and what is FayssalF?I would guess that Fayssal is your first name. Am I right and can I call you by that name?I would guess further that you are from an Arab country (judging from your name, the flag of the Arab League on your User Page and the fact that you speak Arabic). Which country are you from? I would guess that you are Moroccan living in Birmingham, England.But why then do you support France and Italy in the World Cup? Why not Spain or England? In any event, it was a good call since France and Italy are in the final match for the WC. (NB: Don't let this prattle fool you. Being an American, I don't track soccer much and I only know a little about the World Cup from the web site.)What was it about my profile that interested you? You mentioned to Petros that you "checked his contribs and found them interesting and somehow similar to my orientation". I checked your contribs (well just the article titles) and didn't find a lot of overlap. So I'm curious to know what you found interesting about my contribs.I wonder if you saw my involvement in the Carthage article. I ran across that on the RFC page which I like to watch. Some anon editor (Marduk of Babylon) was insisting that there be no positive treatment whatsoever of the claim that Carthage practiced child sacrifice. I joined a group of editors (most notably User:Vedexent) in trying to find an NPOV way to suggest that there was evidence to support the claim but that a final determination was impossible. I now count User:Vedexent as a WikiFriend.What I enjoy most is jumping into a controversial edit war and trying to help find an NPOV resolution. I don't mean joining one side or the other but rather trying to broker a truly NPOV resolution.I think the best example of this has been Expulsion of Germans after World War II. I think this one article is the best example of my work. The article needed help in organization but more importantly in helping to find an NPOV resolution to some conflicts. I think my participation helped push the article closer to being NPOV and I hope I've earned the respect of the other editors of this article. An understanding of how I think about Wikipedia can be obtained by reading my comments about WP:V,WP:RS and WP:NPOV on Talk:Expulsion of Germans after World War II.I'm also proud of work that I've done on Hernan Cortes,Aztec,Spanish conquest of Mexico and Siege of Tenochtitlan. These articles needed a lot of work in copyediting and reorganiztion and I joined a group of people who have helped to make a substantial improvement on these articles. I have made a number of WikiFriends through my work on these articles as well.I'm also proud of the role that I played in saving Adaptation to global warming and Crime in Mexico from deletion.I've not done so well with Criticism of the Catholic Church or Criticism of Judaism. Part of my lack of success is lack of a real passion for the topics and part of it has been lack of interest in arguing against strong POV pushing by other editors of those articles. Or maybe I just got exhausted. I think it's important to "pick your battles" and work on those articles where there is hope of making a valuable contribution.I think it could be argued that I actually violated WP:3RR at one point with the Anti-Catholicism article [2] (see my edits of May 10 around 8:22AM). Fortunately, nobody "called" me on the violation but I realized it afterward and now I try to remember how easy it is to violate the rule without realizing it.Which leads to my current "stress point/failure" regarding the Shockwave (roller coaster) article. I was drawn to this article by a request for help on Wikipedia:Village pump (assistance) (see the section titled "Is this vandalism?") I am flummoxed by this anon editor who keeps reverting to a version of the article that has a {{fact}} tag after practically every sentence. I would like to find a way to resolve this issue peaceably and in an Esperanza-like way. Unfortunately, I've been busy and all I've had time to do is to revert the anon editor's reverts. Other editors (registered and anon) have also done the same which has helped me to avoid a revert war with this anon editor. However, this is not resolving the issue except possibly by exhausting the anon editor. There must be a better way.Well, that's a pretty verbose self-introduction. I hope you now know more about how I think about Wikipedia.How does the "admin coaching" process work? Do you have a set curriculum of topics that we should cover? Or is it more of a free-form Q&A?I am really looking forward to this. Thank you once again for choosing me for coaching.--Richard 08:27, 9 July 2006 (UTC)P.S. I hate running dialogs back and forth on User talk pages. Can I suggest that we use User talk:Richardshusr/Admin coaching as the page for our coaching discussion? This should make it easier to follow the thread of discussion. It also avoids mixing the admin coaching messages with other user messages.[edit] Hey thereBack again. Hope all is well with you and yours. BYT 10:18, 9 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/IsraeliHello,An Arbitration case in which you commented has been opened: Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Israeli. Please add evidence to the evidence sub-page, Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Israeli/Evidence. You may also contribute to the case on the workshop sub-page, Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Israeli/Workshop.On behalf of the Arbitration Committee, --Tony Sidaway 13:37, 9 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Thank you FayssalFHi there. I would like to thank you very much for your vote in the Esperanza Elections, your trust in me was appreciated and I hope I will be able to live up to your expectations. Thanks again! Regards -- Banes 09:57, 10 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Esperanza ElectionsFayssalFThank you for your vote in the Esperanza Elections. Your support is much appreciated, and it means that I am now in the Council. I will continue to try my best, and if you have any questions or queries, please don't hesistate to leave me a message. Thanks again,  FireFox 15:27, 10 July '06[edit] RfCHi! I have been obliged to start an RfC on Gibnews' erasals of sources. We would appreciate your imput as an outside opinion.Thankshttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Requests_for_comment/Gibnews#Evidence_of_disputed_behavior--Burgas00 22:20, 10 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Lots of thanksI want to thank you for your support in the Esperanza elections, FaysallF! I really appreciate your confidence in me, and look forward to helping Esperanza continue to be the awesome place that it is. -- Natalya 01:21, 11 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] AdminshipHi Bill. I was thinking about presenting you to Wikipedia:Request for adminship. You've been here for a relatively long time and think that you deserve to become an admin. Please let me know about your opinion so i can prepare that for you. Cheers -- Szvest 19:39, 8 July 2006 (UTC) Wiki me upHi Szvest.Response on my user page.Thanks for the kind thought - Williamborg 03:13, 11 July 2006 (UTC)Szvest, absolutely. Couldn't think of a more versatile candidate. In addition, W. is diplomatic, well-educated and open-minded, with a "renaissance man/woman" type of mind. People forget that you actually also have to like reading, and like it A LOT, in order to be effective. Also, in order to muster an interest in and a will to read some of the stuff that will seem incredible boring at first glance, you have to have a broad base. Such people are precious, because you can throw almost any issue at them, and they will make it fly--if it grabs their attention. W. is such a person. Pia 09:09, 12 July 2006 (UTC)Ah Pia... "A "renaissance man/woman" type of mind." I immediately go into a Mittyesque dream sequence , deserting my miserable job, my wife and the family to ... But my 4th wife is yelling that its time to get off that damn computer and join the hoard of unwashed urchins at the dinner table. Ah well, it was a pleasant thought while it lasted.Thanks for the kind words! Coming from someone who herself does excellent work, it brightened my day. May your day be equally brightened Williamborg 16:09, 15 July 2006 (UTC)Bill! I read your analysis w/ concentration and don't find a big reason not to. Pia is also supporting fully my suggestion. Maybe after finishing the hoard of unwashed urchins you can get back to the board for another task over here. I mean a one minute lasting task. -- Szvest 17:24, 15 July 2006 (UTC)Since I do believe in, enjoy and am addicted to Wikipedia, please do nominate me for Adminship if you think the nomination might pass. I'll do my best to live up to the expectations of the role, consistent with my relatively strongly held inclusionist views. Thanks - Williamborg 18:00, 22 July 2006 (UTC)I very much appreciate your nomination. I've accepted it on the nomination page and included the analysis previously prepared. Win, lose or draw, your nominating me is very much an honor for which I thank you. Williamborg 18:36, 22 July 2006 (UTC)In the face of clear opposition, I elected to withdraw. Thanks for your kind thoughts. I will ponder whether I am truly interested in an admin role (and agree with the many that my writeup did not indicate I was ready for it yet). You are very considerate. Thanks - Williamborg 06:18, 23 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Template:Current{{current|article}}This article documents a current event. Information may change rapidly as the event progresses.{{current|section}}This section documents a current event. Information may change rapidly as the event progresses. Jul. 11, '06 [13:56] <freak|talk>Yeah, I changed article to {{{1|article}}} sometime during the 2006 NBA Finals. Apparently there was a "Current-section" template but it wasn't widely used, and I didn't see the point in forking a template over one word. It would also be possible to change the category based on this distinction, but I'm not sure it would be useful.  Jul. 11, '06 [14:02] <freak|talk>[edit] HonouredHi FayssalF I'm very very proud to receive this Award. I hope I can prove myself worthy of it. S710 19:15, 11 July 2006 (UTC).[edit] User:Mike18xxDoesn't seem to understand that his commentary is highly inappropriate. You might want either give a final warning or just block and post a review on WP:ANI. (Netscott) 23:43, 11 July 2006 (UTC)Update: User:Mike18xx was "tagged and bagged" by User:Tony Sidaway. (Netscott) 01:37, 12 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] RfCMe parece muy bien eso que has escrito. Aun as creo que estas sucumbiendo a la retrica de Gibnews (la de que soy/somos anti-gibraltareos). Yo no tengo nada en contra de Gibraltar, ni en contra de los Offshore Financial Centres (OFCs). Lo que pasa es que me parece surrealista que Gibnews niegue que Gibraltar es un OFC, y decida borrar todos los sources que lo proclamen del artculo. Es como tener un artculo sobre el Franquismo que dice que Espaa no era una dictadura sino una Democracia Nacional. --Burgas00 09:44, 12 July 2006 (UTC)Bueno pues lo meto ahora o que?? En plan "copi paste"?Where we really need help is here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:11_March_2004_Madrid_train_bombings --Burgas00 18:48, 13 July 2006 (UTC)Hi faysalI think a checkuser should be made on bxlbaby and Azmoc contrasting them with Gibraltarian. What do you think?Thanks --Burgas00 19:57, 17 July 2006 (UTC)I think Burgas00 is a poor loser and wants to shoot the messenger; interestingly he complains I have removed his material and yet the Rfc refers to material from Panchurret - This was removed because the websites given did not actually say what he claimed. So either they are the same entity or there has been a conspiracy to provoke a dispute.However it would be interesting to know if they are indeed the same because in the past I have caught Burgas00 using a sock of 'Farouk yalla'.y aunque que yo no ser Espaol yo puedo leer.--Gibnews 23:17, 17 July 2006 (UTC)Gibnews: Why defend these recently created user accounts? One has only made 2 edits since it was created 3 days ago, and the other, created a week ago has been engaging in constant gibraltarian-style vandalism. The best defense is an attack right?Please take care to refer to the user Gibraltarian and not the collective term otherwise you are engaging in racialism.As far as I can see there is no connection in style between the three users you assert are the same, and as I agree with their POV defending them seems a reasonable way forward. --GibnewsFaysal: Please do a usercheck for Panchurret and Burgas00, I have no problem with this. But dont forget to do Azmoc,Gibraltarian,bxlbaby and Gibnews. I initially did not believe Gibnews could be related to the others but his defensive reaction (I never accused him, and his mention of Farouk - an old story which never consisted of impersonation but rather our initial misunderstanding of how wikipedia works) has given me doubts. --Burgas00 09:58, 18 July 2006 (UTC)Well, Gibnews was registered around the time Gibraltarian was being banned. Watching his continous childish behavior it wouldn't surprise me.--Panchurret 18:36, 18 July 2006 (UTC)Sorry Svest! We have all moved our disputes to your personal page which is seemingly confusing you. I think Gibnews was talking to me and to Panchurret not to you.--Burgas00 21:48, 18 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Re: Speedy removalSaw your rejection of my speedy [3]. Now I know, won't do it again. Thanks. Luna Santin 12:22, 13 July 2006 (UTC)Deleting empty talk pages does sort of make sense though, as the blue link to a talk page indicates that the talk page has content, and is thus worth clicking on, and then getting to an empty page is sort of dissatisfactory:)Anyway, that's not why I'm here though... I saw you have a fair use image on your user page and talk page (the Camel one), which is against policy. Could you please remove it? Thanks! --JoanneB 13:34, 13 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Mahalo re citationsMahalo for your note to me re lomilomi citations. I did it! Makana Chai 18:09, 13 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] WarningsI disagree with what you wrote on the talk page; however, I will leave your warnings on my talk page as an example of your abuse of them. Pecher Talk 20:59, 13 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Varied interestsWow! You're interested in more things than I am!Itsmejudith 21:30, 13 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] NitroglicerynHi FayssaIF: I am Igor21 and I have been debating the issue of the train bombings for 6 months. There is not any smoking gun against the police version. Some officers said wrong things because they were mistaken, others were covering there asses and this newspaper El Mundo is full of journalist eager to throw their reputation through the window for an exclusive. The owner is a megalomaniac and he is backing up some people inside PP who are their friends. They never say any theories but they only doubt what they call the "official theory" that is the indictement of the judge to the doers. There is a web where even less reputable people make the accusations. This the way it works. The less relevant is the person the more far fetched are the accusations. The Popular Party (who is a big party that was at that time in governement) has stopped with this non-sense but all this infantry continues.The conspiranoids used to have their own page (as in 9/11, Kennedy assasination or even in 7th July in London). Some people -not me- decided to erase this page considering that was offensive for the Spanish police, the judge and specially for the dead people who took the trains that doomed morning of 11/03/2004. In spite of the fact that the page was not erased because not sufficient majority was found (2/3 were needed), the conspiranoids started invading the normal page with their theories considering that the status quo has been broken. After some weeks they decided to come here to continue their campaign.Randroide has some paranoid threats in his behaviour and loves conspirations. His HQ is extremely high and he knows lots of things what helps him to construct all kinds of fantasies. Everybody knows that the bombing was done by islamists and some of them are in prison while others flew and even others commit suicide when surrounded by the police. I have neither time nor energy to discuss all this again. If we really care about, go yourself to webs specialized in terrorism such as Rand (nothing to do with Ayn Rand) and there you will see the opinion of international experts. The whole plot is known with details and everything has been reconstructed by the police.For me these people deserve a page since every possible freaky has a page in wikipedia but is not correct that to this non-sense BE the main article as it is now.I wil do my mourning for the deads fighting this crap in my own wikipedia. What happens here is up to you since this is your place. My duty was to warn someone here and I have fulfilled it at large. Thanks for your attention and sorry for involving you in this tragicomic event.--Igor21 22:24, 13 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] IcelandologyI noticed you've deleted Icelandology. However, the talk page still remains. As you'll see from that, the article was a recreation of a previous incarnation (see the deletion log as well. You may want to take care of the remnants of the article by doing away with the talk page, too. Agent 86 00:43, 14 July 2006 (UTC)Why did you delete "icelandology" and "icelandology talk" page before discussion? Please restore it.--Yuiul 02:58, 16 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] 2004 Madrid train bombingsHola, soy Randroide (uno de los "fanatics" de esa pgina, ya sabes...)Te parece apropiado que te escriba en castellano y t me contestes en ingls?.No tengo ninguna dificultad en absoluto para leer el ingls, pero expresarme en ese idioma me resulta algo ms complicado.Cuando me hayas aclarado este punto, podemos empezar a hablar.Ah. Puedes por favor corregir la gramtica y el estilo de la seccin "Smoking gun"?. Mi ingls no es perfecto.Un saludo Randroide 08:01, 14 July 2006 (UTC).[edit] HelpWould you please help in writing this article? Thanks.--Welondekaw11:08, 15 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Dhimmi articleBonsoir et merci pour vos remarques. I was wondering if you had any advice to me on how I am working on this article. Should I change my approach in any way? Itsmejudith 18:12, 15 July 2006 (UTC)Thanks. That's good to hear. Itsmejudith 18:30, 15 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Spanish architecture, nominated for Wikipedia: Collaboration of the weekHello! I have just nominated the article Spanish architecture for WP:CotW, and ask for your support to the election. Thank you for advance! Garcilaso --Garcilaso 13:45, 16 July 2006 (UTC)Thank you both. I think it is a great idea. I will try to help out on this but will depend on my work schedule this week. Regards, E Asterion u talking to me? 22:36, 16 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] It was confirmed by the FIFA that the correct spelling of Zinedine is without the accentThe correct spelling (by a French Wikipedia user who was also convinced that it was "Zindine") was confirmed yesterday through the FIFA and French Sports Journalists to be "Zinedine". This was also confirmed by Aim Jacquet's book which also uses "Zinedine" consistently. Please see this user's page to follow this discussion: [[4]]I'm going to re-add the word "incorrect" to the spelling "Zindine", because otherwise somebody will decide that this is the correct spelling and it'll be moved to the incorrect spelling. Musikfabrik 08:14, 13 July 2006 (UTC)Merci pour votre comphension! cordialement Musikfabrik 20:48, 16 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Amazigh Man...... has continued vandalising the Arab world page: you gave him a final warning on the 11th. Thanks --Bouha 22:07, 16 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Esperanza games templateI noticed you changed the colour, but concensus was reached on the cofee lounge talk page that it should remain the coffee colour, since the coffee lounge is an offshoot of Esperanza. I was, however, looking for a small Esperanza logo to add, so if you haoppen to know where one is, please do add it. EVOCATIVEINTRIGUE TALKTOME | EMAILME | IMPROVEME 13:34, 17 July 2006 (UTC)Hi. Sorry for the inconvenience. Well, have a look at this. -- Szvest 15:33, 17 July 2006 (UTC) Wiki me upNo problem, it was a good faith edit. I found that logo too, but it may be too large for some editors who have smaller screens: we could just try rescaling the existing Esperanza logo I guess, perhaps replacing the icon in the top-right? I'll give it a go if I remember and get some more time.One last question: what does your signature name mean? It's intriguing!EVOCATIVEINTRIGUE TALKTOME | EMAILME | IMPROVEME 17:16, 17 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] SignatureIt wasn't so much the Wiki me up bit I was interested in, but how you got Szvest from FayssalF. EVOCATIVEINTRIGUE TALKTOME | EMAILME | IMPROVEME 20:06, 17 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] C# vs. Visual C#You added back the merge tag, but I think it should be removed. Would you post your reasoning on the article talk page please? thanks Leotohill 14:20, 18 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Conspiracy theories in the Madrid March, 2004 Bombings pageDear Fayssal, the article about said bombings has its objectivity seriously compromised. Wikipedia should be a reliable source, not a haven for conspiracy theorists. The supporters od such theories are a minority, a bunch of right wing extremist with dangerous anti-democratic tendencies. This is a very serious issue. Those theories are not based on objective facts, only in suppositions and wishful thinking, and have already been disproven elsewehere in the internet (here, for example: http://www.desiertoslejanos.com/blog/) Plus, they keep being shamelessly changed to adapt to new objective facts that disprove former theories, and have lost any self-coherence they could've had.I think the conspiracy theories and liks should at least be all removed to an article that clearly states that they are not a widely acepted truth.Thanks for your attention.[edit] ThanksThanks for you interest but this is completely usseless. Fascination for misteries+political interest are a too tough nut to crack for wikipedia. Apart from that they are experts in melting away and coming back. If you ask them about their stupid theories they will say "We do not state who did it, we only have doubts and we want to investigate more". If you accept that there are doubts then they will start putting their questions such us "How the PSOE knew that was an islamist bombing?" and so and at the end they will be acusing whoever because they have a broad repertoire. If you attack this theories because offend common sense then they retreat to the "questions", "shadows" and "holes" and when they are more confident they come with the attrocities again. They are imposible to defeat and I have no time to discuss this since in the Spanish wikipedia after one year we are back to square one now. My conclusion is that wikipedia simply cannot manage these situations and these kind of articles should be removed. You are starting to get embroiled in the game and in few weeks you will start thinking that "perhaps is something hidden". It is not. Sorry for not being more helpful but is nothing that I can do except recommend a rapid bloking of everybody who come here to spread lies. You can check the evident truth in any serious source like the one I recommended (Rand Yearbook about terrorism). It was done by islamists "and all the rest is crap" to misquote Shakespeare. If wikipedia can manage this or not is not my problem fortunately. Best regards and do not waste much time. --Igor21 19:15, 21 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] CategoriesHola, Fayssal, me permito el lujo de dirigirme a t en espaol. (Si lo prefieres, puedo usar el ingls). Lo primero, agradecer tu labor y tu ayuda en los distintos temas relacionados con Espaa. Te pido que le eches un vistazo a las ediciones de User:Tigeroo [5] del ltimo da relacionadas con temas espaoles. Est categorizando artculos como Castile (historical region) o Cortes Generales, como History of Islam, Al-Andalus, y etiquetas similares. Creo que est fuera de duda lo orgulloso que estoy de Al-ndalus y sus contribuciones a la cultura y a la lengua espaola, pero creo que esto est fuera de lugar. Te rogara que hablases con l, porque yo no s cmo actuar en estos casos, salvo ir de pgina en pgina revertiendo, lo que no acabra con en problema de fondo. Algunas de sus categoras son lgicas, pero otras son autnticoas desmanes. Un pequeo grupo, como Mudjar, es opinable: yo no creo que la arquitectura mudjar se pueda categorizar como arquitectura del Islam, pues precisamente se distinge por estar hecha para uso cristiano o judo, y la mayora de los edificios son iglesias, monasterios o catedrales.No parece que tenga previsto parar hasta poner todos los artculos de historia espaola bajo la etiqueta de Al-ndalus. Una vez ms te pido ayuda. Un afectuoso saludo, --Garcilaso 12:49, 26 July 2006 (UTC)He's also removing Category:History of Spain from many others, saying "al-Andalus already feeds into History of Spain", which is fair enough, but the reality is that many readers may not have ever heard of al-Andalus before. I get the impression he could be someone's sockpuppet as he seems pretty knowledgeable for a new user... E Asterion u talking to me? 18:40, 26 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Che Nuevara RfAI noticed you opposed this RfA because of low usage of edit summaries. CheNuevara had already committed to using these before the RfA, but there hasn't been time for it to change the tally yet. I realise this may still be a decisive factor for you, but I wanted to draw your attention to the candidate's other qualities in response to "Optional question from Stephen B Streater" in case you hadn't seen it, and in case this affected your view. Thanks. Tyrenius 18:28, 26 July 2006 (UTC)Thanks for taking the time to check it out. Tyrenius 18:56, 26 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] may u help me with my talk??my talk is a total mess and i can do nothin about it!!...I can't reach any of text to edit it...only 1 or 2 line at z end of z page can b editted --M.shady 16:34, 27 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] my RfAThanks for your support in my RfA! Unfortunately, the request did not pass, with a vote of (43/16/7). But your support was appreciated and I'll just keep right on doing what I do. Maybe I'll see ya around -- I'll be here!Cheers! - CheNuevara 17:39, 27 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] How do you archive a talk pageThe page Talk:11 March 2004 Madrid train bombings is getting too large and I seem to have one of the browsers who can't handle a revert on that page and blanked it instead. Can you please archive it. Dr Debug (Talk) 15:36, 28 July 2006 (UTC)[edit] Image tagging for Image:X-chair.gifThanks for uploading Image:X-chair.gif. The image has been identified as not specifying the source and creator of the image, which is required by Wikipedia's policy on images. If you don't indicate the source and creator of the image on the image's description page, it may be deleted some time in the next seven days. If you have uploaded other images, please verify that you have provided source information for them as well.For more information on using images, see the following pages:Wikipedia:Image use policyWikipedia:Image copyright tagsThis is an automated notice by OrphanBot. For assistance on the image use policy, see Wikipedia:Media copyright questions. 15:03, 1 August 2006 (UTC)Retrieved from "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_talk:FayssalF/Archive_H"Personal toolsLog in / create accountNamespacesUser pageDiscussionVariantsViewsReadEditNew sectionView historyActionsSearchNavigationMain pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaInteractionHelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact WikipediaToolboxWhat links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPrint/exportCreate a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version  This page was last modified on 11 June 2007 at 02:44.Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;additional terms may apply.See Terms of Use for details.Wikipedia is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.Contact usPrivacy policyAbout WikipediaDisclaimers