Witches, Nazis and Whores, Oh MyHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesPolitics and Political SciencePolitical PartiesWitches, Nazis and Whores, Oh MyWitches, Nazis and Whores, Oh My69rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy bgpappaSee all 7 photosWitches, Nazis and Whores, Oh MyThe Tea Party MovementIn the wake of President Obama's drastic moderate political agenda, the right wing of the Republican Party has banded together to form the Tea Party Movement. Dubbed the teabaggers by Bill Mahr, the Tea Party movement insists that they want their America back. They claim to offer an alternative the the America offered by President Obama. They claim to be true Americans. But when one looks at the people running on tea party agendas, it is hard to believe that this group has taken on such momentum. They are anti-intellectual, anti-government yet running for political office, and more often than not anti anyone who is not white or Christian. They seem to be a collection of witches, Nazis and "whores." And this is apparently the best the tea party has to offer. Christine O'DonnellYou may not be a witch, but you really should not be a SenatorChristine O'donnellThe darling and poster child of the Tea Party movement is Christine O'Donnell who is running for Senate in Delaware. A Sarah Palin mini-me clone, O'Donnell has run for the Senate several times before, losing each election.She lost to Vice President Joe Biden in 2008 by 30 points.For a supposed fiscal conservative, O'Donnell's 2008 election campaign shows no evidence that she actually believes in this conservative principal as her campaign ended in debt and she was cited 8 times by the FEC for failing to report contributions. There are also allegations that O'Donnell misappropriated campaign funds for personal use. O'Donnell has been under fire for comments made in the past about her experimenting in "witchcraft" and statements she has made about masturbation. More troubling about O'Donnell, however, is how out of touch with the issues she is for someone who has spent the majority of the last decade trying to obtain high public office. In a recent debate, in response to her tirade of Supreme Court opinions, O'Donnell was unable to cite one single case in which she had a problem. Shades of Sarah Palin with Katie Couric you may thing, well the same people who prepped Sarah Palin prepped O'Donnell. Oh, by the way Ms. O'Donnell, the case you are looking for is Roe v. Wade.Yet O'Donnell beat a long time Republican Senator in the Republican primary. How does this happen? Because she has learned that some people only care about talking points. Because she says homosexuals suffer from a phycological defect. Because she says Obama is a Muslim and that China is looking to take over the United States. No evidence for any of this is need. Saying it is enough these days. You are me you say; well I am not oblivious to facts and I do not engage in fear-mongering. So no, you are not me.Rich LottIn His Own WordsRich IottRich Iott is a candidate for Congress from the 9th District in Ohio. Iott is another darling of the Tea Party movement. Iott has recently made headlines for pictures of him dressed like a Nazi. Iott participated in Nazi re-enactments in order to get "closer" with his son. To be fair, Iott has disavowed Nazi sympathies. Iott isn't a Nazi, not in the Hitler sense. But he mirrors closely with a lot of their agenda. Iott wants to seal the borders, literally seal the borders and deport all illegal immigrants in one big swoop. Iott, of course is anti-homosexual, against gay marriage, against civil union, and a big supporter of "States Rights." Oh, about the Nazi picture, he did state of impressive the Nazi war effort was. Tom EmmerTom EmmerTom Emmer is the Republican candidate for Governor in Minnesota. He is a favorite of anti-homosexual groups including Bradlee Dean. He has the support of the Tea Party. While not a Nazi, Emmer is a scary figure with very extreme ideas. Although a supposed grass roots candidate, Emmer is corporate sponsored as he is the Target and Best Buy candidate. He has sponsored a Constitutional Amendment that would allow Minnesotans to opt out of Federal laws. He sponsored a bill trying to abolish the minimum wage, trying to allow Restaurants to subtract tips from the hourly wage of the serve, and trying to shorten and delay license revocation for for drunk drivers (of which he has been convicted). And of course, since he is a teabagger, Emmer hates homosexuals. He really hates homosexuals. Besides trying to get the State of Minnesota to pass a Constitutional Amendment to "define marriage" as between a man and a women, Emmer refuses to support a bill about bullying if homosexuals are included in the protected class. Wow. Now that is an agenda Bradlee Dean can get behind.  Meg Whitman and Carly FiorinaMeg Whitman and Carly FiorinaIn the race for Governor in California, much attention was given to a Democratic Staffer being quoted as calling Meg Whitman as a whore. The democratic candidate, Jerry Brown, apologized immediately for the other person's statement. Despite this, Whitman still claims that she is a victim and calls for apology. The problem for Meg and for Senatorial candidate Carly Fiorina, is that they are whores. And that is not meant in the sexual and gender biased way, Tom Emmer is a whore too. They are political whores. Whitman is the former CEO of EBAY and has spent an estimated 160 million dollars in this election cycle. Odd for someone who never bothered to vote before. Carly Fiorina is the former CEO of HP who did manage to cut spending at HP by outsourcing tens of thousands of California jobs overseas in her tenure.Yet now these two are running for political office. Neither is a darling of the tea party movement but both are targeting that segment. Whitman has bashed illegal immigrants. Nobody was more hurt by Whitman's comments that her own housekeeper, an illegal immigrant. Fiorina has been running a campaign about jobs, yet believes, and I quote ""There is no job that is America's God-given right anymore. We have to compete for jobs as a nation." This comes from her explanation about outsourcing thousands of jobs overseas.Really tea party? This is your California tag team. Two CEOs who are corporate sponsored and have done nothing but run two successful business to the ground and then were forced to resign. At least their golden parachutes gave them some seed money. (Fiorinia got an estimated $20 million.)  Really?  This is the best you have to offer?You Can't Be Serious?These tea party candidates are only a small handful of the people brought to the forefront by the tea party movement. There is the New York gubernatorial candidate who bashes homosexuals at every turn, yet enjoys their parades. There is the Nevada Senatorial candidate who supports trading chickens for medical services. I am all for new ideas by new types of politicians, but shouldn't the people put in charge at least have some semblance in reason? Can we not have the insane run the asylum? Can we not have the witch please?But there they are in all their glory. And what scares me the most is the number of people who attend their rallies and how well they are doing in the polls. You can't be serious. These people have support and many of them win will in November. And this is the future of the Republican Party. The Republican Party has gone so round the bend that such socialists as Ronald Reagan, John McCain and Bob Dole need not apply. These people are so bad it makes me miss Dan Quayle. I almost miss George Bush, almost. My Very First Tea PartyAmazon Price: $5.99eeBoo Tea Party GameAmazon Price: $9.95List Price: $16.99Give Us Liberty: A Tea Party ManifestoAmazon Price: $7.20List Price: $19.99No PhotoAmerican Tea Party Movement T-Shirt USA Political Obama Current Bid: $12.00 No PhotoAmerican Tea Party Movement T-Shirt USA Political Obama Current Bid: $10.00 No PhotoAmerican Tea Party Movement T-Shirt USA Political Obama Current Bid: $10.00 Related ArticlesAmerica Owes You NothingWe are endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights, life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Maybe its just a Southern, country-boy thing but it seems to me that for the past sixty years...The Republican Fear MachinePresident Franklin Roosevelt said that "we have nothing to fear, but fear itself." Since September 11, 2001, the Republican Party has done everything in its power to make sure that Americans have feared...Juan Williams: Latest Victim of Political Correctness & Democrat HypocrisyJuan Williams the black news commentator for NPR was fired by NPR (National Public Radio) because of an honest and harmless comment he made about Islamic extremist on the Fox News network. Juan Williams is a...Why Democrats Will Lose The Midterm ElectionsAnyone who follows politics knows that the midterm elections are coming in November. Almost every political pundit, and everyone on Fox News, predicts that Democrats will lose a substantial amount of seats in...vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny (1)Awesome (1)Beautiful Commentary: 5 Helpful Tips When Eating Out With KidsCommentary: Hotel Review - Anaheim Desert Inn & Suites - Not A Magical PlaceCommentsTeaPartyCrasher2 months ago Great look at what even, IMO, the "Liberal Media" is overlooking.Even NPR has been leery about bringing these extreme views to light.bgpappa2 months ago I agree, nobody is telling that story.  And Fox Portrays these guys as heroes.Thanks for reading.Uninvited Writer2 months ago Scary days for the US. Happy to be up here in Canada right Noe.bgpappa2 months ago And the healthcare is better up there too.  Would I have to watch hockey?Thanks for reading.Uninvited Writer2 months ago You don't have to watch hockey, I don't :)bgpappa2 months ago lol - well good to knowSteveoMc2 months ago bgpappa  OMG, this was wonderful, I was glued to every word.  I absolutely loved it.   This is the biggest bunch of freaks I can ever remember.  Intolerance, holier than thou, attitudes and actions of people who do not care about others and their rights is outrageous.I am motivated to vote, but I am scared of the choices.I just voted you up, and awesome, and shared on stumble.Great Work!bgpappa2 months ago Thanks Steve.  I agree, scary group.Thanks for reading.OpinionDuck2 months ago I didn't read past your first paragraph as it was a series of name calling./It would be more credible if the conclusions were made by the viewers. I make this same mistake a lot.bgpappa2 months ago Well, if you read further, the point is how can a group say they are putting America First, when the people they put up are jokes, hypocrites and hate everyone but claim to love america.These are my conclusions, the viewer can make their own opinion.But thanks for stopping byeovery2 months ago Bashing the conservative women again.  That borders bigotry.This just proves that they are a threat when the left start attacking them.Keep on hubbing!bgpappa2 months ago I am not bashing conservative women.  I am bashing tea party candidates.  Half were women, half were men.  Not sure what you mean here.Perfectly happy to bash liberal women and men too.  I hate Reid and Pelosi equally.  I am an equal opportunity basher.Thanks for reading.grillrepair2 months ago good work i'm glad someone is saying it!LRCBlogger2 months ago Who will lose the most of these Tea Party candidates are elected?  Let's see, hmmm...it is the Tea Party voters.  Never have I seen a group of people so eager to vote against their best interests.Many of the tea party candidates call for abolishing Medicare, social security, etc.  Seeing that 55% of the tea party collects both of those items, they may be in for a shock if the TEA party candidates get enough power in congress.Seriously, Carly Fiorina?  Doesn't the GOP realize that HP forced her out after she drove the company into the ground?  She is bragging about her ability go create jobs?  HP stock collapsed 66% under her reign as CEO, as a comparison for those who say it was the economy, Dell stock was in the positive by a few percentage points.ODonnell is not qaulified to stir witches brew.Marco Rubio in Florida has a plan to cut the deficit by adding 3.5 Trillion to it over the next ten years...and he is considered the TEA party deficit hawk....sorry for long comment, I can go on forever.bgpappa2 months ago Grill,  Thanks. Someone has too.  Thanks for reading.LRC, I agree, the Republican Party has convinced people to vote against their own self interests by use of wedge issues like abortion.  Been done for years, amazing.Carly Fiorina was forced out of HP, and I know for a fact she shipped 30,000 jobs overseas.  She took out a city I live near with one sign of her pen. Jobs went to China. She has no business talking tough about China as she put them in business.I honestly don't know much about Rubio. He doesn't seem to as bad as these others so I left him off the list.  He is conservative, no doubt, but to me seems sincere.  However, his plans, as you describe, are just wrong and I would never vote for him.Thanks for the comment.  Long comments are great if they are articulate, as yours was.TeaPartyCrasher2 months ago bg:I agree wholeheartedly with LRC's assessment too!bgpappa2 months ago Its very good.Thanks for stopping byJames A Watkins2 months ago I have to admit this. I laughed out loud at your first sentence: "President Obama's drastic moderate political agenda"Seriously, soda pop squirted out my nose. Moderate? Is this meant to be satire? Obama's agenda, as you full well know, is radically to the left farther than any presidential agenda in the history of America. Hell, he makes FDR look like a John Bircher.I attended a Tea Party rally and it was great. ten thousand people but only four cops, who were not needed for anything. The most peaceful crowd I've seen. I heard nothing that was anti-intellectual. It is true that there were only a few dozen blacks there, but why blame that on white people? The event was advertised. Every black in town could have attended. Th blacks weren't there because 98% of them are for their man, Obama. If there is any racial aspect to anything it is right there in front of you. You just don't see it because of what one author calls "Negrophilia."There was not a single sign there about homosexual behaviors either. And it was not mentioned on the dais.  Are you saying that if I favor keeping marriage law as it is and has been for thousands of years that I am "anti-homosexual" and "hate" those who enjoy homosexual behaviors? Since when should any people have special laws because of the kind of sex they like to have. I think that is just crazy.bgpappa2 months ago James,Always value your opinion.  Now let me tell you where you go wrong. Just kidding.You statements about the tea party event you went to only proves the point of this hub.  Do the "leaders" of the tea party even represent the rank and file tea party members.  Come on James, you are articulate, smart, well meaning:  How can you stand Christine O'Donnell, or the Senate Candidate in Nevada?  I have written hubs railing against Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi because I don't think they represent Liberal values, or any values for that matter.  I just wish one conservative tea party member would call for the better among them to run for something.  If someone like you ran, I would have to listen.  Demand better James of your side, I am doing it of mine.And yes, Obama is moderate.  Liberal heathcare would have meant Universal.  No war in Afghanistan.  etc,, ect,,,.  That is why Obama has a problem right now, he abandoned the left, and they have now abandoned him.  Only right to center moderates have a voice.braudboy2 months ago You saying Obama is moderate is a statement to how far left the democratic party has gone.  Your political views are bordering on communism if you think Obama is a moderate.  A moderate might be John McCain or Gene Taylor (rep from MS), or even George Bush.  No way is Obama a moderate.  He is pushing the radical agenda of global warming, govt health care, govt takeovers of auto industry, banking industry, and insurance industry (see govt healthcare), amnesty for illegal aliens,  abortion over right-to-life.  Is there any moderate position in there.  Obama makes Jimmy Carter look like a conservative.TeaPartyCrasher2 months ago braud:Or does it show how far to to the right the GOP has shifted?Bush a moderate, the man who created so much of this mess, despite what Beck, Limbaugh, etc tell you.  Shows how much of the corporate tea you've drank!braudboy2 days ago The GOP is not to the right......but there is a movement to get it moving there.  It is the only way to save this country.  We can no longer compromise with the democratic party as it has become too socialist.  They must be defeated.bgpappa2 days ago I think the point that person was making Braud is that the GOP is so far to the right that moderates now appear to be Socialists.  Dole, McCain, and even Reagan no longer would be welcome in the Far Right of the Republican PartyThanks for the comment.braudboy33 hours ago Reagan would most certainly be welcome in the republican party.  The GOP is not far to the right. Not by a long shot.  Their last presidential candidate was John McCain!  Get real.The GOP's problem is that they are constantly trying to be in the center, thinking it attracts more voters.  It does not! It waters down the correct and successful message of conservativism and individual freedom and limited government. It prevents the tough actions of down-sizing government, lowering tax rates, and promoting business growth and individual achievement.  Real leadership is not about compromise, but moving ahead with principles and wisdom.bgpappa33 hours ago John McCain was hated by over half his party, and that half is in charge now.  I will give you this, when both parties try to straddle the middle as they are now, we all lose.  I agree real leadership is not about compromise necessarily, but doing what you think is right.  We agree, we just disagree on the which way to go.  Obama hasn't led, I admit that.  He is waivering in the middle.My whole problem with Obama is he tries to do only what Congress will let him. That is not leadership.  Leadership is not asking everyone where to go and then say follow me.  The democrats in Congress led by Pelosi and Reid were a joke, they only cared about keeping their jobs.  Obama should have led, didn't, and got spanked because of it.  Americans like guts and right now the right wing of the Republican party has themSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesNewsSo-called Tea Party group got its money from a law firm headed by a DemocratThe Cleveland Plain Dealer7 hours agoA mailing from the shadowy group raised the hackles of Tea Party activists in Ohio who said they had never heard of the group.MILAN: Generation Tea Party set Jan. 30 in MilanThe Milan News-Leader6 hours agoThe Milan Parks and Recreation Department will host its Generation Tea Party at the Milan Senior and Community Activity Center Jan. 30, giving local residents an opportunity to dress up in their Sunday best.Reid expects Tea party to fade awayReno Gazette-Journal8 hours agoU.S. Sen. Majority Leader Harry Reid is dismissing the tea party as short-lived, saying it will 'disappear' once the economy gets better.Tea parties offer sympathyDaily Herald13 hours agoGIFFORDSREAC ... xx inches with photos with link to recent NPR clip featuring Roskam and GiffordsALL: Reaching out to Congressman Peter Roskam , who has appeared with Democratic Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords on NPR as recently as a week ago but also in a series when they were both freshmen. As of 2:30 p.m., Roskam is not yet commenting, but we're in touch. Also reaching out to our ...Tea party activists express shockWashington Post19 hours agoTrent Humphries was headed to the local Safeway for some milk when he was stopped by a police barricade. It wasn't until later that he would find out that a congresswoman with whom he had often clashed politically had been shot there, along with more than a dozen people.Tea parties offer sympathyDaily Herald17 hours agoTea party organizations nationwide offered their sympathy Saturday in the wake the shooting of Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords that killed six others and left her fighting for her life.Giffords, a Democrat, won re-election in November by defeating Jesse Kelly, a tea party-backed Republican.Where Does the Tea Party Stand With Americans, New Congress?The Online NewsHour46 hours agoOn Thursday, as their first act, members of the new Republican-led House read the U.S. Constitution aloud . The reading was not about civics - one would assume lawmakers have the basics down by now - it was a sign to the Tea Party groups around the U.S. that the Republicans heard them. As the new GOP House works its way into the term the Tea Party organizations loom large. "As you get down to ...Florida tea party leader condemns Arizona shooting as act of a 'mad man'St. Petersburg Times14 hours agoEverett Wilkinson, Florida coordinator of the Tea Party Patriots and chairman of the South Florida Tea Party, released a statement about the shootings in Arizona. SFTP considers the shooting today is that of a mad man. We, as Americans, must not tolerate these irrational and heinous acts of mad men. Single acts of violence of crazy people should not be considered the general rule of how citizens ...93bgpappaFrom Sacramento, California408 Followers176 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by bgpappaContact bgpappaFollow bgpappaSubscribe to bgpappa's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk bgpappa a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat is the foreign movie, where a guy is laying on the bed, and the girl is turning around in...asked by Pawzo 2 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionI haven't driven a car since passing my test 17 years ago.  Now I really need to drive but I'm nervous!  How should I go about it?asked by Moon Daisy 2 years ago7 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsGerrymander This- Great Political Debatesby Len CannonImmigration  America, here we come!by Gypsy WillowDIY...Home Improvement..How Tom Fixes Things...I Think?by TamCorVideo Games You Will Want to get this Christmas (2008...by ANDR01DAnalysis of "The Crucible" by Arthur Millerby Patty Inglish, MSPower Hitter Sarah Palinby Ghost32 Political Parties ForumTopicRepliesI will not vote for evilposted by Petra Vlah61CNN discussing scenario of Sarah Palin as president!posted by Mighty Mom15Tea part Convention is Off Due to lack of Interestposted by Stacie L13Post a new topic16 more topics Tagspolitics america california president obama republican sarah palin Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 2.582 sec)  working