Monsanto is the Real Food Terror Threat // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 217Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 01, 2011| 91 commentsMonsanto is the Real Food Terror Threatsource: http://www.caivn.org/article/2010/12/24/monsanto-real-food-terror-threatAn error occurred while setting up video display.gerardange added this31st December 2010By Chris HinyubIntependent Voter Network | December 24, 2010" Control The Food Supply, and you control the people." Acting on information from a key intelligence source, CBS News claimed that terrorists are trying to poison our food supply on Monday. This may come as a shock, but some researchers have already identified several thriving food-terror cells whove been operating from within our borders for years. One is based in St. Louis, Missouri under the cover of a trans-national chemical manufacturer turned bio tech firm. It turns out that Monsanto has been poisoning Americans with the FDAs approval for at least 12 years.Mary Nash Stoddard of the Aspartame Consumer Safety Network informs us:In 1998, Monsanto applied for FDA approval for a monster molecule, based on the aspartame formula, with one critical addition: 3-dimethylbutyl [listed on EPA's most hazardous chemical list]. Neotame is touted as being 13,000 times sweeter than sugar.On July 5 2002, Monsantos Neotame molecule was approved by the US FDA over formally registered objections of the Aspartame Consumer Safety Network and others. Long term effects on humans are unknown. Read the full release at the Aspartame Consumer Safety Network. The food labeling requirements for aspartame have now been dropped for Neotame, and no one is clear why this was allowed to happen. Neotame has been ruled acceptable, without being included on the list of ingredients, for USDA Certified Organic food items and Certified Kosher products with the official letter k inside the circle on labels.Ever ready to give the public what it craves  guilt-free, low calorie treats that taste as good as sugar, is the multi-billion dollar sweetener industry. The sugar industry pales by comparison in the profit-generating arena. Fake sugars, in the form of Aspartame and now the Aspartame super clone, Neotame, give foodies and fitness fanatics false hope and the empty promise that all can have our cake and eat it, too. Not necessarily so. Dont think that by avoiding sweet things you wont get a 3-dimethylbutyl dose. Neotame is quickly displacing molasses as a feed amendment at industrial cattle lots, helping to make those cows GMO grain-based diet more palatable. With an even more questing spirit than the alleged al Qaeda plotters, who supposedly planned to put cyanide in our restaurant salad buffets, Monsanto has already managed to put their genetically modified crops into 70 percent of the processed food products on grocery store shelves. The FDA does not require labeling of these  disease-causing ingredients. Monsantos continued expansion and its infiltration of rural America has been funded by a massive subsidy program authorized by the USDA. Many have written about the revolving door leadership policy between federal food agencies and the corporate behemoth, but few seem to grasp the grave dangers such a good-ol-boy network entails. The fact is, Monsanto has not produced a food product that independent, non-corporate sponsored studies have found to be safe for prolonged human consumption.Case and point: recombinant Bovine Growth Hormone (aka rBGH or rBST). This refers to a genetically modified hormone injected into dairy cows to boost their milk production. Together with being more plentiful (and more puss-filled), milk from rBGH treated cows (despite what the milk-jug label wants you to believe) is detrimental to human health. Sold to factory dairy farmers under the brand name Posilac, rBGH has successfully evaded crucial labeling laws in the U.S. and abroad since it was approved by the FDA in 1994. Posilac was perhaps the most prevalent Weapon of Mass Disease in Monsantos well-stocked arsenal until the first wave of unbiased scientific scrutiny forced them to pawn their cancer-causing product off on pharmaceutical giant Eli Lily.I think its about time for Americans to be a little more proactive in fighting food-terrorism. Though most of use dont have the luxury of producing our own food, we can at least use our powers as consumers to opt-out of supporting terrorist organizations. Just say no to Monsanto products and to a genetically altered, chemically perverted food supply. Lets stop funding organizations that wreak economic, ecological and biological terror on the civilized world.groups:News, Green, US Politics, Collective Journalism, Law and Justice 1 moretags:Monsanto,Big Brother,FDA,GMOs,GMO,USDA,Aspartame,rBGH,Eli Lilly,GMO labelling,bovine growth hormone,BGH,rbST,neotame,biological terror,3-dimethylbutyl,dimethylbutyl,GMO Corrupt Government,USDA Certified Organic 15 morerecommended by:Vierotchka |91 comments// Monsanto is the Real Food Terror Threathide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0jj2010FDA.... admit your mistake and get Monsanto out of my food. Check Elliot Coleman's organic growing that he believes could feed the world. We need change to our agriculture...... NOW 5 days agoflag  reply0MINDHEADits part of the plan... they want to kill us all off! 5 days agoflag  reply0cclark_productionslol terrorist don't have to poison our food supply! America's already poisoning itself with all this genetically manufactured shit and growth hormones! 6 days agoflag  reply-1tomofnorthcalYou have a point Itsbatmann_Durr.GMO corn got into taco shells and a few people died from it.http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2000/09/24/gm-corn-part-one.a...http://www.ens-newswire.com/ens/sep2000/2000-09-18-04.aspGMO corn fed rats increased in toxicity levels.  Some corn has been altered to generate pesticides.http://www.biolsci.org/v05p0706.htmhttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/01/19/monsanto-gm-corn-causing_n_425195.htmlBookshttp://www.seedsofdeception.com/Public/Home/index.cfmOther links:http://www.responsibletechnology.org/gmo-dangers/health-risks 7 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durrnot for nothing but you say that long term study hasnt been done, and have listed no negative effects of this product. i mean i agree that monsanto probably would poison us for profit, and the fda is a joke up to the highest bidder, but where is any sign that this stuff is not perfectly fine? 7 days agoflag  reply0tomofnorthcalWell said article.  1. I saw similar info on The Future os Food DVD.  2. I recomemnd Food Nation too.3. One question, how come the upper management of US corporations (like Oil, Agra, Financial, Lobbyists, etc) cause more death, pain, and suffering in the US and around the world, but no one kicks their nutz? 7 days agoflag  reply+1KSirysThere goes the FDA, always looking out for us! 7 days agoflag  reply+1csmonut"The food labeling requirements for aspartame have now been dropped for Neotame, and no one is clear why this was allowed to happen. Neotame has been ruled acceptable, without being included on the list of ingredients, for USDA Certified Organic food items and Certified Kosher products with the official letter k inside the circle on labels."By this statement...do not buy organic foods that have a K inside of a circle! And besides that, let your local store, that you get organic foods from, about it. I'll be looking a lot closer at labels...again. Thought I had it figured out. CRAP!Gotta get my veggie garden going again...... 7 days agoflag  reply+3CalgarCcontrol the food supply and you don't control the public... you anger the public, effectively causing your death.... that said monsatan will not survive this decade 7 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78  CalgarC:I don't believe that a few folks with pitch forks at hand are going to do any harm to monsonto. They have the Goverment backing them and buying their products. Thats going to go a long way in keeping them afloat. 7 days agoflag  reply+4MrMxyzptlk  CalgarC:As long as Ameicans are greedy and selfish the food industry will be dominated by agri-corps and Monsanto will be king of the hill.  They've got to be willing to pay more for food before we can return to a low chem ag model. 7 days agoflag  reply+3bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:How about we get off our fat lazy ass and grow something? 7 days agoflag  reply+2MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Well, only if you want to push the "Ownership Society" meme that GWB was trying for.  Not everyone owns their home and most landlords are a bit touchy about ripping up the back yard for a garden.  Mine only allows a small patch on the wrong side of the house to be used as a garden.  All I can grow there are salad greens.  That and the asswipe sprays the feild with some kind of herbicide that wiped out the buckets of zucchini and other squashes.  Bastard.  Wasted a shitload of time and energy on that last year. 7 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:You can grow in pots most any where. That way you don't tear up the ground. You can also ask the landlord if he objects to a small garden in the proper place if it is above ground. 7 days agoflag  reply+2redheadedjoe  CalgarC:The decade has just begun, how many people will not survive the decade because of Monsanto before it finally collapses? A decade is more time than Monsanto needs. Monsanto needs to be shut down before the year is up. 7 days agoflag  reply0CalgarC  bailey78:i am not talking about farmers, i am talking about us... hactivists, activists, wikileakers etc... 6 days agoflag  reply+2CalgarC  MrMxyzptlk:yes but not all of us are greedy, some of us here are fed up, and some are pissed off. wikileaks is a prime example of people who are pissed off about whats going on... 6 days agoflag  reply0CalgarC  redheadedjoe:thats true... but i guarantee you that if not this year or next year, it will happen by 2020... better then having them around longer 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Did you read what I wrote?  I can have a 3 foot by 20 foot strip ten feet away from the east side of the house in the lee of a steep hill.  I get about 4 hours of sun on that patch at the height of July.  It grows salad greens only.  I tired carrots, beets, peas, beans, cukes, spinach, salad greens and brussel sprouts on that patch last year.  I got spinach and salad greens only.  I had tomatoes, peppers, zukes and other squash in buckets and I built spaceship planters that were 6 foot diameter four feet off the ground to save his fucking grass and the asshole sprayed herbicide in the pasture whick blew onto my vines and killed every god damned thing except some of the tomatoes and a few pepper plants.  Not everyone can garden to feed their family. 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  CalgarC:Greed is one of the few universal things all humans share.  Some may claim they don't feel it but they are lying.  Greed is what motivates us to get off our asses and go to work in the morning.  Saying you don't have any greed in your soul is like saying you don't want sex or you don't like to eat.  It's just part of our monkey brain package. 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:Yes I read what you said and i'm sorry your landlord is a asshole. I know it really sucks to have a landlord. I have not always owned my own home when the Wife and I first started out we rented. But as soon as We could we bought a peice of property and move into a mobil home. then when we had a chance to sell and buy a house We did. it was a lot cheaper han paying rent by the way. Now I'm wanting to buy a couple of green houses and grow and sell organic veggies. just as a way top get off disability and to become a productive member of society again. Will it work? only time will tell. But I'm going to give it a shot. 6 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  CalgarC:An How! 6 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  CalgarC:Yes I know but Me and Mr. Mxyzptlk are talking farming right now. well more or les any way. So tell me hows the music comeing? Just love the sounds you create. :) 6 days agoflag  reply+1CalgarC  MrMxyzptlk:thats true... but some people think of greed in different ways, for instance, i couldn't give two shits about money, but i cant stop "acquiring" music... 6 days agoflag  reply+1CalgarC  bailey78:i got a record deal last month FTW :D oh and 3 songs let in my album 6 days agoflag  reply+1CalgarC  bailey78:someone will release info on monsatan, and the internet will do the rest mwuahahahaha 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  CalgarC:So you steal music?  Deprive the artist of compensation for their work?  That's pretty damned greedy when you think about it. 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Home ownership is a great idea if you plan to be in one place for more than a few years.  But we aren't sure that Spearfish is where were want to put down roots.  We're weirdos and this is a fairly strait laced town.  Buying here with the sluggish market isn't a good idea for us.  We are thinking about landing someplace warm with lots of weirdos.  Florida maybe.  We could get a gator ranch and grow veg on the side.  Sell gator-salad sandwiches from a roadside stand.  That could be fun. 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:Ya'll should try South Texas. This is a great place to live. Plus lots of weirdos. 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Having lived in Colorado for 20 years my view of Texans is pretty jaded.  I'm not sure that I could move there and avoid murdering my neighbors...  Especialy if we got short on gator chow... 6 days agoflag  reply+1CalgarC  MrMxyzptlk:i buy y music from all indie artists and certain labels, i download from major labels. for every 10 dollars an artist sells on itunes he/she makes 8cents, which is why i download from major labels... its part of my system. if the labels didn't fuck people in the ass then maybe i would consider buying the music 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:I can understand the not wanting to move Here after having a bad run in with other Texans But we have plenty of Gators here. I can count four or five most any day down at the pond. I do some bird watching now days I see Gators most every day 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  CalgarC:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGM8PT1eAvYWeird Al says it all... 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Well maybe we will add it back into the list of possiblies. 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:Lots of jobs to be had. I don't know what line of work your into but everybody around here is hireing. 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Well I've got my course in Medical Administration finished and I'm looking to get into that feild.  Problem is I need a very understanding boss who can accept me being at dialysis four hours a day for three days a week. 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:Hey we have lots of dialysis clinics around here. maybe you could hire in at one of them and be a patient too. 5 days agoflag  reply+1MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Not only am I the assitant administrator for Dalas Dialysis, I'm also a patient!Yeah, it's one thing I'd love to do.  It would make things a lot easier.  But typicaly a dialysis center is part of a larger group and they use the admin services of that group.  I'd like ot get on at a hospital so I can get some kick ass insurance. 5 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:We have several large Hosptals around here. Just Google Corpus Christi and see what pops up. What have you got to lose? 5 days agoflag  reply0CalgarC  MrMxyzptlk:lol 5 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Ok, my wife wants to know if you want me to move there so you can kick my ass or love my ass...  She says either way I'm hers and she doesn't share the privilage of kicking or loveing my well attended ass.I wil look into the Corpus Christi area medical facilities and see what is offered.  Who knows, it's got to be better than the frozen hell we are in now. 5 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:Well My wife ain't about to share me so i guess your on your own. I say the best bet is to listen to the Wife. Oh and do You know How GAY that sounds?  I'm sure they're hireing around this part of the Country. Just take a look and see what you can find. Oh the High today was in the mid sixties I believe. 5 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:My wife always gets worried when people start being nice to me online.  It happens so rarely that she always things it's a trap.  She worries about me a lot. 5 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:She has good reason to be worried. I am the scout for a hord of Zombies and we are looking for our next meal. Would you like to come over for dinner some night? 4 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Now that makes sense.  It also explains a lot of things about Texas... 4 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:So would Ya'll like to come over for dinner some night ?? 4 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Could you send blood samples of all the guests first so I can see if one is compatable... er... not sick...  Yeah... that's it... not sick....  Not like I'd feed everyone roofies and leave someone in a bathtub of ice without a kidney.... 4 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:Sure come on down we have just what you need. I do live close to the border you know. Just a two hour drive and you can choose who you get your spare parts from. Just bring cash they won't take a check. 4 days agoflag  reply+1MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Cash?  The only thing I can afford is the roofies and the bathtub full of ice.... 3 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:Well good luck with putting it in by yourself. 3 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Insurance will pay for that.  I get on Medicare because of End Stage Renal Disease.  I just need to find a "donor" and they are being vauge about the morality of how I manage to get one... 3 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:Road Trip?? 3 days agoflag  reply+4IncredulousListing of Monsanto products to avoid purchasing:http://www.ethicalinvesting.com/monsanto/products.shtmland a "How To Avoid GMO/Monsanto blogsite:http://www.garden-of-eatin.com/how-to-avoid-monsanto/ 7 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  Incredulous:Thanks those links help a lot. I'm going to start reading more labels to see just where my food is comeing from. 7 days agoflag  reply+3IncredulousGreat post, and the article from Vanity Fair at the link below is awesome too....brave journalists, did a great job of exposing Medusa...errr, I mean Monsanto. 7 days agoflag  reply+3bailey78I just can't wait till I get a green house and grow Heirloom veggies both for my own family and to sell to others. Those that can should do the same even if it's only a small garden PLEASE grow what you can it will make the world a better place. 7 days agoflag  reply+3gerardange  bailey78:So very true!      Plus... the Reward in the end.... You discover it is really easy to do... ( with a $10.00 24 hour water timer )  and any  backyard garden grows quickly and what you get is A ripened vegetable or fruit really tastes 1000 times better than any thing that you could ever buy in the grocery store! (even the organic) 7 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  gerardange:I plan on going large scale if it all works out I will be able to get off the goverments payroll 7 days agoflag  reply+2gerardange  bailey78:That what's this is all about... Empowering bold Ideas and thinking outside of the box.   Living by example... so others can empower themselves.  Making the world a better place. "If we all don't like the news we are seeing... Then it is up to US go out and make some of our own." (sn)  Grard 7 days agoflag  reply+5dreaddazeshady foods shady worksshady folkswhat a world we live in.peace-in 8 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78  dreaddaze:Kind of shady ain't it?? 7 days agoflag  reply+4dalistuffCorporations through greed will destroy or have begun to ruin the pure American way of life before Reagan deregulation. Read the attached article. Mon$anto should be called Merihim : Dark Prince of pestilence. 8 days agoflag  reply+4kodadaAn interesting article on Monsanto in Vanity Fairhttp://www.vanityfair.com/politics/features/2008/05/monsanto200805?currentPage=a... 8 days agoflag  reply+6hunzedogi know they killed the bees......... 8 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78  hunzedog:Of course they did with out the Bees we need their GMO food that requires no pollination. Control nature and you can control the food supply and those in need of food. You can win the war with out fireing a shot. 7 days agoflag  reply+3PressCore  bailey78:You fellows make good detective material. Monsanto is Fascists R US all right. And it's a given that all right is all wrong since 1949 when Orwell published Monsanto's game plan for their subversion of our American way of life by means of their Corporatist hostile business takeover. By greasing enough G people, conflicting their interests, making them Monsanto's corporate clerks to legislate & sign off on their Monopoly agenda, their domination of the world food supply has become so megalomaniacly ambitious, it menaces all of us with the same absolute power corruption that set the Axis powers on the move during the 30s and 40s. It was easier for all the American peoples from 1930-1945 to see Hitler/Mussolini/Tojo as the criminaly insane Racketeers they were. They were foreigners, and overtly evil, so it was easy to be objective about them. But the advent of Corporate TV has so controlled people's minds that it's become a medium of Corporatist domination invadingpeople's homes, and lives too. They won't even wake up from their mass hypnosis unless & until they start to get sick like the vegan Indian farmers.Since Nobama installed a key Monsanto exec as the secretary of AgricultureI hope the Republicans defeat his Billion dollar plan to buy the White House in 2012, if the Democrats are insane enough to allow him to run again. Porlo cierto, I voted both your discussions up. Thank you for allowing me to add to them with my humble opinions. Buy local. Eat farmers market grown food.Be healthy. It won't matter if you're millionaires or billionaires if you get sick, no ?. 7 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78  PressCore:I'm not so sure that nObama is the only one that has been bought. I'm sure that Monsonto has bought and paid for their share of Republacan'ts to. I'm afraid that if you don't grow your own then you will be eating a monsonto product. 7 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Paranoid much? 7 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:No more than usual. How about yourself? 7 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:I'd say your tinfoil hat is a tad too tight if you think they are trying to kill the bees.  Maybe you need some antipsychotics to help you stop seeing dark conspiracies behind everything... 7 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:I was on Buspar and ativan both. They only made me a Zombie at best. Besides I like to be able to think for myself. as far as the dark conspiracies what make you think they arn't real? Do you believe what your goverment tells you? if so then you are in need of some help. Oh and my foil hat fits just right. I got it from the world leader in foil hat builders. Would you like there phone number I'm sure they would build you one. 7 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Keep trying other meds.  They all affect people a little differantly.  You clearly need something to balance you out.  It's not sane to see these conspiracies everywhere. 7 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:I only see them where they are. There are plenty of them so I don't have to make them up. It is worst than you think and they are out to get you. Just wait till they come knocking on your door wanting to take you in for questioning. 7 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:If you are not kidding around please see your doctor about getting on the right meds.  You don't have to live like this.  You can be normal.  If money is a problem there are lots of meds that are generic and at Walmart will cost you $4 a month.  That's less than most folks pay for cigarettes.  Please.  Get help. 7 days agoflag  reply+1gerardange  MrMxyzptlk:.Hey MrMxyzptlk....  It is real easy to sit around in your underwear on your big fat ass and fling negative jabs from your computer all day and night...  Yah, that's the way to do it!  Just make rude comments about everything!    Regardless if you have zero knowledge or, any of the facts on any of the subjects you comment on... Blah... blah... blah...    But it still gets down to...    What have you ever done... beside making rude comments?People on here want intelligent constructive positive thoughts..not by  JUST EMPTY BS.      Maybe you should do more listening and less talking... you might learn something.GA 7 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:I like me just the way I am. Maybe you should try some of them meds you speak so highly of. I have tried them didn't care for them to much. 7 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:I understand what it's like to be chemicaly unbalanced.  I have to take 60 mg of Citalopram every evening to balance my brain chemistry out.  Without it I'm a maudlin, miserable dickhead with no hope for the future.  A lot like Jan is...  You'd be suprised how much a good psych med can help you out.  Don't write them all off because of a bad experience with one or two of them.  You need to keep plugging at it and find the right chemicals for you. 6 days agoflag  reply+1MrMxyzptlk  gerardange:I don't post in my underwear.  Especialy in the winter.  My house is cold upstairs.  Brr...  My nuts would freeze to the chair!  I always wear my pjs and a bathrobe.  What have I done with my life?  I suspect I have done far more than you have, but then I've lived a bit more than most.  Of course my life should be made into an ABC after school special on what NOT to do, but it was fun.  As for intelegnet conversation, that's bullshit.  People want to have sycophantic followers agree with them and vote their comments up.  That's not how I get my jollies.  I tell it like it is and I don't care who thinks what about it. 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:I might give it another try. But so far I'm doing good without them. I haven't gone to jail in a while and I get along with the Wife real good. Plus I just don't like being on a drug that changes the way I think. Besides being Paranoid is a good thing sometimes. HA HA?? 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:After doing a little research I know for a fact I will not be taking Citalopram. To many bad side effects. Thats what was wrong with the others I was on I was always trying to kill myself. Once while I was in a mental ward and twice while I was at home. Not a way to live life. 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Being paranoid is NOT a good thing.  Trust me, I've been there.  Before we found the right antidepressant for me I was suicidal, depressed and paranoid.  But since I had always been that way I figured it was normal.  But when we got me on the right stuff for me I really started to feel normal.  No more suicidal thoughts, my attitude and self worth were much better and I stopped seeing everything as some kind of vast conspiracy.  Consequently I stopped buying into the AGW cult around that time too and was open to the idea that maybe, just maybe, my species wasn't a plague of locusts upin the planet and maybe we weren't destroying all life.  Citalopram isn't right for everyone, but with all the meds out there there will be one with your name on it.  You need to be honest with yourself and your doctor and try several until your chemistry gets right.  The right meds don't stop you from thinking.  They just make it possible to deal with reality in a rational way.  Needing a psych med is just like needing a blood pressure or cholesterol med.  Your body isn't doing something right and you just need a tweek to get on track again.  Dude, unless you are kidding around about this evil conspiracy stuff, you need some help.  Give drugs a chance.  They can help a lot. 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:I don't kid around about the evil conspiracy stuff. I'm sorry that you have dulled your mind to be controlled by them.. 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:That's your cheimcal imbalance talking there.  But you can't see that because of the imbalance.  Dude, you are clearly a smart guy and this is holding you back.  I dropped out of college and fucked everything up before I got on the meds.  After the meds kicked in I finsihed a set of college courses, scored an amazingly high grade and have gotten my life on track.  I'm debt free and on my way to living like a normal person.  You can do it to. 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:Yes i can do it without the mind control drugs that My goverment will be more than happy to give me. I belive I am living a normal life now things are going good for me. I am only in debt till I get the bills paid I have less than two grand of debt by the way. My moter bike and My lawn mower.  My life is good and it will only get better withn out the drugs. i have also quit smoking the Herbs for now. But will start back in the spring I think. But then again I may no depending on how I feel at the time. 6 days agoflag  reply+1MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:Of course you beleive yourself to be normal.  When your BRAIN is screwing up you think that being crazy is normal.  It's why brain chemistry issues are so nasty.  Dude, the meds are cheep.  The government isn't behind this and the corpo-fascists aren't behind this.  Walmart has driven the price of prescription drugs down the old fasioned way, by blackmailing the pharm corps.  Dude, take advantage of that and get yourself sane.  I say this as a fellow crazy person who hates to see others waste their lives with parasnoid delusions holding them back.I smoked a lot of pot back in the day too.  My doctors say I was elf medicating for the depression.  Pot has many chemcials that do what several of the antidepressants do for you.  The prescrition drugs just target the problem areas better and don't dose you for problems you don't have.  Smoking pot for depression is a lot like taking every AD pill there is in low doseages.  That's kinda overkill.  Better to find exactly what pill solves your problems and get on track with living a really happy life. 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:I will think about it. But I really do enjoy having paranoid delusions I've grown quite fond of them. Besides th are so much of who I am now. 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:You sound so much like me five years ago.  Seriously.  I managed to fuck my life up pretty good back in the day.  It's taken a lot of time to get things fixed and the meds were a neccesary part of that journey.  You may have had a bad run with some others but thats not unusual.  My wife went through three differant kinds before she found the right fit.  Now she's as well adjusted as a woman whose father was an abusive son of a bitch can be.  Give it a shot.  You can always stop taking them and go back to being crazy.  The funny thing is the people who like you when you are fucked up don't seem as good of freinds when you get better. 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:Like I said I will think about it. I just don't believe that I'm going to like not being me as i am now. 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:I thought they would turn me into a zombie.  I thought they would take away my creativiity and make me dull.  Beleive me, I am not dull.  I'm still a sarcastic asshole.  I'm just a happy sarcastic asshole. 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  MrMxyzptlk:Yea I've noticed. 6 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  bailey78:It's hard to miss... 6 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvThe Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Dinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  17 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  21 minutes agoWe're all Americans whatever our political persuasion.  We should all be alarmed by any infringement of our rights. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  33 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog