How You Can Tell Your Best Close Friend You Love ThemHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsGender and RelationshipsRelationship Problems and AdviceFrom Friendship to RelationshipHow You Can Tell Your Best Close Friend You Love ThemHow You Can Tell Your Best Close Friend You Love Them98rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Kathryn Vercillo20 Communication Tips for Couples: A 30-Minute Guide to a Better RelationshipAmazon Price: $4.71List Price: $8.9520 Advanced Communication Tips for Couples: A 90-Minute Investment in a Better RelationshipAmazon Price: $19.92List Price: $9.00Dating and Mating: The Power of FlirtingAmazon Price: $10.74List Price: $11.9552 Lessons on Communicating Love: Tips, Anecodotes, and Advice for Connecting with the One You Love  From America's Leading Relationship TherapistAmazon Price: $2.57List Price: $10.95There is little in life that is more frustrating that having deep feelings for someone who you're "just friends" with. And there is little that is more frightening than to consider revealing those feelings to your friend because you run the risk of jeopardizing the friendships. For that reason, it is important to think carefully before telling your friend that you're in love. It is also important to prepare emotionally once you've made the decision that you're going to communicate your feelings to your friend. And finally, you'll need to find the right way to tell your friend to ease the awkwardness of the situation.First things first, make sure that you really want to tell your friend about your feelings. Are you certain that you're in love? Do you want to tell your friend because you are hoping that your revelation will lead to a relationship? Or is this a situation in which you just need to get the feelings off of your chest even though you don't think it's likely that your relationship is ever going to be anything more than platonic? Take some time to really get a good grasp on why you are interested in sharing this with your friend at the current time. Work through your thoughts in a journal or talk to a counselor to explore the reasons motivating you to share these feelings and make a thought-through decision about whether to proceed or to leave things as they are.If you've decided that you are indeed going to tell your friend that you're in love, you should prepare emotionally for the ramifications of that. You should consider what might happen to your life if your friend decides that he/she doesn't share your feelings and doesn't want to be as close to your for awhile after the revelation. Think carefully about what you will do to protect yourself in this situation. This includes creating a support network of other friends and loved ones who can spend time with you if this happens. Of course, you're hoping that this isn't the end result of your revelation, but you should prepare for it anyway, just in case. You don't want to be left with no best friend after the conversation has taken place.You should also think about what you want from your friend. Being able to clearly articulate that is going to make the conversation go more smoothly. Just revealing your feelings for your friend to deal with can be shocking and overwhelming to the friend. But if you have a plan in mind and know what you want, you give your friend the chance to make a decision without being so overwhelmed. Know what you want in case the friend shares the feelings and what you want in case he/she doesn't. For example, you may want to proceed to a romantic relationship if those feelings are shared but to discontinue the friendship entirely if they are not. Alternatively, you may want to spend more time developing your relationship if the feelings are shared but would be content to stay friends as is if not. Know what you want so you can tell your friend when the conversation takes place.Finally, you'll need to tell your friend, of course. You should pick an appropriate time and setting for doing so. Don't just burst out with your emotions one day as your having a quick lunch before returning to the office. Make sure that you have the time and privacy for a complete conversation about the topic. If you feel like it's better done in a public place, go for coffee or dinner. Otherwise do it in the comfort of one of your homes. Be clear and honest in your announcement about your emotions. Let the other person know what you are feeling and what you want to happen from here on out. Then wait and see what he/she has to say. You might be surprised to find that these feelings were shared all along and your friend just didn't know how to tell you!How to tell a close friend you're in love with themGoing from Friend to Boyfriend/Girlfriend - Love How Tos ...I love my best friend - TheSite.orgHow to Tell Your Guy Friend You're in Love With Him - wikiHowWikiAnswers - Should you tell your friend that you are in love ...vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (12)Funny (8)Awesome (9)Beautiful (9)CommentsKenny Wordsmith3 years ago I agree with everything you said. And I wish happiness to all who fall in love with their friends!Princessa3 years ago A long term friend once told me that he was in love with me and honestly, that ruined our friendship.  It took me a long to be "like before" but his confession always stayed in the back of my mind.  I did not feel comfortable with him alone anymore.soyelude3 years ago Simple...make the move....then talk about other thingssomeone inlove2 years ago i wish it were that easy..Ananta652 years ago Nice hub. Although, I must admit, I am glad I didnt prepare and plan thing this way. Luckily for me, the feelings were mutual and it happened unexpectedly. And probably its very personal. For me, discussions dont work out if I plan them.Rationally I fully agree with this hub, Im just not the type of person who acts rationally :)Granite2 years ago Do not, under any circumstance reveal to your freinds that you like them, if they liked you, they would have showed some signs, so be able to judge the situation before embarassing yourself and looking like a complete idiot,John2 years ago Its best to ask him/her and if he/she says why say, "so-and-so told me." If yes, tell her/him how you feel. I am in love if Elizabeth. And Amanda Bynes!broyce22 months ago That's love begins, friendship then move to the next level. For me there is nothing wrong with it.Age22 months ago i wish it was that easy!!!!!! plus i work with this girl so its gonna make it wierderBosta 20 months ago It's Nice Cos I Know Love Developed/Grows.Once you make youremotions alert and not to be hurt if He/she says the oppositeNick19 months ago I'm really in the same situation.Can someone tell me the "signs" Granite is mentioning?dan18 months ago i just had my first kiss yesterday and it was with my friend but the bad thing was that it was a dare soo i dont know if i should tell her that i was glad that she was my first kiss or notplease help me im soo confusedBilly Howard18 months ago You will know when the time is right. You will see all the signs right in front of you.stelios maos17 months ago and what if my best friend (male) is in love with my best friend (female)? my best friend (male) doesnt know that i'm in love with his gf? do i say to him the truth or not? please tell me your opinion coz i am very sad and i dont know what to do   :(:(:(:(:(:(anonymous17 months ago another thing to make sure of is if that person already has a lover because then you'll look like a foolnessen16 months ago I will try,But i'm not sureKiwi16 months ago Its all about how you approach the person.  Some friends already know you love them deep down and they just may be afraid to say something as well.  Its natural to fall for someone who makes you feel good.  I say go for it....sd16 months ago after reading this i am now sure that i will let her know how i feel about her. 3 years ago i felt the same way about the same girl but bottled up my feelings and ended up losing her to someone else. now shes single and weve become close again and i feel the same way i did about her 3 years ago. only difference is im going to tell her this time. her birthday is coming up and what im planning is to let her know in a letter.gwennies pen16 months ago Great hub, which I agree with wholeheartedly from personal experience.  It is best to weigh in the two sides scenario.  Be prepared if you share, that it may not go well and you are risking the chance of losing your friend.  But, true friendship...no matter what, will live on! Sometimes you just have to take the chance and just...do it! :)MikeNV16 months ago Seems strange to me as one usually defines a relationship in the beginning.OdugbesiNG15 months ago Great. However, things are not always the way we thought. The thought of what if his or her response is NO will not allow potential lovers to make advances.Misstikal115 months ago This is a good hub. Come to my hub to find ways to get closer to your love athttp://hubpages.com/hub/5-Ways-To-Help-Keep-Your-LSparkle_Lover14 months ago wow good advice for me lol a 13 eyar old gril needs to know this stuff ! ..love itD3nise13 months ago wow good advice 4  me[lol] at 11 years old girl needs 2 now this stuff..... luv itvannarith12 months ago it is rather difficult to me to say that directly to him or her. However, to get the people we love, we need to be brave.http://loveandjoke.blogspot.com/docrehab12 months ago I totally agree with you!grumble12 months ago i need to tell her but she's attractive and i'm not :(. i dont want to break her heart!foffle12 months ago im in the same place she's attractive im not but she shares everything with me and is really close to me and she just broke out of a relation when she found out the person she was with was cheating on her i dont quite know when to make my move can anyone help me out (brill hub page)Katerina12 months ago Im in love with a friend buh he lives in russian and im afraid to tell him because i have been in love with him my whole life since we were little :l we even talked about how when we get older we will get married and now im 16 and my feelings have been getting stronger with him i dont kno wuh to do :l iinf4m0usz.j3rkiin@hotmail.ruAnnie411 months ago This is a wonderful hub and I love the comment string. I guess a lot of people struggle with this dilemma. I have heard that it's impossible for a man and woman to be just friends...that there is always one or the other who is attracted. I don't know if that's true but I have found that sometimes people pretend to be just friends but have another agenda in mind. Thanks for a good read!MarygrauSheila11 months ago I will not forget what you said on this hub. Good research doneUrsula11 months ago I had an experience like that more than once and when I happened to be the surprised one I really felt betrayed, but when I was the one in love I just could not help it! I got so incredible nervous that my heart beat high rocketed to the point that I could not breath and I could not speak it but it was so obvious that once ended in a kiss and no questions were asked. However I had to decide among a friend forever or a probably short love story and I went for the friendship...!foffle rog11 months ago hi im posting again i told the my best mate that i loved her she felt really upset about it because she was going to say no but the 1 thing im most glad of is that i told her and that she's still my best mate and doesn't act any different with me i guess some things are just ment to stay the same..Vannarith11 months ago that is so true I am with a giy right now and I am in love with a nother a littel bet more and I dont now what to do.Mortgagestar111 months ago In the decades gone by, courtship was the idea of friendship evolving into loving the person and finally into falling in love. Hence, our great grandparents not only loved each other, but truely liked each other as well.During the Victorian Age, there were courtship furnishings designed to allow the couple to entertain each other without actually touching. This was like a chaperone type of device to keep the relationship proper and respectful.So, friends will tolerate and understand each other while respecting each others motives and feeling compared to couples who tend to be starry eyed romantics. Friends have commonalities as they share history and memories together. Friends will keep each other in check where the newly met lovers will have bruised feelings.American divorce rates of today would not have been imagined during the gilted age of the pre 1950's because our ancestors courtships were lengthy and time to avoid a life of misery. Today we have " starter marriges " and we are guided by lust expecting love to follow. men & women today having over a dozen different lovers prior to marriage is more common than ever before.Yes, we love our friends in a different way as we love our lovers and we can have both if we are cautious and wise.There are several types of love as family, your pet, a passion, friends ect..Eros is romantic, passionate, lovewhat Tennov labeled limerence. In this type of relationship, love is life's most important thing. Lee said a search for physical beauty or an ideal type also typifies this type of love.Ludus is a game-playing or uncommitted love. Lying is part of the game. A person who pursues ludic love may have many conquests but remains uncommitted.Storge (STORE-gay) is a slow developing, friendship-based loved. People with this type of relationship like to participate in activities together. Often storge results in a long-term relationship in which sex might not be very intense or passionate.Pragma is a pragmatic, practical, mutually beneficial relationship. It may be somewhat unromantic. A person who leans toward this type of relationship may look for a partner at work or where the person is spending time. Sex is likely to be seen as a technical matter needed for producing children, if they are desired.Mania is an obsessive or possessive love, jealous and extreme. A person in love this way is likely to do something crazy or silly, such as stalking. The movie Fatal Attraction was about this type.Agape (a-GOP-aye) is a gentle, caring, giving type of love, brotherly love, not concerned with the self. It is relatively rare. Mother Theresa showed this kind of love for impoverished peopleGo slow & be honest!Glenkelly869 months ago Nice reply, Mortgagestar. I personally value friendship very much and would like my love to be based ON top of friendship. So, I'm kind of Storge, but would like to take it to the next level :)The article here talks about considering the ramifications. What about:"I would be the happiest man if we could be in a relationship one day, but even if you don't want to I always want to stay your best friend." ?Atchizzle9 months ago My friend has help me out in the past with my depression and we have always been there for each other when in need,  now after 5 years of being great friends I have fallen in love with her. I think she loves me back I just can't seem to find the right words to say to her. We share our feelings, and she keeps talking to me about relationships. She also had asked 1 of her friends to ask me if I wanted to be more then friends but I wasn't completely sure of my emotions towards her.Rovelia Rose9 months ago im 14 and a couple weeks ago my friend fernando finds out he likes me and tell me right in front of me!So i just be silent and he does too,but after he said that he called me his bestfriend he ever had.......Amanda9 months ago hey.i am inlove with my very good friend and i think he loves me back i have heard from his friends and the way he behave towards me too.Buti used to have a relationship but he did not like it.But i am no more in the relationship anymore and we are now more close but he has not told me yet.What should i do?help me out.bojanglesk89 months ago Nice hub.Tyson9 months ago im 15 years old in high school, so i cant say that i have that much experience LOVING someone. i can honestly say that i would nearly have TWICE as many "girl friends" than i do "guy friends". i often find that because i am so confortable around girls and that i can get along with them so well, that when it comes to relationships alot of the people whom i WANT to love are off limits because they are my friends. in other words i always fall into the "friend zone". and one of the hardest things anyone can posibly do is tell a friend how much you love them. because you will never know if revealing your emotions will jedordise your relationship as friends. i suggest to everyone to always be honest in their relationships and to always tell people how you feel about them. because the longer you hide your emotions, the harder it is to let them out.leen9 months ago hello my name is leen i am 11 years old i am a girl i have a best friend called nada and we always have row how can i know if she love me or not ? i am so afraid to make the moveprincessa8 months ago hello i am 16 yrs old and  inlove with my very good friend.I just feel he loves me too and he gets jealous when boys approach me?thats just how i feel.But but he sent me a mail telling me he is dying in silence that was all but i dont know if he really loves me.And when i try asking him, he changes the topic.please help me out.i dont know what to do now.Diane8 months ago hello i have never been lucky in love.All the boys i have tried to date always disappoint me.Either they love me and i dont love him or the other way round.Please the last boy i had left me for another girl when i delayed to give him an answer.I gave him an answer meanwhile i did not know he was dating another girl.But when i found out, he denied it and asked me to trust him.I did but when i saw them with my own eyes,i was so disappointed.He said he still loved me so much.I stopped talking to him and i hated him so much.he then later asked me to forgive him that i did and i said i did not want to see him anymore.Have i made the right decision,i still loved him but the love is fading away.I have decided to forget abt him.And move on but theni feel that all boys are wicked.I dont know if i should love agin for now.What should i do to him?jay8 months ago i  m in love wid 1 o my closest friend but i m pretty much sure that she does not have any such feelings for me. my feelings for her is so intense that whenever i m near her i am speechless.solost8 months ago This has been pretty helpful..but I still have no idea what I should do. I've been friends with him for two years...even when I had a boyfriend, I still felt closer to him than my boyfriend. He texted me more than he did also, poses a greater interest in my day and tells me the funny things that happen in his day. I love him in a way that I have never felt and I know that deep down all I want is to tell him how I feel but I'm afraid of losing him. He's an unusual person..he's 18 and never had a girlfriend...which might not be unusual for some people but where we live it is. He's super intelligent and he's the funniest person I've ever met. I enjoy every moment I spend with him and I am never as happy and calm as I am when I'm with him. How could I sacrifice that?riley8 months ago man im in this situation and ive held it in for a year it sucks cuz im scared if i tell her then itll ruin the friendshipjake8 months ago i have been really good friends with a girl for 2 years now. We had know each other since grade 9 but really became good friends in grade 11 and we ended up going to prom together in grade 12. We spent nearly all our spare time together and became really close. this past year we both went off to different universities, and only saw each other on holidays, and brief visits. we really stayed in contact through skype and we shared everything. really she is the only person i tell everything except how much i really like her. shes my partner for everyactivit like mountain biking and skiing. she knows I like her, Ive drunkenly blurted it out so many times, but she doesnt take that seriously. Theres always those momments in our conversations where we puase, and stare at each others eyes, or when we end up just smiling at each other when I just want to tel her what i feel, but then theres other times that I get the feeling she doesnt feel the same way.Were both kinda werid havent really had long serious relationships with anyone, but weve bost lost good friend because we screwed up in this exact situation. I dont want to lose her and ruin our friendship, I would be awful for both of us. On the otherhand I think we would make a great couple,and I think would be a very long successful relationship. Finally, theres another problem. Shes goign to france to study aborad next year, so I wont see her for really long extended periods. I dont know what to do, but really this situation is a pain in the ass cuz right now, i cant do anything but think of her. waiting till she comes back will probably kill me, so i feel i shoud just tell herrose568 months ago I agree . Take it slow and easy dont rush.pager77 months ago Friendship sometimes develops so fast that, by the time seek to declare it, all the signs will be on the table. This a very good article.USMCwifey097 months ago My husband and I were best friends for five years before either of us gathered up the courage to say something to the other person. Even though we could have been together the whole time, those years provided an awesome foundation for our marriage. Great hub!princessa7 months ago hello i have never been lucky in love.All the boys i have tried to date always disappoint me.Either they love me and i dont love him or the other way round.Please the last boy i had left me for another girl when i delayed to give him an answer.I gave him an answer meanwhile i did not know he was dating another girl.But when i found out, he denied it and asked me to trust him.I did but when i saw them with my own eyes,i was so disappointed.He said he still loved me so much.I stopped talking to him and i hated him so much.he then later asked me to forgive him that i did and i said i did not want to see him anymore.Have i made the right decision,i still loved him but the love is fading away.I have decided to forget abt him.And move on but theni feel that all boys are wicked.I dont know if i should love agin for now.What should i do to him?And i dont really know  what to do right now.Pls help me out pls.I think i like him tooDiana7 months ago hello i am 16 yrs old and inlove with my very good friend.I just feel he loves me too and he gets jealous when boys approach me?thats just how i feel.But but he sent me a mail telling me he is dying in silence that was all but i dont know if he really loves me.And when i try asking him, he changes the topic.please help me out.i dont know what to do now.i think maybe i i am inlove with him too.But i dont know i fi should juts pretend like i dont care.I think he is trying to know me better.Should i just wait?Danny7 months ago Look I'm in love with my best friend as well Diana and I act a lot like the person you described that you're in love with and if you ask me you should sit down and talk about it cause he just doesn't have the balls to do Or himself. Besides if you tell him how you feel it'll make him happy but you're also making it easy for him so maybe just tell him indirectly. Maybe you can help me out? Lol ^_^"Danny7 months ago Definitely don't pretend like you don't!!judith7 months ago hello i really like a friend of mine very much but i dont think he too does feel thesame way.he uses a girl to make me jealouse and thats just it.Dieter Aschenbrenner7 months ago Hi,What a great topic. I've definitely been at a place where you have feelings for a friend, and it can be difficult to express that to them.There can be some simple ways to say it if you don't want to be direct about it and still maintain a good friendship.Some of our language is related to time, and is called 'temporal' language. Words like 'now', 'when', 'before', or 'after'. So you could use these words to relate the topic and put the pressure on the 'time' aspect, rather than the 'do you love me?' aspect.For example, let's say you're friends with someone you like, and you really want to date them. Instead of saying to them 'Susie, I really like you, will you go out with me on a date?' You could be really calm and easy going and make it into a joke, but a joke that reveals that you're interested. If you get rejected then you can always save face. But know that when it comes time to the crunch, if you are a man, you do need to step up and face rejection. So you could say 'so when are WE going to go out on a date?'In this sentence there is something else called a 'presupposition', which presupposes that you ARE going to go out on a date.This could shock your friend, but you can use it with humor and sense their reaction. Depending on their response you can then say, "well I think we should, because..." and then finish with something that makes them laugh, like 'because the moons are aligning with venus' or something silly that makes no sense whatsoever.If a girl then says "well I never knew you felt like that", then again you should always just be honest, because you've now let the cat out of the bag anyway so if you back down you will be considered unloving or weak. So just tell the truth in a lighthearted way.If you bring your attention to your heart as you speak then you will know what to say and when to say it.Also, you can try 'heart breathing' to increase the awareness of your heart so that when it does come time to saying those important things you know what to say.You will also increase your connection with your friends if you bring your attention to your heart as you speak because being in the head is being separate.I used the process of speaking and acting from the heart to find my dream woman, and now I enjoy such a deep and loving relationship so these tools are so powerful and I really love to share them with others.All the best,Dieter Aschenbrennerhttp://dietersonlinevideos.comshonda7 months ago 10 years we have been bestfriend in i think that am in love but dont know how to say it but also worried about  what people will think she she is a girl!!!! what should i doSteveoMc7 months ago I have had these intense feeling for a co-worker.  It is scary to say the least.   You have given good advice, you need a plan, courage, and a way to deal with each outcome.  I know that my affection could not be returned under the circumstances so I chose to keep the relationship as it was.Alan Choi6 months ago Difficult topic but I think you covered it well.  Thanks for sharing, I found it interesting. :)bd1609006 months ago interesting....I enjoyed thisfunanku6 months ago I agree with you. and take it slow and easy..don't speed up on a single day...Gonzo Pettelli6 months ago I've just told my best female friend that I love her. it didn't go to well she said that she can't think about it right now  but we are still good mates. I think if you love someone its always a good feeling to say so just tell them whatever they feel you still want to be friends. your feelings towards someone shouldn't ruin the relationship you have and you never know that might not have thought about you in that way but once you say it they could feel the same way in time you just have to so them that know matter what happens you will still be the friend and if you give it time things might spark between you. he's hoping.TheFallenAngel6 months ago Hello.I`m in love with my very best friend.We used to go to the same high school in the same class but few weeks ago I found out she is going to go to another school :(.I really really love her,and I don`t know does she love me back.I`m afraid if I tell her,that will affect on our friendship.But I think I`m going to tell her.I can`t keep it inside me anymore...Do you have any suggestions for me?Heyy6 months ago Well all I did was go to his house, knocked on the door he let me in and I told him and now we're living happily ever after. He took it pretty easy. He also had the same feelings as me...Oh, I'm so in love,...hilary5 months ago I  am in love  with  my  guy friend,  I  have  known  for over 12 years.I moved  to Va  a month ago  and  saw  on  Facebook  he  found  me, have  not  see/talk/ heard  from him in 5 years.  but  when  I  saw he  found  me, all  the  old  feelings  came back,  but then  again  they  never  left..  he  was  always  ojn  my  mind..when  should  I  say  how  I  feel,  I  am  not  going  to right  off the  bat,  I  want  to  get to know  him  agaim..   but  still..  when??  thanksArthur5 months ago I met this girl in a bus.since then we've been talking.but ive never had d courage of telling her.cause am afraid it might cost our friendship but all i do now is think about herRandom Dude Jake5 months ago Ok listen I'm 12 years old and I've known this girl since I was 5 years old and she's one of my best friend like were really good friends (we went to the same school since we were in kindergarten and still are) and I always kinda liked her but when I got older I really started to like her and so my gut instinct was to tell her how I feeledand so I didwell that was a good choice because now were probaly the greatest (premature) couple ever we kiss (on the lips oh yeah!!) and hug each other I swear were get like married. So I guess what I'm trying to say is follow your gut and your heart and it will pay off!!Confused!5 months ago I want to pose a question, do you think it's possible for someone to suddenly have romantic feelings towards a good male friend you've known for 3 or so years?This particular guy has had romantic feelings for me throughout the 3 years, but nothing has happened because i didn't see him in that way, i only saw him as a friend and nothing more. But it's been a month or so and i can't get him out of my head!!!I'm so confused!John4 months ago If you cant stop thinking about someone, it has to mean something. There is no point in hiding away and pretending and maybe wanting that feelings exist. Sometimes you just have to go with the flow and follow your gut feeling.nellieeee4 months ago DUDE, im so confused as well....ive been best friends with this guy for 4 years now, and through out the four years i have seen him as my brother... like a gay brother... we are so close... we talk 20 times a day, see each daily and share everything together... people always gave us crap for always looking like a married couple.. but there was NEVER ever any weird awkared moments .. we were always naturally just so close... then literrely, out of nowhere.... i started thinking about him more, and wanted to keep being with him, and keep wanting to hug him and hold on hand (we've always held hands) and i thought i would just ignore it, its just a phase.... its now been 3 months and im dying.... this last week has been so hard because i see him everyday, and everytime i see him.. i just want to cry.... it hurts so much i cant stop crying... and even thouugh we are closer than blood, i honestly am struggling figuireing out what the hell to do.... i dont want anything from him at all... no relationship, nothing... i just NEED to tell him because i cant pretend anymore, ive been sucking it up for 3 months and im reaching my breaking point.. but he means the world to me.. i cant lose my best friend :(Yelena4 months ago i think you should just tell your friend, because if your really close i think he will understand where you are coming from.KJ4 months ago I actually told my best friend how I felt to him, but sadly he did not love me more than friends. After that, I stopped talking to him immediately because he had a girlfriend(after I confessed around 1 month. I could not be his friend anymore because it is just too hard for me to see him and the one he loved.But it was not my intention to stop our friendship. And things changed, now we become a stranger to each other.It is pretty sad and painful. It took me years to get recover, it was one of the hardest times in my life. But finally, life goes on. I was always scared to love again since love hurts so much and I told myself that I would never fall in love with my best friend. But nothing in life can be predictable, I start to love my close friend again (another one) but this time I think I am not going to tell him anymore. I just learned from my experiences.But sometimes even though it is the same situation (like it repeats you again) but different person, maybe somehow you can try to tell that person even though in the past you failed. This time may not be the same result!!John Doe4 months ago Hi Guys. 'Am glad I found this article. It's past midnight here and I can't sleep. I am in the same boat as you guys. I am so in love with a  good friend that I work with. It's really painful. I can't concentrate when I'm in the office. I feel like my feelings would burst out of my chest like an alien if I don't tell her soon . But it's easier said than done. I know the stigma that would be attached to it if things don't go down as planned. The embarrassment, the office gossip, the prying eyes of my colleagues what should I do? This girl and I share a lot of secrets. We trust each other.I didn't have feelings for her before. It just happened. I just woke up one day with an intense feeling towards her. And now I can't shake it off. I know that she will feel betrayed if I tell her how I feel. But then again, is it not also a betrayal if I just suppress my feelings. Help me guys.Jane Doe4 months ago It is betrayal if you don't tell her.  It's never easy to be honest, but if she cares about you, whether she loves you back, it will make you more trustworthy.name can't be said4 months ago yh i love my bestfriend and i told him 10 mins ago he goin 2 have his dinner n ring me back 2 tell me the answer. really don't know what to expectDIANA4 months ago WOW I AM POSTING AGAIN.MY FRIEND AND I ARE NOW DATING.I DID NOT TELL HIM I LOVE HIM BUT I WAS JUST PATIENT AND HE TOLD ME HE THAT HE HAD BEEN IN LOVE WITH ME A LONG TIME AGO BUT WAS JUST WAITING FOR THE APPROPRIATE TIME TO TELL ME, THATS AFTER WE BOTH FINISHED OUR EXAM AND WE BOTH NOW VERY HAPPY TOGETHER AND WE ARE GOING TO THESAME HIGH SCHOOL TO GETHER.I AM REALLY HAPPY.THANKS EVERY ONE.gianna bieberr4 months ago im going into middle school wit my best guy freind and i think its time to tell him :D! lmaooMSal21854 months ago Love this hub! I've been in several situations like that I've found that these things always work themselves out. I did confess to my one friend a few years back, but the feelings weren't mutual and we remained friends (although now we've sort of gone our seperate ways). I always seem to be caught between friend and girlfriend so I definitely identify with this. Good luck to everyone out there! :)Jessierae234 months ago This is a really good article. I am unfortunatly in a situation with all this mess. I have been best friends with this guy for like 4 or 5 years. We had a rocky start. We hated eachother. And some how we became as close as i think two people can become without dating. We have been living together for the past year and a half. He let me stay with him after me and my bf broke up. About a month ago i realized that i had strong feelings for him. So i thought long and hard about it... Im such an impulsive person i decided i really should think long and hard about telling him how i felt. In the months time it took me to finally decide if i wanted to tell him, he started talking to a girl. I was like grief striken. He hasnt dated anyone in the 5 years we have been friends... So i didnt know how to handle all of it.. I told him that i liked him like 5  days ago... He doesnt feel the same way. At all. I was crushed. All i have been able to do is cry. I decided i should move out... But just the thought of it made me feel like i was dying. I couldnt eat, I couldnt think i was useless. So i asked if i could stay and he said yes. Hes such an awesome guy, and i think i may be stupid for staying around while hes pursuing someone else.... But hes my best friend and I love him.... Emotions are pointless.kingkhan784 months ago great information and very useful things sharing to hub page communityabc4 months ago I used to be in love with my best friend - I told him the day I celebrated my birthday, but he rejected me.I was heartbroken for over a year, but we remained and still are best friends. : )Itvmonkey4 months ago Hi I am confused too.. I've had a girl friend for 3 years and i have liked her from the moment I met her, I never told her though then she got a bf.Now her bf is being really nasty and atm he has dumped her. She sends me all these nice texts saying how she enjoyed seeing me etc and she asked for a picture of us 2. But I don't know if it's just friendship or whatShe's so pretty and I'm not so it's very scary. :(hunter4 months ago OK so told my friend i loved her we are very close friends we hang out alot but i don't no if i should of told her that i loved her because when i told her she hasn't talked to me seance and i don't no what to do can any one help me please here is my email just send me a massage if you no why she wont talk to me hunterfritts15@yahoo.comTyler4 months ago I think you have to tell rather than wai for signs they like you, in my case both of us where waiting for the other to show signs. Ans because we were both waiting...nothing happened. So just tell. :)livy4 months ago i am so confused. i love my best friend, and she acts as though she loves me back, but i can't read her mind. i don't want to tell her because i know i'll ruin our friendship, but there's things we do at sleepovers and when we hang out together that normal "friends" wouldnt do. both of us are perfectly fine with all that we do (lots of cuddling and other fluffy things like that) but i keep getting those telltale butterflies in my stomach every time i'm near her. the feelings have been gnawing at me for a while now, and i really want to get it off my chest. but the other thing is that a relation of this nature is unethical in my religion, and my dad will HURT me if he finds out i am any sexuality other than straight. should i tell her?Garrettmacdonald4 months ago My best friend is leaving for st avex university tm and tn is the last night I will get to see her for a very long time. For three years I have loved her more than anyone and I have never told anyone...not even my family.  At the same time ibwas best friends with her boyfriend and they came talking to me for advice when they were fighting...imagine trying to get the girl u secretly love more than anything and would give and sacrifice anything to be with back with her x boyfriend or my first cousin who she says is that guy she will always love...been crush by every girl I loved and each time it kept coming back to her...my heart melts when she's around and in my safest of days she is the only person who can make me smile and not feel like I'm worthless... And for one moment she actually told me she loved her best friend but couldn't tell him which was me...for that one moment in my life my heart stopped and felt like god had answered my prayers and I let it slip away and would give anything to have that chance back...I am turning 19 in a year and haven't had a girlfriend but I have nv cared more about someone...I miss her so much and she's sitting right beside me and just hugged me and told me how much she loves me and is going to miss me as her boyfriend calls her and she loves him more than anything in the world....I just want the pain to go away and be best friends foreverAnonymous4 months ago Thank you so much I found this very helpful. I am 14 and really needed to tel him how I felt. We are going on a walk next week and I am going to tell him at my favorite little waterfall he has never seen. If anyone has any further advice please let me know through your comments. Thanks again!!:)Jimmy S.4 months ago Well me and this girl are easily best friends I would say. Like we talk to each other about everything. We trust each other completely. It's just that I feel so comfortable around her and I like her so much as a friend, it's starting to become a little bit more than that. The problem is is that she has a boyfriend. Their relationship isn't THAT deep I don't think, but who knows what will happen. I mean, she even talks to me about all of the problems in her relationship. It's possible she may like me a little more than a friend at this point, but it's way too early to say. Bottom line, would it just be best to keep getting closer and see what happens from there?TheguyFromtown3 months ago I've know a girl literally all my life. I think of her every day so I know I love her. I just don't know how to tell her. I'm 14 & I kinda have a reputation of being "anti-girlfriend" so I just want to be "secreat lovers" with her, but I don't know how to explain that to her. Along with that I'm not exactly "beach matirial"(i'm fit but not real fit)  & she's BEAUTIFUL! I just want to know how to tell her how I feel. Any ideas?acne holistic3 months ago Great article. I know of several people who could benefit by checking this out. It happens often and many don't know how to handle it appropriately.DIANA3 months ago WOW I AM POSTING AGAIN.MY FRIEND AND I ARE NOW DATING.I DID NOT TELL HIM I LOVE HIM BUT I WAS JUST PATIENT AND HE TOLD ME HE THAT HE HAD BEEN IN LOVE WITH ME A LONG TIME AGO BUT WAS JUST WAITING FOR THE APPROPRIATE TIME TO TELL ME, THATS AFTER WE BOTH FINISHED OUR EXAM AND WE BOTH NOW VERY HAPPY TOGETHER AND WE ARE GOING TO THESAME HIGH SCHOOL TO GETHER.I AM REALLY HAPPY.THANKS EVERY ONE.Thanks Danny.I HOPE U ALL REMEMBER ME.HE IS NOW IN MY HIGH SCHOOL.OUR FIRST YEAR IN HIGH SCHOOL.AND GUESS WHAT? THESAME CLASS TOO.HMMM I DONT WANT HIM TO LEAVE MY SIGHT COS I REALLY DO LOVE HIM THOUGH I DONT REALLY MAKE HIM KNOW THAT I LOVE HIM SO MUCH.THANKSalway got the wrong guy3 months ago ive been in a few relationships and theve all ended like 'i just dont love you anymore' and junk and ive kinda gone off boys but one of my friend keeps telling me my bestfiend loves me and i dont know what to do im not beutifull im not ugly and he, well i dont know , if he told me loved me it would be akward cause we go to singing club together , and everybody says i should go out with another guy ive  seen him kindof upset when i talk or hug boydB-boy3 months ago i'm 16 and i've been in love with the same girl since i was 12. she turned me down 4 time over the past four years. I thought if i became her best friend, i'd be able to get her to like me over time. apparently, i was kind of right. In July, i told her that i really liked her and this time she didnt shoot me down. she said she liked me too but wanted to wait until our igcses were over. but somehow i kept screwing up in every corner that i kept hurting her in every possible way. i feel like such a dick, so yesterday night, i told her that it's better if i stay out of her life, cause i just dont want to hurt her anymore. she fought for me to stay, but as her best friend. i said i couldnt because... how can you expect a guy who's heart skips a beat every time he sees you, for him to be left breathless with every moment he spends with her, to be "just friends". that would never be enough for me. So i ended whatever we had. It's only been a day but im not sure if i did the right thing. i miss her alot already. i'm in love with her, genuinely in love with her.. i dont know what to do.Lolla3 months ago I am friends with him for 17 years.  I am finding very difficult that last 3 years to have him even close to me.  He is such a gentleman and a wonderful man.  I rather keep quiet than tose him as a friend.  Am I doing the right thing i will never know.what do you think i should do3 months ago ok im in 3rd year and i met this boy who is my friend best friend an ive only talked to him once with  once ,we talked for 2-3hours with my other friend and he hugs people ok and wenever he would try to go we would hug him so he would stay an he dun it to me ,and then out of random he started holding my hands and i got goosebumps and he said my hands were shaking and then my other friend said we looked cute together and well then i started to like him then again out of random he undid my tie and hugged me and  them he asked to swap ties and i said ok and then he hug me and went home and i dont know cause when he left i felt like there was something missing i dont know if its love or just him please tell me what u think i should doo?Sin man3 months ago I don't know what to either I have known this girl all my life and I did ask her once before but she kinda freaked out, that was 10 years ago, but she constantly tells me I am like her older brother, in the same sense we do a lot together we can talk about anything except I still can't manage to gather the courage to tell her, she is the type of person that is brutally honest and I know I am almost the perfect type of guy she is looking for, she constantly tells me she always has the best time doing things with me. Should I take those as signs or still ponder about her telling me I am like her older brother and just stay friends?fiddler3 months ago same problem here. she is my best friend since we were in 3rd yr high school. i'm afraid to ruin our relationship.i'm very confuse and sad right now. i wish she will see this.its the friends3 months ago ask the girl or boys friend  they will ask them XDanother inlove3 months ago Get them into you before you say anything, to think of you as more then just a friend.jaan3 months ago hi....same problem here...i like my friend very very much but how can express it to her?do any one knows then please tell me....jaan3 months ago hi,i am adan...12 years old...i am a girl,hope u all r fine and your problems had been solved....i have a problem...actually i have a friend named sarah...i like her very very much but how can i express my feelings to her?if anybody knows then please tell me...u all r my friends too...love u all...best regards...God bless u...i will pray to God to solve your problems...bu bye...please reply if any one knows...can i help u as a good friend?3 months ago hi..i think that sin man,sorry i dont know your name...but i think that u should express your feelings to your friend...then u will know that what she actually thinks about you....you should have faith in your self so i think you will soon know that what u should do?ok good luck for you...Silentkid3 months ago Just another teenager here with love problems as usual haha..well first things first, I'm in live with this girl, seriously in love...24/7 I think about her, I spend my nights thinking about how I can make her smile or laugh the next day, I stay up late because idk if she's gonna call upset..everytime I see her I lose my breath and whenever she smiles it seems like everything goes away and the only thing I can focus on is her. I always compliment her, and she gets mad at me for it but she's just the most beautiful girl I've ever seen. She's my closest friend too,we sent 800 txts to each other in the course of 2 weeks, I'm addicted what can I say? I just know she doesn't look at me the way I do her, and it kills me so much, I almost called her up after reading these experiences and told her. I just can't risk it right now though because in a way I depend on her, I need her to be there for me and I don't think I'll be able to go on if our friendship ends....love is confusing s.m.s save my soul HELP3 months ago well i dont know what to do i like this boy and hes not perfect im not even a wee bit i really like him i mean hes really funny and hes just i dont know its like whenever we laugh i feel soo happy and today i say him at interval and we just talked then after we went to the shop and laughed more . And wenever he leaves i get a wee bit sad u know ... I dont think he likes me in that way i just ,wish he knew god ,grr and one of the worst parts is he like really bad and im good inisint and sweet i get told , and hes the opistit and ...i think...i...truley...love him :(  but i dont want my heart broken and... Well ive never ever kissed some one  properly ...:&be cOooL....3 months ago hi....actually i  think dat u all shld definately tell to ur partners dat u r in luv....cuz u hv to b brave if u really hv strong feelings 4 sum1...dat is y u can do anything cuz everything is possible but v r nervous n confusing.......n dont b afraid abt ur relationships,just do it n hope 4 da best.......kyun k agar nhi kiya to kbi b kuch nhi kar pao gai...so gd luck...bu bye...luv u all...take care,best regards...ur friendKatrina gill........ohhey3 months ago yesterday, my best friend's girlfriend dumped him. he came to me for support. i am absolutely stuck in the friend zone. all he can tell me about is how much he loves her.we grew up together and i had a crush on him since first grade. he's liked me since kindergarten, before he met this girl. we didn't know either one liked the other until they started going out.a year later, she dumps him. and i've loved him for four years. i can't even begin to know what to do. and i have no idea why i think anyone out here can help, but it's a shot.alishaneuron3 months ago Really interesting read to your best write content and nice hub.Crappy Luv Of A Stupied Brain3 months ago I just gave my old best friend which is now my new best friend (we grew up together and havent talked for a year but now we have class together so were starting to talk alot more about things) a note that said I liked them and asked them if they ever thought of me more then a friend. It had yes or no. Right now he has the note and I didn't get it back yet. Do you think he will be mad if its NO do you think I screwed up or was moving to fast because I had to ask him to our dance which we went together but still. Hes really shy. I herd his best friend twice tell me he likes me but that was about 5 months ago. We flirt but we don't do anything else. We have each others phone #. My mom thought was the one that told me to write the note just to get it out there.Anonymous3 months ago This article is really cute, and i read some of these comments and they're pretty funny... and pathetic.  All of you need to learn about something called the "ladder theory", which simply states the fact that men and women cannot be friends.  At least from a guys perspective.  Women put men on this hypothetical ladder and if the man is on the friendship ladder, he pretty much has a 0% shot to become a boyfriend, but the man may also be on the "relationship" ladder, which means the women is interested in him.  Theres almost no way to know which ladder you're on, and all you guys out there, if you're in love with your "best friend" and she's a female, then there's only ONE reason why you consider her your friend and that's because you have another agenda for her - you want her as your girlfriend.  Grow a pair of balls, and tell her you like her, and play it cool if she rejects you.  IF she does reject you, move on, stop hanging out with her, she's become a waste of your time.  No point in chatting with a girl who you want as more than just a friend, you're only hurting yourself, so suck it up, and just tell her that you cannot just be friends because you're always going to want more.  To the women reading this, stop being so scared of "ruining the friendship", because let me tell you something, guys feel flattered to have a girl tell them they like them, it boosts our ego and makes us feel better.  If we don't return the feelings, it's simply because you're not high enough on our ladder. Oh, and guys have only ONE ladder for women - and we size you up based on looks.  IF we say we want to remain friends, that's because you're either: 1) Fat or ugly  2) there's a hotter girl we're interested in, or 3) we're gay.  Anyways, my message is, don't delay and stop crying about your feelings, just do something about it.  And of course, prepare for rejectiongreta3 months ago niceKirsti3 months ago ive been in a relationship wiht my best guy friend before, and we broke up , bc he was in lovw wiht another girl, and it hurt me, but now he is with another girl, and he wants to breka up wiht her, bc he is in love wiht me again but he doesnt kow how to tell her its over, bc she REALLLLLLLLy likes him...so, im waiting for him, bc im in love with him..we've been BEST FRIENDS since the first day of kindergarten, and have always had classes together too(: ?luv is sumtimes difficult2 months ago hey guys,same prblm here....actually i hv a cozn of my age n he luvs me alot bt i am in luv wid sum1 else,so wht shld i do plz tell me...plz...Thomas2 months ago It's actually quite simple! just tell him that you like someone else, or you can say "i'm just not interested, sorry" your problem is easily solvable not like mine... I am in love with my best friend, (she a girl, i'm a boy) and suddenly she just sort of dissappeared. Like i never really see her, but when i last saw her she had the biggest smile ever and waved at me, we didn't get to talk or anything but the problem is that i met her father and i think he forbid her from seeing me, because he thinks she likes me, everyone in my city thinks she likes me! but i like her... I know i should simply tell her, it's the most forward and honest thing to do, but... I need to get her away from her friends (they follow her around like a group of cats around a can of tuna) so i need to get them away, keep away my friends, meet her somewhere, keep family (hers and mine) away, and muster up the courage. Any tips? any at all? please share.love sucks2 months ago well i have a prblem a really bad one well im in love with 2 people ,..thats the ok part but there both emos not the ones that die there hair the ones who arehappy then sad and ....they cut them selfs ...and well they say ...well one says you make me soo happy ure laugh ure smile and the other says u make me not want to die and im just soo confuced and another bad part imnot an emo :@ please help anybody ? Pleasei wrote2 months ago ok im from london and ive rote alwaysgotthewrongguy andwhat do you think i should do and  love is confusing sms save my soal help and love suck so wat im tryin to say is im jesica welsh and i love john rileyTreesong2 months ago Hi I like my best friend ( he's a guy I'm a girl) and I have known him since preschool. Our families are really close, his mom is on MY speed dial, ( he doesn't have a phone) I want to tell him, but we don't see each other much. I only see him at school maybe once a week and at piano lessons, so we haven't really talked since summer. He shows signs of liking me.  I've heard it from his friends and mine. I'm worried it might be awkward if I just told him after that long time of not talking. And how should I tell him anyway? Don't give me any discouragement.  I'm telling him by the end of this year. PLEASE RESPOND.Sharlyn1232 months ago ii Really think this is good imformation.I feel in love with mah bestfrandd & even though he felt the same way;doesnt mean that it coulndt of been the other way around.he could of not seen me like that;bhut he did & ii was gald he did & now we share ah love'n life together me him & our daughter Kylie she's so beatiful bhut anyway thanks & love what your telling ppl this stuff really works.!Deccan Chargers2 months ago total awesome and beautiful hub ..... good job kathryn .....M.B.2 months ago dang i needed that 2 years ago :pexperienced2 months ago i think that if you and your best friend are really true friends, then confessing something like that shouldn't be difficult at all...and if you confess and they don't feel the same, then it shouldn't make things awkward, and if you tell your best friend that you're in love with them and they feel the same,then lucky for you:) it should never be awkward, for you...Anonymous 2 months ago I had a very good good friend. Who I love. Very much. And have done for at least 2yrs. A year and a half ago I told him how I felt. He wa only flattered, an never ever changed how he was with me. And since then our friendship has only grown stronger. I still, deep down love him as a little more than a friend. But I'd rather have him in my life as a very good friend than not at all. And although it hurts sometimes I know I did the right thing. So just suck it up, and let them know...it might not always work out the way you want...but sometimes it's for the best.jesusfreak442 months ago i think this is true but you must always be careful on how you come across. I have been freinds with a guy for a really long time and i do love him very deeply, i dont want to lose his friendship. he's my world but i dont want tp run the risk of losing him.17 yr old guy8 weeks ago so ive known this girl for some time now, i went to school with her and graduated with her, i hang out with her and its our last year in high school. ive always had feelings for her, and im sure she knows. should i tell her?xyz8 weeks ago I want my best friend to love me..:)He used to consider me as his only best friend...I confessed my feelings..it turned out..he didn't have...but still keeps in touch with me..i guess he wants me as his friend...and i bet..there's no 1 like me in his life :)..i was his best buddy uptill now :)but now things are not like before :( ..he isn't frank anymore..no calls..just texts :(friendship has become veryy formal...but i love him to pieces..hez a real good guy. gentlemanHe is my message buddy [sad :-( ]....and so its hard on my side to make him love me....being long distance.. Neither he is ever keen on meeting me often..e1 if we stay like half an hour away :-(Besides.....he is always conscious about his image in my eyes....even a slight critic from me....hurts him to the core...wasn't it a sign of love ?? but then y didn't he ever pay any attention to my invitations of hanging out ?? Just once or so...but it never happened..Very busy person he is..but still ..even an affort was never there..i haven't seen him since a year and a half....and he doesn't even remember my face..( I repeat..we stay just half an hour away!)...But I feel I resemble the woman he would like to have besides her...i want to give it a real good try...:)please pleas helpMike H8 weeks ago hey, like everyone here, i have a friend i'm in love with. (i'm a guy she is a girl) we have been friends for years, and we are at the same college, and next year we are going to uni together, i really want to let her know how i feel, but i dont wanna ruin things between us, and i dont wanna ruin the fact we are going to uni together. in my eye's she is perfect in every way, i wouldn't want anyone elce other than her, i just dont want to loose her is all, if anyone can help, please email me with guidence at michael_hartley_1912@hotmail.com i'd really be greatful if someone were to help me :)JACQUELINE7 weeks ago Its so hard.. loving your mate hurts like hell .Mikey6 weeks ago Hey I'm a guy and 15 and I'm in love with a girl who is a friend of mine and one of my sisters best friends. I love her so much and I realy want to tell her but I'm not sure if she likes me back. I do think she likes me because she laughs at what I say but then again I am realy funny and fun and eveyone laughs at what I say and do but idk because it seems to me that she acts different with me. She's a little quite and shy but extreamly fun to be with when she's with som1 she knows. And when we are together it seems like she looks for things to talk to me about and I answer back normal not nervous and she listens like she is very interested in what I am saying. Also one time I ignored her like I wouldn't say hi because I thought she knew I liked her and I thought she thought I was weird but after like 2 weeks of not saying hi she approched me and lately she has been coming to me a bit but I'm not sure because she is older than me and I'm not sure about her feelings toward dating a younger guy. Please help me I love her for real and I'm positive it's true love and also I want to get closer to her to make it easier to tell her please help me.Rick6 weeks ago this have been very helpful and btw jesusfreak44 you should tell him and if he cares for you he will not change to you he will be as allways i kno that for a FACT....uvw6 weeks ago hey "xyz" sorry they were a lot msg's so i skip some including yours which is the one that more resembles to mines i wish i had spend more time with here while it was possible not it's very hard cause I'm in other country she is at my home country and I'm at the U.S i wish i could spend time with her and tell her how i feel about her by the way have you tell him how you fell about him i fell you should if he is your best friend he will stay the same and act the same towards you..... K.I.Tstuck5 weeks ago right here goes, im in love with a female friend of mine, we're nt 'best' friends but we're quite close, i'd say she's my best girl friend anyway.I have no idea how she feels though, she hasn't dropped any obvious hints but i've caught her looking and messing with her hair but these signs are notoriously hard to read.Another complication is that I suspect her best friend(a girl) has feelings for me, she's pretty much said so but kept it in a joking manner.My predicament is as follows:a)how do I tell her? just come out and say 'I like you' or subtly drop hints she might not cop?b)what if she says no to protect her friend(who I have zero interest in) how would why she's really saying no?c)if she likes me how do both us manage to avoid hurting our friend's feelings?freakingidiot5 weeks ago So many of your stories round up my experiences. I waited to long and than you are in the friendshiptrap.After over 5 years I fell in love again, and again with a girl Im starting to have of close friendship. to make things more complicated she is 15yr younger and she is working together with me.It all started 3 months ago and I just thought she is really cute but there are to many younger better looking guys interested in her. So I disregarded her as a potential girlfriend. In the meantime we got closer and closer..We sms and chat everyday but the one topic boyfriend/girlfriend we exclude...We still never went out together but we drove many miles together and its really amazing how we are connected she seems to me as a perfect soulmate.Now my question:We go out together next wednesday to a concert should I try to see what happens when I make a move there or should I approach the topic in a more private setting for example a walk or dinner??cheerscomments are well appricicatedElena4 weeks ago My best guy friend has loved me for three years while I was in an abusuve relationship. I never felt the same but he waited for me. He says he is sure he has always been sure of his feelings. Im out of my relationship with my ex. He would take a bullet for me and I would do the same for him. Everyday I fall deeper in love with my best friend. The friendship only strengthened our bond. In time I get to tell him that yes, I love him too. Life works itself out in the end. Why not tell the person you love the truth.geno4 weeks ago So many of your stories round up my experiences. I waited to long and than you are in the friendshiptrap.After over 5 years I fell in love again, and again with a girl Im starting to have of close friendship. to make things more complicated she is 15yr younger and she is working together with me.It all started 3 months ago and I just thought she is really cute but there are to many younger better looking guys interested in her. So I disregarded her as a potential girlfriend. In the meantime we got closer and closer..We sms and chat everyday but the one topic boyfriend/girlfriend we exclude...We still never went out together but we drove many miles together and its really amazing how we are connected she seems to me as a perfect soulmate.Now my question:We go out together next wednesday to a concert should I try to see what happens when I make a move there or should I approach the topic in a more private setting for example a walk or dinner??i would say do it in a more privat seting wenh there are no distractions because it would be kinda odd when you guys are on a friend date and she dosnt know how you feel..long story short do it on a walk! trust me:)..let me know how it turns out>theseus3 weeks ago a nice hub.its really hard to be inlove with your bestfriend.considering that the foundation you share is friendship, you always have this fear that you will lose the friensdhip that it took years for both of you to establish. good thing if both of you feels the same thing. the problem is when you don't.that's the risk you have to take.afzal 3 weeks ago We go out together next wednesday to a concert should I try to see what happens when I make a move there or should I approach the topic in a more private setting for example a walk or dinner??i would say do it in a more privat seting wenh there are no distractions because it would be kinda odd when you guys are on a friend date and she dosnt know how you feel..long story short do it on a walk! trust me:)..let me know how it turns out>theseus 26 hours agoa nice hub.its really hard to be inlove with your bestfriend.considering that the foundation you share is friendship, you always have this fear that you will lose the friensdhip that it took years for both of you to establish. good thing if both of you feels the same thing. the problem is when you don't.that's the risk you have to take.freakingidiot 3 weeks ago Cheers, for the tips,I waited for the right moment when we went home from the concert ( during a walk).My feelings were right she also has feelings for me but the age difference seems a problem.  Now, Im confused because it takes so long for her to make up her mind. I try not press to much but this situation is pretty frustrating but she is defenitly worth waiting for....George2 weeks ago Met this girl at uni and at the time she had a boyfriend but I fancied her when I first saw her and didn't know about her boyfriend.Quite randomly we lived together for our second year of uni, during which time we got really close as friends and I had no romantic feelings towards her as I knew she loved her boyfriend and I got on really well with him too.After a bit of alcohol she was always very flirty and always said if she wasn't with her fella when she met me we'd be together.Since then we've just been good friends reallybut not really speaking regularly.She text me again on a night out to see if I was ok, at 3 in the morning??? I text back the next day and we got talking again and arranged to meet her and boyfriend for lunch as I now have a job ony 45 minutes from her.She cancelled it because her fella told her he doesnt want a relationship any more. Since then she's been texting me more and more but always says she wants to enjoy single life. But I'm finding myself really starting to fall for her. I know I shouldnt aswe really are such good friends and I couldn't take losing her in my life, but at the same time my heart is telling me I will never fall for someone like I have done for her. And when I try and talk myself out of it I just find more reasons why we shuld be together.We both have the same philosophies on life and our personalities just match perfectly.I know she is planning to move out in a years time and as am I, we're both looking to move to the same area, coincidently, we even have the same idea for when we want kids and how many.Everything points to we should be together but trying to read signs from girls is like drawing blood from a stone to me.We currently live about 60 miles apart now so the first yearwil be a real test until we can move in together and we've only been out for lunch and shopping just once since we've got close again and I really don't know what to say when we go out for lunch again.Edward12 days ago im in love with my best friend her name is catherine she know that i like her but i dont think she know that im in love with her. i dont no if i should tell her coz i dont want to lose her what should i do?Random guy10 days ago I've been in love with my best girl friend for almost 4yrs and we've known each other for 13yrs nw. Da problem is I was too scared to tell her bak thn and I thot I cud handle being jst frends bt 3yrs ago she gt married and she made me go to her wedding as she wasn't aware I loved her, dat was the most painful day of my life. And nw wer still bestfrends bt my feelings for her hasn't changed or it even stronger than b4. I dnt knw wat to do anymre. Sme advice wud b great. Email me at dom_849@yahoo.comSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites100Kathryn Vercillo3544 Followers904 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by Kathryn VercilloFollow Kathryn VercilloSubscribe to Kathryn Vercillo's RSS feedAnswers The QuestionHow to tell a close friend you're in love with themasked by hubpages 3 years ago6 answersAnswer this question Ask a QuestionAsk Kathryn Vercillo a question based on this Hub.Questions Asked on this Hubwhat happens your friend write a love letter to a guy you like to help you tell how you feel...asked by Bella Smith 15 7 days ago1 answerAnswer this questionwhat is your favorite dish ?asked by ASHISH mandal 3 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsHow to tell a close friend you're in love with themby Earth AngelWhen Friendship Becomes A Relationshipby Sarah MassonHow To Tell When A Guy Is Playing Youby R PseudomenHow To Say I LOVE YOUby relachewhen to tell your partner you like to dress in womans...by pauls_boatFriends With Benefits Adviceby R Pseudomen From Friendship to Relationship ForumTopicRepliesPositive interest but never speaks openlyposted by BeyondLove6friendposted by Akampurira Robert4Mr. Right or Mr. Right-Nowposted by godpreacher26Post a new topic4 more topics Tagslove relationships communication friendship tell a friend you love them Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.121 sec)  working