My Parents Were Executed Under the Unconstitutional Espionage Act -- Here's Why We Must Fight to Protect Julian Assange // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 85Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 29, 2010| 45 commentsMy Parents Were Executed Under the Unconstitutional Espionage Act -- Here's Why We Must Fight to Protect Julian Assangesource: http://Change.orgAn error occurred while setting up video display.gerardange added thisThe Espionage Act is a huge danger to our open society; it's been used to send hundreds of dissenters to jail just for voicing their opinions, transforming dissent into treason.  ====================================================================Rumors are swirling that the United States is preparing to indict Wikileaks leader Julian Assange for conspiring to violate the Espionage Act of 1917. The modern version of that act states among many, many other things that: Whoever, for the purpose of obtaining information respecting the national defense with intent or reason to believe that the information is to be used to the injury of the United States causes the disclosure or publication of this material, could be subject to massive criminal penalties. It also states that: If two or more persons conspire to violate any of the foregoing provisions  each of the parties to such conspiracy shall be subject to the punishment provided for the offense which is the object of such conspiracy. (18 U.S. Code, Chapter 37, Section 793.)I view the Espionage Act of 1917 as a lifelong nemesis. My parents were charged, tried and ultimately executed after being indicted for Conspiracy to Commit Espionage under that act.The 1917 Act has a notorious history. It originally served to squelch opposition to World War I. It criminalized criticism of the war effort, and sent hundreds of dissenters to jail just for voicing their opinions. It transformed dissent into treason.Many who attacked the law noted that the framers of the Constitution had specifically limited what constituted treason by writing it into the Constituton: Treason against the United States shall consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort (Article III, section 3). The framers felt this narrow definition was necessary to prevent treason from becoming what some called the weapon of a political faction. Furthermore, in their discussions at the Constitutional Convention they agreed that spoken opposition was protected by the First Amendment and could never be considered treason.It appears obvious that the Espionage Act is unconstitutional because it does exactly what the Constitution prohibits. It is, in other words, an effort to make an end run around the Treason Clause of the Constitution. Not surprisingly, however, as weve seen in times of political stress, the Supreme Court upheld its validity in a 5-4 decision. Although later decisions seemed to criticize and limit its scope, the Espionage Act of 1917 has never been declared unconstitutional. To this day, with a few notable exceptions that include my parents case, it has been a dormant sword of Damocles, awaiting the right political moment and an authoritarian Supreme Court to spring to life and slash at dissenters.It is no accident that Julian Assange may face a conspiracy charge just as my parents did. All that is required of the prosecution to prove a conspiracy is to present evidence that two or more people got together and took one act in furtherance of an illegal plan. It could be a phone call or a conversation.In my parents case the only evidence presented against my mother was David and Ruth Greenglasses testimony that she was present at a critical espionage meeting and typed up Davids handwritten description of a sketch. Although this testimony has since been shown to be false, even if it were true, it would mean that the government of the United States executed someone for typing.But the reach of conspiracy is even more insidious. It means that ANYONE with whom my parents could have discussed their actions and politics could have been swept up and had similar charges brought against them if someone testified that those conversations included plans to commit espionage. Thus, the case against my parents was rightly seen by many in their political community of rank and file Communist Party Members as a threat to them all.Viewing the Wikileaks situation through this lens, it becomes apparent why the government would seek to charge Assange with conspiracy. Not only Assange, but anyone involved in the Wikileaks community could be swept up in a dragnet. Just as in my parents case, the prosecutors could seek to bully some involved into ratting out others, in return for more favorable treatment. This divide and conquer approach would turn individuals against each other, sow the seeds of distrust within the broader community, and intimidate others into quiescence.This kind of attack threatens every left wing activist. I urge all progressives to come to the defense of Julian Assange should he be indicted for violating the Espionage Act of 1917.http://www.alternet.org/rights/149345/my_parents_were_executed_under_the_unconst...'s_why_we_must_fight_to_protect_julian_assange?page=entiregroups:News, News and Politics, US Politics, Collective Journalism, Law and Justice, Broadcasting 2 moretags:Government,Human Rights,Espionage,Freedom,Wikileaks,Fascism,Freedom of Speech,FEMA,Government Corruption,Freedom of the Press,Government Eavesdropping,Totalitarianism,fema camps,McCarthyism,freedom of thought,FREEDOM OF THE PRESS 2010,Espionage Act of 1917,Espionage Act 14 morerecommended by:Vierotchka |45 comments// My Parents Were Executed Under the Unconstitutional Espionage Act -- Here's Why We Must Fight to Protect Julian Assangehide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+3nkeg87http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hl4NlA97GeQMy favorite video of 2010. And heres a link to a really good open letter to those that have incited murder against Assange. http://wlcentral.org/node/725 10 days agoflag  reply+5PirateSauceYou can't bring a guy like this down when he has so much support... that is the power that WE have together. 10 days agoflag  reply-6MrMxyzptlkMaybe mommy and daddy shouldn't have sold secrets to the Soviets...  Then they'd still be alive.  Bad call on their part.  As for Assange, who really gives a shit what they do to him? 10 days agoflag  reply+4adamvelvetu  MrMxyzptlk:Well, I think some of the author's point is that the evidence presented (against his mother at least) was a little weak and their conviction may have been more owed to the red scare climate of the time. I also don't want to defend a sentence that presents the illusion of safety and leaves a child parent-less. I think we should all care about what happens to Assange because he provides a forum for whistleblowers. If we truly support freedom it would stand to reason to support him. 10 days agoflag  reply+3Vierotchka  MrMxyzptlk:Who gives a shit about what they would like to do to Assange? Every single decent human being. 10 days agoflag  reply-3MrMxyzptlk  adamvelvetu:Well, it was the wrong time to be playing at espionage.  Sucks to be them.  Same deal for Assange.  He's playing at spymaster when the US has no room for that kind of games.  He's going to get a good old smackdown and there aint shit anyone can do about it. 9 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  Vierotchka:Why?  He's a creepy little man who wants to be famous for this.  Why give a shit about him, he's getting all the attention he could ever want.  And maybe some that he's not so happy about. 9 days agoflag  reply0adamvelvetu  MrMxyzptlk:I think there's an inherent attractiveness to being dismissive..."Well, they had shit luck. Get over it." The same can also be said for wanting to talk tough but neither comes from a position of power. 9 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  adamvelvetu:When dealing with governments you never are in a position of power. 9 days agoflag  reply+3gerardange  MrMxyzptlk:Hey MrMxyzptlk....  Ever thought about looking in the mirror...?  Because.... You're a little creepy man.!      It is real easy to sit around in your underwear on your big fat ass and fling negative jabs from your computer all day and night...  Yah that the way to do it!  Just make rude comments about everything! Regardless if you have zero knowledge or  all the facts on any subject you comment on... Blah... blah... blah...  Ask Yourself....  What decent thing have you "ever done" with your life that even comes close  on a global level to try and stop corruption????   To try and make the world a better place?   Which Julian Assange has done.  You can try and insult him saying this and that and anything else that comes out of your mouth.. !  But it still gets down to...    What have you ever done...?  WHAT...  HAVE... YOU... EVER... DONE... ON... A...GLOBAL LEVEL?Maybe you should do more listening and less talking... you might learn something.Hey MrMxyzptlk...    Live by example... not by  JUST EMPTY BS. 9 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  gerardange:I look in the mirror all the time.  Handsome features such as mine don't happen naturaly, one must attend to the fine details to maintain such a divine appearance.  Assange is an attention seeking doofus.  He's getting the attention he wants now.  He isn't trying to save the world, he's just trying to get all the fame he can manage.  It's sad that we have so few people in this world worth lookng up to that a guy like Assange has to fill in as a hero for you. 9 days agoflag  reply+1artemis6  MrMxyzptlk:"attention seeking doofus " Really ? Could be a case of projection , methinks . 8 days agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  artemis6:I'm not the one whose face is plastered on Time and Newsweek for telling everyone things that others tried to keep secret.  You know who Assange reminds me of?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPCLB-XC4p8 8 days agoflag  reply-6unclecharlieHmmm.....let's all rush to defend an accused rapist and molester now doing time under house arrest. Makes sense, eh? 10 days agoflag  reply+4adamvelvetu  unclecharlie:Wow. I just don't think that the charges are quite what they're made out to be by the American media. Besides, assuming he is guilty I don't think anybody is sticking up for his right to rape but rather his free speech. 10 days agoflag  reply+3Vierotchka  unclecharlie:He didn't rape or molest anyone, and he isn't "doing time". He is being held pending a decision on extradition. He hasn't been charged with any crime, not even in Sweden. 10 days agoflag  reply+2CaptSutter  unclecharlie:guilty until proven innocent? They haven't even charged him yet. "There but for the grace of God..." 10 days agoflag  reply+2tommicI'll worry when my calls for social upheaval bring the government down on me, but I doubt that will happen. People can dissent, harbor views that are diametrically opposed to what the government does here and unless you've either really done something wrong or had unscrupulous friends who are on alist your not going to be prosecuted. To reflect back on 1917 is a stretch, times were different.  I think I'll change my screen name to tommy che lol 11 days agoflag  reply+1Napalm_Bombi need a drink. 11 days agoflag  reply+3lookatmypixTo everyone:Please sign the petition to bring back Wikileaks http://www.thepetitionsite.com/1/bringbackwikileaks/ 11 days agoflag  reply+1artemis6  lookatmypix:Done , Lookatmypix ! 11 days agoflag  reply+1lookatmypix  artemis6:Thank you! 10 days agoflag  reply+3jeffreyakCan i,  VOTE TWICE? 11 days agoflag  reply+4KSirysThe great US of A....  how about we start hanging people and cut their hands if they don't pay their taxes??  We should become another China! 11 days agoflag  reply0PzLuvHappeniz  KSirys:USA! USA! USA! HURRAY FOR FLAGS, FREEDOM, DEMOCRACY, AND THE AMERICAN WAY OF LIFE!!! (also hurray for a constitution upon which the nation was founded being metaphorically shit on by fascist government officials grabbing for power while silencing dissenters) 11 days agoflag  reply0adamvelvetu  KSirys:Yeah, I feel that within the past couple of decades we've entered some kind of race to the bottom contest and we'll be damned if Iran, China, or anyone else is gonna beat us there. 11 days agoflag  reply+8jubalThe Espionage Act is a political law designed to be used on someone who has an opposing political view. It should be abolished. 11 days agoflag  reply+7gerardangeRobby at  2More About the Author: Robert MeeropolThe Rosenberg Fund for Children was started by Robert Meeropol, who was orphaned at age six when both his parents, Ethel & Julius Rosenberg, were executed at the height of the McCarthy Era in the electric chair by the US Government.http://current.com/1r8kt4c 11 days agoflag  reply+2jubal  gerardange:They were characters in the miniseries "Angels in America".Meryl Streep played Ethel...and in this clip she comes back from the dead to pray for the attorney who convicted her while he is dying of AIDS.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4H0Fi83wEWk 11 days agoflag  reply0artemis6Voted up . 11 days agoflag  reply+13CalgarCJulian has been doing the world one hell of a favor :D 11 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  CalgarC:Agreed +^d 11 days agoflag  reply+4gerardangehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mM4_gzzznHIThe Rosenberg Fund for Children Story 11 days agoflag  reply+7gerardangeMy parents, Ethel & Julius Rosenberg ...............................More About the Author:   Robert MeeropolMy name is Robert Meeropol, but I was born Robert Rosenberg. When I was three, my parents, Ethel and Julius Rosenberg, were arrested and charged with giving the secret of the Atomic Bomb to the Soviet Union. When I was six, the government executed my parents at the height of the McCarthy era. Now, more than fifty years later, I can sense the same chill winds that wreaked havoc on my life and many others, once again sweeping our nation.In recent years, we have witnessed the most rapid and widespread erosion of our civil liberties since the 1950s. Those who speak out in opposition to our criminal war abroad and the growing repression at home are condemned as traitors and treated as enemies of the state.These conditions are familiar to anyone who lived through the anti-communist hysteria of the 1950s. After my parents arrests, my relatives were so frightened of being associated with "communist spies" that they refused to take me into their homes. First I lived in a shelter. Later I lived with friends of my parents in New Jersey, but I was thrown out of school after the Board of Education found out who I was. After my parents' execution, the police even seized me from the home of my future adoptive parents, and I was placed in an orphanage.Bad as this was, it could have been much worse. As I grew older, I came to realize the debt I owed to so many generous individuals whom I never met, but who rallied to my support. As a result of their collective efforts and generosity, I grew up in a loving household and flourished in the supportive environment provided by child-oriented progressive institutions.In 1990 I figured out how I could repay the community that helped me survive. I initiated the Rosenberg Fund for Children to find and help children who are enduring the same kind of nightmare I endured as a child. You may be shocked to learn that there are hundreds of children in these circumstances in this country today! Moreover, as thousands of outraged young people across the nation protest against injustice, many of these activist children are themselves becoming the targets of repression.In 1990 Robert figured out how he could repay the progressive community that helped him survive.  He founded the RFC to help children of targeted activists in the U.S. today- children who are experiencing the same nightmare he and his brother endured as youngsters.-------------------------------------------------------Since then, the RFC has awarded millions of dollars to benefit hundreds of children in the U.S. whose parents have been targeted because of their involvement in progressive movements including the struggles to preserve civil liberties, wage peace, safeguard the environment, combat racism and homophobia , and organize on behalf of workers, prisoners, immigrants and others whose human rights are under threat.Find out more about Our Story here, in a letter from Robert Meeropol.http://www.alternet.org/rights/149345/my_parents_were_executed_under_the_unconst... 11 days agoflag  reply+11figgdimensionThese creepy sub laws always pop up when the emperor wears no clothes 11 days agoflag  reply0remanns  figgdimension:nicely put. +^d 11 days agoflag  reply+3ras_menelikOn the eve of the 1917 revolution, 28,600 convicts were serving sentences of hard labor. After the Russian Revolution of 1917 the Russian penal system was taken over by the Bolsheviks. From 1918, camp-type detention facilities were set up, as a reformed analogy of the earlier system of penal labor (katorgas), operated in Siberia in Imperial Russia. The two main types were "Vechecka Special-purpose Camps" (  , osobiye lagerya VChK) and forced labor camps (  , lagerya prinuditel'nikh rabot). They were installed for various categories of people deemed dangerous for the state: for common criminals, for prisoners of the Russian Civil War, for officials accused of corruption, sabotage and embezzlement, various political enemies and dissidents, as well as former aristocrats, businessmen and large land owners. These camps, however, were not on the same scale as those in the Stalin era. In 1928 there were 30,000 prisoners in camps, and the authorities were opposed to compelling them to work. In 1927 the official in charge of prison administration wrote that: "The exploitation of prison labour, the system of squeezing golden sweat from them, the organization of production in places of confinement, which while profitable from a commercial point of view is fundamentally lacking in corrective significance  these are entirely inadmissible in Soviet places of confinement. 11 days agoflag  reply+7VierotchkaIs the author one of the Rosenbergs' two sons? I fully support what this article says, and I fully support Julian Assange and WikiLeaks. 11 days agoflag  reply+1gerardange  Vierotchka:Hi Vierotchka,To answer your question... Yes, Robert.  I updated the post with his bio posted way at the top of the page - after the original story.As today.... We see our Government and Obama using the same legal frame work to try and railroad Julian Assange  as McCarthy used to execute both of Roberts Parents... This is all done in our name.   BUT... NOT MY NAME!!! I WILL HAVE NO PART IN THIS !!!     I didn't want to post  this news clip attached... but, we are living in historic times... It is time for everyone to realize that!    The time has come for all of us to put down our Latte's  & iPhones  and  use our voices and our bodies to try and stop this Fascism marching in our direction  today  we all need to STAND UP AND BE COUNTED!!! and save what freedoms we have left... Thank you Vierotchka,  for your vigilance, your wise words, and your un-ending energy .Peace,Gerardhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0M1QUakwss 11 days agoflag  reply+4Vierotchka  gerardange:I haven't seen anywhere any reference to Obama using that same legal framework to try and railroad Julian Assange. I don't think that even Hillary Clinton did so. I did hear of some Republican politicians doing so, some even calling for him to be executed or assassinated. I have also read numerous articles and seen legal experts say that it would be extremely difficult and possibly impossible to apply this 1917 law to Julian Assange. Other right-wing politicians want to create a new law so as to get to Julian Assange, but their problem is that Julian Assange cannot legally be prosecuted under any new ex post facto laws that might be cooked up. 11 days agoflag  reply+3gerardange  Vierotchka:http://news.yahoo.com/s/yblog_thecutline/20101213/ts_yblog_thecutline/if-assange...~Hi Vierotchka,  I hope this answers your question about the US Department of Justice moving forward using the frame work of the "Espionage Act of 1917" as,  the same legal framework to try and railroad Julian Assange. What ever the out come may be in this action by The US Department of Justice. It is plain to see that there is a strong intent and will inside our government to use this Act as the framework to crush Wikileaks & Julian Assange.   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------By Michael Calderone /December 13, 2010U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has already authorized an investigation of WikiLeaks, with the Washington Post reporting that Assange could be tried under the Espionage Act of 1917. Several U.S. political leaderssuch as Sens. Joe Lieberman (I-CT) and Dianne Feinstein (D-CA)have argued for just such a proceeding. And this Thursday, the House Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing on "the Espionage Act and the legal and constitutional issues raised by WikiLeaks." It looks like there's finally bipartisan consensus in Washington, with everyone from the Obama White House to Republican congressional leaders condemning the Australian hacker who serves as the public face of WikiLeaks.Still, Lieberman argues that Assange should be indicted for spying and has left open the possibility that news organizations could also be tried. Lieberman, through a spokeswoman, praised companies such as Amazon, PayPal and Visa for severing ties with WikiLeaks, saying they "have done the right thing and have acted as good corporate citizens." But Lieberman clearly doesn't feel the same way about some in the press."The news organizations that have reprinted the State Department cables have not been good citizens, but whether to prosecute news organizations is a difficult question that should be taken up and decided by Justice Department officials," Lieberman said in a statement. "For the future, members of Congress should engage in a discussion about whether to change the law, within the limits of the First Amendment, to more precisely address media disclosure of secret documents."Feinstein, in a statement, harshly criticized WikiLeaks as she did in her Wall Street Journal op-ed last week. However, Feinstein made a distinction between Assange's group and the Times."WikiLeaks operates like a proliferator and an enabler of illegal activity," Feinstein said. "The New York Times considers its responsibility as journalists, including consulting with government and redacting information; their mission is to inform our democracy without recklessly and arbitrarily putting our national security at risk. Julian Assange is on-record as harboring intent to harm the U.S. government, with disregard for the consequencesboth to the government and to innocent people. The New York Times does not have this bad intent."FOR THE FULL ARTICLE:http://news.yahoo.com/s/yblog_thecutline/20101213/ts_yblog_thecutline/if-assange... -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Side Note: ( "Australian hacker" ) ???   Wikileaks only function is to provide a platform for"Whistle Blowers" to  deposit files to expose Corruption and Wrong-doing... and to then publish that contributed information with other news organizations and the public.Neither Wikileaks or, Julian Assange commited a crime or criminal act or, attempted in any way to: Steal, Hack or, Cyber Attack anyone.   The term  ( "Australian hacker" ) is yet another attempt  to discredit Mr. Assange make him appear as the criminal.[END POST] 11 days agoflag  reply0of10rot10  gerardange:You have forgotten that it was Bush who built this train with his "you're either with us or against us" nonsense.  Albeit Obama has not yet stopped the train. 10 days agoflag  reply+4DogBoyThat's a good example of a worn out tired law made way before I was born by people I am sure I do not philosophically agree with, based on values that are clearly not mine. They ought to kill those old tired worn out laws like that before they hurt someone again.Julian Assage's information realistically cannot threaten our national security on any real scale. It's always about revenge. 11 days agoflag  reply+7Dejan_CroatiaI SUPPORT WIKILEAKS AND ASSANGE WITH ALL MY HEART AND BODY!!! 11 days agoflag  reply+7gerardangeWHAT WE ARE WITNESSING... should be an example to everyone... How an organization like http://www.wikileaks.ch/ and others like, http://www.cryptome.org/. Whose only function is to provide a platform for"Whistle Blowers" to expose Corruption and Wrong-doing... Can be systematically targeted (by the accused), and then slandered, and attacked, as = The Enemy.The real question we should be asking is: " THE ENEMY OF WHOME? "THE ENEMY OF: Corporations that have taken over our government systems... that now conspire against their own people. Of Corporations, like Monsanto who conspire to hide from all of us the content and ingredients of genetically modified food that we now are "all forced to eat."Corporations like; MORGAN STANLEY, HALLIBURTON, BANK OF AMERICA and others... whose leaders continue to live like Royalty on billions of profits taken from all our dollars and, even more Billions from self-awarded "Personal Bailout Bonuses" totaling over $144 Billion dollars in 2010... All, at the same time they continued to foreclose on ALL our homes forcing "Honest hard working families on to the streets!"And.... WIKILEAKS IS OUR ENEMY ???? Really?Sorry, I DON'T THINK SO ! Organizations Like Wikileaks are doing what our mainstream Media & Press have ALL been $$ restricted from doing...Without a FREE AND OPEN PRESS AND MEDIA = WE HAVE NO FREEDOM... WE HAVE ONLY FASCISM.We, ALL MUST DEMAND MORE FROM OUR GOVERNMENT!(1) DEMAND...TRANSPARENCY not, SECRECY. ~ WE Need To Expose Corruption... NOT HIDE IT - !(2) In a True Democracy: All it's Citizens (All of us) are the 4th branch of our Government. We ALL... NEED TO FULLY EXERCISE THAT 4th BRANCH! ~ We ALL... have a responsibility and a directive to exercise that power and voice that we hold.(3) DEMAND... Personal Responsibility and Accountability: From our Government, Our Corporations, and individual People who commit crime. ~ THAT REQUIRES what is missing today... A FAIR JUDICIAL SYSTEM... WE ALL NEED TO DEMAND: That the Bad Apples need to be removed and fully prosecuted... in order to restore our Democracy.IN CLOSING:Without these { three pillars } a True Democracy cannot survive."WE CAN"... DO BETTER THAN WHAT WE HAVE TODAY..."WE MUST DEMAND".., Personal Responsibility, Accountability and, Transparency of Government.THESE ARE HISTORIC TIMES... WE MUST DO HISTORIC THINGS...Wikileaks is only the alarm bell that is pointing a finger at Crime & Corruption.We all need to not be fooled... by the guilty parties still trying to continue to conceal their corruption and misdeeds.... because they are Corrupt.[ FiIRST WE NEED ] " ALL THE TRUTH"Then we need to speak openly and freely about the future...[ TRUTH ] is courageous...[ THE ACT ] OF DEMANDING THE TRUTH... IS COURAGEOUS...[ Be ] courageous...[ ACT ] courageous...REMEMBER... [ WE ] are all living in historic times...AND... [ WE ALL ] need to do historic things.~ 11 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Louisiana officials: partsof coastline still heavily oiled Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Smoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  18 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  45 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  47 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. oppressed1 commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  55 minutes agoHow is that hope and change thing working out for you. 2 trillion to the banks and car industry. This guy has given more to special intrest than Bush could have ever dreamed of. HE gets a pass... unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog