Emotional AbuseHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsGender and RelationshipsRelationship Problems and AdviceDomestic AbuseEmotional AbuseEmotional Abuse86rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Laura du ToitWhat is Emotional AbuseAnybehavior designed to undermine and control someone else through fear,humiliation, manipulation or intimidation is emotional abuse. This canpresent itself in the form of verbal abuse, constant criticism or faultfinding. Through these tactics the abuser makes his victim feel thatthey are inadequate and inferior and erodes her self-esteem. Contraryto what some people believe, not all forms of abuse are expressedthrough physical violence. Emotional abuse can and often does lead tophysical aggression but the abuser uses manipulation tactics as opposedto physical abuse. Emotional Abuse - The Unseen Pain See all 6 photosImage Courtesy of ghetto_geura29 on FlickrWhat Influences People to Resort to Emotional AbuseThe need to control other people or degrade and belittle them often stems from a lack of self-confidence and low self-esteem. Abusersare psychologically and emotionally immature and may have been thevictim of, or witnessed, an abusive relationship during childhood. As aresult these people accept abusive behavior as the norm. Emotional abuse does not discriminateagainst race, socioeconomic status, religion, culture  or gender.However, in heterosexual relationships the victim in the majority ofemotional abuse cases isfemale. According to statistics on spousal abuse, emotional abuseoccurs 6% more often than physical abuse. Considering that emotionalabuse is not considered a criminal act and that most cases gounreported until they eventually culminate in physical abuse the figurefor emotional abuse is in reality probably much higher. Almost 40% ofwomen experience some type of emotional abuse either by a partner orsomeone with whom they have an intimate relationship. All emotionalabusive relationships have a very high risk of becoming physicalabused.  Emotional abuse is an attempt to take control of the partner -bothmentally and/or emotionally. As with all other formsof abuse the victim is bullied into living a life where she is inconstant fear of the abuser and changes her behavior and lifestyle toplease him.Socialbeliefs can also influence some men into believing that they are thestronger sex and have a right to discipline a wife or girlfriend thatis disobedient. Alcohol and drug misuse can aggravate butcannot cause emotional abuse. Emotional abuse is a personalitydisorder, however abusers often hide behind substance abuse as a meansto justify their behavior.None of the above reason are anexcuse to be an abuser as any form of abuse is in violation of thebasic human rights of the person being abused. Emotional Abuse Can Be More Traumatic Than Physical Abuse Image Courtesy of zt.viagens on FlickrWho Becomes Victims of Emotional AbusePeopledo not willing enter or stay in an abusive relationship but people whowere verbally abused as a child often find themselves in abusiverelationships as an adult. These people may not have learned how tovalidate their own feelings and perceptions and develop their ownviewpoints. Despite the fact that emotional abuse is destructive theseindividuals  are more likely to accept emotional abuse as normal, evencomfortable. Abuserstransfer their own feelings of inadequacy, powerlessness, fear, hurtand anger to their victims. This allows them to feel more in controland avoids the issue of their own insecurities and self-perceptions. Peoplewho are subjected to constant emotional abuse lose their sense ofself-worth and no longer trust their own perceptions. Over time thevictims lose all sense of self and ultimately become incapable offorming a realistic judgment of the situation. The end result is thatthe victim's self esteem is so low that they cling to the abuser firmlybelieving that they deserve to be treated this way.  Emotional abusersare masters in the art of manipulation and convince their victims thatthey are worthless and that no-one else would want them. The victimsthen believe that they have nowhere else to go and lack theself-confidence to be on their own. Emotional abuse leaveswounds that are much deeper and lasting than physical abuse. It is alsomuch more difficult to talk about and explain to the outside world. Theabuser normally has a dual personality or "two faces". The "Mr NiceGuy" - everybody's friend, loving husband, successful, life and soul ofthe party is the face that he presents to the world and the emotionalabuse is reserved for the victim.  If they suspect that their victimsare strong enough to seek help they are known to spread rumors abouttheir victims instability. This makes it even more difficult for theabused to walk away from an abusive relationship and they stay for fearof being labeled neurotic. In an attempt to conceal their abusivebehavior they often isolate their victim keeping them away from familyand friends.Emotional abuse is the greatest indication of potential physical violence, especially where a woman is callednames to humiliate and belittle her. Emotionally abusivepartners have also been known to commit murder or murder-suicide. Women who are subjected to emotional abuse may become suicidal. Emotionally Abused People Can Become Suicidal Image Courtesy of David Harvester on FlickrTactics Used By The Emotional AbuserTheemotional abuser is invariably egocentric and as such can placeunreasonable demands on his victim, expecting them to give all theirtime and attention to him. In doing so they are denying their victim ofany right to privacy and time of their own. They expect their partnerto be at their beck and call and will still be dissatisfiedirrespective of how much she is prepared to give of herself. Emotional abusers have anobsession with control and will go to great lengths in an attempt tocontrol their partner's every move. If their wants are not met they will resort tothreats or punishment to get control of her life. Allowing someone todominate her to this extent will cause the victim to lose any sense ofself-respect.The victims will be constantly criticized and berated for their inability to meet the abuser's needs. Emotional abusers also constantly criticize the  partner's  size andappearance  breaking down her self-esteem until she believes that sheis repulsive and worthless. Isolation is another common tactic used by emotional abusers. They want full control over their victim's lives and tryto prevent them from having contact with her friends and family. Theymay even prevent her from having independent activities such aswork irrespective of whether they can afford for her not to earn anincome or not.Dueto their own low self-esteem they are overly jealous and possessive andfalsely accuse the victim of extra-marital affairs if she even speaksto another man. They often pressurize the victim to have sex with themto prove that they love the abuser. This often becomes their way ofmaking amends after each attack despite the fact that the victim may bein a state of despair and hurting. Abusers often use childrenas pawns in their power game and will criticize the partner's parentingabilities. They are also known to threaten to ensure that the victimdoes not get custody of the children should she decide to end therelationship.Typicalof an emotional abuser in order to maintain full control and power theywill make all the decisions. This includes important matters such asfamily finances, what car to buy, where they live and which school thechildren will attend. They will withhold information from the victimand not consult her on any decisions. Amore aggressive form of abuse includes false accusations, name-calling,threats, blaming and ordering. The abuser assumes a superior positionin the relationship by invalidating and judging the partner therebyundermining her equality and independence.  Aggressive abusive canalso  be more subtle and be disguised as an attempt to help the victimwhen in effect these are merely attempts to belittle and control her.This can lead to what is known as learned helplessness where the victimbelieves that she is helpless and remains passive in a damagingsituation because she has been lead to believe that she is incapable ofmaking a worthwhile decision. Emotional abusers tend todeliberately start arguments as they have this uncontrollable urge toexperience a feeling of power and control. Denying  is a very harmful form of emotional abuse and can cause the victim to lose all sense of self-worth. Besides minimizing of the victimsopinion on anything they are known to deny that certain events tookplace or that hurtful things were said.Minimizing or trivializing is a moresubtle form of denying whereby the abuser leads the victim to believethat they are over-reacting to events or  things that were said. To hurt, humiliate or belittle their victims, abusers will question the victims perceptions, memory and even their sanity.Constant invalidation of feelings,reality and experiences will inevitably lead the victim to mistrusttheir own perceptions and emotional experience. Emotional abusers can undermine thevictims perception of reality by rejecting, mocking, diminishing, or judging the victim's feelings and opinions in an attemptto control the way the victim feels. Abusersmay often refuse to listen or communicate with their victims andwithdraw emotionally as a means of punishment. This is what is commonlyknown as giving their victims the "silent treatment". Inan attempt to control their victims, abusers play on the values, guilt,compassion and fear of their victims to reach their goals. They mayalso threaten to abandon their victims in an attempt to expose thevictims vulnerability and dependency on the abuser.Abusersare often very moody people and may re-act differently to a specificsituation depending on their mood. Drastic mood swings and emotionaloutbursts make a relationship with this type of abuser extremelydraining as the victim is constantly on edge never knowing what to sayor how to act to prevent an attack. This type of abuse is characterizedby unpredictable responses and the victim, not knowing what to expect,is permanently on guard waiting for the next mood change which couldlead to an outburst. Characteristics of an emotional abuserAbusers may demonstrate one or more of the following characteristics:-Unrealistic expectations of themselves and othersVery demandingVolatile temper and over-react to minimal incidentsEvade responsibility in a relationship and do not easily commitExcessively jealous and possessive and very insecureHave an obsession with controlling their victims and restricting their freedom and rights.Very demanding of their victimsMake all the decisions and never take their partners feelings into consideration.ManipulativeNever take responsibility or blame for their own mistakesNever admit to the harm they cause - not even to themselvesCan not empathize with othersDual personalityVerbal Abuse Images Courtesy of Dakal on FlickrEffects of Emotional AbuseWomen who areemotionally abused lose the confidence to make decisions for themselvesand tend to agree with everything their partner suggests.  They will doanything to please their abuser despite the fact that this is basicallyan impossible task as the abuser finds joy in criticizing everythingthe abused does. In order to justify her staying in the relationshipwomen who are emotionally abused find reasons to excuse the abuser'sbehavior. This includes having a bad childhood, a bad day at the officebut more often than not these women tend to blame themselves. Somethingthat they said or did is the reason why their partner is being abusiveand they often feel it is their fault. Emotional battering cancause serious health and psychological problems and these women oftenbecome forgetful and find that they experience difficulty inconcentrating. Abused women often resort to alcohol or drug abuse ormay develop eating or sleeping problems. The emotional stress can causethe abused to become physically ill or they may experience abnormalfatigue or anxiety attacks. All people react differently but it is notuncommon for emotionally abused women to suffer depression and to showa loss of interest in the world around them. Emotional abusers oftentry to isolate their victims and the women often find that theyeventually lose all contact with their friends and family. As a resultof the emotional battering abused women lose their self confidence andfear if they end the relationship that they will be all aloneEmotionally Abused People Condition Themselves to Keep Quiet Image Courtesy of Nathalie_Renaud FlickrWhy Emotionally Abused Victims Don't Easily LeaveVictims ofemotional abuse often stay in the abusive relationship in the hopesthat the abuser will change. They often feel that by changing the waythat they act towards the abuser they will be able to change the waythe abuser acts towards them. Unfortunately one cannot control otherpeople's emotions and neither can you change their personality.It isvery difficult for women who have been in an abusive relationship tojust walk out without strong emotions of fear, embarrassment,self-blame and a host of other complex feelings. It is essential thatthe victims realize that there is a way out of an abusive relationshipand there are trained people that will help her to overcome her fearsand give her a greater understanding of the situation.Theforemost reason a woman does not leave an abusive relationship is herinability to provide shelter and food for herself and her childrenalthough threats, safety, fears and love are also contributory factors.Ifyou feel you are being abused, or know someone who is, you need to gethelp. Keeping the abuse a secret doesn't protect a person from beingabused - it only makes it more likely that the abuse will continue.Silence Hides Violence and Any Other Form of Abuse Image Courtesy of Heraldpost on FlickrWhat to Do if You Are Being Emotionally AbusedThe very firststep in the right direction is to recognize and admit that you are in adysfunctional relationship and the victim of emotional abuse. This is avery serious situation to be in and is as bad if not worse thanphysical abuse. You must realize that you are not to blame for yourpartner's abusive behavior. Emotional abusers often resort toaggressive behavior and this could easily lead  to physical violence ormurder. Have a safety plan in place and take your safety and that ofyour children seriously. If your partner has threatened to harm or kill you phone 911. When you do make a decision to leave your partner seek legal advice. Abused women are at the greatest risk of being harmed or killed when they leave.Emotional Abuse Awareness Recommended Reading - Basic Human Rights Basic Human Rights for Self-DevelopmentA professional therapist offers a list of Basic Human Rights for Self-Development including autonomy, self-care, and relationships.you and me the world  knows a different youyou tell them i'm crazy and they believe it toowhy shouldn't they - you're so gentle and kindthey don't know what goes on in your mind.if i told them that there is a different youa person they would loathe if only they knewthey'd probably think that i was to blameand i'd only be putting myself to shamecos emotional abuse leaves no scars they can seeyou are not breaking bones - you are breaking meyou trample the core of my being - deep insidetaken away my dignity, my respect and my pride.i can't wait for your leaving in the morningand dread your return at nightbeing around you makes me edgyjust waiting for the next fightwhat will i be ?-  a slut or a bitch?useless and ugly and an evil witch?or will it be i'm just a cheap whoresomeone nobody loves anymore?or will you ask me what i did with my dayand then not listen to what i saywaiting to accuse me of lies and deceitsaying i slept with every man on our streetwill you throw out the meal i prepared for youfind fault with every single thing that i dowill you punch me with words so hard that i cowerall in an effort to gain control and power.or will you resort to threats of violence and deathi wish i could tell you to just hold your breath...........cos you cannot kill someone who no longer existswho died a slow death caused by words and not fists.its always the same ending after a fightyou expect me to make love all through the nightwhen all i want is to be left alone and in peacein a happy place where the hurting can ceasein this dysfunctional relationship that you call loveyou torture me daily without  a push or a shovebut the hurt cuts deeper than gashes and bruises couldand my heart bleeds more than my body ever would.for time will never heal the scars that i beari just bury them deeper year after yearand change to who you want me to beit makes it far easier than me being meLaura du Toit - 2009KHUM's 'Stop The Violence' campaign begins 2 Nov 2009KHUM's 'Stop The Violence' campaignThe first week, the campaign will investigate how the current economic downturn has impacted domestic violence and family dynamics in generalThe second week of the campaign will deal with the question, When Is It Abuse? Week three, beginning Nov.More Hubs on Adusive RelationshipsEmotional AbuseAny behavior designed to undermine and control someone else through fear, humiliation, manipulation or intimidation is emotional abuse. This can present itself in the form of verbal abuse, constant criticism...What You Should Know About Physical AbuseEverywhere we look we see violence - in movies, on the news and in many of the computer games that we give our children to play with. Its not surprising then that domestic violence and abuse is often overlooked or excused. Contrary to what many peoplHow to Prevent Domestic ViolenceImage Courtesy of publik - Flickr The only real way to prevent domestic violence is not to get involved with a person who has an abusive personality. Abusive behavior is not an act of rage. It is also not...Domestic Violence in the LGBT CommunityDomestic violence is a violation of human rights in any relationship, regardless of the gender or sexual identity of the parties involved and regardless of the relationship between the victim and the...Living With Domestic Violence is Damaging Our ChildrenWhen we talk about abusive relationships and domestic violence we tend to concentrate on the adults, the abuser and the abused. Sadly, though all too often the people affected most are the innocent children....The Best Christmas Gift Anyone Can GiveThe best Christmas Gift anyone can give this and every Christmas is to donate a toy to a needy cause. We are all so busy planning our Christmas that we tend to forget about those less fortunate than we are. ...Celebrating Christmas With An Abusive PartnerChristmas is a time for rejoicing. A time for family celebrations and a time for giving. All over the world the different nations, religions and even families have their own unique tradition that they...Healing the Scars of Emotional AbuseAmazon Price: $8.30List Price: $14.99Encouragements for the Emotionally Abused Woman: Wisdom and Hope for Women At Any Stage of Emotional Abuse RecoveryAmazon Price: $8.29List Price: $13.95Emotional Abuse: The Trauma and the TreatmentAmazon Price: $19.41List Price: $26.00vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny Awesome Beautiful Abusive Relationships: What You Should Know About Domestic Physical AbuseCommentslorlie614 months ago This hub is excellent, Laura, and well researched.  As I was reading, I recalled a movie from the 50's or 60's called "Gaslight" which refers to a man essentially convincing a woman that she's gone mad.I am currently in the uncomfortable position of watching a once confident, handsome and intelligent man being emotionally abused by his spouse.  I know it's not as common, but it is so very tragic to watch those marvelous qualities slip away.manlypoetryman14 months ago Wow...Laura...That ain't right...no one should ever have to be abused...of any kind...in a relationship. God...there's thousands of people waitin' to verbally abuse us out in the real world...why have to deal with it at home? This obviously hits pretty close to a "mark" with you...because of your poem. Very awful thing to endure...or have endured...or know of someone that is close to you that has endured? Hopefully...all this is now far behind the person ...that made you able to describe this thing...so well in a poem. Sincerely....MPMLaura du Toit14 months ago Thanks lorlie6Glad you enjoyed the hub. I agree it is tragic when you see it happening to someone you know. Emotional abuse is such a crippling thing.Laura du Toit14 months ago Thanks MPMI've seen it happen and I know what emotional abuse can do. Thanks for reading the poem and the comments!Paradise714 months ago Excellent hub, and I've seen these all-too-familiar patterns.  I wish we could erase them completely.  It always puzzles me, why WOULD someone want to talk down their partner, why WOULD someone want to verbally bully their partner, or take all their partner's self-esteem away?  I don't understand the motivation, but I've seen this happen, and I never know how to help.  If I have the temerity to say something to the woman, she denies anything is wrong and is hurt that I said anything, most of the time.  If I try to stick up for the women against the man, the woman turns on me half the time.  I've learned to ignore it as best as possible while socializing, but it sure makes me uncomfortable, and I don't think ignoring it is the right thing to do, either.Laura du Toit14 months ago Thanks ParadiseI think that as soon as the woman admits it to you she has to admit to herself and the world that she is allowing this to happen. Unfortunately for any abuse to happen one person abuses and the other allows the abuse. That is just a fact!Bruised Inside14 months ago You didn't focus too much on the emotional abuse of children which is horribly common. It might be mothers who use children to meet their own needs,for a listener for instance, or fathers whose only form of communication is sarcasm. Whatever it is. the child never gets the things they need. Often those children will go on to form abusive relationships themselves. Damage begets damage.Laura du Toit14 months ago Tank you for your comment Bruised InsideAbuse in Children will be dealt with in a future hub,Thanks for reading.vikas14 months ago Your poem is so realistic,it made me cry. I am a abuser in my relation with my loving wife. I itself do something. either i leave her to live her new life or i kill myself.Long live laura.god blessLaura du Toit14 months ago Killing yourself will just make your wife feel more guilty and if you have been abusing her that is the last thing that she deserves. Let her walk away from the marriage if that is what she wants - but let her do it knowing that she does it with your blessing. If you do anything to harm yourself you will make her suffer for the rest of her life.rebekahELLE14 months ago Laura, you've written such an important article here and I hope even one person can be helped by your caring, informative words. Your poem is amazing, so powerful.well done. :)Laura du Toit14 months ago Thank you RebekahI like to think that I will be able to reach and help somebody , some day with my articles on abusive relationships.Thank you for commenting on my poem. I have not written poetry for so long - was not sure what reaction I would get. Glad it gets the message across.Thanks for reading!stricktlydating14 months ago Hi Laura,Your poem made me cry. And you describe this situation so accurately. I also hope your Hub reaches someone in need, to help them understand their situation more clearly, because it's easier to leave the relationship once you can really see what's going on.Years ago I was in this kind of situation and his abusive behaviour totally confused me. I couldn't understand why someone who apparently loved me so much could also hurt me so much. I was not educated about abusive relationships, and at the time was unbeliveably frustrated that nothing I could do would fix his problems with me! Luckily I realised quickly that the problem was not me at all. I'm so glad I didn't end up living my life with him.Best wishes.Laura du Toit14 months ago Hi stricktlydatingGlad to hear you managed to get out before it was too late. I am pleased to hear that my poem manages to get the message across ( even if it is not the happiest of messages). Emotional abuse is such a devastating experience - let's hope I can help to open people's eyes so that they too leave before it is too late.donotfear14 months ago Man oh man, do I relate to this one. I can tell you that every victim's story is similar. The same patterns of abuse surface in all abusers: control, intimidation, explosive, passive-aggressive behavior. It's a cycle that needs to be broken.av8erprince14 months ago I agree with donotfear. But I bet you guys have not heard anything like what I have been, and still going through. Maybe some day I will write it all down. And yes, I am a man, and a victim, and all of this hub is sounds like my story, and then I have some more.Lisa HW14 months ago Laura, this is an amazing and dead-on Hub - beautifully put together and, again, right on the money.cindyvine14 months ago Excellent hub Laura!  I wrote a hub on how to know whether or not you're in an abusive relationship, as well as a book on how to break the pattern of bad abusive relationships in your life which is available on Amazon, called Fear, Phobias and Frozen Feet.  I escaped from an abusive relationship, fled from Cape Town to Durban under assumed names.  I wrote about my escape from the abusive relationship, but made it fiction.  That's also on Amazon, set in Southern Africa.  Had to make it fiction, otherwise my ex will seek me out and kill me lol!Laura du Toit14 months ago donotfear  - Could not agree more - The question is how?av8erprince - Write a hub about your experiences when you are ready to share them.Lisa HW  - Thanks for the comment.cindyvine - Thanks for the support. I will add your book to my Amazon capsule.prettydarkhorse14 months ago hi again! this is another once extensive article on emotional abuse, it is worst than physical abuse at times because it takes time to heal...I like the poem...Laura du Toit14 months ago Thanks prettydarkhorseGlad you stopped by and thanks for the comment!Janet14 months ago This whole hubpage sounds like my exhusband. He became my ex in 2004 after putting up with 8 years of verbal/emotionalabuse. He would call me every single day when he knew I was oon my way home from work acting all nice and when I would walk into the house he would ignore me. I once said something like; You didn't say anything to me when I came in. O my, he yelled and said: the person coming home is the one that is suppose to acknowledge the other person.Within, five days after leaving him, he sent out a four page letter telling my family that I am going to destroy my o13 year old daughters life, I am irresponsible (that was his most favorite description of me). It contiues on saying I need help and so on. Anyway, it is all behind me now. I have our daughter living with me full time (it's been 1 year) and her dad has not contacted her for 5 months. The moment I walked out I actually felt empowered  by freedom, family and friends. I was my own person for the first time in 8 years.wendi_w14 months ago Thank you , no one knows the true pain of emotional abuse with out living it. They don't understand why we stayed or how hard it was to leave. So many blame the victim not understanding the true hell they lived.Joannie14 months ago Love your Hub. I cried when I read your poem, it could have been me who wrote that.  I have finally managed to get out of an abusive relationship, but he is still trying, this time begging my forgiveness and that he would never do it again.  Like your poem says, the scars will never heal. He blew it.Lisa HW13 months ago Laura, excellent Hub and poem, needless to say.  What I think many people may not realize is that a person can have healthy self-esteem and actually think the other person is "just a jerk" (and have contempt for him/her); and kind of think there's no damage.  Upon closer thinking about it, though, there can be the realization that the damage isn't to self-esteem on a conscious level.  It can come from the humiliation and self-disgust at not being able to stop something as "simple" and "non-violent" as words.  The person with generally good self-esteem, pride, and a sense of being capable in all other areas of life can wonder why, when it comes to this kind of thing, s/he can't be his/her usual "effective and capable and strong".  Feeling helpless for this kind of person may actually feel worse than it does for someone who generally leans toward helplessness in other areas of life, as well.Laura du Toit13 months ago Thank you Janet, Wendi, Joannie and LisaSorry to hear that all of you were subjected to emotional abuse!. Just shows how much emotional abusers there are out therepoetlorraine13 months ago a lot there, read most of it will come back, so much truth in itLaura du Toit13 months ago Hope to see you soon LorraineCathleena12 months ago It is so hard to break this cycle.  Reprogramming our minds, relearning what normal should be.  Overcoming guilt because somehow we bought into the lie that love should last forever no matter what.  The poem is heart wrenching sad and true.  No one should have to live like that!Laura du Toit12 months ago Thank you Cathleena. Emotional abuse is sad but true!RNMSN12 months ago gorgeous oem lauraworse thing for me was finding that it wasnt my son that hates me,rather he is the abuser!! he abused me just to see me cry/saying he never wanted to have me in his life  got the reaction he wanted, now i get the silent treatment from him...it took mid life/grad school/admitting my emotional abuse started in childhood/death of my beloved father/ and getting the fact that abuse fom my own child to really unstop the dains..pray hard please laura/psych appt tomorrow,rather today at 1100 hours..Laura du Toit12 months ago Hi RNMSNSorry to hear about your emotional abuse by your own son. May God give you the strength to work through this terrible situation. I can imagine that this abuse must be worse than emotional abuse by a partner. It's easier to walk away from an emotional abusive partner than it is to try to understand why your child would become emotionally abusive towards you.Let me know how the appointment went.Gasoline12 months ago i married someone who had not only one or two signs of emotional abuse, she had all the signs, and much more. maybe you should put in the characteristic, that they cheat as well, because they already have a victim, so, what, they can do that too. and they dont have a problem with it. since they have no respect for the victim, they dont care if they cheat too. well, now is over, from a month, it took me a while to understand what life i was living and dealing with, and what glory future i had in front of my eyes. thanks, this post really opened my eyes!SaraM128311 months ago I was wondering if they actually over time dont even realize what there saying even when u bring it too their attention??Laura du Toit11 months ago I am sure they do Sara - that is why they keep doing it- they want to hurt you to give them a feeling of being in control. That is what emotional abuse is all about!Thanks for dropping by!RedElf11 months ago I read this when you first posted it, but couldn't bring myself to comment. Moving poem - it speaks of an intimate knowledge. Watching someone you care for suffer can be even more terrible if you are unable to help them.I certainly agree with your answer to vikas. It is so easy for abusers to proclaim their 'evil deeds' and wallow in self pity, and then threaten to end their lives. This, of course, takes the focus totally off their victim and puts the abuser in the spotlight. And forces even more guilt on the victim for causing this - because, you know, according to the abuser, it is always the victim's fault - "you made me do/say this." NOTI have witnessed this in action a time or two, and the sad thing is that the abuser gets the sympathy and support that should be given to their victim.Sorry - my hobby horse ;) Another thoughtful and thought provoking hub, Laura.Laura du Toit11 months ago Thanks for re-visiting the hub and leaving your comments. I am flattered by the fact that the poem moved you.Emotional abuse is such a difficult thing to deal with - mainly because most of the time one can not quite put a handle on it.Thanks for the visit - I really appreciate it.MoonOrBust11 months ago The poem reminded me of today, yesterday, last week, last month, last year...  My fear is it is the rest of my life.Laura du Toit11 months ago MoonOBustOnly you can break the chain.....You need to decide whether you will allow someone to abuse you emotionally or whether it is best to walk away.May you find the strength to make the right decision.Bethelbee8 months ago Thank you for the poem.  It really helps.  Walking away has been the hardest hike of my life.  Mainly because I soo believed in him.  How could such a sweet, entertaining, smart man also be so abusive?  His wife went to a Domestic Violence Shelter and put out an order of protection on him.  What a brilliant man that could reverse that pointed finger back to his wife and have the whole community and his new girlfriend believe it.  Fast forward 2 years later.  I would like to talk to his wife to apologize for even thinking it was ever her, and give her a big vote of support and understanding. Do they all have Narcissitic Personality Disorder??? Keep up your wonderful work.Laura du Toit8 months ago Hi Bethelbee. Thanks for the comment and glad that my poem could help you see things in perspective. Don't ever look back or worse yet - go back! At least you will know what the warning signs are when you enter new relationships. Good luck!RecoverToday8 months ago Wow! This article is full of good advice and insight. Absolutely 5***** stars!Laura du Toit8 months ago Thanks Recover Today. Glad you found the hub informative.ljsmarketing8 months ago I AM BEING ABUSED BY A BULLY EMOTIONALLY EVERYDAY, I AM TRYING TO LEAVE Him IT'S A WORK IN PROGRESSKimberly Bunch7 months ago Very empowering hub. Great job!Laura du Toit7 months ago Thanks Kimberley. Glad you found the hub interesting!Dorsi7 months ago Thank you for a well written hub which will help alot of people dealing with emotional abuse.It's a topic that needs to be discussed more.sad16 months ago wow.. its funny but your poem just made me realize how fucked up and disfunctional my relationship is.its funny how it first starts with words, then w/  threats and last with a  twist of an arm that still hurts.but what to do when u scared even to call the cops, because your  scared that maybe they wont make it in time.. and your son is only month watching for the crib, what happening wright infront of him.:(hubpageswriter4 months ago A very good hub, which entails on how to detect an abuser.  Victims have a right to voice out when being abused, and I hope those being abused will come across this hub and be able to seek help from their love ones.Laura du Toit4 months ago Thanks hubpageswriter,IF THIS HUB MANAGES TO HELP EVEN ONE EMOTIONALLY ABUSED INDIVIDUAL IT WOULD BE WORTH THE EFFORT AND TIME SPENT ON WRITING BOTH THE HUB AND POEM :)Abused guy4 months ago I've been emotionally abused by my mom for ten years now, I fear for my own mental health as a consequence of what I've endured...Laura du Toit4 months ago Hi Abused GuyI would advise you go for councelling as emotional abuse can be devestating if you do not have some support system in trying times.Good luck for the future!momgramwriter3 months ago I sure found your articles helpful and might I say chilling since it sounded just like me and my children's life a few short years ago. Everything you state is so true and real. Domestic Abuse is heartbreaking and leaves many scars not just on the outside but inner as you mention with the children, as mine to this day.Your articles are truly amazing ,thanks for spreading the word as no one should have to live this way ever! A heart is not meant to be broken and is is not right or fair for any one to endure and mainly the children that do suffer most!Tirzah Laughs2 months ago A nice hub but the one thing that is missing is non-romantic emotional abusers.  My mother was an emotional abuser with all the baggage that comes with it.This hub is really nice but geared toward those in abusive romantic relationships.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites93Laura du ToitFrom South Africa299 Followers54 HubsJoined 15 months agoRead more hubs by Laura du ToitContact Laura du ToitFollow Laura du ToitSubscribe to Laura du Toit's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Laura du Toit a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat is the difference from verbal / emotional abuse and caring while fearing the unknown?asked by SteppingForward 5 weeks ago1 answerAnswer this questionHow do you deal with best friend's boyfriend's abuse toward you?asked by Trohnjem 8 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsHow do I know if I am in an abusive relationship?by cindyvineWhat You Should Know About Domestic Physical Abuseby Laura du ToitDomestic Violence - Are You A Victim of Abuse?by RedElfWhat Are the Signs in an Abusive Relationship?by Beth100Why do women stay in violent relationshipsby PrincessaFaces of Domestic Violence  Precious the Movieby Money Glitch Domestic Abuse ForumTopicRepliesWhat do you do when somebody you love is in a bad situation?posted by Abbasangel9Social Net working or just a better way to Cheat???posted by mizzjanique296MY BEING A SINGLE WOMEN WITH A DAUGHTER IS IT A SHAME???posted by dock2416Post a new topic3 more topics Tagsabuse human rights emotional abuse physical abuse isolation verbal abuse Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.286 sec)  working