So now I cant spank my child as a form of discipline?HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingParenting Skills, Styles and AdviceDiscipline by ParentsSo now I cant spank my child as a form of discipline?So now I cant spank my child as a form of discipline?80rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy H.C PorterKids are Kids-Treat them like People See all 6 photosGet your child to look at you when you are speaking to them.Sometimes timeout looks a little too comfortableSometimes they look sad.Let them pout.Pouting only lasts a minute or two.Sometimes kids get angry and walk away. Let them-but walk beside them.More From this WriterEvolution of Parenting- The Dysfunctional Epidemic A large part of being a parent is understanding what our children are going through and teaching them to learn from their experiences and situations. Although not all people that do bad things as adults...A Child's Poem- Did You Shine Today? Were you the Sun today? Did you put to sleep the darkness? Did you scare away the Boogie Man? And Monsters that hide under the bed, And shine for all to see? Were you the light that filled...Helping in Child Protective Services: A Competency-Based Casework HandbookAmazon Price: $30.97List Price: $39.95Helping in Child Protective Services: A Competency-Based Casework HandbookAmazon Price: $39.95PROTECTING CHILDREN FROM CHILD PROTECTIVE SERVICESAmazon Price: $9.28List Price: $12.95Learning Resources Colored Safety Goggles, Set of 6Amazon Price: $19.33List Price: $22.99With Child  Protection  Services-ready to intervene in a heartbeat- what kind of discipline can we impose onto our children?No, No, No, badMommy. Every mother who has a child age 2 and up, has heard their child say tothem in frustration and anger; No, No, Mommy-bad Mommy. I wasnt expecting itwhen I first heard it-and I wanted to turn to him and say; Mommy is so sorrybaby, lets go buy a toy, so I can make it up to you. I didnt, but I wantedto. Now I know I didnt do anything wrong when I turned off the TV and told himit was nap time-but what about those moments that every parent has that makesus wonder if we are or are not, Bad Mommys and Bad Daddys. Things that areapparent when you are in the wrong are circumstances such as; if you arespanking your child with such force, that he/she is left bruised, swollen orbleeding. That is child abuse. WithChild Protection Services-ready to intervene in a heartbeat- what kind ofdiscipline can we impose on our children to stress our authority and teach themwrong and right? Now a day, strangers at Wal-Mart will call authorities onyou for yelling at your child, for attempting to drag them out of a store, forsmacking their hand for hitting their sister. I dont know about you, but whenI was a child-and I was out in a public place with my parents, I can recall afew different occasions my mother, rightfully so, grabbed me by the arm, whileI was screaming and dragged my smart mouth all the way to the car,where she smacked my bare butt-threatened my existence (in a loving way of course )  and told me if I didnt straighten up now,Ill really have something I can cry about. Now a day, I have no doubt thatsomeone would consider this to be child abuse. I am not one of those people. DoI believe that my mother was out of line, not at all? Do I believe at any pointin this disciplinary action, she had lost control of her temper, no I dont. Ithink I probably had it coming-because I know the things I would try to getaway with when I was young.  I have not-nor canI recall my parents ever using a switch, a belt, a spatula or anything elsebesides a hand to deliver a quick swat to the tush-in order to capture theattention of a misbehaving child whom has no intention of listening to the athing that you say. I have never beaten my kids. I have never left a mark or abruise on their rear ends. I havent even swatted their little naked babybutts. I never smack their hands or their tushes without various warnings,letting them know if they dont straighten up and stop what they are doing it'stimeout, after timeout-its a swat on the butt and a return to timeout. Afterthey are done in time out-I always sit down with them, explain why they gotinto trouble (repeat my words again ), tell them they need to listen and explain why they need to listen, make themrepeat it to me (the best that they can)-and then follow up with an I love you, hug and kiss. I also dontuse that kind of discipline for every little thing that they do to test me. Myson has received maybe  a dozen swats to the butt, for things like-runningaway from me down the drive way, and towards the road. Or when he ran with fullforce into his little sister, body slamming her into the ground. Or when I toldhim to get off of the kitchen table-four times/removed him from the table thosefour times// put him in timeout for getting back on the table a fifth time, toturn around as he is standing back on the table with my grandmothers vase inhand, threatening to throw it. I stick to the rule I have set for myself, that the only time they get a (meaning 1) swat on the tush is when they are doing something that they can be harmed-another person can be harmed or something I have gone over and over again, know that they know that what they are doing is wrong, but do it again to test one more time if they can get away with it. I dont spank my kids for talking back- I talkto them about it and work with them to correct the issue. I dont spank my kidsfor messes; I make them help me clean it up-as many times as I have to clean itup. Kids areKids-just as they didnt come with an instruction manual to show us theway to handle things such as discipline-they werent given a crash course on boundariesand repercussions while traveling down the birth canal. Give them a break-theyare trying to figure things out too. As for the nations obsession with judginghow each person deals with their children, the only thing  to say is- unless you are the perfect parentand have a manual to start handing out to us that are learning through trialand error-mind your own business unless the kid is being physically harmed (what I mean is-20 minutes later the child is still hurting from a spanking, is left bruised, bleeding or swelling), neglected or mentallyabused. No family needs all the nosey neighbors of the world judging thembecause they swatted their childs hand for throwing a hot wheel at their sistershead. My children are happy, healthy, moderately behaved kids. Im not here tohurt them, I am here to show them the limits of what they can and cannot do, unfortunatelythey arent always willing to sit down and listen to my reasons-so to grabtheir attention so they know I mean what I am saying, I have a few timesswatted their little butts. I love my kids-and I am raising them with all thatmy parents instilled in me; and I dont believe that makes me a bad or overlyharsh parent.  Ibelieve in spanking your children, but not using corporal punishment as thefirst line of punishment. I use my better judgment before I discipline in anyway. I consider if I am in control of my emotions-making sure that my temperwill not be lost. Because my children are young-they dont get anything morethan 1 swat on the butt (which is covered by a diaper and their clothing), myintention is not to hurt them, it is to scare them and capture their attention.And finally- I dont punish them in any way without talking to them, and letthem know why they got into trouble and punished in the first place.Although I am not sure if they understand all of what I am saying, it is the repetitionof doing so that I am hoping gets through to them-one of these days they willunderstand my words. On the same token-every family and every child isdifferent. I have seen some children running around the doctors officescreaming at the top of their lungs for their mothers to shut-up. You could seein the mothers eyes frustration and embarrassment. I wonder if that child hasbeen spanked lately? Just this morning-I walked back into my sons daycareclass to see two bigger boys-one on each side of my son, picking on him. Onepushed him-and when he fell into the other-the 2nd boy pushed him-as my son wastrying to get away from the boys clutching his blanket. Have those two boys(two year olds) been taught right and wrong? I dont know for sure-but aftertalking to his teacher-she said their parents dont spank or believe in discipliningtheir children. Advicewise in determining if you should use corporal punishment in your household,make sure your intentions are the right intentions. In my opinion, the right intentionsare to teach them boundaries and show them right and wrong and to keep them safe ( I would rather deliver a swat to my child's butt when he is running towards a street with no intention of halting when he arrives there-so he doesn't do it again-than to try and talk to him about it, have him ignore me and do it again, and possibly get hit by a vehicle). The wrongintentions are if you want to inflict pain on your child. Because if you wantto have your child left hurting- perhaps you are a Bad Mommy or Bad Daddy and you shouldn't be a parent in the first place. In that case, do yourself and your kids a favor for the future and call CPS on yourself and sign over custody-there are many people out there that want to have the chance to be some child's everything-if you just want to hurt your child-you aren't deserving of them.  vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny (1)Awesome Beautiful Commentswyanjen14 months ago Hi there!I don't understand why people are so intrusive about subjects like this.We were all abused so horribly by our own parents? (no!)I would raise my child exactly how my folks did it. I turned out just fine, so who am I to say they were doing it wrong? It makes no sense to me.My question about your little one at daycare is not whether the parents of those two boys spank, but rather - where was the teacher to help your little guy out? Hopefully she does not just allow that to happen...Thanks for the sweet pictures :-) they are adorableJenShirley13 months ago I spanked through clothes and diaper too and it did absolutely no good.  I finally spanked my 2 1/2 year old naked and it worked.  Sometimes nothing but a smack on the bare butt will work.Dao Hoa13 months ago Depend on what state you live in, you still can. There are more than 20 states still approve of spanking!Manel10 months ago It's abvious jen that you have never experienced physical child abuse before. I have. Trust me it is something that stays with you all your life, and NOTHING can make it go away.H.C Porter9 months ago I dont think that anyone was talking about 'Child Abuse', no one that I know believes that Child Abuse is okay, because it is not. Giving a quick swat on the tush to grab a misbehaving childs attention for something that they are doing that can harm them or harm another, I dont believe is child abuse. I am sorry if your experiences have hurt you, and that you have had to endure such pain- it is not acceptable. The people who leave physical and emotional scars on their children should be punished. But the parents who give spankings, as a form of punishment after all other attempts are made to correct behavior- I dont think are abusers---they are parents.Thanks for reading and commenting on this hub. Again I am sorry for whatever harsh experiences you have had to go through in life, that have never left you.shancontented8 months ago Although CPS may be called for spanking, CPS would likely not intervene unless there was marks or bruising or it was on a vital area of the body (ie... face slaps that left fingertip bruises). Spanking is not illegal and many of the other CPS worker I know spank their own children. I don't personally use spanking, but that's my choice.http://hubpages.com/hub/day_as_CPSH.C Porter8 months ago shancontented,I am not sure if I should be glad that you stopped by to read and comment on this hub or if I should be afraid??? Just kidding- I know that CPS has to check out each complaint made to their offices, and I am glad for that since there are parents out there that do harm their kids-I was more/less suggesting that the people that see a parent smack the hand of a child and get upset and call CPS for this- to consider that the child will not have damage 5 min 20 min or a week later-and this isnt child abuse.Since this hub was written and published here on Hub Pages, I have decided to not use spanking as a form of punishment, not because I think that is completely wrong to use it-but because I don't want my kids to think that when someone does something wrong it is okay to hit them. (daycare kids have taught them some bad habits I am now working on) So for me and my kids, I don't think it is the right choice-but still believe that every child is different.Thanks for stopping by and leaving your commentH.C Porter8 months ago shancontented,I am not sure if I should be glad that you stopped by to read and comment on this hub or if I should be afraid??? Just kidding- I know that CPS has to check out each complaint made to their offices, and I am glad for that since there are parents out there that do harm their kids-I was more/less suggesting that the people that see a parent smack the hand of a child and get upset and call CPS for this- to consider that the child will not have damage 5 min 20 min or a week later-and this isnt child abuse.Since this hub was written and published here on Hub Pages, I have decided to not use spanking as a form of punishment, not because I think that is completely wrong to use it-but because I don't want my kids to think that when someone does something wrong it is okay to hit them. (daycare kids have taught them some bad habits I am now working on) So for me and my kids, I don't think it is the right choice-but still believe that every child is different.Thanks for stopping by and leaving your commentSmireles8 months ago This is a very good discussion about spanking. Appropriate spanking is a part of parenting. While it is not for everyone, or even for every child, it is an option. After raising three sons to adulthood who are completely different in personality I have this observation. Some children are more easily led than others. Some ignore everything you tell them, and some listen some of the time. The punishment should suit the crime. My youngest son may have been spanked once or twice in his life and is a well adjusted adult. My middle son got the most spankings and is a very happy well adjusted adult. Personality is key to discipline.H.C Porter8 months ago Smireles, You are so very right. Personality is the key-each child is different and must be taught and punished accordingly. Thank you for stopping by and reading this hub-and for leaving a comment-it is very much appreciated.tybell747 months ago I love this hub. I am a mother of 3 children. I believe in spanking. I remember something my uncle always taught me though, and that is, if you spank a child with your hand, children associate that experience with the parent, however if you utilize say a wooden spoon for a swat, they associate the punishment with that object. My point is they will then resent the object and not the parent. Now I'm not sure how true that is but I do know that it works in my home. Now a swat means something to crab their attention. Pain is not something that needs to be associated with spanking. Sometimes its going to sting a little but that is just discipline. Anyone who utilizes spanking knows that just the swat itself wakes up a child. They immediately wake up when they see my spoon and most of the time I don't even have to use it. I don't believe that every infraction requires a spanking. A warning can sometimes be just what you need. When in a public place I have definately come to fear discipline, even speaking to my children firmly attracts attention. What has happened to this world. Do you guys see how these children are acting nowadays? They have lost all respect for authority. I thank the government and CPS agencies for sticking their nose where it doesn't always belong. Child abuse is now a common word that in some cases is very necessary, however, I feel that a parent who is not correcting a child is committing child abuse. One of the other things that I have noticed is that the older a person is, the more they respect a parent who corrects a child. What does that say for our world today? I think it says we have lost touch with correct parenting methods. I would much rather have my children grow up to be more like some of the elder members of our communities than the younger ones.H.C Porter7 months ago I agree with your last line whole heartily-I would much rather my children grow up to be like some of the older members of society than the younger ones. I think you should write a hub about spanking-your views are very realistic and commendable from my point of view-I appreciate you taking the time to share so in depth what you believe to be discipline vs. child abuse. I too have never laid a swat on my childs butt to hurt them-but just as you stated, to wake them up to realization. I would rather they be startled that end up being hurt. Thanks again for the comment, I appreciate the feedback :)untamedangel6 months ago I have two sons and thay are as different as day and night, so i've hard to use creative ways to punish them. As far s " spanking " goes my oldest son got many spankings  because he was a very stubborn child and got into all kind of trouble, and timeouts did not work on him.  Fortunately for him and me, my Mom helped raise him, so i sort of got a break on the punishment angle.  With my little one it's a totally diffferent scenario, he is a negotiator, so we talk about his punishments  if there is to be any, he has rarely been spanked! I try to talk to him about things concerning him, so usually my tone of voice will let him know wether he's in trouble or not. So for me i would say am for spanking  along with timeouts and denying privileges because sometimes one form of punishment mightn't work  but a combination would.H.C Porter6 months ago untamedangel, thanks for reading and commenting. I think you explained it quite nicely, every child is different-and as a parent we need to determine the best way to discipline and teach our children, which within a family can differ from child to child. Discipline is part of teaching kids so they are responsible adults, it is necessary in their development. I commend you on your ability to see your kids as two separate individuals that require different means of showing right and wrongNoNe4 months ago What about PARENT abuse?H.C Porter4 months ago NoNe, I know it exists- but I am not too sure how wide spread parental abuse is. It would be an interesting topic to research and write on. Thanks for stopping in and reading :)MyMastiffPuppies4 months ago I know this can be a touchy subject, kudos to you for writing it. I received more than my share of spankings (okay maybe not all I should have), but the point is I continue to believe in the philosophy of being able to discipline your children. I understand the difference between discipline and abuse and do not condone abuse of any form or fashion. But I have two great, well behaved, well adjusted boys so I am stand behind my right to spank.H.C Porter4 months ago mymastiffpuppies,spanking is a very hard subject to write on- I didnt want to condone child abuse in any way-but also wanted to say spanking when done correctly- can help when teaching your children what they can and can not do. I knew what was right and wrong when a child-and i am a well rounded adult now---now a days, there are many kids that walk all over their parents and society (they need a spanking/time out and some of them need a detention center) it makes me wonder how society will be when these kids grow up???jason3 months ago The funny thing to me is how everyone acts likes things were so much better in the past. How kids were better behaved. I call bullshit. Maybe history lessons are needed.H.C Porter3 months ago jason- thanks for the comment. kids are kids, as parents we need to figure out a logical way to keep our kids from hurting or getting hurt-perhaps a history lesson is in need-so is socializing classes and anger management.angeegirl6 weeks ago The spanking subject can be a double edged sword. Defining the line between abuse or not is what the real issue is. There is such a heightened state of sensitivity in terms of this issue. The saddest part of all is that ordinary people who are not abusive are being called out for minor issues like you mentioned such as slapping a child's hand for hitting their sibling and the real abusers are safe and sound in their homes. Unfortunately this shifts the paradigm of control in the household towards the children. This will be the moral dilemma we will see when this generation grows into adulthood. Maybe something to do with your ME Generation Hub.:)H.C Porter6 weeks ago angeegirl-Thanks for commenting on another hub :) the system is very dysfunctional and the ones who need to be punished are often hiding behind doors- the others who are trying to be good parents and raise responsible well behaved people that know that they are not allowed to do what they want when they want are the parents being scrutinized....its horrible- makes me feel as though I should let my kids run wild rather than chance that CPS will show up and try to take them away or put me under a magnifying glass. Maybe you are right---its the ME Generation...  Thanks again for the feedbackSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites100H.C PorterFrom Lone Star State745 Followers116 HubsJoined 14 months agoRead more hubs by H.C PorterContact H.C PorterFollow H.C PorterSubscribe to H.C Porter's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk H.C Porter a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsSpanking as a form of disciplineasked by Princessa 19 months ago28 answersAnswer this questionwhere is the border of punishement and abuseasked by confursed 5 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsWhat Children and Youth Services called - When are Parents...by kmackey32Spanking as a form of disciplineby alexd181Sparing The Rod - Is It Right Or Wrong To Spank a Child?by klw1157Teaching Begins At Birthby Menjia_RoseSpanking Versus Beating - A Form Of Discipline or...by DynamicSSafe Spanking, important information, can SAVE your LIFEby Ellandriel Discipline by Parents ForumTopicRepliesself awareness in adolescentsposted by sharanya dinesh6discipline to children 5 -11posted by lovely14569How do you get you kids to mind?posted by christy scalia30Post a new topic1 more topic Tagschildren parenting parents parent protection attention Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.686 sec)  working