Telling Lies Can Affect Your HealthHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHealthPersonal Health Information and Self-HelpBalanced LivingTelling Lies Can Affect Your HealthTelling Lies Can Affect Your Health85rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Green LotusEveryone knows that telling lies can get you into trouble. Most of us learned that as a kid. When Mom or Dad found out it was you, not the dog, who ate the last piece of chocolate cake, you were in for it. But what if you got away with it? Chances are, if you did get away with it, you tried it again and if it continued to work for you, lying became a useful tool in life. The thing is, sooner or later that kind of antisocial behavior catches up with you.  It starts to affect your relationships and it can most assuredly affect your health. The Mind Body ConnectionOur nervous systems are connected to our immune systems so it makes sense that our brain and our emotions can send out messages that affect our health. To put it simply, your body responds to the way you think. When we think happy thoughts our bodies produce endorphins; hormones that make us feel good. Those chemicals also contribute to a stronger, healthier immune system. Conversely, when we are worried, anxious or generally stressed out, our bodies produce different kinds of hormones such as cortisol, and norepinephrine. Cortisol increases blood sugar and suppresses the immune system. Norepinephrine kick starts the flight or fight response meaning our heart rate accelerates and our blood pressure goes up. Modern medical doctors as well as holistic practitioners agree that a person who lies continuously will eventually face anxiety, depression, physical illness and even psychological illness.Telling Lies Can Affect Your HealthTelling Lies Can Affect Your HealthWhy Do We Lie?Psychologists tell us that we lie because we are fearful of the consequences of telling the truth. Guilt bears a heavy burden on those who live into it, so people lie to avoid looking stupid, or incompetent, or so someone wont get angry at them.There are other reasons why people lie. People are afraid of being punished. They may feel embarrassed, they may loose face, status, or they might not get what they want, as many liars lie to manipulate people.Liars think they are protecting themselves, but that kind of payoff obliterates the meager benefits listed above and it can be devastating to ones health and happiness.First off, it takes a lot more effort to tell a lie than to tell the truth. To be a believable liar, you have to live into the lie, which often means believing in the lie yourself. Deluding yourself is stressful work because its a lot easier to remember the truth than it is to remember details of a lie. If you're questioned about the situation that led to the lie, you have to stick with it even if someone challenges your lie with proof that youre lying. It takes a smooth operator to gloss over every challenge and it takes a sharp memory to defend every lie with conviction. Even the most convincing liar constantly worries that his or her lies will be exposed. It's that kind of anxiety that brings on ulcers, headaches, sleepless nights and paranoia. Lying is not only an anti-social behavior, liars often become anti-social themselves.  If they hang around people theyve lied to, they begin to dislike those people. They may even blame them for their problems. It's no wonder that lies can ruin work relationships, marriages and friendships. If youre caught in a lie, your credibility drops to zero. Without credibility or friends it's easy to understand why liars are prone to self-criticism and depression.The Sociopath Next DoorAmazon Price: $12.45List Price: $26.99Without Conscience: The Disturbing World of the Psychopaths Among UsAmazon Price: $10.13List Price: $17.95Your Face Never Lies (Avery Health Guides)Amazon Price: $3.49List Price: $10.00Your Body Never Lies: The Complete Book Of Oriental DiagnosisAmazon Price: $10.11List Price: $16.95Don't Worry About Choosing the TruthIf you are tempted to lie, relax. Remember that the repercussions of telling the truth are really much easier on the mind and body than are the repercussions of telling a lie. There are a lot of benefits in choosing to tell the truth, including saving your sanity and physical health.Simply by saying youre sorry (if you did something wrong) and offering to make up for your error may end the ordeal quickly and you wont be plagued with having to constantly substantiate the charade of the lie.Simply by telling the truth about an embarrassing situation and taking responsibility for your actions can win you respect and perhaps even the support of others.Youll also gain a reputation for being an honest person. True, you may be known for making mistakes, but honesty is still the best policy and youll avoid that stomach ulcer.People may just become more truthful to you and that has lots of advantages. Youll worry less about whether others are telling you lies.By being a truthful person, youll become more persuasive. People will trust you more. Its ironic, but truthful people get more of what they want in life and if you get what you want you have less to stress about.By being truthful, youll sleep better, eat healthier and consequently, youll look better. To Stay Healthy, Stay HonestRemember, whether you call them fibs, white lies, or exaggerations, if it isnt the whole truth..its a lie. We don't often realize that something as simple as the words we chose, canmake us ill, but it's true. Lies will eventually eat you alive; thetruth will support and nourish your mind, body and spirit.Sodont jeopardize your mental and physical well-being by letting fearrule your actions and choice of words. Lies will enslave you...and as the saying goes, "Thetruth will set you free". If You Enjoyed This Hub, You Will Also EnjoyHolistic Medicine- Treating the Whole Mind, Body and...Holistic medicine is often defined as a medical discipline that studies the whole person, - not just the physical body, but also the mind, body and spirit. The term Holistic Medicine may also be referred to as alternative medicine, or medical praThe Twelve Spiritual Laws of Groucho MarxIts been said that theres a close relationship between great humor and the truth. This hypothesis may be observed when you compare Groucho Marxs classic one-liners with famous philosophical quotations. As you can see, theres a curious relatednessHow to Overcome Overwhelming ResponsibilitiesSometimes life throws us a curve ball and we find ourselves unwittingly faced with more responsibility than we would care to manage. It may be a family responsibility, it may be work related, it may be...Epicurus  The Happy PhilosopherFew philosophers have presented the world with a better answer to how to be happy than the Greek philosopher Epicurus. He believed everyone could be happy, its just that we were pointed in the wrong direction. vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (17)Funny Awesome (14)Beautiful (2)Health: Rediscovering Your InnocenceHealth: Are You A Health Freak?LillyGrillzit5 months ago It is much easier to tell the truth, sleeping at night, looking in the mirror - Priceless...Great Hub. Thank you.Green Lotus5 months ago Wow Lilly -that was fast. You are so welcome and thanks for the kind comments.De Greek5 months ago .This is a wonderful hub. I shall copy it and send it to my ex-wife :-))timorous5 months ago Ah yes Grasshopper...Green Lotus woman always speaks truth.[A little paraphrasing from the old Kung Fu TV series]. LOL.Anyway, another excellent hub my dear.  It's absolutely true about honesty and truth enabling you to get what you want, especially if you can make it seem honestly, and mutually beneficial to the other person, in the process.You can't make friends by lying anyway...it always comes back to bite you sooner or later.  Meanwhile, you'll have lost their trust, likely forever.msorensson5 months ago Yes, definitely, it does affect more than your health. It affects your access to universal truths.Thanks, Green Lotus.Green Lotus5 months ago De Greek - Ha Ha! Glad to be of service as always :) :) I wish I had the nerve to send this to a few on my list as well.Hi timorous - Ah Kung Fu, one of my old time favorites. Getting what you want is such an interesting subject. Like you, I choose to use honesty and making things beneficial to the other person over lying to manipulate. I've fallen into the trap of helping others by falling for their lies as they are often really tough to detect. Thanks for stopping by tim!Melinda - You are so welcome. It's so true.. serious liars who have destroyed their relationships, their health and their spirituality.Winsome5 months ago Hey GL, masterful look at a freeing truth. Lies are like puppies with a chewing fixation, they seem so innocent when you first welcome them into your life, but soon they require a great deal of following after, cleaning up of the mess they create and you are never at ease because you are always wondering what damage they may be causing next. =:)drbj5 months ago Yes, dear Hillary, you are so right. "The truth will set you free."  But first, it may make you miserable.For example: your best friend asks, "What do you think of my new outfit?" The truth? She looks terrible in it - like an elephant - in fact, like a pregnant elephant. So you lie.Tell your friend the truth and you may lose your friend. But tell a lie, and you may lose her anyway when some more truthful person answers her question.tonymac045 months ago Grat Hub with really wonderful information at many levels. I have learnt a lot from this Hub which confirms a lot of my experience.Trust is such a vital element in relationships too, and is impossible when there are lies.Love and peaceTonyGreen Lotus5 months ago Winsome - What a brilliant analogy! Puppies indeed. Maybe that's why I don't have any!Doc you've hit on the perfect example of the white-lie dilemma! Having immersed myself in the writing of this Hub I've come out a truth-teller at all costs. I do think sometimes a bit of humor can soften the blow especially when dealing with friend. I've been know to say, "do you want the truth, or a half-truth"? :) Sometimes we lie to protect people, but we never get away from ourselves or as you say, the consequences of being found out. -GLtonymac- Hello and thank you. Experience is our best teacher as is knowing who to select as friends, (even if they are relatives). Love and Peace to you too.Pamela995 months ago I think this is a very excellent hub as lying can keep you tied up in knots. I agree that the truth will set you free.  I think sometime you don't have to lie when you don't want to hurt someones feelings but you can say some meaningless phrase without answering a question directly, such as I need to think about that, or Maybe you are right.  Maybe that's a cop out for lying but I think it might be kinder at times.Jai Warren5 months ago Don't we have enough in life to worry about that's the real deal. Why complicate matters. There is a fine line between lying and being SC (socially correct). Telling the truth has it's place... on the witness stand, and when the recipient desperately needs reawakening. Great Hub GL. All the best, Ciao!Wrath Warbone5 months ago Terrific. More than wise; very educational as well. Your theme is well supported with practical fact. Thanks.Green Lotus5 months ago Pam - I love your "cop out" lines as substitutes for telling a white lie! Thanks and thanks too for the kind words :)Jai- Lying just adds stress (and illness) to one's life. You're right..who needs that! I think staying within the fine line of being "socially correct" won't destroy your sanity or health as will deceitful lies. Ciao my friend.Wrath - I really appreciate your feedback and you are also most welcome. Good to see you here!fred allen5 months ago Wow! This was fantastic! I have a 17 year old son who has been caught in several lies having to do with where he was and what he was doing. It amazed me that even when confronted with proof he was lying, he still insisted he was not. This led to much anxiety for him, culminating with a tearful breakdown. I told him, as upset as I was with his actions, it was his lies that concerned me most. I want him to read this! I'm glad I did! We don't usually think of the health implications associated with lying. Rated up and awesome!DzyMsLizzy5 months ago All so true!My husband has a placard on his desk, a Mark Twain quote, that reads, "Tell the truth and you don't have to remember anything."Green Lotus5 months ago fred- Your comment means the world to me as I feel I have done someone some small service. I do hope your son gets to read this all the way through as the reasons to "tell the truth" can be very empowering. Much thanks and best of luck.Dzy LOL!! I love that quote..so easy to remember too :)tracykarl995 months ago I love your spiritually minded hubs! I think that it really actually hurts to lie ~ and it hurts even more to be lied to. The truth usually does will-out, does it not? So might as well tell the truth ~ Thanks, Green Lotus!!Arthur Windermere5 months ago Hey GL,Excellent points about guilt and anxiety. Nothing I can argue with there. Oh, remember when I said there's nothing I can argue with? I was lying:When I was a Catholic, I refused to say anything remotely untrue, and people who knew this, like my mother, used it against me, often cruelly, causing me embarrassment and discomfort. There are times when people have no business asking you the questions they're asking and to say "I don't want to answer" can be the equivalent to an admission--at those times, I think one is morally justified in lying and shouldn't feel guilty for it. We should be free to reveal information at our own pace. A policy of always telling the whole truth strips us of that legitimate freedom to privacy. Not every lie, after all, is to cover up some shameful activity. Sometimes we just don't want certain people to know certain things and are totally justified in feeling this way. So there are times when lying is a justifiable move that needn't and shouldn't entail guilt or anxiety.I loathe lying, because I love knowledge. But I loathe guilt and anxiety more than lying. So here's my advice to the kids: If you're going to lie, do it without guilt and anxiety; remember that lying is an adventure, so just enjoy the journey and don't worry about the destination. hehehepeacefulparadox5 months ago For sure, there is a mind-body connection between how your thoughts affect your physical body.  I do believe that harmful lies are harmful to health.   When you tell a "harmful lie", there is always some guilt (whether you are conscious of it or not).  Chronic guilt would eventually have effect on the body.  (The only exception are those who are diagnosed as clinical psychopaths -- by definition, they do not and can not feel guilt when they lie or manipulate others.)I make a distinction here between "harmful lie" and "white lie". "White lie" is different from "harmful lie".  The difference is all in the intent.  If your intent is to harm, manipulate, or achieve own gains by lying, then it is a "harmful lie".  If your intent is to help, then it is a "white lie".ladyjane15 months ago Wow what a great hub and you made some very valid points here about lying and how stressful it is to keep the lie going when it is much easier to just tell the truth. Great lesson here and great read very well written. Cheers.Green Lotus5 months ago tracy- Being caught in a lie does tend to reduce your credibility, often to zero and as you say being lied to does little to support a healthy relationship. Good to see you here and thanks.Arthur - I always appreciate your comments and alternative viewpoints. Thanks for sharing your experience about an instance where telling the truth had a negative impact on a relationship. I suppose not everyone (meaning the other person) is ready or willing to hear the truth or is intelligent enough not to be judgmental.  Being brutally honest can affect a relationship, no denying that. Your comment about privacy is quite valid, especially when one is intimidated into revealing information that would be incriminating. Lying is always a form of self-protection and your gut instinct is your best guide as to whether it's the right choice. Of course it's always good to look at the payoff. My gut instinct would be to get away from those who belittle us for telling the truth. Cheers!peaceful - Thanks for your insightful words. There will always be a distinction between a harmful lie and a white lie and every situation is no doubt different. The fact remains they are both forms of untruthful communication. They both have some impact on a relationship and on oneself. Only time will prove whether the lie was helpful or harmful.As an example, I've often pondered over whether I would try to protect a fragile relative from devastating news buy telling a "white lie". I think it may be helpful at first, but I'd loose sleep worrying about keeping the secret going. Sometimes even those white lies can come back to slap us when we least expect it.ladyjane - Glad to see you agree. It seems for most of us, lying is a stress producing act. Telling the truth may bring on some heavy consequences but I do agree with you, most of the time lying has greater repercussions. Cheers to you!Shalini Kagal5 months ago I like the way you've tied up honesty with health. I wish we could teach our children from the time they are very young that the way of truth is always the less tangled, easier way. And teach them to have courage to tell the truth out loud. Wonderful hub, Green Lotus!Green Lotus5 months ago I always appreciate your comments Shalini. Much thanks. I think if a lesson is to be learned, one has to point to the many benefits of doing things truthfully. Cheers.fucsia5 months ago Wow! What a good news! I am always sincere: for me it is easier this way: I can not keep in live a lie. But I did not know that this is useful to stay healthy... So  Thank you for sharing this!Green Lotus5 months ago fucsia - Much obliged! So glad you agree and thanks for becoming a follower.daphne sy5 months ago wow good point of views. . .I felt guilty when I read this coz sometimes I commited this kind of mistake, I lied! lol Yeah you are right. Being open and genuine can keep you at peace all the time. Thank you so much for sharing, it's an eye opener. http://healthyflat.comGreen Lotus5 months ago hi daphne - It takes a lot to admit to lying, but we've all done it at one time or another. Just a bad habit to get into. Glad to be of helpKaie Arwen5 months ago Green Lotus- This was great! I myself have one of those very expressive faces that belies the lie.......... so I don't. In raising my children......... they found out quickly that my anger over their attempts to lie was far worse than my anger would have been over any truth they could ever have told me.......... so our relationships are quite honest. We have an agreement amongst us that if we're asked a question we have to tell the truth, but to be very sure we really want to know the answer before we ask........... at times that's been difficult, but in the long run it's been one of the best agreements we've ever made.I visited my daughter in the spring, and her every action told me that something just wasn't right. Finally, I asked, "is there something you need to tell me?' Well, there was, and she told me, and I by no means enjoyed hearing it, but I'm happy I did. She'd never lied to me because she doesn't, but what she had kept from me had been eating her up inside........... had she lied; it would still be doing just that.Great Hub............ insightful and full of great advice............ rated up ~ KaieGreen Lotus5 months ago Kaie- If only all parents adopted your attitude, there would be a lot more happier, well adjusted people in the world :)I think we all experiment with lying at an early age and everyone has a different experience. Whatever that experience, it makes us who we are today. Thanks for sharing your story. ((hugs)) GLJemmy-T5 months ago I never tough about this topic seriously until I read your hubs. Actually it's very logic and make sense to much lies have direct relationship to bad health.WE55 months ago GL,Interesting Hub as usual. I can tell you think about this from the heart. I too consider honesty to be the very best policy. Besides, by telling truths its really no effort to keep your story straight! Except of course when your memory is failing...but that's the subject of another Hub!Green Lotus5 months ago Jemmy - I'm glad you came by for the read and do hope to have shared some logical info. Stay healthy!WE5 - Good to see you again and I agree, telling the truth is easier than lying in the long run. When memory begins to fail you, lying becomes even more difficult :)Tatjana-Mihaela5 months ago Great Hub.Well, altough, if other person lies, he/she will never belive that somebody else is honest and telling the truth...but honesty (at first towards oneself) helps a lot.Thank you for nice article.B Stucki5 months ago This is a great hub! Telling the truth is 100% better than lying! This is some great information on the health benefits for telling the truth. You have great detail and backing facts! Thanks for the hub!Green Lotus5 months ago tatjana - Honesty does begin with oneself! I do think liars also are distrustful of others. Thank you for reading and commenting with such thoughtful words.B Stucki - I'm pleased to meet you and happy you found this so confirming. There really are a lot of facts to back it up the whole health issue and the consequences of lying :)culturespain5 months ago I guess the really important thing is to distinguish between lies and fibs - the latter often being a necessary 'evil' to protect others.  Is that fair?Green Lotus5 months ago culturespain - Thanks for commenting. I mentioned in an earlier response that telling a fib to "protect others" can also backfire, so one has to tread delicately and hope not to get caught. There are always consequences.timorous5 months ago Also, we sometimes "leave out" certain bits of information, which we may consider less relevant to the situation...just to avoid embarrassment for ourselves or offending or hurting other people's feelings.This isn't exactly lying, as you're not making anything up.  Much like the 'little white lies' scenario.You have to choose carefully, and try and be diplomatic...it's tricky.Ana Barroso5 months ago Green Lotus you are so right. I believe in that as well.You must believe and practice the same things I do. Good for us. I liked it a lot. Keep writing. I write too, if go to my blog anabarrosolove.comNell Rose5 months ago Hi, I know one thing, you have to have a great memory for lying, as you say it's definitely not good for your health! I have had to lie quite a few times in the past to keep the peace in my house and I know how stressful it can be! so true! lol thanks nellBonnebartron 5 months ago Brilliant hub! I love this take! I'm bookmarking this!daydreamer135 months ago Brilliant!!!jill of alltrades5 months ago Great hub GL!Once you tell a lie, you have to tell another lie to cover it or to explain it, and then the cycle goes on. Then you begin to start believing in your lie and everything becomes blurred. So you are absolutely right - lying can affect your health! I love the way you tied that up.The truth may hurt but it's always liberating.Thanks for this wonderful hub GL!ellewoods5 months ago What a great way to attack a more serious but popular subject.Anil Lyall5 months ago A true blue piece of sharing.  Thanks.  Truth is strength, joy, divine and eternal.  Through lying, a coward seeks pleasure and short-term escape by cheating self through payoffs most harmful in long run.  Containing 'bitter' truth is wisdom, requires humility, detachment and forgiveness, and is not difficult to practice; expands your heart like an ocean.  Enjoy and spread the message.Query - Use of pseudonym?  Comment pls.Green Lotus5 months ago timorous- Hello! I forgot about lying by "leaving it out"! That's a tricky one... it's up there (or just above) refusing to answer an intimidating question. Sometimes we just have to do what our gut tells us. Thanks for contributing here :)Ana - Thanks for stopping by and for the kind words. I will check out your spot too.Hi Nell! I've been there myself at times and have learned a few lessons too! Sometimes it's really difficult to weigh the payoff of telling a lie or a fib, but I think you get 10 points for pondering before striking.Bonnebarton - You are so kind to say that Bonne and I'm honored by the bookmark!Daydreamer - Hello!....and nice to meet you. Glad you enjoyed the read.Hello jill - You are so right and I'm glad you brought up the cycle of lies (sounds like a B movie). I do know a few people who lie so often they really do believe their own lies. I think they call them "pathological liars". After a while you can spot them coming. Thanks for your wise words.ellewoods - Thank you too for checking it out! Stay healthy :)Anil- Always happy to share especially if I can inspire people to stay healthy and think along more positive lines. Likewise, it makes me feel good if I can help others so it's reciprocal.I chose my pseudonym because I am vested in all things green (especially green energy) and I aspire to the spiritual symbolism behind the lotus blossom. Namaste!Laura in Denver5 months ago Nice hub, thanks!One should consider that it takes "mental real estate" to stay consistant with a lie.On the other hand, I see little harm when saying "Yeah, sure", when someone is downhearted and fishing for a compliment. Perhaps when their spirits are up will I say what I really think--and with quite a bit more sensitivity than Simon Cowell!sarmack5 months ago The accepted norm today, in this country, is to lie.  During a training at a corporation near where I live, we were instructed to lie to the customer to get the response we needed.  We were polled to see how many of us think it is OK to lie and to see how many of us have lied to a customer service rep to get our own way.  I believe I was the only person to answer no to both questions.  I am no longer with that company as I cannot Sacrifice my religious Beliefs for something so basic and straight from the 10 Commandments.  This article is good and should open a few eyes.  Illness is rampant in this country due to the need to make money by the medical community.  I agree... lieing (by the medical community) can make you ill!bushraismail5 months ago great hub. this is the way to teach the adults not to lie.M Selvey, MSc5 months ago I love this hub and the way you supported what you were saying with the scientific evidence. However, I do think there are people (sociopaths) who actually get a rush from telling lies and getting away with escaping the truth. It just doesn't phase them that there are consequences to their health or their karma.Keeping healthy and honest, very good advice! :-)Green Lotus5 months ago Laura- "mental real estate", now there's a clever concept! Thanks for sharing your thoughts, it's always appreciated.sarmak- So nice to see you here. I can't believe a corporation would instruct people to lie! That's not to say I think you are lying as I'm sure you are truthful :) Glad you decided to leave that situation. Peace!bushraismail - Thank you for stopping by to comment!Hi M Selvey - I know people just like those you describe (unfortunately) and they are the most difficult. Sometimes it's best to walk away from them and as you say, leave them to their own karmic end.Underworld-Craft5 months ago Lotus, it's true and you are so right. Telling lies greatly affects one's health. You seem simple yet this write up is deeep so. perhaps we could mingle for the sake of deep thoights.Lightuponlight5 months ago Yes! I agree with you 100%. A useful hub! Thanks for sharing!I am going to share this on twitter, i hope you do not mind.Peace and Blessings!Green Lotus5 months ago Underworld-Craft - Thank you and it's good to meet you. A warm welcome to HP.Lightuponlight - So glad you found this useful. Peace to you as well. Much thanks for the tweet too!!:)prasetio305 months ago Nice hub and very inspiring, my friend. This is about heart. We can't lie and cheat our heart. When we try to hurt our heart it give bad impact. The effect is absolutely not good for our health. I heard that the disease also come from our mind. And it proven by many people. They wouldn't happy. right! Vote this UP.PrasetioPapa Sez5 months ago Hi Green Lotus, as a parent, I am making sure that the kids don't fall into the habit of lying.  Although it's difficult at times, I agree that honesty will make the world much better for everyone.  Thanks for this great hub.Cheers!Papa SezGreen Lotus5 months ago prasetio- Hello my friend and thanks for contributing your wise words here. The heart is very much a part of the whole mind body connection, perhaps it is at its center, for lying has the potential to destroy love. Thanks for the vote too:)Papa Sez - Welcome and I appreciate reading your words. Although coming clean can be really difficult at times, especially for youngsters, it's best they experience the stress of lying before it becomes habit forming, as well as the many benefits of telling the truth. Cheers to you too!stevemark1220005 months ago Words of wisdom! Thanks for sharing.Green Lotus5 months ago stevemark- thanks and nice to meet you!saddlerider15 months ago There are so many reasons why a person will lie. You have covered many of them here. Lying to me is harmful to ones health. I never feel good about myself if I am forced into even a white little lie. They always come back to haunt us and catch us up in the end.If life was so perfect we wouldn't have to expose ourselves to games that all humans play. Stretching the truth is one thing, however telling huge lies for self gain and ego trips is totally unacceptable behavior.I try never to lie, but I would be lying if I told you i didn't lie occasionally, but they are teensy weensy little guys that shouldn't count and be held against me. Right Lord? lolGreen Lotus5 months ago saddlerider you are too funny. You know I would never hold anything against you. (I do believe that's that punchline for a naughty joke) All aside, what you are saying makes a lot of sense. No one's perfect... and sane, caring people usually know where to draw the line when it comes to stretching the truth. Thanks!Denise K Zimmerma4 months ago I don't know why you are talking about lying, for some don't have any reason to lie, nor stretch the truth. For what it is worth. I have nothing to lie about.Green Lotus4 months ago Denise sounds like you are doing the right thing. Many don't realize that lying can affect your health.bayareagreatthing4 months ago What an interesting hub. It is really uncomfortable to lie even when you are trying to protect someone's feelings.It constantly amazes me how the human body and mind works. Thanks for a good read!Green Lotus4 months ago byarea- Glad you found this one interesting. Much thanks!2pretty2sweat4 months ago great hub.. i have a hard time trusting people because i've caught them in lies so many timesGreen Lotus4 months ago 2pretty1- Thanks for commenting here and for your kind words.When someone continually lies to you it becomes impossible believe them even if they tell the truth. I have great difficulty trusting those people too!epigramman4 months ago ...not worried about my health being affected - because plain and simple - your hubs are terrific!Green Lotus3 months ago epigraman - You are so kind to say so!Joe Badtoe3 months ago if it's so bad for your healthhow come Cheney, Dubya, Rove, Rumsfeld etc are still up and running?They told some big lies too!Green Lotus3 months ago Joe...who said they were in great health? LOLadrienne23 months ago Green Lotus this is a really good article, have voted, and tweeted!Green Lotus3 months ago adrienne so nice of you to stop by for the read. Your tweet and vote is greatly appreciated. Cheers!lindaadams373 months ago Interesting stuff! A person's conscience is certainly related to his/her physical and mental health. Moreover, it has been rightly said that "a person who is fond of telling lies must have a good memory".Green Lotus3 months ago linda- i'd say "a person who is fond of telling lies BETTER have a good memory!!" Thanks!richtwf4 weeks ago An excellent hub and enjoyed reading it.There's probably one thing which beats lying and that's telling the truth with bad intent.Telling the truth isn't easy but it's always the right thing to do. It's our fears that cause some of us to cover up, makes excuses - essentially lie to escape the consequences of something that we were responsible for.If we can just have the courage to 'suffer' the short-term pain of confessing then we won't have to endure the destructive long-term consequences of what lying can do to our mental and physical well-being.Thanks for sharing these thoughts.Cheers and God bless!Green Lotus4 weeks ago I do like the way you think. I will definitely ponder over "telling the truth with bad intent". You must Hub about that one rich! I need to learn more!acaetnna3 weeks ago What a wonderful article.  So accurate in my opinion. A good liar has to live the lie completely and they also have to have a very good memory! It is sometimes difficult to tell the truth but it is definitely the best policy I believe. A small lie can grow into a much bigger one and then it can become a health problem with all the stress it may cause.  I hasten to add that I am not commenting from experience but that is how I view it! Always tell the truth how ever much it hurts is far better in the long run! Great hub here.  Voted up and pressed your tabs!Green Lotus3 weeks ago acaetnna so nice to meet you and thanks for adding some wisdom to this Hub!roshanmaz2 weeks ago WOW THAT IS REALLY A GREAT ADVICE I REALLY APPRECIATED IT THANKS...Green Lotus2 weeks ago roshanmaz you are most welcome!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesBanish Migraine HeadachesIf youve suffered from migraines you will know just how intense and debilitating they are; read about how I got rid of them and no longer get them.  It's very exciting to be pain free! This is my experience of howI cured migraine... - 5 months agoHealth Topics and RemediesGateway to links on a myriad of health topics and health-related topics.  Ailments:  Polyarteritis Nodosa, mental illness, cancer, childrens ear infections.  Remedies and treatment for:  Back pain, carpal tunnel syndrome, cubital tunnel syndrome, distal radius fracture, ankle sprains, pregnancy prevention, migraine headaches, weak hands, improving memory, childrens pinworms.  Natural Remedies for:  Blood pressure, hemorrhoids and piles, yeast infections, stretch marks, aromatherapy bath, essen - 5 months agoBook Review:  CIG to Dairy-Free EatingAre you following a dairy-free diet? Whether you have a milkallergy, have been diagnosed with lactose intolerance, or if you live with afamily member who has one of these conditions, or if you simply want... - 5 months ago96Green LotusFrom Atlanta650 Followers96 HubsJoined 16 months agoRead more hubs by Green LotusContact Green LotusFollow Green LotusSubscribe to Green Lotus's RSS feedAnswers The QuestionHubMob Weekly Topic: The return of the Health Hubsasked by Princessa 5 months ago130 answersAnswer this question Ask a QuestionAsk Green Lotus a question based on this Hub.Questions Asked on this HubMy bf constantly lie's to me, and when I find out the truth I can't stop shaking. Why?asked by pamm47 2 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsYour Brain And Your Immune System - Can You Really Think...by Veronica AllenDerren Brown - Reading Body Language - Tricks of The Mindby TerryandcoHow To Stay Healthy And Boost The Immune Systemby Song-BirdThe Truth About the Flu Vaccine Side Effects: Long Term...by stevemark122000Should we live telling lies throughout the lifeby SANDO5Holistic Treatments for Seasonal Depressionby Money Glitch Balanced Living ForumTopicRepliesCan you share your favorite 'Life Quote'?posted by LouMacabasco101Lack of Energyposted by Ian Ganahl60Maybe if I make my To-Do list public this week, I'll get it done eh?posted by globalserenity15Post a new topic1 more topic Tagshow to truth immune system lies honesty mind body Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.661 sec)  working