Up to 1,000 rally in NYC for health care bill // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 206Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 71Corporations or politicians hurting America? 11The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | August 30, 2009| 65 commentsUp to 1,000 rally in NYC for health care billsource: http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20090830/ap_on_re_us/us_health_care_rallyAn error occurred while setting up video display.KSirys added thisNEW YORK  About a thousand people rallied in Manhattan on Saturday in support of federal health care reform legislation.The event near Times Square began shortly after the funeral for U.S. Sen. Edward Kennedy, and took-on the feel of a tribute to the liberal leader.One person carried a sign that said, "TeddyCare for all."U.S. Rep. Carolyn Maloney told the crowd the bill will lower health care costs for almost everyone. The New York Democrat also invoked Kennedy, saying the senator understood the need for change.Opponents say the legislation will cost too much and diminish the quality of care.** I would have gone if someone would have mentioned it!! **groups:News, Current Tonight, Healthcare, Be Part of the Solution tags:News,Support,Rallies |65 comments// Up to 1,000 rally in NYC for health care billhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0ellatalkHealthcare please. It works in England it'll work here. Get over the hype and accept it is a good idea already America. 1 year agoflag  reply0onemaleflaThis Government has done nothing but overspend and waste money since the day of it's founding.All of this shit has to do with only one thing. The hater's do not want an intelligent black man telling them how it is going to be. WubYa is a fucking war criminal and has done more damage to the constitution the Obama ever will. Every President steps on it.ALL OF US particepate in Government run programs from the day we are born until the day we die. And we all benefit from Gov. handouts, whatever form it may be. Piss off when yo tell me you have worked for everything you have and no one has given you a hand out or helped you. You are just being an arrogant dick.Quit hiding behind the mask of healthcare and other opposition's.All those full of hate about the "healthcare issue" are either laying or lack true self awareness and can not see they are racist's. 1 year agoflag  reply0TikbalangAmerica will never have a single payer healthcare system because Americans do not trust their own freely elected government. Americans distrust and fear the officials they freely elected. Instead, Americans trust insurance companies. It is okay for an insurance company to deny a policy because of a pre-existing condition, to delay payment on a claim while the patient gets sicker, to refuse a claim while the patient dies, or to pay a small part of the claim resulting in huge copays that will bankrupt the policy holder. Americans call this system free choice and free enterprise because they can chose the insurance company that kills or bankrupts them. Americans like having a choice. Americans believe that in a single payer system their own freely elected government will take over healthcare. This will result in death panels of politicians deciding who will live and die. Americans prefer the existing system where insurance CEOs decide who lives and dies. Single payer means no competition. Even though converting to single payer would save $350 billion in paperwork costs alone Americans prefer competition. Competition is good and has done so much for healthcare already. The price of your healthcare insurance keeps going down every month because of all the competition and free enterprise and the hard work of the CEOs of the insurance companies. Americans believe their own freely elected government is incapable of handling so big a business as healthcare. A big company like General Motors, AIG, or Enron would be far better at managing healthcare than the government. They also fear their tax dollars will be spent inappropriately. This could result in a band aid being given to a person who did not pay taxes. That would be socialism if that happened. It only takes one band aid for democracy to perish and socialism to take over. I dont understand why were are even debating this issue when every American knows we have the best healthcare system in the world. Canadians are standing in lines outside of every American hospital. Nothing needs to change. 1 year agoflag  reply0thewallisgirlObama's health care plan was written by a committee whose head man says he doesn't understand it, passed by a Congress that hasn't read it, whose members will be exempt from it, signed by a president who smokes, funded by a treasury chief who did not pay his taxes, overseen by a surgeon general who is obese, and financed by a country that is broke. 1 year agoflag  reply0onemalefla  thewallisgirl:and how do you pay for your health care if you are traveling the country practicing your vibrational alchemy?if you have none and you go to the hospital then indigent care pays for it, that is the Gov. my friend. 1 year agoflag  reply0thewallisgirl  thewallisgirl:onemalefla,  I don't live my life in fear.. I'm a healthy person and I know there are natural remedies for everything. Unlike most Americans, I TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR MY ACTIONS and I choose to live a healthy life with little doctor intervention. If more people eat healthy, read the labels of the food they eat/ and any product they use on their body, and found natural alternatives to their prescribed medications, a "healthcare crisis" wouldn't even be emerging. I actually have clientele that are doctors so If I was really in need of emergency care I'd pay for it (yes, I would pay for it) or work something out by trading services. But seriously.. Its not my fault people choose to eat their way into their graves. Your health is based on the CHOICES YOU MAKE...   If the sick people want to pay into a public option to receive health care than that is fine, just don't expect me to be a part of it. 1 year agoflag  reply0onemalefla  thewallisgirl:thewallisgirl"But seriously.. Its not my fault people choose to eat their way into their graves. Your health is based on the CHOICES YOU MAKE..."Sometimes even the most healthy people in the world can be struck down by disease or catastrophe.What if you had an accident that put you in the hospital for ,lets say, 3 -5 days.Even if your Dr friends fixed you for free, provided that they practice on the particular injuries you may have, there will still be a bill from the hospital that would be in 1000's if not 10's of thousands.If you are uninsured that money goes indigent and you end up paying as a tax payer anyway. 1 year agoflag  replyocchipij [removed]This comment was removed as a violation of community guidelines.0MilchMann  occhipij:There is a reason for that, insurance companies bleed doctors in general care to death... so no one wants to struggle their entire lives trying to do it. 1 year agoflag  reply0Found_AvenueYeah, ONLY 1000 people showed up at a spontaneous, un-advertised event! What a sad turn out!Ha!!!! Grasping at straws, much, I Hate The Mall??? 1 year agoflag  reply0IhatethemallSo in a city that has.....what 10 million people in the general metro area....maybe more, 1000 people showed up to support the health care bill and in little cities all across the USA  many having populations of well under half million you have the same amount of people showing up or more. Doesnt sound real good for the "I want the GOV to pay for my health care" group.Hell I don't even think I would have posted this story if I was a pro-health care person. I'd be asking why weren't there more. Course I know why there weren't more. Everyone who supports it in NYC showed up. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  Ihatethemall:Right, because the percentage of Americans who support health care reform is proportional to a particular rally. That's all kinds of crazy, but apparently that's your MO around here. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  Ihatethemall:Well one would think in NYC you should be able to get more than a 1000 people to a rally that the DNC says is a life or death kinda bill. I mean according to them this will save gazillions of dollars and save tens of thousands of lives in this country and only 1000 people show up to support it. Not real good numbersCourse look at all the folks who show up to rally against it. Now those numbers are growing quickly. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  Ihatethemall:A large majority of Americans support the public option and the other aspects of health care reform. The fact that a few paranoid conservatives can show up and yell at things doesn't mean much. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  Ihatethemall:The few huh? They have to put limits on how many people can get in thats how many are showing up to these things. All the DNC propaganda you listen to is infecting your brain. Just because they say it doesn't mean it true. Half the democrats are not holding meetings because they don't want to deal with the voters that they are pissing off. They know better than to believe the DNC bullshit. They know that these are the people that are going to be at the polls in 2010. They want to win in that election. As I have said for years. All politicians would sell us down the river if there was a profit to be made or an election to be won. I HATE THEM ALL.Be prepared to be sold down the river. The democrats will sell you down it to win the next election. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  Ihatethemall:Well your non-partisan hatred truly is commendable, but the fact remains that the majority of Americans support reform. Disgruntled Fox viewers don't represent this country. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  Ihatethemall:WHOA. I never said that health care shouldn't be reformed. If I gave you that impression I am sorry. I do believe that it needs to be fixed. I do not have an answer. I do however think that the government getting involved to any great degree is the wrong way to go. I really can't think of anything the government runs in an efficent manner without fraud and waste. The government is unable to conduct any business that does not have fraud and waste in it and it is usually to the extreme. The last thing we need to do is to give them something this big to get their teeth into. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  Ihatethemall:You're right. If there's something corporations don't have, it's fraud and waste... 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  Ihatethemall:Well, I don't really know how to answer that. Yes some comapnies have fraud and waste. Some may have more than others. I would figure that most companies that have massive fraud or waste in them won't last very long. The differance with our GOV is they don't have to worry about going broke, they just print more money and we as the tax payers have to pay it back. Now with all the bailouts our government is doing it seems that we are now also paying for the problems with the private comapines. Both parties did this. Both parties are useless when it comes to representing the peoples views. They both are far more concerned with getting the money for campaign donations than they are with what we think. There are certainly compaines that are run successful with out fraud and waste. I don't think that could be said about any level of government. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  Ihatethemall:I wonder who supports corruption in government. Probably not corporations. It's just spontaneous. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  Ihatethemall:Im no fan of big corporations. They control our government. It is a vicious cycle. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  Ihatethemall:On that we can agree. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  Ihatethemall:Finally.....lol Truth be told I don't know what the answer is. I just have a pretty good feeling that the GOV controlling it is not the right answer. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  Ihatethemall:I'm no fan of the government, philosophically speaking. It's far from perfect and I would rather have complete individual freedom. But as long as we have corporations that are built to profit from anything regardless of the cost on human life, there has to be a countervailing force. Perfect or not. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  Ihatethemall:That is the sad part. The companies that look at the human life versus the dollars. Just because I have health insurance does not mean I don't fear getting sick. Aside from the obvious issues it would raise I worry that one day I may be told old, according to some suit at a desk, to really need that type of medicine or procedure. Ain't none of us getting younger and I'm nearing 50 1 year agoflag  reply0wielandla  Ihatethemall:good point I hatethemall. Media covers their own agenda. Editorials not facts anymore. 1 year agoflag  reply0manfreddrake  Ihatethemall:My exact thoughts! 1 year agoflag  reply0riteonWayseeker,  no, I don't think they should give all there money to the poor,  but when you have a politician that has got filthy rich off the backs of the taxpayer and keep preaching about how their so concerned about the poor how about they take a couple million of their own money and build some low housing or homeless shelters.  A few million from a man that had 50 million is just a drop in the bucket.  Let him spread his own wealth instead of the taxpayers.  How about he practices what he preaches and when he does not,  he's a phony.  he talks the talk but doesn't walk the walk. 1 year agoflag  reply0stopnoisePeople just need to understand that we are humans and not products to be sold for profit. "Respect yourself, respect your own body, respect others!" Health Care is everybody's rights! The government just need to extend the model that has been proved to be successful already. Give Medicare for All!Got to love New Yorkers. NY! NY! NY! Yeah! 1 year agoflag  reply0riteon  stopnoise:Maybe you don't understand this country is going broke.  Give medicare to all?  How about you work for years and earn it?  Are you also so foolish you believe the millions of illegals should get it? 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  stopnoise:1000 people showed up to a rally to show their support in a city that has 10 million people living in the metro area and you call that a success?That many show up in towns with populations that have 100,000 or less in it to show their disapproval of the health care bill.Yeah I know, your gonna tell me how they were all sent there by the RNC. Pulease, that arguement is not only old, it isn't even true. 1 year agoflag  reply0wayseekerriteon- couldn't you say that about anybody whose wealthy?  Just give all your money to the poor! . . Life just doesn't quiet work that way. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINEThe immoral corporate slaves who surrender their morality for money are screwing us over. Health care is a human right, and it is our moral responsibility to secure that right for all. 1 year agoflag  reply0riteon  H3ADLINE:When the big boys stand and say they will go under the same healthcare plan as us,  then I might change my mind,  until then I believe not a word they say.  Then again, even if they said it,  that won't make it so.  The lies never quit coming. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  H3ADLINE:The lies? You mean like "we have the best health care in the world," or that "unregulated insurers are the most efficient?" Or perhaps "health care reform will create death panels?" They do keep on coming. Interesting how you don't even address the moral question about health care. Corporate funded paranoia takes precedent. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  H3ADLINE:I will address the moral question on health care. It is not my resposability to pay for you. That includes health care, food, medicine, house payment, heat, phone, car, education, rent, or for your kids. Heres something you might want to try....WORK. If you go to work, you can pay for all those things yourself. Just like I do. You see, if the government gives you something for free, they took it from someone like me. Someone who had to get up, go to work and make money. Now you think I should get up and make enough money to support not only me but also you. Why do you think that? why are you not able to get up and go to work and make money just like I do? Are you to lazy, drunk, high, or just uneducated? It has to be one of them. There is no reason why you can't do exactly what I do and many other Americans do every day. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  H3ADLINE:It is our moral responsibility as a society to secure a basic standard of living so that all have an equal opportunity in life. I do not believe that it is morally justifiable for children to die because their parents were kicked off their health insurance, or for that corporation's CEO to make millions doing so. You can be a selfish and immoral person if you want to support that system, but that's your failing as a human being. I don't tie someone's right to live on the basis of employment. What a shallow and sad person you must be. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  H3ADLINE:Actually pretty happy and lovin life baby. Things are going great for me. Love my wife, job, and farm. So don't worry about me.It is not my moral resposibility to secure anything for anyone. I do not have the same attitude you have. You have the attitude that the government should take care of those who can't take care of themself. I don't. If you can't take care of yourself, tough shit. . 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  H3ADLINE:"If you can't take care of yourself, tough shit."  Your enthusiastic and callous immorality is sad. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  H3ADLINE:That may be your opinion and you are entilted to it. I don't really care what you call me. You labels don't affect me. Your opinion doesn't affect me. Your inability to provide for the needs of family affect me though if you are unable to pay for them yourself and think I should "chip in" because it is my "moral responsibility" That affects me. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  H3ADLINE:Yeah, it sucks when morality actually requires you do to something. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  H3ADLINE:Yes but the only thing it seems to require me to do is open my wallet wider. How much should I be expected to pay? at what point do people like me just say to hell with it, I am sick of working for 60 70 80 hours a week to pay my bills and at the end of each week Uncle Sam is still there with his hand out saying....brother can you spare ANOTHER dime, I foolishly wasted the last one you gave me on ineffective programs filled with fraud and waste so I need some more. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  H3ADLINE:Okay. You don't HAVE to be a moral human being who feels some need to make society more equitable. I was just making a suggestion. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  H3ADLINE:COOOOOOOL, Thanks. You know I don't have any trouble helping out from time to time. I live in a VERY rural area. I have for a good portion of my life. Helping out is something I and all my neighbors do willingly. We all help each other out. By choice. It's just what we do. I just have a problem with the GOV telling me I have to do this or I have to pay for that. It shouldn't be that way. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  H3ADLINE:You're right, it shouldn't be that way. But as long as it isn't that way, we need to address the immediate problems of those who will otherwise die without adequate care. It's possible, and it's been proven to work. To let insurance companies continue to profit off of the suffering and pain of my fellow American is unacceptable. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  H3ADLINE:I agree. It is unacceptable. There should be no profit in health care.I suppose if you put GOV in control of healthcare that would all but assure there was never a profit in healthcare...... 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  H3ADLINE:I think I could live with that. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  H3ADLINE:I have to tell ya. I hate insurance companies. I own trucks. 18 wheeler trucks. The insurance on them is staggering and I only have 1 tractor and a couple trailers. I own a farm. Farm insurance is also insane. Everything from crop insurance to the buildings, liability,Health care, autos and home on top of all that. I hate them. For one truck with the trailers and all the coverage that goes along with it I pay over 5500 dollars a year just for that. I am not trying to protect the insurance companies, just myself. 1 year agoflag  reply0bubl_415  H3ADLINE:IhatethemailI've been working since I'm 17(30 now) and I barely make ends meet. I live in an expensive city and don't tell me to move because this is where I was born and raised and is all I know.(S.F) I am in school to better myself and I have student loans now on top of everything else. We are not trying to take anything from you, I pay taxes every year too. I can't afford insurance I barely make ends meet every month. I'm a single girl in the city trying to live. I've never asked for welfare, unemployment or any freebees from anyone. All I ask is to no be in more debt because I need to go to the hospital. I needed to go to the emergency room recently and now I have to worry about how to pay for the stitches I needed to get in my head because I fainted. I took a cab because I can't afford the $900 ambulance ride. That is a months rent for me. I guess I should have died on the floor alone in my apartment right?I'm a tax paying, non-criminal american. I deserve to have affordable access to health-care. We don't all have cushy jobs with benefits o.k! 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  H3ADLINE:Well your first problem is you limit yourself with your way of thinking. You say, "I live in an expensive city and don't tell me to move because this is where I was born and raised and is all I know.(S.F) "That seems to be holding you back. I was born and raised in the city of Chicago. As soon as I was able to move the hell outta there I did it. Taxes are insane, housing is insane, cost of living is insane. What do you mean, "thats all I know"? I don't understand that statement. All I knew was Chicago. Did that stop me? NO. It didn't. I picked up and moved on, all without any education. I dropped out when I was 15. When you got a job how did you do it? You never knew anything about the work world yet you got a job. How were you able to live on your own? assuming you do. You never knew life out of your parents house. Again, I would assume. The only thing keeping you in that city is the limitations you put on yourself. Nothing else. Move out, its a helluva adventure out there. 1 year agoflag  reply0riteonDid you ever see him spreading any of his own personal wealth around?  Nope,  always the tax payers. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  riteon:You mean our elected government actually pays for things with tax payer money?! You do. not. say. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  riteon:No I think what he is saying is that the democrats don't mind spending the taxpayers money because they aren't real good about paying taxes and therefore the money they spend is never really coming out of their pockets. Maybe if they actually followed the rules they write and paid taxes they would spend the money a little wiser. I 1 year agoflag  reply0Found_Avenue  riteon:Right, and instead of buying a ranch with all the money that he earned from his "friendship" with all those the Saudi Oil Boys, Baby Bush took his millions and provided iced cream cones for all us poor people, right? Grow up. Politicians these days don't spend their personal fortunes on donations to the poor, partially because of conflicts of interest, and partially because they just don't. This isn't a partisan issue - It's a "politicians" issue. 1 year agoflag  reply0rebelution07Healthcare is not a privalege, its a right!-R.I.P. Ted Kennedy 1 year agoflag  reply0riteon  rebelution07:Get a job and pay for your own.  Teddy was just like Obama,  wants to pass everyone else's money around but when you see what these to wealthy cats actually donated to anyone out of their own pockets its as good a zilch. 1 year agoflag  reply0H3ADLINE  rebelution07:It's our first right, and it's about time we protect it. 1 year agoflag  reply0Ihatethemall  rebelution07:Really? It's a right? Where exactly does it say that? And if you think it's our First right may I suggest something for you to read........ 1 year agoflag  reply0bubl_415  rebelution07:RiteonNot everyone can afford insurance! It is hard to stay afloat living in one of the most expensive cities in this country.(I am born and raised in San Francisco)You want to pay my rent for me and I will go get some insurance. You don't know other peoples financial situations and it's hard even getting work right now. Even if you have a job or two they don't always cover all expenses. A lot of us live pay check to pay check. I'm trying to better myself by going college but I have student loans to pay on top of it all.There are a lot of hard working people out there that are at a disadvantage.I fully agree with rebelution07.I'm saying the same thing myself. 1 year agoflag  replymore fromNews:Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick Latest News Wyatt Earp SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Latest Updates Five People Injured In SUV Rollover most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  9 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  18 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  19 minutes agoI will defend anyone's right to free speech.   I merely hope those doing the speaking understand the consequences of their words.  Speak from the heart but think with your conscience. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  1 hour agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog