Don't Tell The BrideHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsGender and RelationshipsWeddings and Wedding PlanningWedding StoriesDon't Tell The BrideDon't Tell The Bride91rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy moonbunDon't Tell The BrideDon't Tell The Bride is a BBC Three tv show that provides engaged couples with 12,000 (around $19,200 at the time of writing) to get married with. Only snag is that the couple must live seperately for 3 weeks leading up to the wedding and have no contact with each other. The groom must plan and organise the wedding without any input or help from the bride.It may sound a bit like madness, but for couples who can't afford to get married in a traditional manner, i.e. with a service and reception for family and friends, it's the difference between being a wife or husband, or a long term fiance or fianc. It's not something that I personally could ever enter into because I'm a very private person, but for people who don't mind cameras following them for 3 weeks and the end result being a much desired union, it's an option. See all 5 photosThe DressThe Missing GroomThe Bride Without An Invite To Her Own WeddingAppearing For 15 Minutes Of Fame Or True Love?The show is now into it's third series and there has always been much debate on various forums and sites about the intergrity of the programme makers and the couples talking part. I purposely chose which category to put this hub into very carefully. I could have gone down the Entertainment - TV - Reality Shows route, but I didn't because it just didn't seem right. I choose the categories of Gender & Relationships - Weddings - Wedding Stories.Despite the show quite clearly being that of the reality format, I chose the latter category because I'm a romantic. There has been lots of things written on the internet about how the couples talking part just want to appear on tv, to get that elusive 15 minutes of fame. I do believe that in a very few cases that has been true, not necessarily by both parties, but definitely by one in some instances.However, I have read some really heartfelt comments on sites from people who want to appear on the show for no other reason than the desire to be married and to celebrate with family and friends. Most couples genuinely just want to be on the show for the 12,000 to get married with. But you've still got to have the desire to be on tv right?The third series which is currently showing on BBC Three is pulling in 600,000 viewers for it's first showing on Tuesdays at 9pm, according to data for October. That's a lot of people watching your wedding. Still, I do think that I was right to put this hub into the category I did. If you're ok with being filmed, maybe even happy that the planning of your wedding is being documented for posterity, then I can understand that the couples who apply to be on Don't Tell The Bride do so not for 15 minutes of fame, but for the chance to get married in a way in which they couldn't possibly achieve otherwise.The Bride Without Wedding TransportHomemade Wedding InvitationsBridal Make Up DisasterNow About That Groom!So once the couple have been chosen to appear on the show, once filming begins, they have to sign a legal document stating that they will have no contact with each for the three weeks leading up to the wedding ceremony. For couples who live together, one has to move out. A groom has three weeks to plan a wedding from scratch. I have had my doubts in the past about this. Some people take years planning a wedding, venues are booked well in advance for security, so how the hell does a groom book a venue with just three weeks to go? From the shows that I've seen, it works out either due to compromise on the venue - a hotel instead of a stately home or a wedding not on a saturday, or luck - cancellations.I've seen comments from people who have appeared on Don't Tell The Bride and they say that the BBC or production team do not get involved in any aspect of the wedding preparations. Everything is down to the groom.So skepticism aside, how do these grooms do so well? It always results in a wedding with the bride often saying she couldn't have done better herself. My theory was the wedding book. I have a friend who has been compiling a wedding book since she was in single figures. If she gave that to her groom, there would be no chance of him messing it up right? The exact dress would be in there with photos, her measurements and where to buy it. Same with the flowers, the transport, the ceremony, reception venue, everything!But what it seems to me is that these guys aren't very often given a wedding book. Maybe you aren't allowed a wedding book on Don't Tell The Bride, but if I were the bride I would have my groom memorising every last detail if that were the case. One simple file on a laptop could provide all the details needed, so unless it is the case that the groom is just not allowed any prior information other than that in memory, I kind of understand how they get it so wrong on occasions.Brides Hates Grooms Choice Of DressPotential Venue DisasterWhen Everything Goes RightPlanning Or Luck?What I find so amusing about Don't Tell The Bride is that you'll see a shot of a groom picking out bridesmaid dresses in red, and as the viewer you know full well that the bride absolutely hates red because she just told her friend so in another clip. Yet much like on a recent show, despite hating the colour red, when the bride sees her somewhat nervous bridesmaids for the first time in their dresses they know she hates the colour of, she's fine about it. Suitably pleased even.These grooms can do no wrong!You'll see a bride trying on wedding dresses and falling in love with a particular one, only for the groom to choose the complete opposite and on the day of the reveal, the bride will think it's the best dress ever! Okay, so not every groom has got the dress spot on, but most have, despite it not being remotely close to the style of that which the bride fell in love with.Are the brides lying to us, the viewers?! Or are the grooms just lucky in their choices? I don't know, but just when it's all looking like going so horribly wrong because the bride has quite clearly stated all the elements of the wedding, and how she wants it to be to us the viewer. The groom then goes and does the complete opposite, but it's all ok on the day.How do they do that?! Just when you're thinking, oh that poor girl, she's going to have a fit at what he's chosen. She then whoops with delight, despite telling us that she wanted to get married in a castle but ends up in a hall adjacent to a pub. Okay, so that hasn't happened, yet! Applying For Don't Tell The BrideI've seen these details asked for time and time again on different sites, if you're in the UK and want to appear on Don't Tell The Bride here are the contact details:Email: weddings@renegadepictures.co.ukTelephone: 0207 479 4210Mail: Sarah May, Renegade Pictures, 3 - 4 Portland Mews, London, W1F 8JFI'm not sure when or if they will be doing another series, but if this one has been a success, as I'm sure it has, it's most likely. According to comments I have read from people who have got through to the audition process, you will be interviewed seperately by phone first. Not exactly sure of the application process after that.If you want to apply for don't tell the bride, a tip! Like I was saying about the wedding book or computer file, this may not be allowed which explains a lot about why the groom doesn't get anything right on paper. If during the interview process you seem too in tune with each other, you probably won't get selected. If your groom knows exactly what you want that isn't going to make 'good tv'. Couples who are selected are chosen because the producers know the viewers will have a few hands over face moments when the groom gets something wrong.If you're asked what would you do if he got you a dress you considered to be hideous? Don't say "he wouldn't!" Probably the best answer would be something along the lines of "I wouldn't wear it, he'd have to get me another one", thus creating a potential drama for the tv show because the budget would be severely dented if another dress had to be bought.You have to think outside the box it seems if you want to appear on Don't Tell The Bride according to the people who have applied and been too knowing of each other. If anyone has applied or been on the show, I'd love to read your comments. If you're applying, good luck with your Don't Tell The Bride Application!Other Wedding HubsChristmas Wedding Flowers - Choices For Bouquets, Buttonholes, Decorations and CenterpiecesChristmas wedding flowers can either be of a festive theme or a totally unrelated one. It is up to the couple to decide which they opt for. You may be having a Christmas themed wedding, in which case you will...Beautiful UK Wedding Venues - Wedding Locations For The Perfect DayApart from the dress, there is no decision more important than choosing the venue where you will be married. This can be a daunting task as there is so much information dotted around the internet. What I have...Beautiful Wedding Venues To Hire In Wales And Northern IrelandFinding the perfect wedding venue can be a hard task, as it is one of the most important decisions for your big day. Here I have compliled a definitive guide to every National Trust property available, for...Don't Tell The Bride in the NewsJeanne Phillips: Grandpa's bad timing mars wedding dayDetroit News35 hours agoDear Abby: I recently married a wonderful man. Our wedding day was going perfectly and I had all the family I loved around me  including my divorced grandparents.VIEWPOINT ~~ New year, new choicesFernandina Beach News-Leader29 hours agoSheena Iyengar, Ph.D., has done interesting research on choice. It is very American to desire choice; to believe that choice ultimately is the greatest freedom.Business profileHighlands Today13 hours agoThis week's business profile focuses on CE's Bridal, located in the Lakeshore Mall in Sebring.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (6)Funny (1)Awesome Beautiful Dragons Den - Entrepreneurs In The Line Of Fire - Success Stories and MoreCommentsdanielle priestley14 months ago hi ive been with my fiancee for 2 and half years we have been threw quite a bit and we would love to get marride we just really havent got money so this would be a really good thing for us to domoonbun14 months ago I hope that you're applied Danielle and good luck, I hope you get chosen! Let me know what happens :)nikki14 months ago hi how can i get an application for dont tell the bride.....x x  x can any one help me plzzzzzzzzz x x xmoonbun14 months ago Hi Nikki,Full contact details are supplied under the header above: Applying For Don't Tell The Bride.khmohsin14 months ago good hub and nice collection of videos and pictures.dean13 months ago hi all i to have been trying to apply to get on don,t tell the bride i need some help if some one could help memoonbun13 months ago Apply using the contact details above. Good luck!becks11 months ago ive just applied but im not sure if ill get a reply or when they are looking into interviews, fingers crossed, ive been looking for ages to find somewhere that had the application details and wahoo ive found it hamoonbun11 months ago Good luck! Hopefully you'll get chosen :)Come back and let me know if you do!naomi9 months ago hey i applied about a month ago and got a call back on the tuesday just gone, they spoke to me first and then rung my other half. so fingers crossed we get a phone call letting us no if we are going on to the next stage or not.my reasons for getting married apart from the obvious reason that i love my partner very much. is that my dad had been liveing with a brain tumor for best part of his life, and i have had to learn to live with the knowledge that he could die at any moment. so far so good i still have my dad. but i dont want to push my luck and save up for years to come to have my dream wedding with the uncertainty that my dad my not be there to give his little girl away. there is that and a few other reasons and we have to beautiful young boys they have always had to come first. and last week my dad collapsed and has found that he has a new bleed n the brain. (he is back at home now and is recovering) but there was nothing much they could do for him. he will get better, hes on the mend already. but like i said i really dont have the time to push my luck and wait. this would make me so happy to hav my dad give me away to someone he has acsepted as a son and loves very much! so i have my fingers crossed that we will be put through! really good blog thank you, naomi xmoonbun9 months ago Hi Naomi,I really, really hope that you and your partner get chosen. I totally understand your reasons for applying and I wish you the best of luck!Hope to see you and your Dad walking down the aisle together on the next series.Please come back and let us know if you get chosen (providing it won't get you in trouble with the show!).Again, good luck and I wish your Dad the best of health xnaomi9 months ago thanks so much :o) xmoonbun9 months ago You're welcome!christie8 months ago i have just applyed for the show and dont know if i will hear bck hope i do i have been with my partner for 5 yars and love him very much but just cant affored to get married all tho it is a bigrisk this show it will be worth it i want us and our little boy to be a proper family anyone know if it is too late now or if they are still interviewingmoonbun8 months ago Hi Christie,I haven't heard anything about interviews so I can't answer your question. The show and applying for it does sometimes get talked about on the Confetti forums: http://www.confetti.co.uk/ so maybe worth having a look there.Hope that interviews are still happening and that you get through.Good luck!Amanda8 months ago me and my partner have been together now for just over 5 years  and we have two beautiful children together. and would love to get married but we just dont have the money fo rthe big day thank you amanda. xmoonbun8 months ago Hope that you have applied Amanda. I totally understand your situation, but at least you have a happy family, the wedding will come in time :)Good luck!lizzyb7 months ago hey all i applied for dont tell the bride yesterday when i found out that i could do it. i have been with my partner for 4 years and have been through so much with her as my family do not accept my relationship so they will not be attending my wedding which is heart breakin because i would love for my dad to walk me down the isle but i have my grandad and uncle there which has been a big support for me!i hope i get in as i cant afford my wedding and i cant wait to call my partner my wife and life partner!moonbun7 months ago Hi Lizzy, sorry to hear that some of your family aren't accepting of your relationship, but at least you have each other. That's the most important thing, your future happiness together.Good luck Lizzy, I really hope that you get chosen!jemma+james7 months ago hi, we applied for dont tell the bride last sunday. i got a call friday afternoon, which i thought was quite quick-for the telephone interview. will they call my partner now? and what do u have to do at the castings? i really hope we get further! we have five, yes FIVE! amazing children! now really want to get married,as we love eachother so much! but dont want to be financially struggling for our kids sakes! good luck everyone.moonbun7 months ago Hi Jemma & James,I'm not sure about interviews and castings, but the fact that you got a call has to be a good sign.Good luck to you both, hope to see you on the new series!melissa7 months ago iv been with my partner 7 years and we have 3 kids id love to get married to him we did try saveing but my brother died 5 years ago so havent reall been able to consatrate till now but we would love to spend our day with the rest of the familymoonbun6 months ago Good luck Melissa!saul5hewitt6 months ago this hub is very interesting and hilarious. gosh i cannot wait until i find the perfect woman for my life and devote to her. yall ladies would be jealous if you knew how i treat my woman like queens. can't wait!!rebecca doherty6 months ago i have been with my partner for four years now we have always want to get married but just cant aford it even more so now as i have a two old and a one year old baby and moeny is very tight now as i was wondering if you could help us so i could have the best day of my life ps if you could help us have the wedding we so very much wanted could you contact be oo my home number on 01482705239 or send me an email please thank you rebecca doherty andrew farrmoonbun6 months ago Good luck with the search saul, hope you find her soon! :)rebecca, you should apply via the contact details above. I can't help I'm afraid, I'm just a fan of the show. Good luck!toni6 months ago how do i apply?moonbun6 months ago Contact details are above in the section called applying for don't tell the bride. There's a phone number, email address and mail address :)carla 5 months ago hi i sent a email and phoned the number above the number seems to have been cut off and the email isnt sending . Just wondering if theres any other contact info for the show , many thanks x4FoodSafety5 months ago Too funny!  Wow!  I must share this one!  Like this idea!moonbun5 months ago Hi Carla,That's all the information I have I'm afraid. If I can find out the new contact details I will update.Thanks 4foodsafety!shammah5 months ago 4 days agoshammah I love wedding becouse Ilove the cake.victoria5 months ago i have just applied for dont tell the bride as i had a very bad childhood and dont trust men i have now found a brilliant fiance who i love very much and we would love to get married but i cant work due to having type2 diabetis which has also caused kidney failure , neuropothy of both of my feet and now been diagnoed with artheritis in all my joints... i feel like the world is against me at the age of 28 but realised with the love and suport from my fiance i can get through it alllaura5 months ago i am about to apply again for dont tell the bride but im just not sure what to write i dont want to sound too needy?moonbun5 months ago Hi shammah - who doesn't love a big slice of good wedding cake!Hi Victoria, I wish you the very best of luck with your application and beyond, out of interest, which contact details did you use to apply?Hi Laura, Personally, I think it's probably best to just be yourself. If you really want to get married badly, tell them that! I'm sure they want the couples who are the most excited and in love (though obviously a groom who isn't too great at the planning may make good TV!). Good luck with your application :)kelly barry4 months ago my name is kelly barry my partner is called daniel hes 20 and im 21 we are ready to spend the rest of our lives together i have two children from a previous relationship bt he takes them on as his own.we cannot afford a wedding as im stuck at home with 2 children and also as work at the moment is only temp for my partner. and would appreciate your help on trying to make it happen xsam hill4 months ago i have been with partner for 6 years and we really want to get married but dont have the money i would like to apply for dont tell the bride i am a big fan of this show but i dont know how to apply for it could any one please help xmoonbun4 months ago Hi Kelly, I just wrote an article about the show, I'm not actually involved with it. Good luck with your application, I hope you get through.Sam, application details are listed above, but some have reported that they aren't vaild anymore. If anyone knows the current contact details, please comment. Good luck Sam!christine walker4 months ago please could you tell me where i could purchase the brides dress from last nights dont tell the bride. and the cost. it was the most beautiful dress ive ever seen.thank you christinerenee4 months ago could some one pls pls tell me how to apply on dont tell the bride this info will be very much appreciated thankx xmoonbun4 months ago Hi Christine,No idea where the dress is from or the cost, maybe try google?renee, here are the contact details, but someone commented above that they have changed. I can't find out if that's right or not though.Email: weddings@renegadepictures.co.ukTelephone: 0207 479 4210Mail: Sarah May, Renegade Pictures, 3 - 4 Portland Mews, London, W1F 8JFHope that helps :)stephanie4 months ago hi there i have tried to send an email to apply for dont tell the bride but its not sending! and the phone num doesnt work thats at the top of this page. could anyone help me please?Thanksmoonbun4 months ago The latest contact information I can find has the same email address as listed above but the phone number has changed to:  020 7449 3291This is from: http://forums.confetti.co.uk/Forums/welcome_want-fIt was posted 7th May 2010.kezzababeey4 months ago Hi my name is kerrylea im 21 and my fiance is charlie he is 26 we have ben engaged for just over 2 years now and we have been together nearly 3 years.We have been through alot recently charlie nearly died with a burst ulsar and blood poisning im really lucky for him to be alive.We have both been through alot both of our dads are sevirely ill and we would like to get married before anything does happen to our dads but we just havent got the money to get married..i love dont tell the bride please could someone tell me how i apply i just want to make mine and charlie's fathers proud xxjadeandliam4 months ago id love to be on dont tell the bride on the next show just to see if my man could give me the best wedding in the world because it is alwyes me that arranges enything romantic all the time jaderobyn 4 months ago me and my partner have been together for 7yrs we have a duagther of 3 we have been though alot as a couple we really love each other and we want to get married but we just can't afford it we watch don't teell the bride all the time we love it is there any way we would besle to get on the showamy4 months ago hi i watch the program all the time n love it iv been with my partner for 6 years now and we have 2 lovly little boys i really really want to get married to my man and spend the rest of my life with him we just dont have the money to do this, we would be the perfect cuple for the program i fully trust him and know what ever happend i would love it all my friends and family r get married around me and i know its right for me i even cought the bo,k on sat lol thanks xxmoonbun4 months ago Good luck to everyone who applies!kayleigh3 months ago hi my name is kayleigh and i an engadged to the man of my dreams and i love him so much but we can not afford to get married and we really want to and we have 3 lovly kids and money is tight so i would really love for your help please xxxmany thanksmoonbun3 months ago Good luck Kayleigh, I hope you get picked!amylou3 months ago hi my name is amy i have only been with my partner for 11 months and have been engaged for 1 month i love him with all of my heart we both watch the show all of the time and it is amazing to see so many people happy  money is very tight for us at the moment so it is very difficult for us to get married i hope u can help us pleasemany thanksjackie hitchen3 months ago hi my name is jackie and my partner and i would love your help as we want to get married but we dont have the cash to do it we both love the show and its fun to watch the guys sort out the big day and for them to give the bride her dream wedding my partner said to me this week that he could do it and he said its all about understanding your partner i think myself its the first test to married life please if you can help,, many thanks jackie.sahe3 months ago what is the charlie and the chocolate factory lookalike wedding called??kerry davis 3 months ago hello i have been trying to get on dont tell the bride and i have had no success yet but i was wondering if anyone could tell me how to do it please as it means the world to me thank you.If you konw can you let me konw please by email shotazwifey@hotmail.comlouise hutton3 months ago i have bin with my boyfriend fo 10 years and have a son age 5 and i love him with all my heart and couldnt live life without him the biggets dream ov my life would be to marrie my man ov my lifePolly marchant3 months ago We could make your show different with a unique colourful couple with a little star daughter....just starting out in life,iam a clown and trapeze artist and my beautiful man is a carpenter.......you'll love it promise xxxxxxxxxxxxmike hooper3 months ago help help helpSHERA3 months ago HEY HOW DO I PUT A REQUEST IN TOO GO ON DONT TELL THE BRIDE THANX XXamanda3 months ago hi every1 iv been with my parter for nearly 7years now and have a 3 year old boy. we really want to get married but can not afford it,  and would love to be on don't tell the bride, how do i go about it thank you much love xxxciara3 months ago hi everyone ive been eith my parter for seven years we have four children and wud like to apply for the showkim 3 months ago hi i have been with my partner for 7 years now and we have a 9 month out baby and we would love to get married. and would love to be on dont tell the bridedaniyellie3 months ago how do i apply please xxMichaela :)2 months ago I would love to apply for dont tell the bride could you help me to get started pleaselouise rogers2 months ago hi all i have been with my partner now for four years we would love to get married we have being through alot and got through it.We love eachother so much and we would love to have our day but because of money we can not i would love my mom and dad to see me get married. i live away from my parents and would love them to see get maried and for my dad to give away his only daughter and only child(me) it means the world to me and my partner to have our day that we have always dreamed of. help us on how we can apply for the programe thankyou. xrona2 months ago me and my partner have been together four almost 5years we have been through lot but we have come out stronger and more in love than ever. we have 3 lovely boys oldest is 4years then 3years in jan and the newest member is 13weeks. we found out last week that my partner has got hodgkin lymphoma a type of cancer we have been told it is very treatable and has a good chance of making a full recover which is a big relife. all this has made us really want to get married as soon as we can but hes had to finish work and with tree young boys well money it tight so would really love to get on the show so if any one could help me that would be great thank you.sarah 2 months ago i would really like to get marriade to the one i love and made me a proud mum but we can not afford it at the moment because thing have always gone wrong so it will be nice to get marriade this is the biggest thing in my life.soo please help people so me and me partner can  get mariade for once .thanx sarahramona 2 months ago I would love to get married to my fiancee dwayne he's my high school sweetheart but the money aint there and its driving me mad he's in the caribbean and I would love to married in the caribbeans and have a nice wedding but  we can't afford it at the moment so could u please help xxxLuis Marques2 months ago me and my partner have been together for 9 months and we have been engaged for 5 months. We are so in love and all we want to do is get married, and i would really love to marry my gorgeous fiance on your show Dont Tell The Bride as i would love to surprise her with what i can do to make her happy.kasey2 months ago hi i love dont tell the bride im 19 n bin with my fiance for 2 n a alf years n have a gawjus bby girl summer 2gether who was born on our first anniversay we cant wait to get married but cant afford it with a lil bby we spend all our money on her n im gunna apply for this hope we get picked xdaniel adams2 months ago hi iv been with my beautiful fiance Jessica for 4 years we have a gorgeous 2 year old daughter Hannah together and things are brilliant... the only thing left to do is tie the knot, and with finances as they are we defiantly need some help. I really want to give my girl the wedding she deserves and what shes been waiting for. that's why id like to apply for don't tell the bride, were looking at about June next year as Jessicas mum has had breast cancer and by June next year all her chemo and radiotherapy would be over and done with and i know how impotant it is for her to have her mum therehope we get pickedlouise gough2 months ago Hi me and my partner have been together 9yrs we have 5 children together and would love to get married we have been through so much together,my partners and my own dad have had a batch of bad health,my partner has lost both his grandads this yr so we'd really like to get married before we lose another family memeberi hope we get pickedchris2 months ago hello i am looking to find out how to apply for dont tell the bride application as we are a low income family and i would love to be able to give my fiancee the wedding she deserves and also make it very special for both her and our children/stepkids.... we have spoke about getting married for a while now but due to lack of income to fund this its turning out to be just a dream for us...many thanks chrisStacey 2 months ago I have been with my wonderful fiance for the past 4 years, i love him with all my heart and i would love to be his wife. we have had alot of problems with jobs and financial troubles so we have never been able to afford it. every time we think we are going forward we get kicked back down again.We just wish we could afford it or that some1 could help to make our dream day become realThank youStaceyEmma2 months ago Hi. My name is Emma, I have been with my partner for a year and a half, we have a 2 month old son. Before i found out i was pregnant me and my partner were planning a wedding and i was really excited. For obvias reasons we had to stop and concentrate on my pregnancy and making sure we had everything for the baby! Now we have our little man we can not afford a wedding. My partners mum has alzimers and does not even know her grandson but we want her there for the wedding. We would be perfect for the show because i am very bossy and like things done a certain way were as my partner will want to do things his way as he never has control of much in our home! I am worried about what he would do for our wedding especially if it involves bloody cricket! but we really want to be married. Has anyone found out the new contact details for the application yet as i would love to apply me and my partner to it.x thanks Emma.xkirsty2 months ago i have been with my fiance for just over a year now i would love to marry him but we just havnt got the cash and would love to be on the show i am worried about what he would choose but thats a risk i am willing to take. thanx kirsty xNina2 months ago Hi there me and my partner have been together for 4 years almost know we have been planning to get married a few times now but the last time my year and a half how daughter was very ill in hospital going through liver falier so we had to put it off and now we have to buy alot of things for her and just have not got the money to get married. so if you could help us we would be very greatful. thanks ninatasha2 months ago hi me and my boyfiend have been together since june and engaged since july it mite not sound long but were very much in love and are looking 2 marry next summer but with having 2 children and bein a house mum  its very hard he works but isnt the best paying job we would love 2 be on the showLEANDRO MARQUES2 months ago I LOVE YOUR SHOW...siobhan2 months ago ive trying to send an email but not sending ive also tried ringing n tht keeps sayin wrong number. me n my partner want to get married how else do i applymoonbun2 months ago http://faq.external.bbc.co.uk/questions/televisionYou need to keep checking the website for details.emma barnes7 weeks ago i have been with my boyfriend for 5 years an i love him 2 piceces but he can do my head in sometimes we have a little boy too an we love to get married after what we have been through xxxxpaige6 weeks ago I would love to go on the show, me and my fiance have been together nearly two years and we have a six month old little boy, we are only young but know what we want from life and that is to get married but money is the only thing standing in our wayDana Armstrong6 weeks ago I LOVE YOUR SHOW. AND IM SO CURIOUS WHAT KIND OF WEDDING MY FIANCE WOULD PLAN FOR US. WE HAVE BEEN TOGETHER FOR NEARLY 4 YEARS NOW AND ARE MADLY IN LOVE. I THINK HIM PLANNING A WEDDING WOULD BE ENTERTAINING FOR ANYONE TO WATCH.cloe5 weeks ago how do i sign up for dont tell the bridesarah5 weeks ago ive been with my partner for 8 and a half yrs now and been engaged for 6 yrs... i would to get married now but really havent got the money :( we have a little 3 yr old daughter and we just think it wud make us more of a family xcaroline 3 weeks ago hello ive just applied for dont tell the bride been trying to find away too for ages now then i got a call from my mate tonight telling me how. i would love to married my partner we have been together 4 half years and have 2 kids one of which is a child from my past relationship and we have not long found out that my partner is the father to his ex girlfriends daughter we have been through alot these last 4 half years but we are still going strong and getting married would mean that when my name changes to his my sons name would also change and would make it easier for him to adopht my daughter which he has wanted to do for so long now. so fingers cross we get through for dont tell the bride xZoe Allen4 days ago Hi My names zoe me and my partner applied for this after watching a few episodes and him being adament that he would do a better job and the superhero wedding he'd plan would be amazing!(im not so sure and would castrate him if he got it wrong) anyway i had the telephone phone interview last month but they havent called my other half so i am assuming we are out of the running......Goodluck everyone else who has applied! xxxSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites97moonbunFrom London675 Followers346 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by moonbunContact moonbunFollow moonbunSubscribe to moonbun's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk moonbun a question based on this Hub.Questions Asked on this HubOn dont tell the bride, what are you not aloud to spend the money onasked by marktwiny 2 days ago0 answersAnswer this questionhow do i apply for dont tell the bride?asked by danielle20102010 5 weeks ago0 answersAnswer this questionwhere can I find the wedding dress that was called titanic which was featured in dont tell the brideasked by cheryl1987 2 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsWedding Planning Checklist Timetable - an Essential Time...by Alison GrahamA Bride's Wedding Day Emergency Kitby SoloryaWedding Expense Etiquette: Expenses Paid by Family of Brideby WeddingConsultantChic Vintage Style Winter Bridal Coats, Warm Shawls &...by viryaboBraided Wedding Hairstylesby Research AnalystWorld Famous Bridal Extravaganzaby Dottie1 Wedding Stories ForumTopicRepliesWhat is your lvoe story?posted by ArefinShams12I was married at Panera Breadposted by nataliemarie712Post a new topicTagstv wedding show wedding tv shows wedding tv show don't tell the bride new series don't tell the bride series 3 don't tell the bride apply Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.584 sec)  working