 Iviewit BlogosphereIviewit BlogosphereDigital Video and Imaging Patent Pending TechnologiesIviewit World Renowned Inventor Eliot Bernstein Files Criminal Charges Against New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, Chief of Staff Steven M. Cohen & Assistant AG Monica Connell w/ Governor David Paterson & New York Senate Judiciary Chairman John Sampson.December 3rd, 2010 For the Original Press Release see the Totally Awesome Free Press Release Service @ http://www.free-press-release.com/news-iviewit-inventor-eliot-bernstein-files-criminal-charges-against-ny-ag-andrew-cuomo-chief-of-staff-steven-cohen-asst-ag-monica-connell-w-gov-david-1291165927.htmlWorld-Renowned Inventor of Digital Video & Imaging Eliot Ivan Bernstein of W. Palm Beach County FL announces that New York State will follow Illinois with two consecutive governors removed for crimes.FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEPalm Beach, Florida, United States of America (Free-Press-Release.com) November 30, 2010  World-Renowned Inventor of Digital Video & Imaging Mathematical Scaling Formulas Eliot Ivan Bernstein of W. Palm Beach County FL announces that New York State will follow Illinois with two consecutive governors removed for crimes. Mr. Bernstein has just filed a Criminal Complaint against soon to be Governor Andrew Cuomo with the NYC Criminal Court, the NY Attorney Generals Public Integrity Unit and Governor David Paterson. The complaint soon to be filed with the District Attorney of Albany County, David Soares, and with the District Attorney of New York County, Cyrus R. Vance, Jr.The Criminal Complaint was to Governor David Paterson, who was asked under his authority under the New York Constitution to send it to the Attorney Generals office with instructions to appoint a Special Prosecutor, since the charges involve the NY Attorney General and his employees.Governor Paterson was told, former New York Governor Theodore Roosevelt said No man is above the law and no man is below it; nor do we ask any mans permission when we ask him to obey it Andrew Cuomo is neither above the law, nor need Eliot I. Bernstein nor any other man first seek permission to charge and hold Andrew Cuomo to account for his crimes.Andrew Cuomo will follow in the path of his predecessor, Eliot Spitzer. And New York will join in the tradition of Illinois, where two consecutive Illinois governors, Rod Blagojevich and an already-imprisoned George Ryan were both convicted and removed from office.Charged in the Criminal Complaint are The New York Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, along with two of his associates, Assistant Attorney General Monica Connell & Chief of Staff Steven M. Cohen. The specific charges were1.  20.00 Criminal liability for conduct of another, by engaging in conduct which intentionally aided the persons committing the Iviewit Crimes;2. 105.05 Conspiracy in the fifth degree, and  105.10 Conspiracy in the fourth degree, when they with knowing intent agreed to allow class C, D, and E felonies to be performed by persons committing Iviewit crimes ;3.  115.00 Criminal facilitation in the fourth degree, when they knowingly rendered aid to persons committing the Iviewit Crimes.The underlying crimes which the New York Attorney General Office, Andrew Cuomo, Assistant Attorney General Monica Connell and Chief of Staff Steven M. Cohen conspired with and facilitated were the Iviewit Crimes described in Iviewits Trillion Dollar FEDERAL RICO and ANTITRUST LAWSUIT.The allegations in the RICO include, 125.25 Murder in the second degree. 125.20 Manslaughter in the first degree. 135.60 Coercion in the second degree 155.42 Grand larceny in the first degree. 170.15 Forgery in the first degree. 170.30 Criminal possession of a forged instrument in the first degree. 175.25 Tampering with public records in the first degree. 175.35 Offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree. 195.05 Obstructing governmental administration in the second degree. 210.15 Perjury in the first degree. 460.20 Enterprise corruption.More details belowThe Iviewit RICO lawsuit was marked legally related to a New York Supreme Court Whistleblower Lawsuit filed by former NY Supreme Court Attorney Christine C. Anderson by Federal Judge Shira A. Scheindlin, along with several other criminal lawsuits also marked related to the Whistleblower lawsuit (see list of lawsuits related to the Whistleblower below). The Iviewit RICO has allegations of attempted MURDER of world-renowned inventor of Digital Video & Imaging Scaling Formulae Bernstein in an attempted CAR BOMBING of his family in Boynton Beach, FL, a bomb so powerful it blew up three cars next to it, graphic images of the BOMBING can be found @ www.iviewit.tv.The Criminal Complaints filed against the NY Attorney General can be found @Exhibit 1Exhibit 2The Criminal Complaint filed with NY AG Public Integrity Unit was filed with a request to transfer the investigations to a non conflicted investigator, as Cuomo is a both a Defendant in the Iviewit RICO and illegally acting as Counsel to almost 40 Accused State of New York Defendants. Defendants include, former Chief Judge Judith Kaye, former NY AG the disgraced sexual deviant Eliot Spitzer, several NY Supreme Court Justices and Cuomo even represents himself, we all know only a fool does that.andCriminal Complaint filed with NY Criminal Court Supervising Judge, Hon. Melissa Jackson and Borough Chief Clerk, Serena SpringleExhibit 3Criminal Complaint filed with New York Governor David PatersonExhibit 4The Iviewit RICO & ANTITRUST TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUIT and legally related cases:1 08-4873-cv United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit Docket - Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. - TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUIT2 Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.3 Esposito v The State of New York, et al.4 McKeown v The State of New York, et al.Related Cases @ US District Court - Southern District NY5 07cv09599 Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT which other cases have been marked legally related to by Fed. Judge Shira A. Scheindlin6 07cv11196 Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.7 07cv11612 Esposito v The State of New York, et al.8 08cv00526 Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.9 08cv02391 McKeown v The State of New York, et al.10 08cv02852 Galison v The State of New York, et al.11 08cv03305 Carvel v The State of New York, et al.12 08cv4053 Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al.13 08cv4438 Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al.14 08 cv 6368 John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New York15 06cv05169 McNamara v The State of New York, et al.Further Information can be found @ all of the following,Andersons filing Against AG Cuomo for Illegal Representation of Accused State Defendants @Exhibit 5Iviewit filings of Illegal Representation by Cuomo @Exhibit 6andExhibit 7andMotion to CompelExhibit 8andExhibit 9Eliot Testimony before the NY Senate Judiciary Committee Hearings P1Exhibit 10P2 @Exhibit 11Anderson Whistleblower Testimony at the NY Senate Judiciary @Exhibit 12Eliot P 1 - Iviewit Patentgate Story @Exhibit 13An SEC complaint also was filed by Iviewit against Intel, SGI & Lockheed & similar allegations were levied against these corps for Patent Theft, knowing infringement & Shareholder Fraud.The March 29 2009 SEC Complaint to Shapiro titled Complaint Regarding Intel Corp & Possible Trillion Dollar Fraud on Intel Shareholders & OthersExhibit 14-Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLiviewit@iviewit.tvIVIEWITCitizens Revolt TVIVIEWIT BLOGIVIEWIT YOUTUBERelated WebsInvestigative Blogger Crystal Cox DENIED PATENTCUOMOTARPJudge WatchEnd Discrimination NowCorrupt CourtsOfficials AccountableNY Court CorruptionKill All the Lawyers (The Shakespearean Solution)Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DL (yes, two identically named)Iviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUviewit Holdings, Inc. - DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvhttp://www.iviewit.tvhttp://www.citizensrevolt.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliothttp://www.youtube.com/user/eliotbernstein?feature=mhumAlso, check outEliots Testimony at the NY Senate Judiciary Committee Hearings Part 1http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Cw0gogF4Fs&feature=player_embeddedand Part 2 @http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Apc_Zc_YNIk&feature=relatedandChristine Anderson Whistleblower Testimony @http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BlK73p4Ueoand Eliot Part 1 - The Iviewit Inventions @ http://www.tvandvideoguide.com/iviewittv.htmlOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.html http://www.enddiscriminationnow.comhttp://www.corruptcourts.orghttp://www.changecourtsnow.comhttp://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comhttp://www.parentadvocates.orghttp://www.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.comhttp://cuomotarp.blogspot.comhttp://www.disbarthefloridabar.com http://www.trusteefraud.com/trusteefraud-blog http://www.VoteForGreg.us Greg Fischerhttp://www.liberty-candidates.org/greg-fischer/http://www.facebook.com/pages/Vote-For-Greg/111952178833067http://www.killallthelawyers.ws/law (The Shakespearean Solution)Tags: allen stanford, Andrew Cuomo, AOL, barroway, Bernard Madoof, Christine Anderson, christine c. anderson, Christopher C. Wheeler, Christopher Wheeler, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, IBM, INTC, Intel Corp, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, Lynn & Harry Bradley, Madoff, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, MPEG LA, mpegla, New York Attorney General, New York Senate Judiciary Committee, patentgate, proskauer, Proskauer Rose, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, Raymond Anthony Joao, Raymond Joao, Shira A. Scheindlin, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, Steven Krane, thomas cahill, Time Warner, Warner Bros. Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments At Thanksgiving Fest, NY Bondholders And Cuomo See The Hand Writing On The NY Capital Walls Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit World Renowned Inventor Supports T. Finnan in his claims that the end of the Andrew Cuomos reign is Written on the Wall!November 26th, 2010 Original Post Courtest of T. Finnan @http://cuomotarp.blogspot.com/2010/11/at-thanksgiving-fest-ny-bondholders-and.htmland for the Press Release on Cuomos disaster coming, at the Totally Awesome Free Press Releasehttp://www.free-press-release.com/news-cuomotarp-has-a-warning-for-ny-bondholders-with-at-thanksgiving-fest-ny-bondholders-and-cuomo-see-the-hand-writing-on-the-ny-capital-walls-1290735538.htmlCuomoTARP.blogspot.com; TARP stands for TOXIC ATTORNEYS and REPROBATES PROTECTORExposing corruption in the NY Courts and Government covered up by Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, who defends the corrupt in Court, when he should protect the People. Lifting the Cuomo TARP cover (cover-up).At Thanksgiving Fest, NY Bondholders And Cuomo See The Hand Writing On The NY Capital WallsThe words, Mene, Mene, Tekel, u-Pharsin, written by a God of Justice Disrupt the Albany Victory Celebration (King Cuomo, Silver and Sampson in their blue uniforms with their new committees behind them) *picture described in note #1 below CuomoTARP has obtained two translations for the handwriting Mene, Mene, Tekel, u-Pharsin on the walls of the NY Capital Buildings. It was the same Aramaic words the Babylonian King Belshazzar saw on the wall in Babylon around 539 B.C., *See historical note #2 below Translation #1: Mene, Mene, Tekel, u-Pharsin translates to Number, number, weigh, divide in two. And the meaning is the same, for both King Andrew and King Belshazzar, God has numbered your remaining days in power; your number is up; youve been weighed and found deficient; and your State will be divided up financially and given to its creditors.A Creditor: One of a tribe of savages dwelling beyond the Financial Straits and dreaded for their desolating incursions.~ from Ambrose Bierces DictionaryChinese creditors crack their whip on the Bernanke/Obama money printing scheme.  Follow the economic reality trickle down below: China and Russia have decided to renounce the US dollar US Federal Reserve will slash its growth forecasts and predict higher unemployment Fears of Domino Effect Pervade Europe: Loss of Confidence Extends From Ireland to Spain, Portugal; Bond Spreads Widen as Euro Tumbles Belgiums debts to record levels in situation made worse by broken political system  Now, see the world economic reality trickle down into NY on this blog: another $6.8 Billion missing from the Cuomo Budget Plan.  NY Comptroller, DiNapoli, now promises safe returns of 7.5% (or Madoff has a bridge for Sale) The Final Prophecy: from the Ghost of NY Yet To Come: the Trophy of Total Fiscal Failure. Now, the translation #2 for NY Bond Holders: Mene: Count your bond values now Mene: Count your bond values after the credit rate rises, inflation increases and bond desirability decreases *See notes 3 and 4 below Tekel: Same as shekel or watch your money U-Pharsin; Your bond values will be cut in halfThe Words of the Prophet to bondholders: Sell now and not cry later *note 1 The hand-writing upon the wall is a print etching and aquatint, hand-colored by Js. Gillray and shows Napoleon, Josephine, French soldiers and women seated at feast with dishes Bank of England, St. James, Tower of London, and Roast Beef of old England. Napoleon looks in horror at hand of Jehovah pointing to words in sky: Mene mene, tekel upharsin. note 2 from Daniel 5:2528: And this is the writing that was inscribed: mina, mina, shekel, half-mina. This is the interpretation of the matter: mina, God has numbered the days of your kingdom and brought it to an end; shekel, you have been weighed on the scales and found wanting; half-mina, your kingdom is divided and given to the Medes and Persians.That very night King Belshazzar is slain, and Darius the Mede becomes King. (The end of the Babylonian Empire and the beginning of the Persian/Mede Empire)note 3 short course with graphs showing inverse relationships of bond prices, interest rates, inflationnote 4 simpler explanation of bond value changes Tags: Andrew Cuomo, bernard madoff, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, Intel Corp, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, patent, patentgate, proskauer, Proskauer Rose, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, Raymond Joao, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, Steven M. Cohen, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, Thomas Sjobolom, wayne huizenga Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Andrew Cuomo Cheered As Swamp King While He Gives A Second Companion Piece Thank You Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit World Renowned Inventor Supports T. Finnan of CoumoTarps Claims of Andrew Cuomos Corruption Protection Racket in the Albany Swamp & Lip Service to New YorkersNovember 17th, 2010 Andrew Cuomo Cheered As Swamp King While He Gives A Second Companion Piece Thank You The Albany Swamp held their Rejoice Party this week and watched new videos of the Swamps vermin. The King Returns In TriumphThe Swamp roared with laughter, ethics committees, ethics committees, so much better than a jail cage.And the swamp exploded, An ethics probe, an ethics probe, just like the Rangel ethics probe. And the Swamp chorus roared: Yeah, yeah, Andrew, Only after Godot returns, next year.that silver spoon feed brat, Andrew, has taken away my toys.CAP (Cuomos Amnesty Program) that Heads will role once the Amnesty Program ends, well, I scored a thousand percent (1000%), because after my last 4 years on the job, absolutely nothing happened.  And the Swamp chorus, Lift the TARP; lift the TARP, Andrew, but only after Godot returns next year.Then Andrew gave his Second Thank You (The Swamp Version of Cleaning Up Albany) Address to the faithful in the Swamp.They watched the vermin, Charley Rangel, strut his striped tie, his red pocket handkerchief bright and cheery enough to attract hummingbirds and on his finger, a glittering ring the size of a butter plate. And the laughter continued as Andrew Cuomo said, [I'm]hesitant to empower Eric Schneiderman to investigate public corruption at the attorney generals office, and would prefer a comprehensive change of the government through an ethics bill he hopes to pursue in the Legislature next year.Then Cuomo pulled out his CuomoTARP again and threw it over a stinking swamp pit saying,I want to see what happens with the ethics reform with the Legislature, before I lift my CuomoTARP.  The Swamp laughed as the new Attorney General, Scheiderman, crawled into the Swamp and threw a tantrum crying  Then Swamp King Andrews, new Cleaning Up Albany Together video played where Andrew promises at 2:03 minutes to lift the CuomoTARP hes kept over NY corruption for the last four years. When the video concluded, Andrew told the swamp, Remember in 2008, when I promised in my  The text of his Second Thank You:Im King thanks to your money; your lies; your cheating; you did whatever to make me King.My loyalty is to this swamp; regardless of what I say outside.You know my record; the indictments not obtained; the cases settled without restitution or jail time.Youre my extended family. This Swamp has drainage in all 62 Counties where you knew I would protect you.Ethics Boards and Commission Investigations werent jail or restitution. My game, nothing happens until the legislature creates ethics probes; then I blame them and wait another year for a Commission Investigation.This Swamp has been around a long time and Ill keep it thriving. Now, Laugh at an earlier swamp gathering; link with Ashley DupreThen, cry at a snare in the Swamp: link Tags: Andrew Cuomo, bernard madoff, Charles B. Rangel, Christopher Wheeler, cuomotarp, eliot bernstein, eric holder, Ethics Committee, First Department, foley & lardner, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, marc dreier, martin glenn, Matthew Triggs, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, ownership, patent, patentgate, person, proskauer, Proskauer Rose, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, Raymond Joao, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, T. Finnan, theft, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments From Ponzi to Madoff to Hevesi to DiNapoli; New York Learns Anew About Bond Losses And A Phony Safe 7.5% Pension Return Iviewit World Renowned Inventor Eliot Bernstein Supports T. Finnan of CuomoTarps claims of New Yorks Phony Pension Plan Rate of Return and Suggestion to Buy EU Backed Greek Bonds and Dump New York Bonds Before they Turn to SandNovember 17th, 2010 November 15, 2010 Reprint Courtesy of T. Finnan @ www.CuomoTARP.blogspot.comTARP stands for TOXIC ATTORNEYS and REPROBATES PROTECTORExposing corruption in the NY Courts and Government covered up by Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, who defends the corrupt in Court, when he should protect the People. Lifting the Cuomo TARP cover (cover-up).From Ponzi to Madoff to Hevesi to DiNapoli; New York Learns Anew About Bond Losses And A Phony Safe 7.5% Pension ReturnMadoff had promised safe returns of 10% before the economic recession began.The SEC warns in its Ponzi Schemes  Frequently Asked Questions that Ponzi schemes share common characteristics: High investment returns with little or no risk  Overly consistent returns.  NY Comptroller, DiNapoli now promises safe returns of 7.5%, when the NY pension plan for the prior ten years, when higher safe returns were possible, never earned over 4%. DiNapoli had claimed the NY Pension Funds were getting 8% expected returns for his first three and one half years in office. Now look at Greece, where, Greek bond yields, a measure of investor confidence in the countrys finances, rose on Monday, with the rate on 10-year paper up to 11.280 percent from 11.184 percent on Friday.and The Greek economy shrank 4.5 percent in the last 12 months, official data showed on Friday. Gross domestic product contracted by 1.1 percent in the third quarter.   Now back to NY, where The Federal Reserve Bank of New York reported its manufacturing activity index dropped to minus -11.1 points in November, from a positive +15.7 points in the previous month. The Empire State Manufacturing Survey index is considered a bellwether of the manufacturing sector which has been a key strength in the economic recovery. It was the first time the index fell below zero since July 2009, the month after the worst recession in decades was officially declared over. The sharp 27-point decline surprised analysts, who had forecast on average a slip to a positive 11.7-point reading. The new orders index plummeted to minus 24.4 points, from positive 12.9 points in October. Now, tax receipts are down (24.4 points) from manufacturing (a bellweather) of non-government sources; theres a 420% increase in the taxpayer share of pension costs; NYs borrowing costs for next year which earlier were predicted at $5.6 Billion with the TIC (True Interest Cost) of recent offering: 3.357% will quickly move up to paying the Greek rate of 11.28%. Thus NYs borrowing costs will move up from $5.6 Billion to $18.8 Billion. ($5.6 Billion times 11.28% divided by 3.357% = $18.8 Billion) Did you think public corruption would be rooted out?  Not yet as, Cuomo Hedges On Signing Over New Investigatory Powers To Schneiderman For Public Corruption Cases. But alas, as Ponzi and Madoff learned, economic reality (interest rates, revenues and spending) is a harsh task master, irregardless of your protectors.  Follow the money, Comptroller DiNapoli!  Oops, the moneys disappeared! Hoping for the Tooth Fairy, an understanding Congress, ious for bond holders or State workers? Quick sell your NY Bonds. Greek bonds pay 11.28% guaranteed by the EU. Whos guaranteeing NY Bonds? Tags: Add new tag, Andrew Cuomo, bernard madoff, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, Hevesi, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, patent, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, theft, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Economic Laws, Pensions And Gravity Lead Andrew Cuomo To A Hard Fall Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit World Renowned Inventor Supports T. Finnan Claims of Cuomos Sinking New York Into Financial RuinsNovember 17th, 2010 November 11, 2010 Reprint Courtesy of T. Finnan @ www.CuomoTARP.blogspot.comTARP stands for TOXIC ATTORNEYS and REPROBATES PROTECTORExposing corruption in the NY Courts and Government covered up by Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, who defends the corrupt in Court, when he should protect the People. Lifting the Cuomo TARP cover (cover-up).Economic Laws, Pensions And Gravity Lead Andrew Cuomo To A Hard Fall From Arithmetic for the Economically Challenged Idiots:First, the rose colored government accounting system:  A report in the August issue of Governing, called New York State, the nationwide pension leader with Pension liability: $141 billion; Percent funded: 107.38%; Employees in Pension Plans: 1,343,524.Compared to Californias Pension liability: $454 billion; Percent funded: 86.89%; Employees in Pension Plans: 1,995,169 But, Government Accounting Rules allow state pension plans to calculate their obligations using an assumed long-term yield of 8%.Second, the law of economic reality, which like law of gravity cannot be ignored:NYs real rate of return was less than 4% for ten years. 4. Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli proposes for the state government and local governments a pension amortization (i.e., borrowing) plan where the 7.5% rate wont necessarily affect annual pension fund contributions, because they can borrow their higher payments from the pension fund. Only the Government could imagine being able to use your credit card to charge your credit card payment. 5. And it gets better, after a decade in which the New York State pension funds annual return on assets averaged less than half its [8%]target rate, the fund will need to jack up its taxpayer-funded contribution rates next year, Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli announced today. Thats you, the taxpayer, paying a 42% rise in your share (11.5% to 16.3%) See * below for changing the rate from 7.5% to 2.5% that would need a 420% increase in the taxpayer share.Third, a Cuomo cheerleader, the NY Times, agrees and had How to Cheat a Retirement Fund, an approach that assumes, as economists generally do, that even corporate accounting standards in this area are too lenient, public pension underfunding is about $3.5 trillion, or one-quarter of gross domestic product.Fourth, from Arithmetic for the Economically Challenged Idiots, heres the advice a parent must give a child who believes in a 7.5% safe return on investments, in maintaining the value of his BP stock investments, and asks whether you should make your credit card payment with your credit card.  The answer: Tough love; First, No; then a good Cry; then Stop Spending.Fifth, Economic real world thinking: Private pension plans must discount their liabilities based on a market ratetypically, a corporate or U.S. government bond ratewhich is often much lower than the plans projected returns.*Return US Treasury: 10-MONTH NOTE 10-15-2010 2.475% There appears to be a large difference between 2.475% and 7.5% and DiNapolis assumed drop from 8% to 7.5%. Finally, New Yorks state budget gap for 2011-12, the first year of the next gubernatorial administration, is now projected at nearly $8.2 billion[up from $5.4 predicted earlier] and that doesnt include the corrections reported above. Sorry, Andrew and Thomas (DiNapoli), using the laws of Economic Arithmetic or the law of gravity equals a hard fall.Youre Bankrupt, your game is over. Economic reality:  1. what safe investments earn 8% return in our present economy?  2. Pension plans  including California, New York and Florida  invest some of their pension funds in BP stock, 3. Guess what?  NY Comptroller Di Napoli will reduce his hope to earn 8% percent a year to 7.5%. Except for Madoff, who guarantees a 7.5 percent rate of return? Or 7 percent? Or 6 percent? No junk bonds allowed. Tags: Andrew Cuomo, barroway, bernard madoff, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, Thomas DiNapoli, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Iviewit World Renowned Inventor Eliot Bernstein Supports T. Finnans NY Debt Devaluation, Budget Collapse Blamed on Andrew Cuomos Actions Against the People of the State of New YorkNovember 11th, 2010 Reprint Courtesy of T. Finnan @ www.CuomoTARP.blogspot.comTARP stands for TOXIC ATTORNEYS and REPROBATES PROTECTORExposing corruption in the NY Courts and Government covered up by Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, who defends the corrupt in Court, when he should protect the People. Lifting the Cuomo TARP cover (cover-up).NY Debt Devaluation, Budget Collapse; Not If, But WhenFirst, from Arithmetic for the Economically Challenged Idiots: Present Federal Debt : $13.7 TrillionThe Federal Reserve plans to print: $0.6 TrillionNet devaluation of US dollars: $0.6/$13.7 = 4.4%If the Chinese dont want to lose money: 4.4% must be added to any NY interest rates Second, from Alan Greenspan: Greenspan warns over weaker dollar (see 4.4 % devaluation above)Now, hear Timmy Geithner. saying it [US Government] would never deliberately devalue its currency to boost exports.Now think: Qui sExcuse, sAccuse Or, Geitner, your excusing, accuses you. Is the Government not deliberately devaluing, only undeliberately devaluing?Quo Vadis, NY? Quo Vadis, Cuomo? Tags: Add new tag, Alan Greenspan, allen stanford, Andrew Cuomo, bernard madoff, cuomotarp, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, patent, proskauer, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, T. Finnan, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, Timothy Geithner Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Andrew Cuomo Meets The Ghost Of NY Yet To Come; Was It Thomas Dewey? Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernstein Supports T. Finnans Claims of Cuomo Corruption.November 11th, 2010 Reprint Courtesy of T. Finnan @ http://cuomotarp.blogspot.com/Andrew Cuomo Meets The Ghost Of NY Yet To Come; Was It Thomas Dewey?Last night, Andrew was visited by the Ghost of NY Yet To Come.Last night, a Ghostly figure, who looked like a groom figurine with a mustache on a wedding cake, appeared to Andrew and showed him 2011 Newspaper clippings where all the NY Budget predictions in a prior post had come true. Andrew then was carried to Seoul, South Korea, where he read the next days headline in Financial Times, China tees up G20 showdown with US. Andrew heard Chinas Cui Tiankai say, that the US plan for limiting current account surpluses and deficits to 4 per cent of gross domestic product harked back to the days of planned economies.Now the Ghost of NY Yet To Come carried Andrew into many varied homes of rich and not-so-rich NYers. Andrew saw each cringing at finding their tax- free NY municipal bonds had diminished in value because of the interest rate increase of 231% due to Obama/Federal Reserve printing money. He saw the calculations were written on all their walls, 100% divided by 231% = 43% and saw they were crying at the new 57% ( 100% -43% = 57%) lower value of their tax-free bonds. He saw all these angry tax-free bond holders packing up to leave NY, while cursing Andrew who destroyed their income protection. A pox on Andrew and them all. Where will Andrew get any money when we leave, they snickered. Then, another ghostly figure appeared. He heard that apparition say Im the Ghost of Arnold of California Past. And grinning, the ghost picked from the mantle top a large vessel inscribed Trophy of Total Fiscal Failure and handed it to Andrew. The Ghost of Arnold of California Past then gave Andrew a Bill in the the ghosts name for $40 million dollars a day borrowed to pay unemployment insurance, and said to Andrew, this too will haunt you.The Ghost of Arnold of California laughingly said, I had only $80 billion in General Obligation Debt and you had $120 billion and a whole lot less people to spread it among. The ghost kept laughing and said, my State was described as the Lindsay Lohan of States, but yours will fare worse as the John Belushi of States.Andrew turned to the Ghost of NY Yet To Come with his mustache and said, you look familiar. The Ghost replied, I was a former Governor and Prosecutor. Andrew asked, why do I dread you so? Im the harbinger of the your new tormentor, who will rise in my former role. And the Ghost of NY Yet To Come carried Andrew back to his bed passing over endless angry crowds screaming, Hes impoverished us. .Andrew awoke sweating. A Pox? Was that Thomas Dewey? Was he just imagining that he saw pitchforks? Oh, no, theres the Trophy of Total Fiscal Failure.Tags: Andrew Cuomo, bernard madoff, cuomotarp, eliot bernstein, eric holder, foley & lardner, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, MICHAEL GREBE, ny senate judiciary committee, patentgate, proskauer, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Proskauer Rose Law Firm Accused of Murder by Investigative Blogger Crystal L. Cox Over the IviewIt Technologies Scandal.  Foley & Lardner and Michael Grebe also Accused of Attempt to Murder World Famous Inventor of Scaling Video and Imaging Technologies Eliot I. BernsteinNovember 11th, 2010 Repost Courtesy of Crystal Cox Investigative Blogger @ http://www.industrywhistleblower.com/2010/11/proskauer-rose-law-firm-accused-of.htmlTuesday, November 9, 2010Proskauer Rose Law Firm Accused of Murder by Investigative Blogger Crystal L. Cox over the iViewit Technologies Scandal.I Believe Proskauer Rose Law Firm Big Wigs Murdered Steven Krane and Stephen Kaye and Tried to Murder iViewit Technolgy Founder and One of the Iviewit Inventors Eliot Bernstein and his Entire Family.Ever Wonder Why a Mans Car is Bombed in a Public Place in the State of Florida and the Local Police, District Court, Sheriff, County Attorney and Supreme Courts does nothing to EVEN look into it? Are You Kidding Me..? and the FBI File mysteriously disappears.. Come onWell that is Because Proskauer Rose LLP will do as they Damn Well Please and you will Sit Down, Shut Up and Take it or.. YOU will DIE. .. at the Very Least you will Lose your Quality of Life and all you knew to be your Life before you became Proskauer Roses Target..See when Proskauer Roses Corrupt Patent Attorney Christopher Wheeler first jumped on the Lets Steal an Awesome Invention idea well Kenneth Rubenstein (MPEG LA attorney - with Proskauer Rose) was not working with Proskauer Rose, though Kenneth Rubenstein is kind of the Last Man Standing Now as Christopher Wheeler Esq. was removed from Proskauer Rose LLP awhile back to keep him silent on the Iviewit Stolen Technology .. oh and the WHOLE Christopher Wheeler got drunk, almost killed a guy .. paid for his Silence thing. and Christopher Wheeler using Corrupt Proskauer Rose LLP connections to Steal HIS Grandchildren and Hospitalize their Mother ILLEGALLY.. . anyway..Kenneth Rubenstein, joined the Lets Steal iViewit Technologies Invention for Lockheed Martin and MPEG LA Party.. well alittle Late.. and Odd Kenneth Rubenstein, Corrupt Patent Attorney - and Well seriously in bed with MPEG LA - well Kenneth Rubenstein is Alive and Well, and still at Proskauer Rose LLP - despite the Perjured Deposition over the iViewit Technology theft, which you would think a powerful law firm like Proskauer Rose would Frown on..On the Record, and Recorded in Voice - Perjured Deposition Kenneth Rubenstein - MPEG LAhttp://www.kennethrubenstein.com/2010/10/perjured-deposition-by-corrupt.htmlScroll Down past the MPEG LA, Proskauer Rose, Lockheed Martin SEC Complaint..a Proven Criminal and Still Proskauer Rose keeps him around and MPEG LA just loves him.. there is a BIG reason for this..Kenneth Rubenstein - Proskauer Rose LLP, a Self Proclaimed Wealth Protection Attorney is a Proven Criminal and this Corrupt Proskauer Rose LLP attorney is protected in every way, as well, he has the power to bring in Billions on Top of Billions with the MPEG LA company using the iViewit Technology by Illegal Patent Pools.. Also with the SILENCE of Kenneth Rubenstein.. MPEG LA - Lockheed Martin stays out of Indictments and Massive Scandals in RICO and Recovery, in SEC Fraud, and a Federal RICO Lawsuit - as does Time Warner Inc., AOL, Intel Corp. , Warner Bros. , Sony and many more involved in the Massive Shareholder Fraud over the Stolen IViewit Technlogy. ( http://www.deniedpatent.com/ )so Kenneth Rubenstein has them all by the Balls.. and well he is certainly protecting their wealth for now.. thing is Kenneth Rubenstein forgot to Factor in .. well the TRUTH and those who Seek it.. such as me.. He Failed miserably to recognize that there would be some Mad Dog Blogger someday who would get all Truth Telling, Conspiracy Exposing, Illegal Activity Proclaiming on his Ass.AND prove IT .. without a Doubt in the Mind of any Honest Court, Ethical Attorney.. , Law Abiding Judge or well, anyone with a Brain !!!See Kenneth Rubenstein, last Man Standing at Proskauer Rose in the Iviewit Scandal.. well certainly he knows of the Murders of his Collegues by the Big Wigs at Proskauer Rose ? Why is Kenneth Rubenstein still with Proskauer Rose? hmmm..Steven Krane, Proskauer Rose BIG Wig Attorney connected to Ex-Supreme Court Judge Judith Kaye, who was appointed by Mario Cuomo.. ( and well is the Wife of Deceased Stephen Kaye.. well Steven Krane died at 53 .. come on . I believe that Proskauer ROSE murdered both Steven Krane and Stephen Kaye..Believe what makes you Sleep best at Night.But as for me. I believe it was Murder flat out, to hide what they knew about the 13 Trillion Dollar Technology that Kenneth Rubenstein, Christopher Wheeler - Proskauer ROSE Thugs STOLE for MPEG LA.. and Lockheed Martin.. and to hide the Facts they Knew about the Attempted Murder of the Eliot Bernstein Family.. So I Believe, Proskauer Rose LLP Killed their Own Top Attorneys.. to Protect the Firm ..Surely Proskauer Rose has connections to Big Pharma Companies that can help them in a drug that will induce a Natural Cause of Death such as a Heart Attack.. How about.. Say .. Regeneron Pharmceuticals, Inc. - connected to Textron.. in a Behind the Scenes.. Scratch your Back .. way.. Hmm.. kind of Gets ya Thinking.. (Trivia: what Connects Textron to Lockheed to Proskauer to Regeneron oh and then back to me.. ) hmm.. ???I also believe that Chris Wheeler formerly of Proskauer Rose, along with the NY Proskauer Rose THUGS hired someone to BOMB the Mini Van of Inventor Eliot Bernstein in effort to Kill Eliot Bernstein - iviewit inventor and his family and Proskauer ROSE paid off the Boca Police in Order To Cover Up the Bombing.. therefore it was NEVER investigated.. and funny .. I am a Homeland Security Risk for BLOGGING.. and a Bombing was not even investigated.. and covered up by local cops as well as a Florida Supreme Court Judge (Jorge Larbarga) .. Shocking to Say the Least.. Well I guess.. 13 Trillion Dollars is a Whole Lot of Money..Oh and Dont Forget Eric Turner Florida Bar Attorney and the Flat Out Suppression of Truth by the Corrupt Supreme Court Judge Jorge Labarga  All Bought and Paid for By the Corrupt, Evil, Immoral, Criminals at Proskauer Rose LLP - Law Firm.oh and Foley and Lardner of Course.. .Michael Grebe was in On ALL of it.. Attempted Murder to Steal an Invention where by he was the Patent Attorney Firm in Charge of the Protection of the Inventor.. Michael Grebe is the Most Well Connected Corrupt Attorney in America - Says Investigative Blogger Crystal L. Cox.. Me and well, thats a Fact.. !!!(Note: Proskauer Rose is Filthy Rich, Evil and Connected, but Michael Grebe is the ONE who has the Power to Bug My home Phones, to put me on a Homeland Security list and to monitor my phone calls.. and well Duh.. I know how long you have been doing it.. I have NOTHING to Hide.. I am NOT the Criminal.. I am the Voice of TRUTH !! Oh and Dont Forget the FBI Lost the File on the Bombing.. That was a Michael Grebe Cover Up as Well..So Proskauer Rose LLP and Foley and Lardner,You Boys Bout Decided what to Do about Me Yet?.. or YOU going to let the Textron THUGScontinue to do your Dirty Work?..by the way.. I Love the Way you paid for MORE SPACE in the GOOGLE search to push me down.. thing is the Truth is Like Cream and it Rises to the Top..so Keep On Coming.. Thugs and Thieves..I Fear No Evil .. So Proskauer Rose, Michael Grebe, Lockheed Martin, Intel Corp, Warner Bros., Jeffrey Bewkes, Bruce Sewell, Foley and Lardner, MPEG LA, Kenneth Rubenstein.. I have Decided it is Officially Time for YOUR COME TO JESUS Party to Begin.. Ready ?Tags: allen stanford, Andrew Cuomo, barroway, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, New York Attorney General, okun, patent, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga Posted in Uncategorized |   Comments OffEliot Bernstein Iviewit Inventor Supports T. Finnans Allegations That Andrew Cuomo Covers-up More Of Robert Tembeckjians Crimes at New York Commisssion On Judicial ConductOctober 22nd, 2010  Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments  Andrew Cuomo Helps Sex Abusers Cover-up And Claims As Official NY Policy  Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernstein Supports Terence Finnans Claims of Cuomos Cover-Up of Sex Crimes Committed by Sexual Deviant Allen Isaac of Gladstein & Isaac Against Luisa Esposito.  Esposito & Iviewit Lawsuits Marked Legally Related to a New York Supreme Court Whistleblower Lawsuit of Christine C. Anderson by Fed Judge Shira ScheindlinOctober 7th, 2010 Reprint Courtesy of Terence Finnan @ http://cuomotarp.blogspot.com/Cuomos TARPExposing rampant corruption in the NY State and NY Federal Courts and Government covered up by Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, who defends the corrupt in both State and Federal actions, when he should protect the People. This lifts the cover off rather than place a TARP over (cover-up).TARP stands for TOXIC ATTORNEYS and REPROBATES PROTECTORAndrew Cuomo Helps Sex Abusers Cover-up And Claims As Official NY Policy Andrew Cuomo Failed Again To Clean The Sexual Abuser From His Own NestHere are Cuomos promises from his website Cuomo2010 in blue:We must restore honor and integrity to government, with tough new ethics standards, expanded disclosure requirements, independent investigators to root out and punish corruption But Andrew failed to root out the corruption with independent investigators. Check the story: Ms. Luisa Esposito fought back against the connected insider and sexual predator, Alan Issacs, with this recording. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VPIxOiuT9Q&feature=related   Ms.Esposito was stymied by the corruption and official misconduct *(NY Penal Law 195.00 Official misconduct) of various NY State and City employees who Andrew promised to root out. Allen Issac was found to have made unwanted sexual advances to Ms.Esposito and committedFelony Level Sexual Abuse, Coercion And Soliciting Sex From His Client, Obstruction of Justice, etc., and these crimes were reported to Manhattan Special Victims Squad, and listed As Felony Level Sexual Abuse.;  Although there was an arrest warrant out for Defendant Allen Issac, the Police Department never acted upon because, favors were called.  Andrew Cuomo, those favors and Issacs conduct and the continuing cover up by NY employed attorneys was the corrruption you promised to root out. Whats your Public Integrity Unit for?   You could have answered before Federal Judge Scheindlin, that you :1. Supported Ms. Espositos application to Reopen.2. Said you still claim immunity for all State employees for their official actions, but only for actions which carried out your and State policy to root out and punish corruption3. Said any acts by State or City employees that did not carry out official policy and were a cover-up are not subject to immunity from Espositos suit. And Andrew, it wasnt just one woman, because Ms. Filomeno also reported Mr. Isaacs to DDC, because she had been similarily victimized by Defendant, Allen Issac.  Andrew Cuomo, dont blame this on your lackey, Monica A. Connell, because she only filed the court document in your name!  Your court filing indicates that Sex Abuse and subsequent cover-up by NY State employees were the official policy of NY State and not acts which were not part of their NY State employment. By the way, the 11th amendment is superseded by the 14th Amendment in your legal arguments, in case you or Monica forgot:    Andrew Cuomo, you lied in your Cuomo2010 website. You havent rooted out and punished corruption The filthy Sex Predator remains protected in your fouled nest. Andrew Cuomo, did you get an indulgence for yourself and Issac from Marcia Pappas of NY NOW? Otherwise, whats your excuse? A FYI for your Public integrity Unit for a criminal prosecution follows: * Penal Law 195.00 Official misconduct. A public servant is guilty of official misconduct when, with intent to obtain a benefit or deprive another person of a benefit:1. He commits an act relating to his office but constituting an unauthorized exercise of his official functions, knowing that such act is unauthorized;or 2. He knowingly refrains from performing a duty which is imposed upon him by law or is clearly inherent in the nature of his office.Posted by T Finnan at Wednesday, October 06, 2010 Tags: allen isaac, Andrew Cuomo, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, gladstein & isaac, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, luisa esposito, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, patent, patentgate, proskauer, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, video, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments  Andrew Cuomos Predatory Heart Of Darkness  Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit Inventor Supports Terence Finnans claims of Cuomos Heart of Darkness, THE HORROR, THE HORROR, THE HORROR.  Cuomo Defendant in Trillion Dollar Fed RICO & ANTITRUST Lawsuit of Iviewit, Legally Related by Fed Judge Shira Scheindlin to a New York Supreme Court Whistleblower Lawsuit of Christine C. Anderson.October 7th, 2010 Reprint Courtesy of Terence Finnan @ http://cuomotarp.blogspot.comCuomos TARPExposing rampant corruption in the NY State and NY Federal Courts and Government covered up by Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, who defends the corrupt in both State and Federal actions, when he should protect the People. This lifts the cover off rather than place a TARP over (cover-up).TARP stands for TOXIC ATTORNEYS and REPROBATES PROTECTORAndrew Cuomos Predatory Heart Of DarknessA journey begins into a modern Heart of Darkness. Reuters reports, Racial predatory loans fueled U.S. housing crisis. Predatory lending began in the first Bush administration reports Lucy Komisar and was refined under Andrew Cuomo where, As Secretary of HUD, Andrew Cuomo reversed the policy of selling defaulted mortgages so that families could keep their homes. Instead, he chose to foreclose on mortgages, which meant that families lost their homes and insiders cleaned up on fire-sale priced properties. The US Treasury also lost billions. Cuomo reinstated the old HUD cash-cow-for-political-friends system. Cuomo took the profits from the loan sales and used them to justify huge new [mortgage insurance] originations, creating a huge housing bubble with the elimination of down payments, encouraging people who could not afford houses to buy them. Defaults went up.  And now instead of working out the defaulted single-family mortgages, he was foreclosing. There was a spike in families losing their homes and investments. But contractors and people handling property management and disposition made money. And there was sharply reduced recovery for the government.Cuomo enlarged the trough and the swine came running.  And who benefited from Cuomo? The General Accounting Office (GAO)in 2000 found that the Department was allowing lenders in the federally-insured mortgage business to engage in fraud and flipping that left homebuyers with crumbling houses and unaffordable mortgage payments. The fraudsters would buy property, often in poor neighborhoods, make cosmetic repairs and get puffed up property appraisals based in part on falsified documents attesting that homes had been renovated. They would sell them at high prices, with inflated mortgages, to unsuspecting buyers who trusted the appraisals. The owners of the houses quickly discovered their state, but often couldnt afford to repair their homes, or pay the mortgages, so the mortgages were foreclosed, generating fees for property managers. And flipped again. It was the fraud dramatized by the Sopranos. In fiscal 1999, HUD announced that it required $59 billion of undocumentable adjustments to balance the books...It had lost track of $59 billion! [But] Cuomo did not order the HUD IG to investigate the reason for the missing billions or to try to get the money back. Who was Cuomo protecting?  The most important man in Andrew Cuomos personal and political life, topping even his ex-governor father, is obscure, 46-year-old developer Andrew Farkas, whos ponied up over $2 million for the front-running attorney general candidate in recent years. That includes $1.2 million in salary that Farkass firm, Island Capital, paid Cuomo in 2004 and 2005, as well as over $800,000 in identifiable campaign contributions from varied Farkas companies, family members, and business associates. It does not include an undisclosed amount Island paid Cuomo up to June 2006.,  And what Cuomo did: Although, Farkas personally signed a preliminary settlement that August, agreeing to repay HUD $5 million of the management fees it had diverted. In March 1998, the final settlement required the company to pay another $2.4 million, still $200,000 less than the amount the government said Insignia had diverted. The company admitted no wrongdoing, paid no penalties, and was explicitly not required to surrender any of its HUD contracts.    Cuomos HUD even said in the 21-page agreement, also signed by Cuomos top counsel Howard Glaser, that it would not in any way seek to limit Insignias participation in agency programs.  Looking into Andrew Cuomos heart reveals his love for the those benefiting from his tenure at HUD and for his benefactor, Farkas. While, Andrew Cuomos rapacious heart could feel nothing for the unfortunate who were foreclosed to flip properties to his preferred, or the HUD tenants deprived of services, it wasnt racial as implied in Racial predatory loans fueled U.S. housing crisis.. It was Andrew Cuomo and the Devil demanding their due. Andrews heart, like the heart of his parabiosis, Gollum, encloses the darkest depravity. Is Cuomo or the Devil racist? No, Black, White, Brown or Yellow sheeple are equally fodder to be picked clean by the Devils vultures circling their local chieftain, Andrew Cuomo. As in Heart of Darkness, where, Themes developed in the novellas later scenes include the navet of Europeans (particularly women) regarding the various forms of darkness in the Congo; the British traders and Belgian colonialists abuse of the natives and mans potential for duplicity, the same themes repeat with the navet of New Yorkers regarding HUDs (Cuomos) evil intent, the government employees and HUD lenders and contractors abuse of the Black and White natives of NY and Cuomos duplicity. Why could this happen?  Because the Devils running dogs covered and are still covering Cuomos tracks. i.e., Fred Dicker (The Post), The NY Times, The Times Union Posted by T Finnan at Tuesday, October 05, 2010Tags: Add new tag, Andrew Cuomo, bernard madoff, eliot bernstein, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, marc dreier, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, patentgate, proskauer, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit Inventor supports T. Finnans claims re Andrew Cuomos Affairs; He Cheated; He Lied.  Cuomo involved in coverup of Attorney Sexual Predator Allen Isaac and the Iviewit Trillion Dollar Federal RICO & ANTITRUST lawsuit filed by Iviewit and legally related by Fed Judge Shira Scheindlin to New York Supreme Court Whistleblower Christine C. Anderson.October 4th, 2010 Reprint Courtesy of T. Finnan @ http://cuomotarp.blogspot.com/Cuomos TARPExposing rampant corruption in the NY State and NY Federal Courts and Government covered up by Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, who defends the corrupt in both State and Federal actions, when he should protect the People. This lifts the cover off rather than place a TARP over (cover-up).TARP stands for TOXIC ATTORNEYS and REPROBATES PROTECTORAndrew Cuomos Affairs; He Cheated; He LiedCheating Andrew Cuomos corruption affairs with male and female dregs both within and without NY government litter his court filings and his Public Integrity cover-ups. Andrew Cuomo cheats on the People by taking money from lawyers who represent clients who Cuomo is acting against in court. Who does Andrew Cuomo believe hes fooling with his donation forms, where contributors [are asked] to sign a statement saying they have no matter pending with him. That rule does not extend to attorneys representing persons or entities with matters before the NYS Attorney Generals office.The faithless Andrew Cuomo promised us, The influence of lobbyists and their special interests must be drastically reduced with new contribution limits; we will be taking on very powerful special interests which have much to lose. We must change systems and cultures long in the making. But, The New York Times shows that of the estimated $7.1 million that the Cuomo campaign has received from political action committees, associations, limited liability corporations and other entities, more than half has come from the biggest players in Albany: organized labor, the real estate and related industries like construction, the health care sector and lobbying firms. Yes, Andrew Cuomo, we understand, youre human; the lure of money was irresistible.But, Luke 16:13 No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. You cannot serve God and mammon. In 2008, you cheated; your staff lied; you promised:  The Amnesty window will be narrow;Andrews pretty serious about a real shake up, and he will not give state workers, including judges, more than 60 days to come clean. The plan, dubbed CAP (Cuomos Amnesty Program) by AG lawyers, is said to specifically include all attorneys admitted to practice in New York, whether or not they are state employed. Heads will role once the Amnesty Program endsDid you protect women from sex predators?  Did you promise in your CAP program above that state attorneys heads will roll?  Well, you failed and you failed again. Tomorrow, your pitiful defense of the corrupt state employed attorneys will be exposed along with the failure of your Public Integrity unit to bring indictments. Where does your love lie? Unlike Clinton, this isnt your private sex life, this is your public life. And you ask us to trust your cheating heart for another four years?Posted by T Finnan at Sunday, October 03, 2010 Tags: Andrew Cuomo, eliot bernstein, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, patent, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernstein Supports T. Finnan Regarding Sherlock Holmes Looks At Spitzer, Gollum Cuomo, Crooks, The NY Times And Medicaid FraudSeptember 27th, 2010 Reprint Courtesy of T. Finnan @ http://cuomotarp.blogspot.com/Cuomos TARPExposing rampant corruption in the NY State and NY Federal Courts and Government covered up by Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, who defends the corrupt in both State and Federal actions, when he should protect the People. This lifts the cover off rather than place a TARP over (cover-up).TARP stands for TOXIC ATTORNEYS and REPROBATES PROTECTORSherlock Holmes Looks At Spitzer, Gollum Cuomo, Crooks, The NY Times And Medicaid Fraud Things arent what they seem, skim milk masquerades as cream (Gilbert and Sullivan)How would Sherlock Holmes look at Spitzer/Cuomo? Are things what they seem or are there hidden villains? Spitzer begins a new CNN program October 4 with a non-flattering, of course, the problem that Andrew has is that everybody knows that behind the scenes, he is the dirtiest, nastiest political player out there and that is his reputation from years in Washington. When his father was governor, he was the tough guy. He has brass knuckles and he played hard ball. He has a lot of enemies out there.  Maybe, Spitzer hasnt fully examined his downfall? A new video is coming on Spitzers demise. It has Spitzers enemies as Wall Street crooks and Senate leader, Bruno. But Spitzer ought take a more detached Holmes like view and look who had the most to gain. Earlier on this blog, the quest of Gollum Cuomo for the ring is revealed.  Imagine Gollums dread, were Spitzer to run for reelection as Governor and then President in 2012; Gollums quest would fail because Gollum would be too old in 2020.  But, there were others with much to benefit with Spitzers downfall; Wall Street investigations and prosecutions ground to a halt under Cuomo as Attorney General, but Spitzer could have kept the prosecutions moving by using his NY Constitutional powers to order Cuomo to prosecute those who Spitzer as governor might identify.Scenarios and the potential winnersscenario 1: Wall Street investigations continue with the Sheriff of Wall Street, now Governor (using his constitutional powers) directing his Attorney General to prosecute. And a treasure trove of potential Wall street targets is provided by the Federal TARP bailouts. Winners - Spitzer; Losers - Cuomo loses the ring and is blamed by Wall Streeters using the Cuomo memo in the smoking gun on this blog as their excuse that they were just carrying out Cuomos policy.scenario 2: Spitzer realizes Medicaid fraud is bankrupting NY State and orders Cuomo to prosecute.Winners - Spitzer;Losers - NY fraudsters in government and Cuomo for not acting in his Public Integrity Unitthe scenario that happened: Spitzer leaves office in disgrace and Wall Street has nothing to fear from Cuomo; the NY Medicaid fraudsters keep their fattened positions and Cuomo now has the ring within his grasp.Winners - crooks and CuomoLosers - The People and SpitzerThen theres the role of the NY Times, which first reported on the Spitzer scandal. Clinton didnt resign for Lewinsky, who wasnt paid for sex. So why would Spitzer resign for paying for sex? Was Spitzer more moral than Clinton? What else did the NY Times and Feds have on Spitzer? Did they get it from Cuomo? And why didnt the NY Times report on the other possible federal charges against Spitzer? And then the NY Times removed another obstacle in Gollum Cuomo s quest, Paterson. Paterson slithered away after he was was exposed and threatened with further disclosures by the NY Times. And now, the NY Times is expecting to smear possible new House Speaker, Boehner.  What other crimes and sleaze is the NY Times using to blackmail who else and for whom? On the right, the NY Times is the NY Slimes, or worse, and on the left you have Michael Moore placing blame. Final Tally:1.Spitzer loses governorship and first Jewish Presidency, but gets CNN job.2. Wall Street crooks get the Sheriff of Wall Street off their backs and have a paid replacement, through their attorneys .  See Two Faced Cuomo changes Pay to Play.3. NY Medicare fraudsters continue to fatten at the public trough while Andrew looks the other way.4. Cuomo the dirtiest, nastiest political player out there, fills his campaign chest and continues his quest for the ring.5. The NY Times succeeds at blackmail, but its supply of suckers shrinks rapidly.Who says Cuomo did a good job? The NY Times? A good job for who, Wall Street Crooks and Medicaid fraudsters? Spitzer, the NY Times former love, was dumped for their new squeeze, Andrew. The NY Times bad boy choices lead to the question; whats the NY Times covering up on Andrew( the dirtiest, nastiest political player out there)? Andrew claims to want to drain the Albany swamp, but the outlet passing through the NY Times is willfully clogged with the Cuomo lovelorn.Posted by T Finnan at 5:41 PM 0 comments   Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google BuzzLabels: Andrew Cuomo, Gollum Cuomo, Medicaid fraud, NY Times, Spitzer, Spitzer CNN Midnight Shredding 25,000 Documents And A Thanksgiving Hymn to AndrewAndrew Cuomo can tell us about Shredgate (25,000 documents) which began under Spitzer and ended under Cuomo. The allegations should violate anyones sense of justice: state workers shredding thousands of written requests for name-clearing hearings from people accused of child abuse, then falsely declaring that the accused had withdrawn their requests. The shredding party went on for a month in 2004 in the state Office of Children and Family Services headquarters in Albany, carried out as most illicit acts are: after midnight, when no one is watching. But the state attorney generals office, according to a spokesman, never investigated possible crimes or other violations that might have resulted in disciplinary action against the supervisors who ordered the shredding. The attorney general surely was aware of the allegations; his office defended the state in the lawsuit. The pattern repeats.  Cuomos staff places the Cuomo TARP over crimes and/or malfeasances by State employees. The Cuomo TARP protects crooked lawyers, crooked judges and crooked State employees. Criminal and reprobate State employees have much to thank Cuomo for. And a Hymn of Thanksgiving, which can be sung by a Choir of Reprobates in praise of their protector has been written. Its to the tune of What a friend we have in Jesus.What a friend we have in Andrew,all our sins and crimes to bear! What a relief to not worry with Andrew in the Attorney General chair! O what peace we ought to forfeit,O what pain and jail we ought bear, but we are spared and protected with Andrew in the Attorney General chair. 2. Have we trials and lamentations? Are there indictments anywhere? We need never be discouraged; when we pay up with Andrews Share. Can we find an Attorney General so faithless who will forsake the People so? Andrew forgives our crime and avarice; when we pay up with Andrews share. 3. Are we fat and heavy laden, cumbered with a load of care? Precious Andrew, still our refuge; when we pay up with Andrews share. Do the Voters despise and hate us? Well, well pay up with Andrews share! In his arms hell hide and shield us; we will find our protection there.Tags: Andrew Cuomo, eliot bernstein, First Department, first department disciplinary, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, marc dreier, MICHAEL GREBE, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, patent, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit Inventor Supports T. Finnan Claims of Andrew Cuomos Shredgate.  Cuomo also a Defendant in the Iviewit Federal RICO & ANTITRUST lawsuit legally related by Fed Judge Shira Scheindlin to Christine Anderson New York Supreme Court Whistleblower Lawsuit!!! Read All About ItSeptember 23rd, 2010 Reprint Courtesy of T. Finnan @ CuomoTarphttp://cuomotarp.blogspot.comCuomos TARPExposing rampant corruption in the NY State and NY Federal Courts and Government covered up by Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, who defends the corrupt in both State and Federal actions, when he should protect the People. This lifts the cover off rather than place a TARP over (cover-up).TARP stands for TOXIC ATTORNEYS and REPROBATES PROTECTORMidnight Shredding 25,000 Documents And A Thanksgiving Hymn to AndrewAndrew Cuomo can tell us about Shredgate (25,000 documents) which began under Spitzer and ended under Cuomo. The allegations should violate anyones sense of justice: state workers shredding thousands of written requests for name-clearing hearings from people accused of child abuse, then falsely declaring that the accused had withdrawn their requests. The shredding party went on for a month in 2004 in the state Office of Children and Family Services headquarters in Albany, carried out as most illicit acts are: after midnight, when no one is watching. But the state attorney generals office, according to a spokesman, never investigated possible crimes or other violations that might have resulted in disciplinary action against the supervisors who ordered the shredding. The attorney general surely was aware of the allegations; his office defended the state in the lawsuit. The pattern repeats.  Cuomos staff places the Cuomo TARP over crimes and/or malfeasances by State employees. The Cuomo TARP protects crooked lawyers, crooked judges and crooked State employees. Criminal and reprobate State employees have much to thank Cuomo for. And a Hymn of Thanksgiving, which can be sung by a Choir of Reprobates in praise of their protector has been written. Its to the tune of What a friend we have in Jesus.What a friend we have in Andrew,all our sins and crimes to bear! What a relief to not worry with Andrew in the Attorney General chair! O what peace we ought to forfeit,O what pain and jail we ought bear, but we are spared and protected with Andrew in the Attorney General chair. 2. Have we trials and lamentations? Are there indictments anywhere? We need never be discouraged; when we pay up with Andrews Share. Can we find an Attorney General so faithless who will forsake the People so? Andrew forgives our crime and avarice; when we pay up with Andrews share. 3. Are we fat and heavy laden, cumbered with a load of care? Precious Andrew, still our refuge; when we pay up with Andrews share. Do the Voters despise and hate us? Well, well pay up with Andrews share! In his arms hell hide and shield us; we will find our protection there.Posted by T Finnan at 6:03 PM 0 comments   Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google BuzzLabels: Andrew Cuomo, Cuomo Hymn, Cuomo TARP, Shredding The Peoples Enlightenment Daily Prepares Us For Our New GovernorThings are so much better in NY.  In North Korea, Leader Kim Jong-il likely to use Workers party assembly to signal he is choosing youngest son Kim Jong-un as successor. Here in New York, Marios oldest son was anointed governor in waiting by Mario. In North Korea, an internal propaganda document praising Jong-un for his skill at organising a fireworks display and his expert handling of military vehicles. He is a genius of geniuses, the document said. He has been endowed by nature with special abilities. There is nobody on the planet who can defeat him in terms of faith, will and courage. And here in NY, The Peoples Enlightenment Daily, aka the NYT, has praise for our new governor in waiting and his flawless tenure in a real job as Attorney General and harsh criticism for the party spoilers. Praise be to Mario for raising, preparing and giving us our next governor. And for our environmental image concerns, we wish for new colorful pictures of our governor in waiting in a green Mao suit. And, of course, a identical looking version for the Cuomo Babuska doll.Posted by T Finnan at 5:44 PM 0 comments   Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google BuzzCuomos Dual Role As Both A Financial And A Corruption Moral HazardWikipedia describes moral hazard: Politicians and regulators representing the taxpayer and voter may regulate financial institutions to lend money to specific voting blocks, special ethnicities, special interests, favored companies, and unionized businesses with favored unions, rather than regulate financial institutions to lend money in such a fashion as to reduce the risk the taxpayer will have to bail them out, particularly if the bailout is likely to happen after the next elections. This aptly describes Andrew Cuomos acts as HUD Secretary.  But Cuomos also succeeded in extending moral hazard to NY State corruption.Andrew Cuomo became a corruption moral hazard, to add to his prior financial moral hazard status.  In an earlier post here, Cuomos CAP programs failure to be implemented was the beginning part of Cuomos corruption moral hazard And in the same post, Cuomo turned the Federal Housing Administration mortgage program into a sweetheart lender with sky-high loan ceilings and no money down, and he legalized what a federal judge has branded kickbacks to brokers that have fueled the sale of overpriced and unsupportable loans  This was Cuomos earlier incarnation as the financial moral hazard which directly caused the Federal Tarp bailout and our present economic malaise. See Cuomos smoking gun.Cuomo as a corruption moral hazard was accentuated by his representation of crooked lawyers, judges and other State employees in Federal lawsuits. This is the direct cause of a newly pending federal action 08 Civ 2391, which concerns fraud, NY State corruption and $140,000.00 stolen from American Red Cross 9/11 donation money- still unpaid; and which namesTHE STATE OF NEW YORK; THE OFFICE OF COURTADMINISTRATION OF THE UNIFIED COURT SYSTEM; THE N.Y. STATE COMMISSION ON JUDICIAL CONDUCT; THE N.Y.S. 1ST DEPT., DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE; THE N.Y.S. GRIEVANCE COMMITTEE, 9TH JUDICIAL DISTRICT;and the following State employeesTHOMAS J. CAHILL, in his official and individual capacity;SHERRY K. COHEN, in her official and individual capacity;GARY L. CASELLA, in his official and individual capacity;NANCY J. BARRY, in her official and individual capacity;FRANCIS A. NICOLAI, in his official and individual capacity;JOSEPH M. ACCETTA, in his official and individual capacity,ROBERT M. DIBELLA, in his official and individual capacity;ANTHONY A. SCARPINO, in his official and individual capacity Cuomos duty is to NY State and a honest lawful government, not to the protection of crooked State employees. But, Andrew Cuomo used NY State funds and employees to defend fraud, theft and corruption criminal acts and to obstruct justice by not protecting NY States interest in honest government and instead defending the criminal acts by State employees.Luke 16:13 No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. You cannot serve God and mammon. Andrew Cuomo, you cannot serve the People of NY and Mammons corrupt NY courts. Your failure to carry out your CAP program encouraged more corruption and your multiple defenses of crooked State employees in a large number of Federal Corruption cases while Attorney General encouraged even more. The smoking gun post has a exact copy of your memo creating a financial moral hazard and along with it our current recession (depression?).Posted by T Finnan at 5:46 PM 0 comments   Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google BuzzLabels: Andrew Cuomo, Corruption Moral Hazard, Cuomo Corruption, Cuomo Smoking Gun, Financial Moral Hazard Constitution Day 9/18/2010, Cuomo Replaces Bill Of Rights With Cuomos TARPThe US Constitution gave us the Bill of Rights (first ten amendments) in federal actions, and after the Civil War the fourteenth amendment extended the Bill of Rights to the citizens of all States for State actions. This was codified in federal law in 42 U.S.C.  1983.Although Supreme Court First Justice Marshall stated: The Government of the United States has been emphatically termed a government of laws, and not of men. It will certainly cease to deserve this high appellation if the laws furnish no remedy for the violation of a vested legal right, when citizens of NY attempt to get federal remedy in federal courts for the deprivation of their civil rights by NY State, Andrew Cuomo through his attorneys claims that they cant obtain those rights. ExposeCorruptCourts.blogspot.com lists TENfederal cases in the growing New York Ethics Scandal.1. (07cv09599) Anderson v The State of New York, et al2. (07cv11196) Bernstein, et al v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al3.(07cv11612) Esposito v The State of New York, et al4. (06cv05169) McNamara v The State of New York, et al 5. (08cv02391) McKeown v The State of New York, et al6. (08cv02852) Galison v The State of New York, et al7. (08cv03305) Carvel v The State of New York, et al8. (08cv04053) Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al9. (08cv04438) McCormick v The State of New York, et al10.(08cv05455) Capogrosso v The New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al In NY, the Bill of Rights, Laws and any remedy for their deprivation has been replaced by the Bill of Protection for crooked lawyers, judges and other protected State employee, aka, Cuomos Tarp.And we have the benefit of government by anointed men with the expected Legacy ascension of Andrew Cuomo to Governor.Tags: Add new tag, Andrew Cuomo, bernard madoff, eliot bernstein, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, marc dreier, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpegla, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, patent, patentgate, proskauer, sex, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, wayne huizenga Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Iviewit Inventor Eliot Ivan Bernstein Supports Kevin McKeown aka Frank Brady Federal Lawsuit Regarding Stolen 9.11 Red Cross Funds Legally Related by Federal Judge Shira Scheindlin to New York Supreme Court Whistleblower Christine C. Anderson Lawsuit.   READ ALL ABOUT IT @ EXPOSE CORRUPT COURTS!!!September 17th, 2010 Article Courtesy of Expose Corrupt Courts @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2010/09/federal-court-asked-to-reopen-another.htmlThursday, September 16, 2010Federal Court Asked To Reopen Another NY State Corruption CasePlaintiff, -against- 08 Civ 2391 (SAS)PLAINTIFFS AFFIRMATION IN SUPPORT OF MOTION TO REOPENTHE STATE OF NEW YORK; THE OFFICE OF COURTADMINISTRATION OF THE UNIFIED COURT SYSTEM;THE N.Y. STATE COMMISSION ON JUDICIAL CONDUCT;THE N.Y.S. 1ST DEPT., DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE;THE N.Y.S. GRIEVANCE COMMITTEE, 9TH JUDICIAL DISTRICT;THOMAS J. CAHILL, in his official and individual capacity; AFFIRMATIONSHERRY K. COHEN, in her official and individual capacity; IN SUPPORT OFGARY L. CASELLA, in his official and individual capacity; MOTION TONANCY J. BARRY, in her official and individual capacity; REOPENFRANCIS A. NICOLAI, in his official and individual capacity;JOSEPH M. ACCETTA, in his official and individual capacity,ROBERT M. DIBELLA, in his official and individual capacity;ANTHONY A. SCARPINO, in his official and individual capacity;ROBERT A. KORREN; JEFFREY A. MCNAMARA;PATRICIA BAVE-PLANELL; GIULINI & GIULINI, ESQS.;CHARLES A. GIULINI, individually and as a partner ofGiulini and Giulini; CHRISTINE GIULINI, individually andas a parter of Giulini and Giulini; CATHERINE M. MIKLITSCHMCQUADE & MCQUADE, ESQS.; JOSEPH F. MCQUADE,individually and as a partner of McQuade & McQuade;MICHAEL D. MCQUADE, individually and as a partner ofMcQuade & McQuade; and JOHN and JANE DOES, 1-20,Defendants.xPlaintiff Kevin McKeown, pro se, respectfully moves this day, September 11, 2010, for an order reopening the above captioned matter based upon new facts, a fraud upon this Honorable Court and pursuant to F.R.C.P. 60 (b) and (d)(3), inter alia. As this Honorable Court is aware, this case concerns $140,000.00 stolen from American Red Cross 9/11 donation money- still unpaid; What this court has not known, until now, is that the defendants have defrauded this court as they have knowingly acted without required jurisdiction, inter alia, thus void of any immunity.Background1. The operative 1st Amended Complaint was filed on May 12, 2008 (Attached hereto as EXHIBIT A) On August 8, 2008, this Honorable Court dismissed the action (EXHIBIT B). On May 12, 2009, this Honorable Court found that the Court had no jurisdiction since the matter was on appeal; the appeal was only finalized on August 12, 2010 (See attached 08cv2391 Docket Sheet EXHIBIT C). All filings in this application are respectfully herein incorporated as if fully annexed. As this Honorable Court has only again had jurisdiction less than 30 days, the herein request is timely and, in the interest of justice, must be granted.A Knowing and Deliberate Fraud Upon This Court2. The defendants were stripped of jurisdiction in the underlying action on November 4, 2003 by well-settled New York State Law. Their filings and actions areVOID under New York State law. And since they acted without jurisdiction, they cannot by law assert any type of immunity.CLICK HERE TO SEE FILED DOCUMENT WITH EXHIBITSUNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORKxKEVIN MCKEOWN, 3. The defendants were aware that as a matter of New York State law, all proceedings had been stayed since November 4, 2003 when a party interested in the underlying proceeding committed suicide. Defendant attorneys Patricia Bave-Planell, Frank Streng, Robert Korren and Joseph McQuade, among others, have knowingly failed to file the only Motion that could ever be filed or accepted: a required on-notice substitution of party papers. (Weber v Bellinger, 124 AD2d 1009). It is uncontested that the required substitution has never been filed. The New York State law is simple: without party substitution upon the death of an interested party, there is no jurisdiction. Accordingly, Immunity of any kind does not apply in this matter. All attorneys and State actors had an ethical obligation to advise this Court.4. Even the state defendants, and their attorneys, have ignored their own obligation to follow state law and to report or take action against those who were violating state laws and attorney ethical codes and, further, who were improperly acting without jurisdiction.5. This Court must look very dimly upon the attorneys in this action who have failed to bring to this Honorable Courts attention the fact that laws and ethical codes of conduct had been violated by attorneys and state actors in this very proceeding. All attorneys were aware that the state law has always been clear regarding the lack of jurisdiction upon the death of an interested party. But these attorneys advanced known void rulings to this Court, or fraudulently asserted immunity claims when such protection had been stripped by the lack of jurisdiction.6. As alleged in the 1st Amended Complaint, and as accepted as true in the Courts August 8, 2008 dated order of dismissal, a wide-range cover-up was put in place to hide the improper filings of attorney Frank Streng- a publicly advertised friend, supporter and insider of the judge who accept his improper filings and who himself would subsequently make rulings without jurisdiction.Without the Proper Substitution of a Party, The State Actors Lacked Jurisdiction7. It is well-settled law that the lack of the proper substitution of a party in an action renders all subsequent orders null and void as the court lacks jurisdiction (see, Bossert v Ford Motor Co., 140 AD2d 480; Silvagnoli v Consolidated Edison Employees Mut. Aid Socy., 112 AD2d 819) None of the state actors had jurisdiction since November 4, 2003. Each and every order since November 4, 2003 is VOID as a matter of law (see, Byrd v Johnson, 67 AD2d 992). The defendants, and their attorneys, knowing failure to act without jurisdiction is the essence of the denial of due process. And their silence of the violations of the known laws are a fraud.8. I have no other remedy of law. My filings to: state administrative judges; all higher state courts; all court, attorney and judicial ethical bodies have only resulted in retaliation and threats against me. Meanwhile, not one entity, including the New York State Attorney Generals Office, has disputed the lack of jurisdiction since November 4, 2003. The collective silence by the defendants, state actors and attorneys on what I now know as basic New York State Required Party-Substitution law begs this Courts immediate action.9. The state actors improperly continued proceedings with the full knowledge that as a matter of law all proceedings were stayed upon the death of an interested party- all in complete violation of my rights concerning due process. (Brown v Konczeski, 242 A.D.2d 847; CPLR 1015, 1021). Indeed, the attorneys involved have never disputed their collective failure to file On-Notice Substitution of Party papers since all matters were stayed, by law, on November 4, 2003. Notably, not one defendant disputes that all matters have been stayed since November 4, 2003, and by operation of well-settled state law.10. If the 1st Amended Complaint is taken as true, then the thereto-annexed timeline of the illegal court filings confirms the lack of the required party-substitution submission. While I am not an attorney and did not know this law when I filed my complaint, surely the defendants were aware of the state law requiring party substitution. Indeed, the involved attorneys (who financially benefited from the fraud), court clerks (who were friends of the attorney who filed the fraudulent assignment) and the Surrogate Judge (who would later recuse himself because of his admitted and advertised closeness with the attorney who filed the fraudulent assignment) were aware of the state law requiring party substitution.THE UNDERLYING FRAUD11. Ronald P. McKeown, Jr., purportedly executed an Assignment of Share in Estate and an Affidavit Re Assignment of Share in Estate (hereinafter collectively as the ASSIGNMENT), dated October 30, 2003, with knowledge that its purpose was to defraud creditors of the assignor, the IRS, the State of Texas, to advance a deception upon the Surrogates court, and violate various state laws of New York and Connecticut.12. In is uncontested that within days after Ronalds death on November 4, 2003, Frank W. Streng, Esq., attorney of record for Ronald, presented the purported assignment for filing in the Surrogates Court. In Addition, Mr. Streng subsequently filed his own attorney affidavits in the Surrogates Court referencing and relying upon that fraudulent assignment.13. Irrefutable evidence exists of collusion between the state actors, state agencies, and certain influential lawyers who sought to improperly profit at my expense, and who have damaged me and violated various federally protected rights. The lawyers against whom damages are sought had numerous ethical complaints filed, all of which asserted similar violations of the mandatory disciplinary regulations. But they were protected by Corrupt NYS Attorney Ethics bodies.14. Testimony before this Honorable Court in Anderson, began the process of unmasking State employees, and others, who have improperly acted under the color of law. Without a fair and objective trial in U.S. District Court of the substantive Constitutional and Civil Rights issues, including demonstration of offenses with the evidence, systemic State corruption becomes Law of the Land, superior to all Constitutionally guaranteed rights and contrary to all U.S. Codes.15. The actions of the defendants violate my equal rights and other guaranteed rights that are explicitly protected by the U.S. Constitution and U.S. laws cited in the complaint and herein. Such violations are federal questions correctly before this U.S. District Court. The Eleventh Amendment no longer applies as the new fact of action by state actors without jurisdiction is now known to this Honorable Court.16. I respectfully requesting that in addition to re-opening the instant case, that the Honorable Court sua sponte appoint a federal monitor to oversee the day-to-day operations of the New York State Attorney and Judicial Ethics bodies for an indefinite period of time.Continuing Evidence of Plaintiffs Allegations of Widespread Corruption17. Plaintiff also respectfully renews the request for this Honorable Court to immediately schedule a hearing to take the testimony of two New York State judges, and who at all times have wanted to appear before this Court to discuss the widespread corruption as herein alleged. (The Judges affidavits are attached hereto as EXHIBIT D and EXHIBIT E)18. Taking all the allegations in plaintiffs Amended Complaint as true, plaintiff has properly alleged that the individual defendants acted in numerous instances to deprive plaintiff of his constitutional rights to due process, equal protection of the law, and other constitutional violations. Because these individual defendants are state actors, and have blatantly used the badge[s] of their authority to deprive [plaintiff] of [his] federally guaranteed rights under the United States Constitution,  1983 is the vehicle by which plaintiff may seek and obtain his much-needed relief. Wyatt, 504 U.S. at 161. Because  1983 is a federal statute, this Court has jurisdiction to adjudicate plaintiffs claims. And because it is now known that the state actors knowingly acted without jurisdiction, this case is now ripe for immediate discovery and trial.19. Indeed, just like this federal court, the courts of New York State (including the DDC) are entrusted with the responsibility of adjudicating the merits of cases without self-dealing, corruption, and illegality. However, plaintiffs complaint states that such courts have not so performed their duties; rather, plaintiffs complaint alleges numerous acts of corruption, illegal activity, and obstruction of justice in the operation of the courts of New York State. Given that the allegations in plaintiffs complaint are taken as true, plaintiffs allegations state legitimate claims for relief, and ones now known to have been void of any immunity.20. Indeed, because this Court has already stated that the DDC is an arm of the NY State Courts, and is the court itself, plaintiff maintains that he merely requested an unbiased, fair and honest court system to adjudicate his claims. Simply put, plaintiff simply requested that the courts of New York State honestly do their job. Plaintiff has alleged that he was deprived of this very basic right, which necessarily deprived him of his right to due process of law, a free and fair court system, and the right to petition his government. These constitutional violations demand federal redress, and plainly provide this Court with federal jurisdiction.21. The United States Constitution does permit this Court to review the decisions of the EMPLOYEES of New York State (and other lawyers). The Supreme Court found in Jett v. Dallas Independent School_District (491 U.S. 701 (1989)), that 42 U.S.C. 1981 by its terms prohibits private discrimination as well as discrimination under color of state law. The Court considered whether 1981 created a private right of action to enforce that prohibition against state actors. The Court concluded that, the express cause of action for damages created by 1983 constitutes the exclusive federal remedy for violation of the rights guaranteed in 1981 by state governmental units. (Id. at 720-721, 733).22. A plaintiff may sue a state official acting in his official capacity - notwithstanding the Eleventh Amendment - for prospective, injunctive relief from violations of federal law. (Opinion and Order, p36). And as now known, the Eleventh Amendment does not apply here.23. The U.S. Supreme Court in Scheuer v. Rhodes (416 U.S. 232 (1974)) held: The Eleventh Amendment does not in some circumstances bar an action for damages against a state official charged with depriving a person of a federal right under color of state law, and the District Court acted prematurely and hence erroneously in dismissing the complaints as it did without affording petitioners any opportunity by subsequent proof to establish their claims.24. Further in Scheuer v Rhodes, the Court noted If the immunity is qualified, [416 U.S. 232, 243] not absolute, the scope of that immunity will necessarily be related to facts as yet not established either by affidavits, admissions, or a trial record. Final resolution of this question must take into account the functions and responsibilities of these particular defendants in their capacities as officers of the state government, as well as the purposes of 42 U.S.C. 1983. Now known is the fact that even qualified immunity cannot now be asserted as jurisdiction had been stripped.25. [G]overnment officials performing discretionary functions generally are shielded from liability for civil damages insofar as their conduct does not violate clearly established statutory or constitutional rights of which a reasonable person would have known. (Harlow v. Fitzgerald (1982) 457 U.S. 800, 818 [73 L.Ed.2d 396, 410]). Here, state actors knew they lacked jurisdiction.26. I assert violations of civil rights and other rights of which so-called legal professionals would have known. The state actors and the legal professionals also should have known that their jurisdiction had been stayed upon the death of an interested party. I also asserted evidence to demonstrate that such violations of guaranteed rights are planned, intentional, and organized for profit to the chosen few who are lawyers and officials benefiting at my expense. I also assert that discovery would further verify the civil and criminal allegations made by me are already confirmed as plausible.27. Title 42 U.S.C. 1988 in relevant part confers on the district courts protection of all person in the United States in their civil rights, and for their vindication, shall be exercised and enforced in conformity with the laws of the United States, so far as such laws are suitable to carry the same into effect; but in all cases where they are not adapted to the object, or are deficient in the provisions necessary to furnish suitable remedies and punish offenses against law, the common law, as modified and changed by the constitution and statutes of the State wherein the court having jurisdiction of such civil or criminal cause is held, so far as the same is not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of the United States, shall be extended to and govern the said courts in the trial and disposition of the cause (emphasis added).28. This Court was not asked to review State of New York court decisions. The acts, without jurisdiction, of State employees were described to demonstrate such actions resulted in the conspiracy against my rights. Title 42 U.S.C. 1985 (2) applies to obstructing justice; intimidating a party, or witness if two or more persons in any State  conspire for the purpose of impeding, hindering, obstructing, or defeating, in any manner, the due course of justice in any State.29. In Zahrey v. City of New York, (No. 98 Civ. 4546(LAP), 1999), on a motion to dismiss, the District Court dismissed the claims against defendant Coffey on the ground of qualified immunity. Without determining whether a prosecutors fabrication of evidence violated a constitutional right, this Court ruled that Coffey was entitled to qualified immunity because the law was not `clearly established in 1996 that a prosecutors fabrication of evidence violated a persons constitutional rights.30. On appeal to the U.S. 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, (Zahrey v. Coffey, No. 99-9119), this Courts dismissal was reversed and remanded: We hold that there is a constitutional right not to be deprived of liberty as a result of the fabrication of evidence by a government officer acting in an investigatory capacity, at least where the officer foresees that he himself will use the evidence with a resulting deprivation of liberty.  [W]e conclude that the allegations of the complaint suffice to indicate that a qualified immunity defense may not be sustained without further development of the facts.31. In Gloria Perez, et. al v. Jesus Ortiz, et. al, 849 F. 2d 793 (2nd Cir. 1988), the court, held that the district court erred in dismissing the claims sua sponte without giving plaintiffs notice and an opportunity to be heard, and abused its discretion in dismissing the official capacity suits against appellees without giving appellants an opportunity to amend their complaints to conform to the requirements for such a suit.ROOKER-FELDMAN DOCTRINE IS INAPPLICABLE32. There are not State proceedings dealing with the issues raised in Plaintiffs complaint, or with these Defendants; the relief sought (injunctive relief against the state and money damages against individuals) has not been sought in State courts. This District Court has not been asked to change any State decisions. Plaintiffs complaint does not concern actions properly judicial in nature since Plaintiff asserts lack of Eleventh Amendment Immunity and the fact that acts by individuals beyond the legal limits of their official positions occurred, thereby harming Plaintiff by deprivation of substantive and material guaranteed rights under U.S. laws.33. The Supreme Court case of Exxon Mobil Corn. v. Saudi Basic Industries Corp. (544 U.S. 280 (2005)) clearly shows that claim preclusion is a separate doctrine entirely. In Exxon the requisite elements that must be met for the Rooker-Feldman doctrine to apply are defined as:(a) First: The case must be brought in District Court by a party that has already lost in state court.(b) Second: The injury claimed must be as a result of the judgment itself. There is no judgment in my case. The complaint in District Court concerns on-going abuse of civil rights under color of state law without jurisdiction, or state authority, by state employees and other lawyers causing damages to Plaintiff;(c) Third: A final judgment on the state court proceeding must have already been rendered before the federal action is brought. This does not apply here.(d) Fourth: The federal case must invite review and rejection of the state law claim; if the claims are not identical, the Federal claim must be inextricably intertwined with the state law claim, so as to implicate common facts pertaining to the same transaction or occurrence. (District of Columbia Court of Anneals v. Feldman, 460 U.S. 462,483 n. 16 (1983)).This does not apply to my case. Since official corruption causing deprivation of civil rights was not part of any State proceeding, there was no previous injury from judgment since there was no final State court judgment, therefore Rooker-Feldman does not apply. STANDING34. I asserts widespread and systemic corruption by State employees acting in violation of their oaths of office and without jurisdiction. I believe that such abuses of official positions should be immediately stopped by injunctive relief and by appointing a Federal Monitor.35. Three tests determine if a would-be plaintiff has standing: the litigant must show: (a) that he has suffered personally some actual or threatened injury; (b) that the injury must be fairly traceable to the alleged illegal conduct of the defendant, and (c) that the injury must likely be redressed by a favorable decision. (Valley Forge Christian College v. Americans United for Separation of Church and State, 454 U.S. 464, 472 (1982)). Causation and redressability are required (Simon v. Eastern Ky. Welfare Rights Org., 426 U.S. 26, 38, 41-43 (1976)). The Supreme Court has referred to the injury-in fact standard as the irreducible minimum required by the Constitution.FEDERAL RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE 8, 9 & 1236. My complaint presented substantive facts without bald assertions. Such facts, must be taken as true (Opinion and Order, p.30). The revelations of organized and systemic corruption substantiates the statements that might have been otherwise labeled implausible. The now-known lack of jurisdiction confirms the planned, improper and damaging actions by the defendants against me. Discovery will further substantiate the preliminary facts asserted. I made statements of fact and attempted to provide enough details (pursuant to Rules 8, 9, and 12) to demonstrate that the claims were not speculative and should not be summarily dismissed sua sponte without discovery.37. I have state and federal constitutional rights of, inter alai, due process, which has been undisputedly denied me, and which begs this courts intervention.38. Finally, and also new to this Honorable Court, are the words of the Honorable Joseph W. Bellacosa, former Judge of the New York State Court of Appeals and Chief Administrative Judge of the New York State Court System (Attached hereto as EXHIBIT F) . Judge Bellacosa asks, Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? (Who will watch the watchdogs?) Briefly, Judge Bellacosa speaks directly to the need of this Court to take immediate and substantive action regarding the federal violations of law by New York State actors, and as herein complained of by plaintiff.39. WHEREFORE, based on the facts, new information, fraud upon this court and the decisions cited above, plaintiff respectfully requests that this Honorable Court: grant the requested motion, REOPEN the instant 08cv2391 case, direct the Clerk of the Court to return the case to active status, and appoint a federal monitor to review the herein allegations and any and all such asserted allegations by those similarly situated.DECLARATION UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURYThe undersigned declares under penalty of perjury that he is the plaintiff in the above action, that he has read the above and that the information contained therein is true and correct, 28 U.S.C.  1746; 18 U.S.C  1621.Dated: New York, New YorkSeptember 11, 2010Respectfully submitted,KEVIN MCKEOWNKevin McKeown, Pro SeP.O. Box 616, New York, New York 10156(212) 591-1022 tel - kmck22333@aol.comTO: ANDREW M. CUOMOAttorney General of the State of New YorkAttn: Anthony J. Tomari, Assistant Attorney General120 Broadway, 24th Floor,New York, New York 10271Joseph F. McQuade, Esq.,Michael D. McQuade, Esq.,McQuade & McQuade390 Fifth Avenue  Room 711,New York, New York 10018CLICK HERE TO SEE FILED DOCUMENT WITH EXHIBITSPosted by Corrupt Courts Administrator at 12:31 PM   14 comments:Shiras conscience saidShira, Shira, Shira. What say you?What say you, Shira, to federal prosecutors?Cant hear you. Please speak up.Wait. Just not yet.First, think of your judicial oath.Yeah, yeah. Thats it.Then speak up.And speak loudly Judge Shira Scheindlin.September 16, 2010 12:54 PM  Anonymous saidgood comment. my thoughts exactly.September 16, 2010 12:59 PM  Anonymous saidyou see, theres always a silver lining. sherry can now go drinking with the former chief counsel drunk- cahill, forget his first name right now, think it was shotglass. yeah, SHOTGLASS CAHILL.September 16, 2010 1:21 PM  Anonymous saidSherrys not alone. The rumor is that about 8 lawyers are leaving the DDC. Friedbergs been acting especially paranoid lately. Maybe he should start drinking and take over where Sherry left off. Dont forget that Alans a corrupt chump like Sherry, actually bigger in some area.September 16, 2010 1:37 PM  Anonymous saidDoes anyone see how sad all this is? Does anyone see these orders for these people to commit such hainous acts must have come from above and now they are all afraid..sadI thought her name wasSeltzer Cahill!One SeltzerraTwo SeltzerraThree SeltzerraFLOOR!September 16, 2010 1:47 PM  Anonymous saidAre the other litigants who had their cases thrown out going to refile?If there are more cases attacking these individuals and their corrupt actions, it should provide more evidence of a pervasive, systematic and long term pattern of corruption.Maybe then the DOJ will take action.September 16, 2010 1:55 PM  LE saidSherry Cohen, Thomas Cahill, Naomi Goldstein, Alan Friedberg, David Spokany, all need to go directly to Jail!! Hey, do any of you guys know Attorney Allen H. Isaac, Esq. (GOD). Im sure you do!!!!! How much did he pay you guys to protect him?ALLEN H. ISAAC, Esq. (Docket No: 2005.3074). Isaac is a SEXUAL PREDATOR, WHO COMMITTED FELONY LEVEL CRIMES, received a mere slap on the wrist by the Appellate Court, First Dept. What a freaking JOKE that was!!!Court transcripts were altered, they withheld crucial evidence, they tampered with evidence.. and denied Esposito an attorney during the disciplinary hearings against Allen Isaac!!!Naomi Goldstein, Esq. was promoted soon after the disciplinary proceedings against Allen Isaac. Im sure she was handsomely rewarded for protecting him!!!!Hey, what a stinking minuteHow the HELL did the Appellate Court, First Department RULE on Allen H. Isaacs fate in the first place when they are TOTALLY CONFLICTED!!!! Didnt they hear Espositos A/V DVD tape?September 16, 2010 2:17 PM  WOW saidJUDGE SHIRA A. SCHEINDLIN NEEDS TO DO THE RIGHT THING FOR ALL THE RELATED CASESRE-OPEN THEM IS THE ONLY RIGHT THING TO DO..AND ASAP!!GOOD LUCK TO KEVIN MCKEOWN, ANDERSON, ESPOSITO, STEPHEN LAMONT, ELIOT BERNSTEIN, CAPOGROSSO, MCCORMICK, CARVEL, ETC.MAYBE NOW THEYLL FINALLY DO THE RIGHT THING..JUDGE, THE WRITING IS ON THE WALL.CRIMES, CRIMES, CRIMES.JUSTICE, JUSTICE, JUSTICE!!!!!!JUDGE SHIRA A. SCHEINDLIN CAN YOU HEAR US!!!!!!!!September 16, 2010 2:23 PM  Anonymous saidLuisa C. Esposito, Plaintiff, pro-se, filed her motion to reopen her FEDERAL COMPLAINT (07- Civ-11612 (SAS),last week. The Court issued an Order directing her defendants to reply by Sept. 17, 2010..DO YOU THINK theyre getting nervous?HOW and WHY did Esposito and the related cases get dismissed?September 16, 2010 2:36 PM  T Finnan saidNotice,the attorney for most of the defendants is Andrew Cuomo. Notice that many of the acts are federal and state crimes. Note that Andrew Cuomo has used NY State funds and employees to defend criminal acts. Did Andrew Cuomo obstruct Justice by interceding to defend criminal acts by some defendants? Andrew Cuomos duty is to defend NY State interests and not the criminal acts by State employees.Luke 16:13 No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. You cannot serve God and mammon.Andrew Cuomo, you cannot serve the People of NY and Mammons corrupt NY courts.September 16, 2010 6:41 PM  Anonymous saidI dont get it.Cuomo only serves one master.Himself.September 16, 2010 7:32 PM  Eliot Bernstein Iviewit Inventor saidWhere are the beefy exhibits Frank E Baby? Anyone got beef with my hero Scheindlin for what she already did for you all by having Anderson sing death lullaby to Cahill, Sherry, AG Cuomo, Spookany, etc. must take it up with me, her soon to be Supreme Court chauffeur. You never know what gun is put to the head of those who do the right thing immediately after and what it may cause them to do after, like gun to granddaughter head can be swaying to some but you can never forget that pristine moment of heroism. You must worship it forever, despite what the future holds. Now be prepared in that scenario of Scheindlin acting off to fire off complaints against her if she does not follow the law but file them with love and pain, as I do with Catherine Wolfe and others. To all those waiting for her, stop and do something bold with what is already before you, be proactive stop waiting for Frank or Shira or Cuomo, fire off some criminal complaints against all those Anderson fingered with everybody, the more the merrier.And to those most unethical ethics officers who have cast an evil upon this land filled with pain and suffering and death, take comfort that I, Eliot and I A-m That I A-m have a special place for you in hell. I personally will be your eternal tour guide, if you think my writing is long wait until you hear my voice eternally damning you, 24.7.Eternally. Ask Cahill if his soul has been sucked from his being, ask him my name and you will see fear.Sherry K. Cohen, I already have sucked the lifeblood from your soul. Remember me in Scheindlins court, the devilish looking angel that your eyes were fixated upon? Your breath sucked dry, as I sat directly in front of your lying and evil soulless body, remember the conversation that only you could hear? I already hear your prayers, your whiney begging and know they will not be answered as that conversation was had, the jury out. This sentence will be long, slow and eternally painful, you will pray more and more for swift death but the beginning is now, death will not help, it is when the fun with you really begins.Your Travel Guide to HellBat Out of HellMad InventorEliot Ivan BernsteinSeptember 16, 2010 7:37 PM  Anonymous saidIs this guy Bernstein for real????September 16, 2010 7:51 PM  Anonymous saidof course Eliot is real, read the last three salutations again, therein lies your answer!September 16, 2010 8:02 PM Tags: Add new tag, Andrew Cuomo, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, MICHAEL GREBE, ny senate judiciary committee, patentgate, proskauer, sex, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Another One Bites the Dust!  Defendant in Whistleblower Christine C. Andersons Federal Lawsuit, Sherry K. Cohen of the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee joins Thomas Cahill in early retirement.  Iviewit Inventor, Eliot I Bernstein Supports Criminal Actions Against Cohen, Cahill and other Members of the New York Supreme Court.  EXTRA  READ ALL ABOUT IT @ EXPOSE CORRUPT COURTS!!!September 17th, 2010 Copy courtesy of Expose Corrupt Courts @http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2010/09/corrupt-ethics-attorney-sherry-k-cohen.htmlThursday, September 16, 2010Corrupt Ethics Attorney Sherry K. Cohen Departing, FinallySherry Kruger Cohen, the corrupt Deputy Chief Counsel of the Appellate Division, First Department Attorney Departmental Disciplinary Committee (the DDC) has agreed to take the state-offered buy-out. Mrs. Cohen, a graduate of Hofstra University Law School, will leave her post at the 61 Broadway state offices at the end of the year. Posted by Corrupt Courts Administrator at 11:32 AM   12 comments:Wall Street Attorney saidSomeone should suggest a presidential stimulus package for the Wall Street bars and liquor stores. After Sherry leaves the DDC, there will be a dramatic hit on the liquor business.September 16, 2010 12:03 PM  Sherry Cohen Victim saidThis corrupt, mean-spirited bitch should rot in hell for her illegal actions. Whoever you God is, Sherry, you should be frozen with fear!September 16, 2010 12:51 PM  Anonymous saidHoly crap. Can you imagine the drinking thatll be going on when the Sherry leaves the DDC. First, everyone who works there will have a party thatll last for days. Also, Sherry wont be bothered with destroying and creating evidence anymore, shell be drinking more than ever, if thats even possible.Is anyone taking a collection. Lets send her a few hundred cases of booze. Or instead of a gold watch, how about golden handcuffs.September 16, 2010 12:58 PM  Quietly Smiling saidAh, the departure of the cleaner is oh so interesting. Think shell wind up at the First Department Court in some capacity?September 16, 2010 1:12 PM  Anonymous saidWhy is she waiting for the end of the year, so they can find some other corrupt corner to put her in?September 16, 2010 1:27 PM  Anonymous saidWhy would the state offer any buy outlike they did those corrupt banks & corporations..No money for Cohen, she did the dirty deeds, she has gotten caught and paybacks are a bitch!September 16, 2010 1:30 PM  Anonymous saidlet those lawyers & law firms she covered up for pay her a consultant fee !!!!!September 16, 2010 1:42 PM  Anonymous saidlet those lawyers & law firms she covered up for pay her a consultant fee !!!!!September 16, 2010 1:42 PM  Anonymous saidOh Sherry, hic up, hic up..Did Allen Isaac find you another position somewhere else?..maybe at the DAs Office next to ADA Lisa Friel!!!Is Naomi Goldstein going anywhere?..Is she still at the DDC? Im sure shes going to be promoted Chief Counsel soon!!Good bye and good riddens Sherry Cohenhave you confirred with your pal Allen Isaac about your departing plans??????September 16, 2010 2:59 PM  Maybe!!!! saidTaTa Sherry..dont let the door hit you in the arzzzzzzzz!!!!! Btw,dont forget to bring the rest of the thugs along with youI hope and pray the Feds grab all of you while youre walking out the door!!!!!September 16, 2010 4:53 PM  Anonymous saidWhere are the beefy exhibits Frank E Baby? Anyone got beef with my hero Scheindlin for what she already did for you all by having Anderson sing death lullaby to Cahill, Sherry, AG Cuomo, Spookany, etc. must take it up with me, her soon to be Supreme Court chauffeur. You never know what gun is put to the head of those who do the right thing immediately after and what it may cause them to do after, like gun to granddaughter head can be swaying to some but you can never forget that pristine moment of heroism. You must worship it forever, despite what the future holds. Now be prepared in that scenario of Scheindlin acting off to fire off complaints against her if she does not follow the law but file them with love and pain, as I do with Catherine Wolfe and others. To all those waiting for her, stop and do something bold with what is already before you, be proactive stop waiting for Frank or Shira or Cuomo, fire off some criminal complaints against all those Anderson fingered with everybody, the more the merrier.And to those most unethical ethics officers who have cast an evil upon this land filled with pain and suffering and death, take comfort that I, Eliot and I A-m That I A-m have a special place for you in hell. I personally will be your eternal tour guide, if you think my writing is long wait until you hear my voice eternally damning you, 24.7.Eternally. Ask Cahill if his soul has been sucked from his being, ask him my name and you will see fear.Sherry K. Cohen, I already have sucked the lifeblood from your soul. Remember me in Scheindlins court, the devilish looking angel that your eyes were fixated upon? Your breath sucked dry, as I sat directly in front of your lying and evil soulless body, remember the conversation that only you could hear? I already hear your prayers, your whiney begging and know they will not be answered as that conversation was had, the jury out. This sentence will be long, slow and eternally painful, you will pray more and more for swift death but the beginning is now, death will not help, it is when the fun with you really begins.Your Travel Guide to HellBat Out of HellMad InventorEliot Ivan BernsteinSeptember 16, 2010 7:38 PM  Tax payer saidThe first time I saw Sherry K. Cohen the mental image was of her is the uniform of an SS Nazi guard.Her subsequent appearances have not dissuade me of this representation. How much did her continued silence cost the 1st DEPT. aka the NYS Illegal System?How much of the taxpapers money did the dirtbags spend?Tags: Andrew Cuomo, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, hofstra, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, marc dreier, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, patent, patentgate, proskauer, sherry cohen, sherry k cohen, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Christine C. Anderson, New York Supreme Court Whistleblower Comes Out Swinging at New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, claims Cuomo Violating Public Office Duties Aiding Abetting Criminal Obstruction of Justice??? Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernstein Supports Andersons Heroic Claims of Corruption in the New York Supreme Courts and Prosecutors Offices.  READ ALL ABOUT IT @ Expose Corrupt Courts!!!September 16th, 2010 Reprint Courtesy of Frank Brady / Kevin McKeown @exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com where my comments keep disappearing but they are in entirety below.Expose Corrupt CourtsMLK said: Injustice Anywhere is a Threat to Justice EverywhereEnd Corruption in the Courts!Court employee, judge or citizen - Report Corruption in any Court Today !! As of September 6, 2010, weve received over 109,900 tipsKEEP THEM COMING !! CorruptCourts@gmail.comMost Read StoriesSource Reveals Senator John Sampson Quietly Directing Feds in NY Corruption FIghtWall Street Journal: When our Trusted Officials LieNY Senator John Sampson Accepting Input on Chief Judge NominationMassive Attorney Conflict in Madoff ScamFBI Probes Threats on Federal Witnesses in New York Ethics ScandalComing to a Corrupt Court Near You: A New Administrative JudgeGovernors Future Hinges on Chief Judge PickPortfolio Magazine - Why was Tom Carvels Death Certificate Forged?Federal Judge: But you destroyed the faith of the people in their government.Attorney Gives New Meaning to Oral ArgumentWannabe Judge Attorney Writes About Ethical Dilemmas SHE Failed to Report3 Judges Covered Cronys 9/11 Donation FraudFormer NY State Chief Court Clerk Sues Judges in Federal CourtConcealing the Truth at the Attorney Ethics CommitteeNY Ethics Scandal Tied to International Espionage SchemeWestchester Surrogates Courts Dastardly DeedsWednesday, September 15, 2010Anderson Moves to Disqualify NY Attorney GeneralCLICK HERE TO READ ANDERSONS FILING TO DISQUALIFY THE ATTORNEY GENERALUNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUITXChristine C. Anderson, Case No.: 07cv9599Plaintiff-Appellant, (SAS) (AJP)2d Cir. No. 09-5059-cv v. The State of New York,Defendants-Appellees. XNOTICE OF MOTION PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that upon the accompanying affirmation, Plaintiff-Appellant Christine C. Anderson will move this Honorable Court, at the United States Courthouse, 500 Pearl Street, New York, New York 10007, at a date and time to be determined by the Court, for an order:(1) DISQUALIFYING the Office of the New York State Attorney General from representation of defendants; and(2) for such other and further relief as the Court may find just and proper.Dated: New York, New YorkSeptember 14, 2010Christine C. Anderson, plaintiff, pro se227 Riverside Drive  Suite 2NNew York, New York 10025917-817-7170 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting917-817-7170end_of_the_skype_highlighting telTo: Monica Wagner, Esq., Assistant Attorney General, Office of the NYS Attorney General, 120 Broadway, 24th floor, New York, New York 10271UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUITXChristine C. Anderson, Case No.: 07cv9599Plaintiff-Appellant, (SAS) (AJP)2d Cir. No. 09-5059-cvv. The State of New York,Defendants-Appellees. XAFFIRMATION IN SUPPORT OF MOTIONI, Christine C. Anderson, make the following affirmation under penalties of perjury:I, Christine C. Anderson, am the plaintiff-appellant in the above entitled action, and respectfully move this court to issue an order disqualifying the Office of the New York State Attorney General from representing defendant-employees of the State of New York in any legal proceeding involving the herein before any federal or state court, agency or any other tribunal. The reasons why I am entitled to the relief I seek, and pending remand to the district court for a new trial as herein explained, are the following: I. Introduction 1. The trial court abused its discretion in denying my request for a new trial, a reversible error, inter alia. That error continues before this appellate body and requires immediate correction. Because of the unique perspective of the trial judge, the decision as to whether to grant a new trial is committed to the district courts sound discretion and will be reversed only for a clear abuse of that discretion. Kempner Mobile Electronics, Inc. v. Southwestern Bell Mobile Systems, 428 F.3d 706, 716 (7th Cir. 2005); Latino v. Kaizer, 58 F.3d 310, 314 (7th Cir.1995). The trial judge advanced a miscarriage of justice by denying the application for a new trial. Remand is clearly indicated in this matter.2. Fed.R.Civ.P. 59 does not list the grounds for which a new trial may be granted. (Wright  95). In federal courts, common law must be looked to in determining the available grounds. Of the numerous grounds justifying a grant of new trial, one is that the interests of justice require a new trial. See e.g., Fort Howard Paper Co. v. Standard Havens, Inc., 901 F.2d 1373, 1379 (7th Cir. 1990) (affirming grant of new trial after a three-week jury trial). Among the grounds cited for seeking new trials are the following: (1) Irregularity of the proceedings;(2) Misconduct of jury;(3) Accident or surprise;(4) Newly discovered evidence;(5) Insufficient evidence;(6) Verdict against law;(7) Error in law;(8) Excessive or inadequate damages.3. A court has broad discretion in considering a Rule 59(e) motion. Hagerman v. Yukon Energy Corp., 839 F.2d 407, 413 (8th Cir.), cert. denied, 488 U.S. 820 (1988). Rule 59(e) was adopted to clarify that the district court possesses the power to rectify its own mistakes in the period immediately following the entry of judgment. White v. New Hampshire Dept of Employment Sec., 455 U.S. 445, 450 (1982) (internal quotations omitted). A Rule 59(e) motion may be granted to correct a manifest error of law or fact, or to consider newly-discovered evidence. See Hagerman, 890 F.2d at 414.II. The Attorney Generals Representation of the Defendants ConstitutesA Clear Conflict of Interest, and Violates Plaintiffs Right to Due Process4. In this action, plaintiff Anderson was confronted with an unquestionably unfair set of circumstances. She brought her complaint against three individuals, who, although employed by the State of New York, were also sued in their individual capacities. These defendants in turn were at all times represented by the New York State Attorney General. Thus, while the plaintiff charged the defendants with serious violations of law, the Attorney General stood before the jury defending these very same actions as proper and within the law. This arrangement seriously prejudiced the plaintiff, as jurors could and likely did conclude that the State of New York supported fully the conduct of the defendants. Ongoing Conflict of Interest5. Representation by the New York Attorney Generals office in the pending appeal continues the improper prejudice against plaintiff. Furthermore, not only did the Attorney Generals representation of the defendants unduly prejudice the plaintiff, but it also raised serious conflict of interest issues with respect to the defendants themselves. To protect their own rights, each of the defendants had to have their own attorneys in order to permit them to cross claim or make admissions, including their own right to protect their own individual rights in this appeal. Under New York State and federal conflict of interest rules, each of the defendants must be free to undertake these independent actions. To do so, they must have their own counsel. (See NYS Code of Professional Conduct Cannon 5 Conflict of Interest Rules.[1]) The Attorney General as a state attorney is bound by these rules as well. [2]6. This constitutes New York State law, and the attorney who violates these safeguards must be immediately removed from the case. Further, should the defendants seek to waive the conflict- they would have to submit an affidavit to that effect to the court. Notwithstanding a defendants attempt to waive his right to independent counsel, the court can deny the waiver, based on a finding that ultimately this conflict cannot properly be waived. The trail court improperly ignored the obligation to address the inherent conflict up to and including the trial. This court, however, must now disqualify the Attorney General from any representation of the defendants.7. As a result of these conflict of interest issues, the Attorney General cannot properly represent the defendants, either as a group or individually, in these appellate proceedings. Each defendant must have the right to advance his or her own position on appeal, to cross claim against the others, and to bring a counterclaim against the State. These actions most certainly could not be undertaken in a case where the Attorney General represents all the named defendants. All defendants clearly are in conflict with each other, especially in their individual capacities. Without question, the Attorney General violated its ethical rules and the public trust in undertaking to represent all of the defendants. The Attorney General continues to violate its ethical rules by appearing before this appellate body. This would be the case, even were it established that the defendants had sought to consent to such representation.The Clear Need For Remand8. The involvement of the New York Attorney General in refuting plaintiffs allegations, which involved serious violations of federal and state law and ethical standards, and in presenting the case of each defendants, denied plaintiffs due process and equal protection guarantees, and right to a fair and impartial trial. See Snyder v. Massachusetts, 291 U.S. 97, 105 (1934) (if a practice or rule offends some principle of justice so rooted in the traditions and conscience of our people as to be ranked as fundamental) and Eldridge v. Williams, 424 U.S. 319 335 (1974) [3]9. The conflict here is particularly acute given the nature of the claims brought by plaintiff Anderson. Plaintiffs charges warranted an independent investigation by the New York State Attorney Generals Office to review the basic claims given that Anderson was formerly a Departmental Disciplinary Committee staff attorney with considerable experience and over the years received excellent evaluations. The fact is that these are not allegations from a lay person.10. While at the DDC, Plaintiff Anderson was charged with investigating cases involving possible criminal and civil misconduct by attorneys. She carried out her duties as a duly authorized officer of the Court. The New York State Attorney Generals Office was therefore obligated to protect her and to investigate her claims of serious misconduct against the named parties. To the Contrary, the New York State Attorney Generals Office failed to do so. 11. The Attorney General is a publicly funded arm of the State. It was conflicted from the outset of this case because it could not possibly defend any of the defendants, while simultaneously investigating plaintiffs claims of serious ongoing misconduct by the defendants. Indeed, no explanation has ever been provided as to why the Attorney General did not represent plaintiff Anderson against any of the original defendants. This was itself a misappropriation of public funds by a state investigative agency with prosecution powers.12. Federal law mandates that a special prosecutor be substituted into the case, and this was not done. The actions of the Attorney General here confused, misled and confounded the jury, by creating a false impression that the acts were officially sanctioned by the state.13. Furthermore, Christine Andersons allegations have substantial impact on the public, the bench and bar, and cannot be ignored by the New York State Attorney Generals Office merely because they were motivated to defend this lawsuit. This serious conflict demanded independent counsel for the defendants as a matter of fairness and high ethical conduct to all involved, particularly to Christine Anderson. Having denied independent counsel to the defendants, the Attorney General prejudiced plaintiff by making it appear to the jury that the State of New York and the New York State Attorney Generals Office supported defendants conduct. This was a burden Christine Anderson could never overcome and, at a minimum, warrants a new trial. The unfair burden continues before this appellate court. 14. Additionally, Remand is also certain as the trial Court was concerned about the aforestated conflict of interest and in one of its last instructions to the jury, the Court warned the jury not to draw a negative inference adverse to the defendants for their joint representation by the New York State Attorney Generals Office. That instruction was injurious to the plaintiff, Christine Anderson, in that it prejudiced the jury against her and in and of itself warrants a new trial for the following reasons:a. It was one of the last instructions to the jury and thus was ingrained in the minds of the jury as a lasting impression. Furthermore, as one of the last instructions to the jury, it elevated its importance over and above all prior instructions as something that had to be considered indifference to all else. b. There was no countervailing instruction to the jury that it could find a negative inference of the representation by the New York State Attorney Generals Office favorable to the plaintiff. This failure prejudiced the jury against the plaintiff by implying at a minimum, that the state supported all of the defendants conduct and found that it was within the bounds of the law.c. Had the Court even given the jury an instruction not to draw a negative inference of the representation of the defendants by the New York State Attorney Generals Office as against either or both the plaintiff and the defendants, such an instruction only demonstrates the proof that there is an impermissible conflict of interest in the manner in which this case was conducted, that can only hurt one party over another. Further, the representation by the New York State Attorney Generals Office made it appear New York State supported the defendants conduct and that it was within the bounds of the law. d. By the Court issuing the jury instruction not to draw a negative inference adverse to the defendants for their representation by the New York State Attorney Generals Office, the court preserved the argument to be raised in this motion and appeal.e. Allowing all of the defendants to be represented by the same counsel and by the New York State Attorney Generals Office created an impermissible conflict of interest. Indeed, the conflict was so strong, that had the jury ruled against any one or all of the defendants, they would have been entitled to seek a new trial for impermissible conflict of interest as they would entitled to their own independent counsel. This court is thus faced with the fact any unsuccessful litigant in this case appeal could be expected to move for and would be entitled to a new trial because of the impermissible conflict of interest, as all of the defendants are required to have their own independent counsel, and to be represented their own counsel.15. The American Bar Associations Code of Professional Responsibility elaborates on the duty of a public prosecutor such as the New York Attorney General to seek justice as follows:This special duty exists because: (1) the prosecutor represents the sovereign and therefore should use restraint in the discretionary exercise of governmental powers, such as in the selection of cases to prosecute; (2) during trial the prosecutor is not only an advocate but he also may make decisions normally made by an individual client, and those affecting the public interest should be fair to all . (ABA Code of Prof. Responsibility, EC 7-13, emphasis added.)16. Therefore, a prosecutors duty of neutrality is born of two fundamental aspects of his employment. First, the prosecutor, in this case the Attorney General, is a representative of the sovereign, and consequently must act with the impartiality required of those who govern. Second, the Attorney General can at all times call upon the vast power of the government, by utilizing public funds, and therefore must refrain from abusing that power by failing to act evenhandedly.17. These key duties are not limited to criminal prosecutions, but must also be observed in civil cases as well. These safeguards are included in the ABA Code. A government lawyer in a civil action or administrative proceeding has the responsibility to seek justice and to develop a full and fair record, and he should not use his position or the economic power of the government to harass parties or to bring about unjust settlements or results. (Id., EC 7-14, emphasis added.) 18. In the present case, the Attorney General was under the ethical duty to withdraw in order to preserve plaintiffs right to a fair and impartial trial. In a case such as this, not only is the Attorney Generals neutrality essential to a fair outcome for the plaintiff, it is critical to the proper function of the judicial process as a whole. Our system of justice relies for its validity on the confidence of society. Without a continuing belief by the people that the system is just and impartial, the concept of the rule of law cannot survive. (See id., EC 9-1, 9-2.)19. The New York State Attorney General is a public official elected by statewide ballot [4]. The American Bar Associations Code of Professional Responsibility addresses the special considerations applicable to a lawyer who is also a public official as follows: A lawyer who is a public officer, whether full or part-time, should not engage in activities in which his personal or professional interests are or foreseeably may be in conflict with his official duties. (ABA Code of Prof. Responsibility, EC 8-8.) [A]n attorney holding public office should avoid all conduct which might lead the layman to conclude that the attorney is utilizing his public position to further his professional success or personal interests. (ABA Committee on Prof. Ethics, opn. No. 192 (1939); see also People v. Conner, 34 Cal.3d 141, 146.) 20. The governments investigative and prosecutorial interests must be balanced against the public interest in insuring that the individuals and organizations receive effective representation, and are accorded their full constitutional rights and protections.21. There are at least two reasons why a court should satisfy itself that no conflict exists or at least provide notice to the affected party if one does. First, a court is under a continuing obligation to supervise the members of its Bar. E.g., In re Taylor, 567 F.2d at 1191; see Musicus v. Westinghouse Electric Corp., 621 F.2d 742, 744 (5th Cir.1980) (per curiam) (district court obligated to take measures against unethical conduct occurring in proceedings before it). Second, trial courts have a duty to exercise that degree of control required by the facts and circumstances of each case to assure the litigants of a fair trial. Koufakis v. Carvel, 425 F.2d 892, 900-01 (2d Cir.1970); see ABA Code of Judicial Conduct, Canon 3(A)(4). 22. For example, when a litigants statutorily appointed counsel is acting against that persons interests because of a conflict that the party has not been informed of and cannot be expected to understand on his own, it can be concluded that the litigant is not receiving a fair trial. Cf. Wood v. Georgia, 450 U.S. 261, 101 S.Ct. 1097, 67 L.Ed.2d 220 (1981) (divided loyalties of counsel may create due process violation).23. Attorneys are officers of the court, Clark v. United States, 289 U.S. 1, 12, 53 S.Ct. 465, 468, 77 L.Ed. 993 (1933), and are obligated to adhere to all applicable disciplinary rules, and to report incidents of which they have unprivileged knowledge involving violations of a disciplinary rule. ABA Code of Professional Responsibility, DR 1-102(A), 1-103(A); see In re Walker, 87 A.D.2d 555, 560, 448 N.Y.S.2d 474, 479 (1st Dept 1982) (as officers of the court, attorneys are required to notify parties and the court of errors including conflicts of interest). 24. Occupying a position of public trust, the Attorney General, as any public prosecutor is possessed  of important governmental powers that are pledged to the accomplishment of one objective only, that of impartial justice. (Professional Responsibility: Report of the Joint Conference (1958) 44 A.B.A.J. 1159, 1218.) The duty of a government attorney has been characterized as a sober inquiry into values, designed to strike a just balance between the economic interests of the public and those of the landowner, is of high order. (Id. at p. 871.) 25. Canon 9, A Lawyer Should Avoid Even the Appearance of Professional Impropriety, has been invoked by this Court in attorney conflict cases. See, e.g., Fund of Funds, Ltd. v. Arthur Andersen & Co., 567 F.2d 225, 234-35 (2d Cir.1977). The Model Rules of Professional Conduct, adopted by the ABA House of Delegates on August 2, 1983 contain similar provisions and language. See Rules 1.7, 8.4.26. Furthermore, and central to the issue of preventing prejudicial influence of government attorneys on court proceedings, it is common for states to adopt statutes or regulations that prohibit those holding the office of Attorney General, as well as their deputies and staff attorneys, from participating as attorneys in private litigation matters. (see e.g. Arizona Revised Statutes 41-191[5] Attorney general; Florida Statutes, Section 27.51(3), [6] Maryland Statutes and Procedures Governing Pro Bono Services of Attorney General Office[7] .) 27. The reason for adopting these restrictions is most obvious. For the Attorney General or any member of the staff to participate in a civil trial involving a private litigant will create the prejudicial inference that the state has reviewed and approved the position advocated by the government attorney. Such an inference can and likely will influence the outcome of the matter to the detriment of the opposing party. 28. It is for the above stated reasons that no Attorney General or staff member should be permitted to represent a private litigant in any adversarial proceeding. Only such an outright prohibition will properly preserve the standards of fairness and impartiality guaranteed to all litigants under federal and state constitutions. The present lack of statutory and/or ethical policy guidelines barring the participation of state law officers from representing private litigants in civil proceedings must be addressed by courts even if not by policy makers. III. The Attorney Generals Office Cannot Ethically Continue Any Representation29. The irregularity of the proceedings below were confusing, misleading and prejudicial to the plaintiff enough without the involvement of the Attorney General. Indeed, remand will result after review of the Instructions to the jury, the court marked-up Verdict Sheet after a written jury question to the court concerning the whitewashing of attorney ethics complaints and wide-practiced corruption that, in fact, counsel for the defendants- The New York State Attorney Generals Office- had an obligation to investigate, inter alia.30. Improperly, the top law enforcement officer of the state was silent and action was, and is, absent. This cannot be condoned by this appellate court.31. The involvement of the Attorney Generals office improperly left the jury, and proceeding itself, in an unclear, puzzling and convoluted condition. This confusion resulted in a proceeding which is in a word repugnant.32. The mere presence of the Attorney General has at all times been prejudicial to the plaintiff and, at best, confusing to the jury. It has been established that both inconsistent or equivocal instructions and incorrect statements of the law may be prejudicially erroneous, Bollenbach v. United States, 326 U.S. 607, 612, 66 S.Ct. 402, 90 L.Ed. 350 (1946); United States v. Neilson, 471 F.2d 905, 908 (9th Cir. 1973); Bolden v. Kansas City Southern Ry. Co, 468 F.2d 580; Ratay v. Lincoln National Life Ins. Co., 378 F.2d 209 (3d Cir.), cert. denied, 389 U.S. 973, 88 S.Ct. 472, 19 L.Ed.2d 465 (1967), and that comments made by the court shortly before the jury retires are critical, Norfleet v. Isthmian Lines, Inc., 355 F.2d 359, 362 (2d Cir. 1966). 33. The lower court improperly allowed representation of the defendants by the Attorney General. In fact, the court below improperly condoned the Attorney Generals presence, accordingly directing the jury that the Attorney Generals representation was proper when it was not. It is generally assumed that juries act in accordance with the instructions given themand that they do not consider and base their decisions on legal questions with respect to which they are not charged. Dist. Council 37 v. New York City Dept. of Parks and Recreation 113 F3d 347,356 (2d Cir. 1997). 34. It was never up to the jury to consider the ethical failings of the Attorney Generals representation. It was the obligation of the Attorney Generals office, and upon the failure of that duty, the obligation of the court. 35. There is also no record that the role of the Attorney General as defense counsel was properly and adequately explained to the jury. While this also constitutes another reversible error by the Court which will be addressed by the appeal itself, representation of the Attorney Generals office improperly remains.IV. Newly Discovered Evidence At Trial Required Immediate Disqualification36. The court gave the jury above-referenced instructions and its members adjourned to the jury room to deliberate at approximately 1:25 pm on Thursday, October 29, 2009. After the jury left the courtroom, the court first announced that she had denied the defendants pending motion for a directed verdict. She next stated words to the effect that she found that , .Cahill was aware of the whitewashing allegations (Exhibit A, pages 808-809) The judge read this statement related to defendant Cahills conduct into the record as part of her order denying defendants directed verdict. This fact alone requires a new trial, and should have resulted in the Attorney Generals office immediately withdrawing from the case.37. In addition, Courts have an obligation to report and order investigation into official and at times criminal misconduct. This is a duty of the Court. There is no record to date as to any action having been undertaken by the Court regarding this central question. (See also recent decisions on spoliation of evidence which are state and federal crimes. Acorn v. Nassau County - cv052301 (2009 USDistLEXIS 19459) and Gutman v. Klein, 03cv1570. 2008 WL 5084182, 2008 WL 4682208.38. The Courts finding of culpability on the part of Defendant Cahill constitutes newly discovered evidence, which directly supports the fundamental allegations of Plaintiff. Remand to the District Court for a new trial is highly likely as the trial court abused its discretion in denying a new trial. The Attorney Generals failure to withdraw is, in fact, sanctionable and worthy of referral to the attorney ethics committee.39. Clearly the newly discovered fact that defendant Cahill, as the head of the DDC and supervisor of the other named defendants, had full knowledge of whitewashing activities would in all likelihood have changed the outcome of the case. This central fact establishing the liability of all named defendants could not have been discovered earlier and is not merely cumulative or impeaching. (See Farragher v. Boca Raton , 524 U.S. 775, 18 S. Ct. 2275 (1998) which imputes liability to supervisors in any event. In Farragher, the Supreme Court held that an employer is vicariously liable for actionable discrimination caused by a supervisor. All defendants are jointly and severally liable here. In fact, the State of New York is liable under Faragher, all while representation of the Attorney Generals office improperly continued. JUDICIAL FINDING KEPT FROM A DELIBERATING JURY40. Here, the new evidence establishes that in the view of the Court, Defendant Cahill, the head officer of the DDC and the supervisor of the other defendants, had full knowledge of the practice of whitewashing as alleged by Plaintiff, leading to the parallel conclusion that whitewashing was accepted as a common practice by the defendants, and presumably other staff members of the DDC. Had such facts been confirmed during the trial stage, the jury would have come to know and understand the illegal activities that were accepted as everyday practice by the DDC staff, a finding totally consistent with a main element of Plaintiffs case. At all times relevant, however, the Attorney Generals office improperly continued their representation of the very people the Court found had acted illegally.41. The Courts statement after the close of trial accepting the establishing the whitewashing activities by Defendant Cahill will demand remand for a new trial. Meanwhile, the damage to the rule of law and ethics by the Attorney Generals office must be dealt with by this appellate court. V. Witness Tampering  Threat on Witness in a Federal Proceeding42. The Attorney General and the trial court were aware that in August of 2008, one of the plaintiffs witnesses, DDC staff attorney Nicole Corrado, was threatened. Two days prior to her deposition testimony, state employee, and DDC Deputy Chief Counsel, Andral N. Bratton, and who had been her immediate supervisor for approximately 5 years, confronted Corrado. Bratton advised Corrado that in 2007 he had admitted himself into a psychiatric hospital for serious emotional problems, that he had suicidal tendencies, and that he was warning her accordingly. When Corrado asked Bratton why he was warning her, Bratton simply repeated several times in a very serious and stern tone by saying, Im just warning you. 43. Following Corrados deposition testimony on August 21, 2008, Brattons behavior toward Corrado became more harassing, troubling, frightening and threatening as he began to follow her inside and outside of the state office where they both worked. Corrado subsequently reported these serious issues to DDC chief counsel Allan Friedberg, Deputy chief Counsel Sherry Cohen, a defendant in the current proceeding, and DDC Chief Investigator Vincent Raniere- all of whom who took no required action. 44. Plaintiffs former counsel, John Beranbaum, advised the court, and by copy, the Attorney General, of this incident in a letter to the court dated October 24, 2008. In the Beranbaum submission, it was made clear to the court and the Attorney General that Ms. Corrado was given a warning about the testimony she was to gave at the deposition[,] and further advised that Ms. Corrado is very upset about the entire experience.45. Mr. Beranbaum again raised the issue on the record four days later on October 30, 2008. (See Exhibit, B  Transcript of October 30, 2008 hearing, Page 26 (lines 17-25), and page 27 (lines 1-8). The court, in responding to the letter advising of the threat on plaintiffs witness, commented, You [Mr. Beranbaum] seem to want to tell me something or report it to me. Okay. You report it to me.46. It is plaintiffs belief that the court had an obligation to report the matter to federal agents and, further, to interview Ms. Corrado concerning the incident. In addition, the Attorney General also had an obligation as the states top enforcer of the law.47. Plaintiff believes she has been severely prejudiced by the threat upon her witness, Ms. Corrado, and, as the lower court and Attorney General were aware, Ms. Corrado did not appear as a witness in this proceeding. 48. While plaintiff is aware that counsel within the Office of the New York Attorney Generals office offered to fully compensate Mr. Beranbaum for ALL of his legal fees, expenses, etc., if plaintiff settled her case, she is unaware of the exact timing of when the compensation offer, believed to be between $120,000.00 and $150,000.00, was actually made.VI. Conclusion49. For the reasons set forth, Moving respectfully requests that this Court in the interest of justice issue an order restraining the Office of the New York State Attorney Generals office from representing employees of the State of New York in any legal proceeding involving the herein before any federal or state court, agency or any other tribunal grant a new trial.50. As noted, the participation of the Attorney General in failing to investigate the charges submitted by plaintiff against the defendants, and subsequently representing these same persons in the instant court proceedings, denied plaintiffs constitutionally protected right to a fair and impartial trial. This denial of basic rights was compounded by unclear, confusing and convoluted instructions to the jury, discovery of new evidence and serious allegations of intimidation of witnesses, which all support the de novo pending appeal and granting of the instant motion for disqualification.51. Wherefore, Moving respectfully requests that the court grant the within Motion, as well as such other and further relief that may be just and proper. I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct.Executed on September 14, 2010 New York, New York Christine C. AndersonPlaintiff, Pro Se[1] http://www.law.cornell.edu/ethics/ny/code/NY_CODE.HTM ; Conflict of Interest Disciplinary Rule 5http://www.law.cornell.edu/ethics/ny/code/[2] As head of the Department of Law, the Attorney General is both the Peoples Lawyer and the States chief legal officer. As the Peoples Lawyer, the Attorney General serves as the guardian of the legal rights of the citizens of New York, its organizations and its natural resources. In his role as the States chief legal counsel, the Attorney General not only advises the Executive branch of State government, but also defends actions and proceedings on behalf of the State. http://www.oag.state.ny.us/our_office.html[3] The Supreme Court set out the following balancing test for applying procedural due process protections: [I]dentification of the specific dictates of due process generally requires consideration of three distinct factors: first, the private interest that will be affected by the official action; second, the risk of an erroneous deprivation of such interest through the procedures used, and the probable value, if any, of additional or substitute procedural safeguards; and, finally, the Governments interest, including the function involved and the fiscal and administrative burdens that the additional or substitute procedural requirement would entail.[4] The fact that the Attorney General is elected by the voters of New York State raises a question with respect to the qualification of the jurors. No juror in the present case was asked whether he or she had voted for Attorney General Andrew Cuomo at the last election, or, for that matter, whether they supported the actions undertaken by him since assuming office, or further. whether they, as a general matter, agree with the general or specific policies of or initiatives undertaken and/or advocated by his office. [5] B. The attorney general and his assistants shall devote full time to the duties of the office and shall not directly or indirectly engage in the private practice of law or in an occupation conflicting with such duties, except:1. Such prohibition shall not apply to special assistants, except that in no instance shall special assistants engage in any private litigation in which the state or an officer thereof in his official capacity is a party.2. Assistant attorney general may, but in no circumstances shall be required to, represent private clients in pro bono, private civil matters under the following circumstances:(a) The representation will be conducted exclusively during off hours or while on leave and the attorney will not receive any compensation for such services.(b) The client is not seeking an award of attorney fees for the services.(c) The services are for an individual in need of personal legal services who does not have the financial resources to pay for the professional services or for a nonprofit, tax exempt charitable organization formed for the purpose of providing social services to individuals and families.(d) The representation will not interfere with the performance of any official duties.(e) The subject matter of pro bono representation is outside of the area of practice to which the attorney is assigned in the attorney generals office and the activity will not appear to create a conflict of interest.(f) The activity will not reflect adversely on this state or any of its agencies.(g) The assistant attorney generals position will not influence or appear to influence the outcome of any matter.(h) The activity will not involve assertions that are contrary to the interest or position of this state or any of its agencies.(i) The activity does not involve a criminal matter or proceeding or any matter in which this state is a party or has a direct or substantial interest.(j) The activity will not utilize resources that will result in a cost to this state or any of its agencies.(k) The attorneys supervisor may require the attorney to submit a prior written request to engage in pro bono work which includes a provision holding the agency harmless from any of the work undertaken by the attorney.[6] Florida Statutes,Section 27.51 provides:Each public defender shall serve on a full-time basis and is prohibited from engaging in the private practice of law while holding office. Assistant public defenders shall give priority and preference to their duties as assistant public defenders and shall not otherwise engage in the practice of criminal law. (e.s.)[7] Private practice of Law and Pro Bono Representation.Posted by Corrupt Courts Administrator at 7:43 AM   17 comments:Have had it with cuomo said I like Andersons vote on Election Day! Great motion!Everyone should vote on the next election day to DISQUALIFY everyone who currently holds office of any kind. Yep, Andy, that includes you. The thuggery at the attorney generals office must end. Andy and Elliot can go off and play golf, etc., with Tiger. New Yorkers have had it with spineless, ass-kissing-for-supporters-only corrupt bastards operating under the color of law. Im a lifelong democrat but will NOT be voting for Andrew Cuomo ever again.September 15, 2010 8:44 AM  Anonymous said The Office of Andrew Cuomo is pro pedophiles and that is why he protects his friends such as Bernadette E. Lupinetti, Esq. from Orange County New York. A pimp selling children in child custody cases to be sexually exploited.September 15, 2010 9:08 AM  Anonymous said Christine Anderson you rock!Albany, Andy, HoustonYou got a problem!Paladino won!September 15, 2010 9:09 AM  Anonymous said Christine Anderson you rock!Albany, Andy, HoustonYou got a problem!Paladino won!September 15, 2010 9:09 AM  Anonymous said Andy and Eliot can take Sheldon & Lippman with them!The baseball bats are out guys!September 15, 2010 9:10 AM  Anonymous said THERE IS NO CRUELER TYRANNY THAN THAT WHICH IS OPERATED UNDER THE COVER OF LAW AND WITH THE COLORS OF JUSTICESeptember 15, 2010 9:12 AM  Anonymous said Bratton advised Corrado that in 2007 he had admitted himself into a psychiatric hospital for serious emotional problems, that he had suicidal tendencies, and that he was warning her accordinglywhat was this guy going to make up paperwork for her, pass it around behind her backthat is an old oneyou guys gotta think of new tricks!September 15, 2010 9:25 AM  LE said Christine, youre my hero!! Now, lets ALL go after the AGs Office full force with our motions to disqualify!!!I cant wait to see how the AGs Office responds to my motion and letter to disqualify!!Best Regards,LESeptember 15, 2010 10:45 AM  Anonymous said this is very interesting. will be more interesting to see some real action come from it and best of luck to Christine Anderson.Ive been watching these comments about Will Galison being a plant. Let me get this straight:Hoffer is the son-in-law of Zbigniew Brzezinski and therefore a pawn of the CFR and the New World OrderThe FBI is the organization that hasnt done a damn thing for us all this time and has harmed many of us.Golia is the judge who stole Sunny Sheus house from him and had him kidnapped according to an NYPD Officer and you can read about this at the BlackStarNews.com.Golia may or could be involved in the death / murder of Sunny Sheu and it is absolutely clear thatGolia has some serious problems with the Sunny Sheu case by permitting the Finance Company involved in Illegally buying back Sunnys property from a Fraudulent Buyer that the Finance Company should have never Closed with in the first place and did so for only $1000 when Sunnys mortgage had been at just over $200,000.That type of great under market price transaction is PER SE SUSPECT to any reputable member of the Judiciary or Oversight or Federal authorities not to mention Sunny had 2 NYPD Officers who were trying to come forward before Golia with evidence from the Criminal prosecution of the Fraud - Fake buyer and Seller in the first place??So, these three parties are pissed at Will Galison, and that makes Galison bad?September 15, 2010 11:53 AM  Eliot Bernstein / Bat Out of Hell / Iviewit said Go Christine, I sat on the edge of my seat and wondered when the charge of criminal Title 18 Obstruction and Obstruction of Fed Witness and Obstruction through Conflict would be asserted against the AG Clown Cuomo but I guess it is there subtly in the call for Special Prosecutor and Obligations of those in charge. Still I feel that Court should be put on notice that allowing the conflict is obstruction so if they continue, wham we are reporting it and their felonies to the man, right now the man with no cajones, HoldOff and other appropriate oversight and criminal authorities. Every related case should file this document with criminal authorities with jurisdiction demanding investigation. Wheres the Press???Who is Will?Bat Out of Hell on Bat Phone Calling the Troops.Question for Luisa have you filed to get rid of NY AG Cuomo or filed criminal complaints against the office for their part in the gang raping of your rights and personal liberties to cover up for slimedog millionaire Isaacs?Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DL (yes, two identically named)Iviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUviewit Holdings, Inc. - DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting(561) 245.8588end_of_the_skype_highlighting (o)(561) 886.7628 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting(561) 886.7628end_of_the_skype_highlighting (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvhttp://www.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.htmlhttp://www.enddiscriminationnow.comhttp://www.corruptcourts.orghttp://www.changecourtsnow.comhttp://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comhttp://www.parentadvocates.orghttp://www.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.comhttp://cuomotarp.blogspot.comhttp://www.disbarthefloridabar.comhttp://www.VoteForGreg.us Greg Fischerhttp://www.liberty-candidates.org/greg-fischer/http://www.facebook.com/pages/Vote-For-Greg/111952178833067http://www.killallthelawyers.ws/law (The Shakespearean Solution)Also, check outEliots Testimony at the NY Senate Judiciary Committee Hearings Part 1http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Cw0gogF4Fs&feature=player_embeddedand Part 2 @http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Apc_Zc_YNIk&feature=relatedandChristine Anderson Whistleblower Testimony @http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BlK73p4Ueoand Eliot Part 1 - The Iviewit Inventions @www.wethepeopletv.comSeptember 15, 2010 2:11 PM  Anonymous said Is there anyone else who is going to Federal Court to file for violation of Civil Rights for the failure of the OCA, Disciplinary Commissions, Courts, etc., to protect Constitutionally Protected rights and to do the jobs they are required to do by law and rule?Just asking.September 15, 2010 2:15 PM  Anonymous said All the Anderson info and action is great. But, if the Feds were really going to rock NY as stated over two years ago, you may think they would just show up to this event tomorrow sponsored by the Wall Street Journal featuring Gov Paterson and former Govs Spitzer and Pataki.Markopoulous contacted Spitzer as AG about Madoff and we all know Frank Brady and Kevin McKeown wrote to Governor Paterson about a Special Prosecutor and Patakis links to corruption and likely organized crime are infamous even though the Feds never did anything about it and stuck New Yorkers with this great systemThink the G-Men will show up? Not talking about the Football Giants here either:http://blog.timesunion.com/capitol/archives/31797/spitzer-paterson-pataki-all-on-one-great-stage/September 15, 2010 4:11 PM  Anonymous said Has anyone clued the Paladino campaign into this blog and Cuomos history of ignoring complaints?Cuomos has done nothing in the four years hes been AG, and now he is campaigning as someone who is going to clean up the mess hes been ignoring.I hope Paladino has the stuff to call him on this.September 15, 2010 6:16 PM  Anonymous said Yes, I hope Paladino takes Cuomos mask off and ask him about the sexual abusers he helps.September 15, 2010 7:19 PM  T Finnan said Answer to 2:15; yes within this week. Answer to 6:16; yes; Paladino is aware. AG Cuomo has covered up corruption with his office. CuomoTARP.blogspot.com exposes and will expose more about Cuomo. Check out: Two faces as Cuomo changes pay to play to indirect payment; or, Cuomo as Gollum; or, the Cuomo babuska doll and its faces of Cuomo; or, Cuomos silver spoon removed; or,Cuomo drenched in Albany Swamp Slime; or,Cuomo, 1.2 billion fraud, is it the Peter or Dilbert principle; or, Cuomo as Keystone cop; and Can Cuomo clean his nest.September 15, 2010 7:25 PM  Eliot said Ok, if none of you NuYookers have the cojones (excuse my vulgarity) to arrest Cuomo, Spitzer and some Lawyers & Judges who are actually criminals I guess I will just have to fly there again and citizen arrest their criminal butts. First, I would get the kids and huddle them together for a protest party. We would need signs so that we could march on their lawns first and greet them at dawn with video cameras and loud questions demanding public answers. Then follow them to work with a set of leg iron and cuffs, demand they turn themselves in or else, when they run like the cowards they are, chase them down, tackle them and bring them in for prosecution of their felonies despite name, elitist delusion, position or title. In New York we dont give a damn who or what you are, if you ripped us off we want blood and all our money back. Wait, you NuYookers really want a Cubbie fan to clean your shit hole of corruption, I guess if necessary, I will but I thought more of you. Next, once we have chained them and cuffed them and although my personal desire would be to torture them for those they have tortured and wronged in their crimes but I am not them, so I will leave that to the long arm of justice to decide and a jury of their peers. If Justice fails to do justice claiming others above the law or immune why just grab their butt, cuff them and take them to the next available processing center for felons, you got rights NuYookers, use them.http://www.newyorkinjurylaw-blog.com/2010/05/citizen%E2%80%99s-arrest-new-york-personal-injury-attorneyThe definition is simple enough: a citizens arrest is an arrest by any civilian (not necessarily a citizen in some states) who does not have official government authority to make an arrest. In fact citizen arrests are legal in every state, though state laws with respect to the situations in which such arrests are permissible vary. As a general rule, every state permits a civilian to make an arrest if a felony (a very serious crime) is being perpetrated in the presence of that civilian. Where differences among the states occur is in matters involving misdemeanors (less serious crimes), and where a felony is not witnessed by the civilian. Since 2007, Karl Rove has (at least) three times been the subject of attempted citizens arrests. In Iowa last July, a group of four attempted to place him under citizens arrest when he went to Des Moines to speak at a fundraiser. As it would turn out, the four would be citizen-constables were themselves arrested. They were subsequently cited for trespassing and released. The Cedar Rapids Gazette reported that two of the four had attempted a citizens arrest of Rove one year previously. That time they were also arrested, but were released without charges.In October, a Code Pink protester in San Francisco tried to slap the cuffs on Rove for treason while he participated in a panel discussion for the Mortgage Bankers Associations annual convention. Code Pinks official release on the incident (which contains the Arrest Complaint against Rove) states that five protesters were removed from the building but not charged. So, can people legally perform citizens arrests? The short answer is yes. In virtually all states, private individualscan lawfully arrest someone whom they witness committing a felony.New York State Consolidated Laws hold that:Any person may arrest another person (a) for a felony when the latter has in fact committed such felony, and (b) for any offense when the latter has in fact committed such offense in his presence. New York Penal Code 140.05 Arrest without a warrant; in general. A person who has committed or is believed to have committed an offense and who is at liberty within the state may, under circumstances prescribed in this article, be arrested for such offense although no warrant of arrest therefor has been issued and although no criminal action therefor has yet been commenced in any criminal court. 140.30 Arrest without a warrant; by any person; when and where authorized. 1. Subject to the provisions of subdivision two, any person may arrest another person (a) for a felony when the latter has in fact committed such felony, and (b) for any offense when the latter has in fact committed such offense in his presence. 2. Such an arrest, if for a felony, may be made anywhere in the state. If the arrest is for an offense other than a felony, it may be made only in the county in which such offense was committed. 140.35 Arrest without a warrant; by person acting other than as a police officer or a peace officer; when and how made. 1. A person may arrest another person for an offense pursuant to section 140.30 at any hour of any day or night. 2. Such person must inform the person whom he is arresting of the reason for such arrest unless he encounters physical resistance, flight or other factors rendering such procedure impractical. 3. In order to effect such an arrest, such person may use such physical force as is justifiable pursuant to subdivision four of section 35.30 of the penal law. 140.40 Arrest without a warrant; by person acting other than as a police officer or a peace officer; procedure after arrest. 1. A person making an arrest pursuant to section 140.30 must without unnecessary delay deliver or attempt to deliver the person arrested to the custody of an appropriate police officer, as defined in subdivision five. For such purpose, he may solicit the aid of any police officer and the latter, if he is not himself an appropriate police officer, must assist in delivering the arrested person to an appropriate officer. If the arrest is for a felony, the appropriate police officer must, upon receiving custody of the arrested person, perform all recording, fingerprinting and other preliminary police duties required in the particular case. In any case, the appropriate police officer, upon receiving custody of the arrested person, except as otherwise provided in subdivisions two and three, must bring him, on behalf of the arresting person, before an appropriate local criminal court, as defined in subdivision five, and the arresting person must without unnecessary delay file an appropriate accusatory instrument with such court. 2. If (a) the arrest is for an offense other than a class A, B, C or D felony or a violation of section 130.25, 130.40, 205.10, 205.17, 205.19 or 215.56 of the penal law and (b) owing to unavailability of a local criminal court the appropriate police officer having custody of the arrested person is unable to bring him before such a court with reasonable promptness, the arrested person must be dealt with in the manner prescribed in subdivision three of section 140.20, as if he had been arrested by a police officer. 3. If the arrest is for an offense other than a class A, B, C or D felony or a violation of section 130.25, 130.40, 205.10, 205.17, 205.19 or 215.56 of the penal law, the arrested person need not be brought before a local criminal court, as provided in subdivision one, and the procedure may instead be as follows: (a) An appropriate police officer may issue and serve an appearance ticket upon the arrested person and release him from custody, as prescribed in subdivision two of section 150.20; or (b) The desk officer in charge at the appropriate police officers station, county jail or police headquarters, or any of his superior officers, may, in such place, fix pre-arraignment bail and, upon deposit thereof, issue and serve an appearance ticket upon the arrested person and release him from custody, as prescribed in section 150.30. 4. Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, a police officer is not required to take an arrested person into custody or to take any other action prescribed in this section on behalf of the arresting person if he has reasonable cause to believe that the arrested person did not commit the alleged offense or that the arrest was otherwise unauthorized. 5. If a police officer takes an arrested juvenile offender into custody, the police officer shall immediately notify the parent or other person legally responsible for his care or the person with whom he is domiciled, that the juvenile offender has been arrested, and the location of the facility where he is being detained. 6. As used in this section: (a) An appropriate police officer means one who would himself be authorized to make the arrest in question as a police officer pursuant to section 140.10; (b) An appropriate local criminal court means one with which an accusatory instrument charging the offense in question may properly be filed pursuant to the provisions of section 100.55. Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit Inventor Supports Terence Finnans CuomoTarp Blog Assertions Regarding the Corrupt Andrew Cuomo Attorney General of New York.September 16th, 2010 CuomoTARP @ http://cuomotarp.blogspot.comreprint courtesy of T. Finnan.Cuomos TARPExposing rampant corruption in the NY State and NY Federal Courts and Government covered up by Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, who defends the corrupt in both State and Federal actions, when he should protect the People. This lifts the cover off rather than place a TARP over (cover-up).TARP stands for TOXIC ATTORNEYS and REPROBATES PROTECTORCuomo Appears as Roman God, The Two Faced Janus, On Another Babuska DollAndrew Cuomo provides us with another babuska doll where he appears as the Roman God Janus. Cuomos campaign to the center has also infuriated the left, and at the victory party for the likely Attorney General nominee, Eric Schneiderman, jubilation was mixed with an eagerness to rub Cuomos nose in it. Meanwhile, Carl Paladino  as a more plausible, if extremely longshot, vessel for a mad as hell anti-Establishment campaign against thestatus Cuomo,  will provide no quarter for Cuomos clean up promises.   Poor Andrew Gollum Cuomo wanted to be Godlike, and chose Janus, whose two faces point in opposite directions. The god-like Andrews one smiling face ignored all the corruption while he was Attorney General and his other smiling face promises to clean up the same corruption.Cuomo Can Clean Sexual Abuse From His Own Nest On 9/17/2010 Before He Cleans Up AlbanyWe open with Cuomos promises from his website Cuomo2010 in blue:1. Clean Up AlbanyWe must restore honor and integrity to government.We must restore honor and integrity to government, with tough new ethics standards, expanded disclosure requirements, independent investigators to root out and punish corruption Now, Cuomo has a second chance on September 17 clean his own nest and to restore honor and integrity to his AG office. While his staff protected and put the Cuomo TARP over NY state employees covering up for connected attorney, Allen Issacs, with their prior Federal Court filing, Cuomo on September 17 can now root out and punish corruption with the same action now again before the Federal Court.  Heres the story: Ms. Luisa Esposito fought back against the connected insider and sexual predator, Alan Issacs, in part with this recording.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VPIxOiuT9Q&feature=related   Ms.Esposito was stymied by the corruption and official misconduct of various NY State and City employees named in her Federal suit.  Cuomos office chose in the prior Federal suit to defend the acts of the corrupt, rather than root out and punish the corruption. Now, Ms. Espositos is asking to reopen her Federal suit with new information and Judge Shira Scheindlin is giving Cuomos office a chance to answer by September 17. Andrew, did you and your office err by condoning and/or obstructing criminal punishment for the following acts described in the Federal action? Heres the quote from June 1, 2010 Order of The First Dept. Disciplinary Committee[which} charged respondent (Issacs) with professional misconduct including making unwanted sexual advances to LE. Defendant, Issacs, committed Felony Level Sexual Abuse, Coercion And Soliciting Sex From His Client, Obstruction of Justice, etc., these crimes were reported to Manhattan Special Victims Squad, and listed As "Felony Level Sexual Abuse"; there was an arrest warrant out for Defendant Allen Issacs, which the Police Department never acted upon because, "favors were called".  Here's what to do, Andrew: In your answer on September 17, before Federal Judge Scheindlin:1. Support Ms. Esposito's application to Reopen.2. Say you still claim immunity for all State employees for their official actions, but only for actions which carried out "your" and State policy to root out and punish corruption3. Say any acts by State or City employees that did not carry out official policy and were a cover-up are not subject to immunity from Esposito's suit.The above E-mailed to Cuomo 9/12/2010 Posted by T Finnan at 6:35 PM 1 comments   Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google BuzzLabels: Allen Issacs, Andrew Cuomo, Cuomo, Cuomo TARP, Cuomo2010, Felony Sexual Abuse, Luisa Esposito, Scheindlin, VAWA Andrew Cuomo Appears On Another Babuska Doll As Captain Of Keystone CopsWe open another Cuomo Babushka doll and inside is Andrew in a Police uniform with a badge saying Keystone Cop Captain. Sadly, the Keystone State is Pennsylvania, but that doesn't prevent Andrew from happily smiling."A New York state judge has tossed out the felony convictions of two former Marsh & McLennan Cos. executives after finding that the state attorney general's office had failed to turn over to the defense potentially exculpatory evidence, including some 700,000 documents obtained during a related civil proceeding."Judge "Yates did not buy what he called the "theoretical argument" that 'in the abstract,' the two [Cuomo] bureaus are separate and distinct entities operating in disconnected spheres. Keystone Captain Cuomo was claiming his right hand didnt know what his left was doing. But the judge wrote, [O]ne office, under the control of one prosecutor is authorized to prosecute Martin Act violations by civil and/or criminal prosecution. Nowhere in this statutory authority conferred upon the Attorney General in either the Executive Law or the General Business Law is there a division of authority.Richard L. Spinogatti and Robert J. Cleary of Proskauer Rose represented Gilman whose conviction was overturned. But Keystone Captain Cuomo assuredly was not influenced by Proskauer contributions to his campaign.The losers were the NY taxpayers who funded this Keystone Cop Farce. Among the winners were Andrew Cuomo and Proskauer Rose. Whether justice was served is lost in this farce.Posted by T Finnan at 4:48 PM 0 comments   Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google BuzzLabels: Andrew Cuomo, Cuomo Babuska Doll, Keystone Cop, Proskauer Was Cuomo MIA With A $1.2 Billion Per Year Fraud: Was It The Peter Principle, The Dilbert Principle, Or Cuomos TARP?Federal probe:The U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services announced the probe ThursdayMedicaid payments to nine state institutions for the developmentally disabled, after the Poughkeepsie Journal revealed the facilities had reimbursement rates of $4,556 per day for each of 1,400 residents.State officials have said the actual cost of care is only about one-third the rate, and that much of the $1.2 billion in federal matching funds every year supports other state programs for the disabled.Where was Cuomo and his office?  This is fraud, because State Officials say it costs only a third of the claimed $ 1.2 billion amount or $400 million a year. Are Cuomo and his office asleep, incompetent or covering up (the CuomoTARP)?Has Cuomo risen to his Peter Principle level of incompetence? Or, has Cuomo risen from his failures at HUD under the Dilbert Principle to Attorney General?  Or has Cuomo kept his TARP covering up this immense fraud by State employees and political hacks?Andrew, since specifically, the federal agency  pays half the rate as part of a 50-50 state-federal match, where is NY States $1.2 billion dollar per year share going?  And how much of the states share is being shifted onto Local County Tax bills? How can State employees committing such fraud be retained and not prosecuted?Posted by T Finnan at 6:23 PM 0 comments   Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google BuzzLabels: $1.2 Billion Medicaid Fraud, Andrew Cuomo, CuomoTARP, Dilbert Principle, Peter Principle Cuomo Drenched With Albany Swamp Slime Sees It Only On OthersWe open the Cuomo Babuska doll again to find a Cuomo Faced Fat Frog covered in swamp slime.  This is what may have caused Cuomos latest ad, $wamp Monsters, which depicts Albany as, a swamp of corruption overrun with lobbyists and special interests.The Cuomo Faced Frog proclaimed its good intentions in 2008, Andrews pretty serious about a real shake up, and he will not give state workers, including judges, more than 60 days to come clean. The plan, dubbed CAP (Cuomos Amnesty Program) by AG lawyers, is said to specifically include all attorneys admitted to practice in New York, whether or not they are state employed.Heads will role once the Amnesty Programends,But the Cuomo Faced Frog bloated and fattened while swimming in the Albany swamp and changed its croaking, so that the NYT reported in 2010 that, Mr. Cuomo was sitting on millions in campaign cash from the very special interests whose influence he said he wanted to limit..Hey, Andrew, which State workers, which judges, which attorneys and which heads rolled? Court Corruption And Goons Flourish while Cuomo Defends The CorruptThis blog continues again after my partial recovery following my knee replacement surgery due to an auto accident and complications resulting from that surgery, which made it difficult to sit before a computer. This post is in several parts with the letter to Cuomo and his opponents below (mailed on 8/24/10) in this post and the attachments detailing action in US Supreme Court in following posts.Letter:  August 24, 2010Andrew M. Cuomo, Attorney General and Barbara D. Underwood, Solicitor General at The Capital, Albany NY 12224Carl Paladinoat Paladino for the People, PO Box 447, Buffalo, NY 14205Rick Lazioat Lazio 2010, Box 4818, NY, NY 10158Re: Intolerable corruption, abuse, criminal conduct, Cuomos duty under New York Law Demand for protection and prosecutionDear Andrew Cuomo, Barbara Underwood, Carl Paladino and Rick Lazio: Its intolerable, Andrew Cuomo. My hospitalization on 6/15/10 for total knee replacement and the subsequent medical complications was aggravated by the depraved criminal acts intended to silence me and prevent filing of an action involving the AGs Office before US Supreme Court. Dateline follows:6/15/10 T. Finnan has total knee replacement surgery at Albany Medical,6/17/10 T. Finnan in great pain and unable to walk is to be transferred to Schenectady Sunnyview Hospital. An ambulance transport is requested by T Finnan.6/17/21 The nurse comes into his room to get T. Finnan ready to be discharged to two men with his wife who are waiting to transport him after discharge.6/17/10 T. Finnan refuses discharge, telling nurse that he is not married and will leave only by arranged ambulance to Sunnyview Hospital.6/17/10 Ambulance takes T. Finnan to Sunnyview where deep vein thrombosis and atrial fibrillation and low blood pressure are confirmed.6/24/10 T. Finnan arranges his departure from Sunnyview and the simultaneous transport of his auto from Albany Medical to his home, 120 miles north of Albany. As T. Finnan is leaving Sunnyview, he learns that two men arrived just then arranging for his discharge to them, but T. Finnan leaves with his prearranged transport.6/25/10 Visiting Nurse comes to his home and arranges home care and physical therapy at home.6/26/10 Anonymous call comes to my home to tell me to go on line and check what happened to Sunny Sheu. Not recognizing the name, Sunny Sheu, I go on line and determine Sunny Sheu just died from head injury. T. Finnan becomes distraut and fearful because in his present condition he can hardly walk with his walker and he arranges for a Taxi to Plattsburgh NY Hospital.   T. Finnan decides its unsafe for him alone at his home and after a follow up appointment with his surgeon, leaves for the State of Georgia and begins Physical Therapy in a safe environment . Both T. Finnan and his family felt that there was danger to his family, if T. Finnan was present at their homes from such characters. Unluckily for opposing parties, although T. Finnan was unable to personally finalize, serve and send court papers to US Supreme Court, T. Finnan had left that to another before 6/15/10, who filed and served the papers with Supreme Court and docket number 10-70. Questions for Cuomo:Were Cuomo or his supporters unhappy with my CuomoTarp.blogspot.com blog?Was that my ex-wife at the hospital on 6/17/10?Were Cuomo or his supporters unhappy with my demands to prosecute criminals whether or not theyre judges or lawyers?Does Cuomo ignore the corruption reported on ExposeCorruptCourts.blogspot.com and believe his duty is to defend crooked lawyers and judges? Required action: Right now, Andrew Cuomo, call your client, Judge Kevin K. Ryan, and tell him you can not represent a crooked judge and youll indict him based upon my criminal complaint filed in your office, if he doesnt immediately rectify his errors. Andrew Cuomo, youre aware for almost four years of the horrors of corrupt NY courts and the malfeasances of the Commission on Judicial Conduct and the Attorney Disciplinary Committees. Andrew Cuomo, begin with Penal law 195.00 Official misconduct: A public servant is guilty of official misconduct when, with intent to obtain a benefit or deprive another person of a benefit: 2. He knowingly refrains from performing a duty which is imposed upon him by law or is clearly inherent in the nature of his office. Andrew Cuomo, prosecuting crooked state employees according to above Penal Law is clearly inherent in the nature of your office. There is no judicial immunity by the NY Constitution: The power of grand juries to inquire into the wilful misconduct in office of public officers  shall never be suspended or impaired by law. Were those your goons at the Hospital, Andrew Cuomo, or goons from Marsha Kameron and her attorney, Ara Asadourian? Mr. Paladino and Mr. Lazio, court corruption steals from the people and deprives them of honest government. Hold Cuomo accountable. See Exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com and this blog, CuomoTarp.blogspot.com/ for continuing documentation.Terence FinnanPO Box 354Keene NY 12942Attached:7/30/9 Letter to Tembeckjian and Commission on Judicial Conduct.5/4/8 Letter to Judges Plumadore and Ryan with medical records, discharge date and court calendar showing 4/25/8 scheduled court date.Appellate Affidavit detailing Judge Ryans FAX Notice to me when I had no fax receiver and perjury by Marsha Kameron.Criminal Complaint against Robert Tembeckjian.Criminal Complaint against Judge Kevin K. Ryan.Condensed US Supreme Court Filing in July 2010, with criminal complaints against Marsha Kameron filed with US Justice Dept.P.S. In re Sunny Sheu, contact NYC Police, 109 Precinct.CC: Governor Paterson, FBI-Albany, Essex County DA, Press Republican, othersPosted by T Finnan at 11:52 AM 0 comments   Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google BuzzLabels: Andrew Cuomo, Cuomo Goons, CuomoTARP, Lazio, Paladino Cuomos Silver Spoon Removed With Hard Knocks Behind The Finance WoodshedThe Cuomo apologists have dismissed the smoking gun of Cuomos HUD press release with he was well intentioned. Some advice for Cuomo: 1. payday loans are not wise things; 2. you and who else expects income tax revenue to go up this year in NY; and what happens if anticipated income tax revenue decreases? So,now, what are Cuomos well intentions for the following anticipated borrowings based only on anticipated income or to fund current outlays by NY State for the remainder of this year listed below:?5/20/10   Local Government Assistance Bonds $ 1/4 billion borrow money for present outlays5/26/10   Service contract Revenue $ 1/2+ billion  borrow money from future income5/26/10 Personal Income Tax Revenue $ 1/2- billion  borrow money expecting tax receiptsJune 2010  Personal Income Tax Bonds   $ 1.2 billion borrow money expecting tax receiptsAug 2010   Personal Income Tax Bonds    $ 1/2- billion borrow money expecting tax receiptsAug 2010   Dormitory Revenue Bonds   $ 77.1 million those students will cough it upSept 2010   Personal Income Tax Bonds $ 1/2- billion borrow money expecting tax receiptsNov 2010 Personal Income Tax Bonds $ 1.7 billion after the election, so the suckers wont knowDoes Cuomo expect income tax revenues to rise or remain constant to cover this projected borrowing or will the difference be made up by more General Obligation borrowing, which wasnt described in the above NY State Borrowings this year, but which is huge.How is Cuomo responding to Sheldon Silvers millionaires tax to cover shortfalls when that idea resulted in reduced tax revenues in Maryland and New Jersey .Did Cuomo fail in Federal Court to defend Gov. Patersons one day furlough for State workers out of his incompetence or should we give him credit for a clever subterfuge to fool the voters that he and Paterson wanted to reduce expenses and stand up to the unions, but the Federal Court wouldnt let them. (The subject of future blog and a definite problem for Cuomo if elected; is Cuomo going to ask the new AG to correct his earlier error and its resulting federal court precedent?)Heres the finance lesson that was not included in Andrews silver spoon childhood and his entitlement training; and, that is painfully learned by many young people. Look at your credit card statement. While your balance rises, you ignore the rising interest charged each month. But, your income is decreasing and your expenditures are increasing. This was no problem, because you just paid the minimum amount due each month, but, now, your interest charged approaches your minimum payment. Youve reached your credit limit and the bank wants a higher minimum payment and wont advance you more money for present expenditures.  You cry out to your parents, why is this happening to me; the banks mean; help me; how can I live without my needed purchases; and you whine on.The painful welcome behind the Finance Woodshed is received by Andrew and other such children to the Brave New World of Responsible Finances. Neither your parents nor the Chinese want to loan us money; they want a lot more for a bad risk. And forget about the Greeks and Spaniards; they are looking for money also. Andrew, putting on the garb of a fiscal conservative to fool the suckers wont help. Are going to ridicule Sheldon Silvers fiscal stupidity? And, Andrew, what about the Working Familys nomination; are going to embrace the unions and Acorn and then tell us youre for reform and ending corruption?And Andrew, brace yourself, maybe, go home to your parents, the bond rating agencies* will wise up to your (and Silvers) words and deeds; maybe before the election. Andrew, do you think, as governor, you can pull your TARP to cover up even more corruption and mishandled money?*Standard & Poors,Fitch,MoodysPosted by T Finnan at 12:03 PM 0 comments   Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google BuzzLabels: Andrew Cuomo, Fitch, Moody, NY Bonds, Standard Poor Cuomo And Fiscal Disaster: The Still Smoking GunAndrew Cuomos gun which is still smoking and its firing which caused our economic recession/depression is found copied below. Its the official HUD release and the important parts are in red. Ive done the arithmetic for the financially challenged Cuomo: 50% of $2.4 trillion dollars is $1.2 trillion dollars in mortgages, which Federal TARP was supposed to bail out. Verdict: Andrew Cuomo: Guilty of gross fiscal ineptitude leading to economic disaster; a clear and present danger to NY finances; sentenced to pay back from his campaign treasury all those disproportionately benefited minorities and city residents, who Andrew Cuomo had claimed to help with his mortgages.  Theyll need a strong Kool-aid for those who would nominate him for Governor.HUD Archives: News ReleasesHUD No. 99-131Further Information:For ReleaseIn the Washington, DC area: 202/708-0685 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting202/708-0685end_of_the_skype_highlightingThursdayOr contact your local HUD officeJuly 29, 1999CUOMO ANNOUNCES ACTION TO PROVIDE $2.4 TRILLION IN MORTGAGES FOR AFFORDABLE HOUSING FOR 28.1 MILLION FAMILIES See full chart of higher goals by metropolitan areaWASHINGTON - Housing and Urban Development Secretary Andrew Cuomo today announced a policy to require the nations two largest housing finance companies to buy $2.4 trillion in mortgages over the next 10 years to provide affordable housing for about 28.1 million low- and moderate-income families. Cuomo said the historic action by HUD raises the required percentage of mortgage loans for low- and moderate-income families that finance companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac must buy from the current 42 percent of their total purchases to a new high of 50 percent , a19 percent increase - in the year 2001. The percentage will first increase to 48 percent in 2000. Commenting on the action, President Clinton said: During the last six and a half years, my Administration has put tremendous emphasis on promoting homeowners and making housing more affordable for all Americans. Our housing programs and institutions have been a success. Today, the homeownership rate is at an all-time high, with more than 66 percent of all American families owning their homes. Today, we take another significant step. Raising the GSEs goals will help us generate increased momentum in addressing the nations housing needs. I congratulate HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo and the entire HUD team on their efforts in this important area. This action will transform the lives of millions of families across our country by giving them new opportunities to buy homes or move into apartments with rents they can afford, Cuomo said. It will strengthen our economy and create jobs by stimulating more home construction, it will help ease the terrible shortage of affordable housing plaguing far too many communities, and it will help reduce the huge homeownership gap dividing whites from minorities and suburbs from cities. The mortgage purchase requirement for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac - known as the Affordable Housing Goals - was last set by HUD in 1995, under a requirement mandated by Congress. The goals came up for renewal this year, and HUD had the choice of leaving them unchanged, lowering them, or raising them. In addition to helping low- and moderate-income families, the new initiative will also increase the affordable housing goals for loans made to underserved areas and will raise the goal for mortgages to benefit families with very low incomes. Under the higher goals, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will buy an additional $488.3 billion in mortgages that will be used to provide affordable housing for 7 million more low- and moderate-income families over the next 10 years. Those new mortgages and families are over and above the $1.9 trillion in mortgages for 21.1 million families that would have been generated if the current goals had been retained. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac buy mortgages for both individual homes and for apartment buildings. Fannie Mae Chairman Franklin D. Raines joined Cuomo at the news conference in which Cuomo announced the HUD action. Raines committed Fannie Mae to reaching HUDs increased Affordable Housing Goals. Others attending the news conference to express support for the new Affordable Housing Goals were National Association of Home Builders President Charles Ruma and Enterprise Foundation CEO Bart Harvey. In addition, higher Affordable Housing Goals for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have been sought by the U.S. Conference of Mayors, the National Low-Income Housing Coalition, FM Watch and other groups. Congress gave HUD the responsibility of regulating Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac because the two companies are Government Sponsored Enterprises (GSEs) that were chartered by Congress. The policy announced today will be implemented by HUD regulations. Such regulations go into effect after review by Congress and the Office of Management and Budget, along with a period of full public comment. The GSEs buy mortgages issued by banks, thrift institutions and other mortgage lenders, and then package the loans and sell them to investors as mortgage-backed securities. When Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac buy the mortgages from lenders, they provide the lenders with the cash needed to issue new mortgages. Congress has given GSEs special advantages - such an exemption from all state and local taxes except property taxes, and an exemption from Securities and Exchange Commission registration requirements. In addition, the ties of the GSEs to government has helped them get the highest credit rating to reduce their borrowing costs, and has boosted investor confidence in the two companies, thereby helping to increase their earnings. The Treasury Department reports that the benefits of federal sponsorship are worth almost $6 billion annually to the GSEs. The GSEs are publicly chartered to provide broad public benefits. Congress, through Fannie Maes and Freddie Macs Charter Acts and the 1992 GSE Act, required that the two GSEs, in return for their publicly provided benefits, extend the benefits of the secondary mortgage market to a broad range of Americans. These include low- and moderate-income families, first-time homebuyers, and residents of communities underserved by mortgage credit. If Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac fail to make a good faith effort to achieve the Affordable Housing Goals set by HUD, the Secretary of HUD has the authority to impose civil money penalties of up to $10,000 for each day the failure occurs. Families are considered as having low and moderate incomes if they make no more than the area median income, which varies by community. The national average for the median income is $47,800. In addition to raising the low- and moderate-income goal from 42 percent to 50 percent, HUD acted to raise two other Congressionally mandated goals. A special affordable housing goal for families with very low incomes and low incomes (those with less than 60 percent and 80 percent of area median) jumps from the current 14 percent to 20 percent (a 43 percent increase). In addition, a geographically targeted goal for underserved areas (central cities, rural areas, and underserved communities based on income and minority concentration) goes from 24 percent to 31 percent (a 29 percent increase). The increase in the Affordable Housing Goals is part of the Clinton Administrations overall strategy to increase homeownership and the supply of affordable rental housing in the United States. Americas homeownership rate hit a record annual high in 1998, with 66.3 percent of all households owning their own homes. A total of 69.1 million families owned homes at the end of 1998 - 7.3 million more than when President Clinton took office in 1993. However, the homeownership rate varies a great deal between cities and suburbs, and between whites and minorities, as the chart below shows: HOMEOWNERSHIP RATE1998NATION OVERALL66.3WHITE (non-Hispanic)72.6BLACK (non-Hispanic)46.1HISPANIC44.7CENTRAL CITIES50.0SUBURBS73.2The higher Affordable Housing Goals will disproportionately benefit minorities and city residents, helping to close the homeownership gap, Cuomo said. In addition, the higher Affordable Housing Goals will help ease the crisis-level shortage of affordable housing documented by a HUD report issued in March. That report found that the number of families earning less than 50 percent of the area median income and either paying over half their incomes for rent or living in severely substandard housing remains at the record level of about 5.3 million Posted by T Finnan at 6:17 PM 0 comments   Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google BuzzLabels: Andrew Cuomo, cuomo governor, Cuomo TARP The Andrew Cuomo Male Babushka Doll; See His Smiling FaceCuomo announces for Governor with video saying, Andrew Cuomo works for us  for my business and for my family; Im Andrew Cuomo, and I work for you; and Together, we can make New York great again. Lets get to work. And on his campaign website, which includes titles like New York doesnt work, Cuomo calls for honest, effective government. If Cuomo wanted honest and effective government, why did and does he defend crooked NY Lawyers, crooked Judges and crooked State employees and not criminally prosecute them? Here follows a small sample of actions defended by Cuomo involving only the First Department of the NY Courts Four Departments which were grouped together at ExposeCorruptCourts.blogspot.com1. (07cv09599) Anderson v The State of New York, et al 2. (07cv11196) Bernstein, et al v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al 3.(07cv11612) Esposito v The State of New York, et al 4. (06cv05169) McNamara v The State of New York, et al5. (08cv02391) McKeown v The State of New York, et al 6. (08cv02852) Galison v The State of New York, et al7. (08cv03305) Carvel v The State of New York, et al 8. (08cv04053) Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al9. (08cv04438) McCormick v The State of New York, et al 10.(08cv05455) Capogrosso v The New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al When Cuomo says he works for you and your family and business, what family/business is he referring to? The Colombian Lawyers Association, or the lawyers with actions against NY State who contributed to his campaign treasury, or Wall Streets Goldman, who he hasnt criminally prosecuted? After blowing away $1.2 trillion dollars, is Cuomo now going to tell us he learned something about government finances?Is Cuomo telling us, hell carry on his fathers legacy, by not prosecuting Chief Judge Lippman and his Appellate buddy Judge Ramos for stealing $40 million dollars? Andrew Cuomo is the male image on the NY babushka (matryoshkas) doll. Whereas in Russia, many began with Mikhail Gorbachev, then Leonid Brezhnev, then Nikita Khrushchev, Josef Stalin and finally the smallest, Vladimir Lenin, the NY doll begins with Andrew Cuomos smiling face announcing for Governor and descends through Andrews various incarnations to an ultimate depravity. Stay tuned here, as we look within the NY Cuomo Matryoshkas Doll.(sneak preview, A young Andrew nursing on the milk of corruption in the arms of the Eliot Spitzer doll)Posted by T Finnan at 9:52 AM 0 comments   Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google BuzzLabels: Andrew Cuomo, Cuomo babushka, cuomo governor Oh where, oh where is Andrew gone?Oh where or where is our Andrew Cuomo gone?Oh where, oh where can he be?With his governor announcement time so shortlyand his camapign treasury so full;Oh where, oh where can he be.Paterson acts;while Andrew dithers;his legacy wanes;as budget pains wax.Poor Andrew, like Hamlet, suffers the arrows of outrageous spending excesses;while waiting for his inherited acumen to arrive.And what shall he do in the Federal court action;be something for the People,or something for the unions and nothing for a solution?Oh where, oh where are you, Andrew? Cuomo: Elect me and Discover My Budget SolutionMLK paraphrased: Judge a man not on the color of his skin or his fathers identity, but on the content of his character.Is it time to sympathize with Gollum Cuomo? Hes entitled as his legacy to be governor. He wants to be our messiah governor, restoring the legacy left by his father. What should he do with the hearing on the restraining order about the NY budget? Will he grant a personal hearing to the union bosses, if they or their attorneys contribute to his treasury and then purposely bungle the action on their behalf and blame it on the court. Or follow the directives of Gov. Paterson. How much money have union connected lawyers or unions contributed to his campaign treasury? Will he use his 11th Amendment Argument against a federal district court as having no jurisdiction as he did in federal action 08-cv-0259 and in so many other cases against NY State that he defended in federal court? Or is that argument reserved only for those who dont contribute to his treasury?What is Gollum Cuomos solution to the NY budget crisis? Must we wait until after hes governor to find out? Does Gollum Cuomo believe the voters of NY were happy with the Bush legacy presidency, and receptive to a Cuomo legacy governorship? Please, Andrew Cuomo; forget the RING and your childhood silver spoon; tell us your budget solution and how it is different from your proclamation to give $1.2 trillion dollars in mortgages to those without resources to pay them back ?Posted by T Finnan at 5:36 PM 0 comments   Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google BuzzLabels: Cuomo. Cuomo Governor Cuomo Bathes In His Own Hypocrisy In BuffaloIn Buffalo, the bully, Cuomo, has grabbed all the pay to play marbles for himself, because his rules are for others and not for himself, as he is predestined by his fathers legacy. Comptroller, Thomas P. DiNapoli, learned about Cuomos do as I say, not as I do. When will Cuomo appoint an independent prosecutor to probe his offices and his personal dealings with Global Strategies Group?Doesnt the quote, Todays action is yet more evidence that kickbacks and corruption contaminated the Retirement Fund, said Robert Khuzami, director of the SEC Division of Enforcement, apply equally to Cuomos campaign funds which are kickbacks and corruption to Cuomo and his office and are received from attorneys with actions opposed to NY States interests. (described in the prior blog post, seen just below, dated 4/27/20100)Andrew bathes in the Buffalo News headline, Cuomo widens probe of pay to play schemes, when he should have apologized mea culpa for his own pay to play indirect payment scheme.Tags: Andrew Cuomo, eliot bernstein, First Department, first department disciplinary, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, patentgate, sex, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, thomas cahill, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Cuomo Can Clean Sexual Abuse From His Own Nest on 9/17/2010 Before He Cleans Up Albany. Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit Inventor supports T. Finnan in efforts to expose Cuomos part in cover up and aiding & abetting lawyer molester Allen H. Issacs, Esq. in assault on Luisa Esposito.  Why is Cuomo using the AGs office to defend Public Office Defendants in the crimes and not to protect Luisa Esposito, Cover-Up & Obstruction by AG Cuomo!!!September 13th, 2010 Reprinted from @ http://cuomotarp.blogspot.com/2010/09/cuomo-can-clean-sexual-abuse-from-his.htmlby T. FinnanCuomoTARPCuomos TARPExposing rampant corruption in the NY State and NY Federal Courts and Government covered up by Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, who defends the corrupt in both State and Federal actions, when he should protect the People. This lifts the cover off rather than place a TARP over (cover-up).TARP stands for TOXIC ATTORNEYS and REPROBATES PROTECTORCuomo Can Clean Sexual Abuse From His Own Nest On 9/17/2010 Before He Cleans Up AlbanyWe open with Cuomos promises from his website Cuomo2010 in blue:1. Clean Up AlbanyWe must restore honor and integrity to government.We must restore honor and integrity to government, with tough new ethics standards, expanded disclosure requirements, independent investigators to root out and punish corruption Now, Cuomo has a second chance on September 17 clean his own nest and to restore honor and integrity to his AG office. While his staff protected and put the Cuomo TARP over NY state employees covering up for connected attorney, Allen Issacs, with their prior Federal Court filing, Cuomo on September 17 can now root out and punish corruption with the same action now again before the Federal Court.  Heres the story: Ms. Luisa Esposito fought back against the connected insider and sexual predator, Alan Issacs, in part with this recording.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VPIxOiuT9Q&feature=related   Ms.Esposito was stymied by the corruption and official misconduct of various NY State and City employees named in her Federal suit.  Cuomos office chose in the prior Federal suit to defend the acts of the corrupt, rather than root out and punish the corruption. Now, Ms. Espositos is asking to reopen her Federal suit with new information and Judge Shira Scheindlin is giving Cuomos office a chance to answer by September 17. Andrew, did you and your office err by condoning and/or obstructing criminal punishment for the following acts described in the Federal action? Heres the quote from June 1, 2010 Order of The First Dept. Disciplinary Committee[which} charged respondent (Issacs) with professional misconduct including making unwanted sexual advances to LE. Defendant, Issacs, committed Felony Level Sexual Abuse, Coercion And Soliciting Sex From His Client, Obstruction of Justice, etc., these crimes were reported to Manhattan Special Victims Squad, and listed As Felony Level Sexual Abuse; there was an arrest warrant out for Defendant Allen Issacs, which the Police Department never acted upon because, favors were called.  Heres what to do, Andrew: In your answer on September 17, before Federal Judge Scheindlin:1. Support Ms. Espositos application to Reopen.2. Say you still claim immunity for all State employees for their official actions, but only for actions which carried out your and State policy to root out and punish corruption3. Say any acts by State or City employees that did not carry out official policy and were a cover-up are not subject to immunity from Espositos suit.The above E-mailed to Cuomo 9/12/2010 Posted by T Finnan at 6:35 PM Labels: Allen Issacs, Andrew Cuomo, Cuomo, Cuomo TARP, Cuomo2010, Felony Sexual Abuse, Luisa Esposito, Scheindlin, VAWATags: Allen Issacs, Andrew Cuomo, christine c. anderson, cuomotarp, eliot bernstein, expose corrupt courts, finnan, Frank Brady, iviewit, Kevin McKeown, luisa esposito, New York Attorney General, patentgate, sex, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, whistleblower Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Andrew Cuomo Appears On Another Babuska Doll As Captain Of Keystone Cops.  Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit Inventor Supports T. Finnans Claims re Proskauer Rose partners Richard Spinogatti and Robert J. Cleary.  Proskauer sued in Trillion $$$$ Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit involving a car bombing of a US Citizen.  More @ www.iviewit.tvSeptember 9th, 2010 Post from http://cuomotarp.blogspot.com written by T. FinnanCuomoTARPRemove Cuomos TARPExposing rampant corruption in the NY State and NY Federal Courts and Government covered up by Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, who defends the corrupt in both State and Federal actions, when he should protect the People. This lifts the cover off rather than place a TARP over (cover-up).TARP stands for TOXIC ATTORNEYS and REPROBATES PROTECTORWednesday, September 8, 2010Andrew Cuomo Appears On Another Babuska Doll As Captain Of Keystone CopsWe open another Cuomo Babushka doll and inside is Andrew in a Police uniform with a badge saying Keystone Cop Captain. Sadly, the Keystone State is Pennsylvania, but that doesnt prevent Andrew from happily smiling.A New York state judge has tossed out the felony convictions of two former Marsh & McLennan Cos. executives after finding that the state attorney generals office had failed to turn over to the defense potentially exculpatory evidence, including some 700,000 documents obtained during a related civil proceeding.Judge Yates did not buy what he called the theoretical argument that in the abstract, the two [Cuomo] bureaus are separate and distinct entities operating in disconnected spheres. Keystone Captain Cuomo was claiming his right hand didnt know what his left was doing. But the judge wrote, [O]ne office, under the control of one prosecutor is authorized to prosecute Martin Act violations by civil and/or criminal prosecution. Nowhere in this statutory authority conferred upon the Attorney General in either the Executive Law or the General Business Law is there a division of authority.Richard L. Spinogatti and Robert J. Cleary of Proskauer Rose represented Gilman whose conviction was overturned. But Keystone Captain Cuomo assuredly was not influenced by Proskauer contributions to his campaign.The losers were the NY taxpayers who funded this Keystone Cop Farce. Among the winners were Andrew Cuomo and Proskauer Rose. Whether justice was served is lost in this farce.Posted by T Finnan at 4:48 PM 0 comments Labels: Andrew Cuomo, Cuomo Babuska Doll, Keystone Cop, Proskauer Tags: Add new tag, Andrew Cuomo, Babuska Doll, eliot bernstein, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, Keystone Cops, lockheed, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, New York Attorney General, patentgate, proskauer, sex, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments The Rise & Fall of Intel Corporation ( NASDAQ: INTC ).  Competition Case Update 2nd Notice of Intel Network SEC Violations Ref# HO-1248999. Similar allegations as Ivieiwt inventor Eliot I. Bernstein Federal RICO & ANTITRUST Trillion Dollar Lawsuit, Intel named as key Defendant. Complaints filed with DOJ Eric Holder, VP Joe Biden, SEC Mary Shapiro implicating Intel in RICO with Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner, AOL, Inc. ( NYSE: AOL )  & more. Read all about it @ www.iviewit.tv .September 8th, 2010 Blog Post by Real True and Honest Investigative Reporter/Blogger/Whistleblower & Revealer of Light Crystal C. Cox @ http://www.ceopaulotellini.com/2010/09/statement-from-mike-bruzzone-ftc-ta.htmlProof Of Intel Cartel - RICO Proof - Full Screen Linkhttp://www.docstoc.com/docs/document-preview.aspx?doc_id=51737284Intel FTC - Intel FTC 9341 - Intel Corp. FraudCeo Paul Otellini - Paul Otellini - Paul S. Otellini Intel Corp. is Corrupt - Intel is a Cartel - Intel is a Super Power and in Intel Nation - You Lose !!!! ~ Blog Owned byInvestigative Blogger Crystal L. CoxSEC COMPLAINT INTEL CORPORATIONSEC Galleon, Intel Capital Complaint Click HereCorrespondence with D. Bruce Sewell, Barrett and Paul Otellini - They KNEWBlog Owned By Crystal L. Cox Industry Whistleblower as Part of Exposing to You the Story on the Iviewit Stolen Patent and Defense of ALL who have been Beaten down and Taken Advantage of By Billion Dollar Tech Companies Above the Law.Major Shareholder Fraud - Mary Schapiro - SEC ComplaintClick Here for SEC Complaintto Mary Schapiro and the SECRegarding Intel, Warner Bros,Jeffrey Bewkes, Lockheed Martin,Foley and Lardner, Proskauer Rose,Kenneth Rubenstein, Christopher C. Wheeler,the USPTO, Sony, SGI, Bankruptcy Courts,Time Warner, Intel Corp, Time Inc.,Wayne Smith of Warner, Douglas Chey,John Calkins, P. Stephen Lamont,the New York Attorney General,NY Supreme Court, Florida Supreme Court,the US Patent Office, IBM,CEO Paul Otellini of Intel Corp., the Florida Attorney Bar,the New York Attorney Bar, Michael Grebe,the Bradley Foundation and a whole lot More. Tuesday, September 7, 2010Statement From Mike Bruzzone FTC TA Operating in Civic Service Capacity. Intel Docket 9341 September 7, 2010To: Crystal L. CoxInvestigative BloggerFm: Mike BruzzoneCamp MarketingFTC TA Operating in Civic Service CapacityRe: FTC v Intel Docket 9341 Public CommentNation Interest Publication version 3.12Heres my FTC v Intel 9341 public comment.You may have noticed Intel, and the Intel Communications herd, quickly followed August 4, 2010 FTC announcement of finalizing 9341 Proposed consent agreement . . . as the confirmed settlement.Which of course is not true pending Commissioner public comment review, and then potential ratification of proposed consent agreement in all or part. I believe the consent agreement will be accepted in part and denied in part.Honest, even for me from industry, I have never witnessed Intel comms spreading so much disinformation so quickly on August 4.Also believe Senate and Congressional Committees on Commerce are watching this outcome; as a potential regulatory breakdown. Well get to see just how with it, or out of it, Wash DC is with this outcome. We know it bad . . . but can it show worse?If the proposal is not accepted . . . that is a hopeful indicator toward governance & regulatory fiduciary responsibilityObviously the FTC had a hand in this misrepresented settlement pitch. A little premature for Chairman Leibowtiz, Counsel Brill and Bureau of Competition Director Feinstein to be swept up with Intel Network to position the matter as settled . . . when in fact settlement is pending Commissioner ratification and they all know this . . .Theres an FTC video of the August 4 proposed consent agreement press conference . . . and oh was that an Intel celebration.Perhaps the Chairman is a little bite more cunning?Perhaps Intel Network and comms herd are about to experience a severe conceptual discontinuity; Commissioner non acceptance of consent order as proposed.That would be fateful twist. And I would think spark the legitimate press to lead in legitimate counterpoint response.Mike BruzzoneSummary Overview of 9341 proposed consent agreement; attached in full:That entering into Bureau of Competition Docket 9341 proposed consent agreement with Intel Corporation would enable continued monopolization and non address of standing violations of Federal Law including antitrust, commerce and trade, racketeering, penal and securities law by the Federal Trade Commission.Proposed consent agreement should be partially accepted for plaintiff sales relief and partially denied for antitrust omissions. Chartered to act under the laws of the Unites States Bureau of Competition Docket 9341 negotiated settlement proposal in current form is insufficient on antitrust environmental circumstances of fact, discovery, law precedent and Commission fiduciary responsibilities.And should be sent back to the negotiating table where the future of democratic capitalism and civil society are truly at stake. We cannot overlook all the major Intel Network System crimes or the fiduciary and governance breakdowns which proposed order omits.Including seven of the most hideous system crime categories;1) Vertical by horizontal tying.2) Intel multiple laterals of combination.3) Intel tied charge through channels metering devices.4) Intel Corporate plus Media tied sales attraction.5) Network political & jurist multipoint and consumer manipulations.6) Intel Insider Quanda stock and market rigging systems.7) Microsoft OS horizontally tied by OEM license to Intel below cost product.These seven categories of Intel systems deliver debilitating tendencies. System, social, and financial consequences on competition, enterprise, industry, regulatory, law enforcement and protection, political body, Nations stability, financial markets and capital creation potential. And continue to perpetuate hurdles in the way of system remedies from over 18 years of not owing up to many Intel and Microsoft antitrust violations, and concealing PC Media system crimes that have destroyed industries, competition and legitimate governance functions.Accordingly back too the negotiating table. Docket 9341 should proceed too FTC hearing stage focused on Sherman Act Section 1 and 2 per se condemnations of law known under Section 5 umbrella which is Docket 9341.FTC Focus -1) Competitor limiting by vertical restraints for multiple laterals of combination.2) Limited by horizontal contract in combinations including conspiracy to conceal.3) In combinations cartel routing & price fixing raising consumer PC price by 6%.4) In combinations monopoly price impact on consumers from media manipulation.5) Validate recovery for consumer monopoly price, routing & price fixing harms.Finally, for Docket 9341 in hearing too verify the criminal components of these competition case matters in proceeding transcript for Department of Justice timely follow on complaint;DOJ Focus -1) Recovering consumer monopoly price, product routing and price fixing harms.2) Prosecuting competition, commercial frauds and racketeering that are criminalcomponents of the FTC Docket 9341 competition case violations themselves.SEC Focus 1) Documenting Accounting Fraud and with DOJ prosecuting Stock Market Rig.In Summary -Any ruling away from complete documentation of Docket 9341 case facts, in open proceedings, would deny the United States, American People, elected representatives in Congress and Senate the knowledge reference to act on the complete set of case facts.Complete assessment of proposed order and included oversight clauses attached.Regards,Mike BruzzoneCamp Marketing ConsultancyCommissioners of the Federal Trade Commission - In the Matter of Intel Corporation FTC Docket 9341See Link Below for More Informationhttp://www.ceopaulotellini.com/2010/09/commissioners-of-federal-trade.htmlPosted by Crystal L. Cox at 8:23 PM Labels: Congressional Committees, FTC 9341, FTC Corruption, FTC Misrepresentation, Intel Corp., Intel Docket 9341, Intell Communications, Mike Bruzzone, Senate Committee 0 comments:Post a CommentNewer Post Older Post HomeSubscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)SEC Complaint Iviewit - Intel Corp.Intel LawsuitsDerivative Action LawsuitIntel is Corrupt in My Opinon and the SEC needs to Wake Up and Shut Down the Intel Mafai as Intel Corp. continues to violate Anti-Trust Laws and stomp on competitors that have better - cheaper products.The Intel Cartel needs to Obey the laws that all the other smaller Tech Companies seem to have to obey..Click Here for Intel Derivative ActionTo Intel - Paul Otellin - Bruce Sewell from Eliot BernsteinIviewit - Intel - Sewell - Otellini DocumentsLetters to Intel - What Bruce Sewelland Intel Knew - Click HERE. Intel involved in Pending TrillionDollar international RICO Conspiracy lawsuit.Intel CorporationIntel Was Only Company Interested In McAfee, Could Impact SymantecTimes of the Internet- Sep 07, 2010- 21 hours agoThe reason he says is because a September 3, 2010 SEC filing indicates that Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) was the only company interested in buying McAfee clipped from Google - 9/2010Intel Corporation to acquire wireless solutions business of Infineon TechnologiesTrading Markets (press release)- Sep 02, 2010- Sep 02, 2010Intel Corporation, a US-based semiconductor chip making company, has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire wireless solutions (WLS) business of Related Articlesclipped from Google - 9/2010Intel could help standardize USB 3.0 with Cougar Point chipset this yearBusiness 2.0 Press- Sep 07, 2010- 20 hours agoBy Murad Haddad The worlds largest microprocessor maker, Intel Corporation, has confirmed the company would for the first time include USB 3.0 support in clipped from Google - 9/2010August Recap: Markets Need to Adapt to a Low Growth EconomySeeking Alpha (blog)- Sep 07, 2010- 23 hours ago(Bloomberg 8/31/2010) Intel Corporation (INTC): Less than 30 days after posting its best quarter ever, Intel shook off an earnings warning and continued clipped from Google - 9/2010powered byPaul OtelliniIntel CEO Paul Otellini Forsees Tech Decline in U.S.Zimonet- Aug 27, 2010- Aug 27, 2010 Intel Chief Executive Officer Paul Otellini bundled his comments with a bleak outlook on the future of the US tech industry if things continue unchanged Related Articlesclipped from Google - 9/2010Intels Atom chipping away at new usesSan Jose Business Journal- Sep 07, 2010- 22 hours agoUnder the leadership of CEO Paul Otellini, Intels Atom processors are reportedly showing up in places few computer chips have been before. Related Articlesclipped from Google - 9/2010Live-Blogging the Intel-McAfee AnnouncementWall Street Journal (blog)- Aug 19, 2010- Aug 19, 2010Intel CEO Paul Otellini waved as he walked off the stage after his keynote address at the 2010 Consumer Electronics Show. The aim of the acquisition is to Related Articlesclipped from Google - 9/2010Videos: Intel CEO Paul Otellini on the Infineon and McAfee acquisitions, plus IntoMobile (blog)- Aug 31, 2010- Aug 31, 2010Youre rarely going to hear me say this, so here it goes: Fox News recently recorded a stellar interview with Intel CEO Paul Otellini and discussed the Related Articlesclipped from Google - 9/2010powered byAngel of sometimes Darkness says I love you to the Angel of Light, wishing to Join the Light as Darkness is such a headache!Tags: allen stanford, Andrew Cuomo, barroway, bernard madoff, copyright, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, intel, inventor, iviewit, Joe Biden, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, patent, patentgate, PONZI, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SEC, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit Technologies Notifies Governor Charlie Crist of Florida Corruption for 19th Florida Grand Jury at Suggestion of Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum re The Florida Bar and Florida Supreme Court Public Office Corruptions, including Judge Jorge Labarga, Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner and more.  Read All About It!September 4th, 2010 http://www.foley-lardner.com/2010/09/eliot-bernstein-iviewit-technologies.htmlby Angel of Light &Investigative Blogger Crystal CoxFriday, September 3, 2010Eliot Bernstein, Iviewit Technologies Notifies Governor Charlie Crist of Florida Corruption at Suggestion of Florida Attorney General Bill McCollumEliot Bernstein Notifies Florida Governor of Massive Florida Corruption at the Suggestion of Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum. Friday, September 03, 2010Hon. Governor Charlie CristOffice of Governor Charlie CristState of FloridaDear Honorable Governor Charlie Crist,Per the Attorney General of the Great State of Florida, I write to you for inclusion into the ongoing Nineteenth Statewide Grand Jury, the Eliot Bernstein and Iviewit companies claims of criminal RICO and ANTITRUST activities by certain members of the Florida Supreme Court, the Florida Bar, the Boca Raton P.D., the law firms Proskauer Rose LLP, Foley & Lardner LLP and more.The extent of these claims of Public Office Corruption reach the highest levels of Florida government and thus are germane to the Grand Jurys request for information and stated purpose, The Office of Statewide Prosecution has established a public corruption hotline for anyone who believes they have information concerning a criminal offense involving public corruption or wishes to suggest issues the Statewide Grand Jury should investigate regarding public corruption.Below is a communication from Attorney General McCollum in response to my request to his offices for inclusion, whereby he urges me to contact and join your offices of these most serious allegations as well.I am contacting your offices again, as I have contacted them in the past regarding these matters and am asking that your offices take all actions necessary to have these allegations investigated by the Florida Grand Jury your office has convened, as well as, any other criminal actions you may deem appropriate in investigating these matters and notifying the proper authorities of the allegations alleged herein and in the URL links provided herein.I am happy to provide additional information or testimony relating to the matters to any investigators you deem appropriate or before the Grand Jury.Many of these matters have crossed state lines through the law firms accused and in New York, a NY Supreme Court Whistleblower Christine Anderson, Esq. has identified a Racketeering type organization within not only the NY Courts and NY Disciplinary Agencies but the NY prosecutorial offices, including the US Attorney, the NY Attorney General Cuomos offices and the NY District Attorneys Office.The allegations rise to senior members of these public offices acting in conspiracy to deprive due process to citizens complaints against them and in fact, a Cleaner, Naomi Goldstein of the NY Supreme Court was allegedly according to Anderson Whitewashing attorney complaints for these prosecutors. In addition, Anderson claims favored lawyers and law firms had their complaints cleaned as well.The Anderson case now also involves Federal Obstruction of Justice in a federal Lawsuit, with death threats on Federal Witnesses on their way to testify in Federal Court. Extortion of state employees is also evidenced in Anderson, replete with physical assaults on the 60 yr. female Anderson, to either aid and abet or else by Senior New York Supreme Court Officials.My Trillion Dollar Federal RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit filed alongside and in support of Andersons Historic and Heroic Whistleblower claims, was legally related to the Anderson Whistleblower lawsuit by Federal Judge Shira Scheindlin.Many of the defendants in my Fed RICO and ANTITRUST are located here in Florida, in fact all of my claims began in Florida, as that is where my companies and myself were located at the time the criminal activities were first discovered.Proskauer partners were ordered for Investigation for Conflicts of Interest and Violations of Public office by the New York Supreme Court, in a unanimous consent of five justices of that court but those investigations are now under investigation for their failure to investigate.The allegations in NY are almost identical to those I filed in Florida just different players from the same firms often having infiltrated and violated public offices to deny due process to my complaints in violation of law and attorney and judicial conduct codes.All of my complaints in Florida in the courts and to all state agencies are herein officially requested to be re-opened in light of the revelations of new and damning information revealed in Anderson and new evidence against certain defendants in my lawsuit from Florida.New evidence includes Defendant Proskauer Rose LLP and Partner Thomas Sjobloms involvement in the ExSir Robert Allen Stanford Ponzi scheme, Sjoblom found aiding and abetting Stanford Employees in a Miami Airport Hanger teaching them how to lie to SEC and FBI investigators.As you know, Proskauer has been sued in a Global Class Action for the entire damages of Stanford, approximately 7 Billion US Dollars. Another thread to Florida is another Defendant in my Fed RICO, now infamous Ponzi schemer, Marc S. Dreier, Esq., who has been sentenced to 20 years for his Ponzi scheme.Greenberg Traurig law firm, who represents the Florida Bar and Florida Supreme Court in my Fed RICO, acting in conflict as Greenberg Traurig was also former Patent Counsel for my companies and myself, where Greenberg has recently been alleged running a large Ponzi scheme in Florida, more information below. A link too many of the Florida specific crimes can be found athttp://iviewit.tv/supreme%20court/index.htmandhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/oneofthesedays/index.htmComplaints filed in Florida with the Florida Bar and Florida Supreme Court are requested to be re-opened by your offices with oversight by your offices to mitigate any further conflicts of interest and violations of Public Offices and law.Complaints filed with the Florida Bar and Florida Supreme Court against, Florida Bar employees, Florida Supreme Court Public Officials, Proskauer Partners Christopher Clarke Wheeler, Esq. who was convicted of Felony DUI with Injury in Florida and Matthew Triggs who violated Florida Bar Rules in handling Complaints in multiple conflicts and violation of public office of the Florida Bar, are also being requested herein to have formal investigations into the matters reheard entirely based on a plethora of new information and evidence against the defendants in those matters and again instituted with oversight of your offices.Similarly, we are requesting that your offices investigate the Florida Civil Court Case Civil Case No. 502001CA004671XXCDAB with new evidence showing a complete fraud on the court was orchestrated by Proskauer and Judge Jorge Labarga of the Florida Supreme Court, prior to your appointment of Labarga to the Florida Supreme Court.I also note that members of your inner staff are formerly with Defendant Foley & Lardner, who acted as Solicitor General to the Florida Supreme Court while my complaints were being reviewed by that Court.I also note that Justice Jorge Labarga and several of the Florida Supreme Court Justice and Court Officials are Defendants in my Trillion Dollar Fed RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit. I also note that several members or former members of the Florida Bar are Defendants in my Trillion Dollar Fed RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit.Therefore, I request further that your offices in handling these matters proceed with extreme caution in ferreting out ALL Conflicts of Interest prior to involvement by any party, to preclude further possible charges against members of your office or any other party your offices join into these matters.I have attached a Conflict of Interest Disclosure Form for all parties, including yourself, to sign and return to my office at 2753 NW 34th St. Boca Raton, FL 33434, prior to ANY Actions you take in even considering the matter.As a mass of Conflicts of Interest have been discovered in these matters already and the Whistleblower further identifying a criminal conspiracy within state agencies, this Conflict form is essential to ensuring fair and impartial due process of law by non conflicted parties. Any conflicts identified may be considered based on full disclosure and agreement by ALL parties involved or new non conflicted parties must be retained prior to disclosure of even the most basic information.As these matters in New York and Florida are against some of the highest ranking officials in the states, I know that in New York Anderson and now other related cases and witnesses who testified to the New York Senate Judiciary Committee are seeking various forms of witness protection, I similarly would like to know what options for this type of protection are available to those who come forward in Florida.As a car bombing victim of the RICO Criminal Enterprise, described in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit I feel that certain protections should already have been availed, in fact, I petitioned the Florida Supreme Court for such once already and this Motion is located at the URLhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004_10_07_Supreme_Court_Florida_Motion_Final_Cert_Signed.pdfas well as, repeated requests since it was determined by Florida Fire Investigator Rick Lee that accelerants were the cause of the explosion that blew up three cars next to it, in Boynton Beach Florida. Despite repeated notice to Florida Law Enforcement, as you can see from the previous link they too were involved in the second act that protection from the court was requested for and therefore have never investigated these matters through public office corruption after public office corruption after public office corruption as defined herein and in the attached URLs.Please make all exhibits and links fully incorporated by reference herein into this letter for formal docketing in the Florida Grand Jury Request of Eliot Bernstein and the Iviewit Companies, each URL may have several URLs, also hereby incorporated entirely by reference herein and for further use by the Grand Jury.As Whistleblower Anderson in a sworn statement has claimed that she witnessed document destruction of investigatory files first hand (Andersons Statement to the New York Judiciary Committee attached below), please print each and every url in entirety for inclusion into this document and due to the fact that these matters pertain to US Patent Rights of an inventor, please retain these files and information for a period of no less than 20 yrs.There are over a thousand documents at the URL http://www.iviewit.tv/ on the homepage under the Evidence Section on the homepage for your review and for docketing with the complaints and for review by investigators or Grand Jurors.Despite whether the Florida Grand Jury investigates these most serious allegations of corruption at the highest levels of Florida Government, let this letter also serve as a formal request that your offices begin all necessary notices and/or investigations and notify all investigatory bodies necessary to investigate all those persons named in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit from Florida and notify them of the new evidence and requests for an entire review of all prior actions by any Florida Agency listed herein or in the URLs embedded herein.Please formally notify the following offices of this submission, including but not limited to, the Florida Inspector General (copied herein), the Florida US Attorney, the necessary Florida District Attorneys and the Florida Attorney General of the allegations and information contained herein, please have all parties sign prior to acceptance of ANY materials a Conflict of Interest Disclosure Form, again prior to ANY actions or decisions being rendered or transfer of any confidential information.Please take this communication as both a request to join the 19th Florida Grand Jury and Request for Formal Investigations of all of the following Florida Defendants in my Fed RICO and ANTITRUST by the Florida Governor and Florida Attorney Generals offices, please docket a separate complaint for each Florida organization and individual listed below;PROSKAUER ROSE LLP, and, all of its Partners,Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional andindividual capacities,CHRISTOPHER C. WHEELER, in his professionaland individual capacities,MATTHEW M. TRIGGS in his official and individualcapacity for The Florida Bar and his professional andindividual capacities as a partner of Proskauer,ALBERT T. GORTZ, in his professionaland individual capacities,CHRISTOPHER PRUZASKI, in his professionaland individual capacities,MARA LERNER ROBBINS, in her professionaland individual capacities,AMENDEDDONALD ROCKY THOMPSON, in his COMPLAINTprofessional and individual capacities,GAYLE COLEMAN, in her professionaland individual capacities,DAVID GEORGE, in his professionaland individual capacities,GEORGE A. PINCUS, in his professionaland individual capacities,GREGG REED, in his professionaland individual capacities,LEON GOLD, in his professionaland individual capacities,MARCY HAHN-SAPERSTEIN, in her professionaland individual capacities,KEVIN J. HEALY, in his professionaland individual capacities,STUART KAPP, in his professionaland individual capacities,RONALD F. STORETTE, in his professionaland individual capacities,CHRIS WOLF, in his professionaland individual capacities,JILL ZAMMAS, in her professionaland individual capacities,FOLEY & LARDNER LLP, and, all of its Partners,Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional andindividual capacities,MICHAEL C. GREBE, in his professionaland individual capacities,WILLIAM J. DICK, in his professionaland individual capacities,STATE OF FLORIDA,OFFICE OF THE STATE COURTS ADMINISTRATOR FLORIDA,HON. JORGE LABARGA in his official and individual capacities,THE FLORIDA BAR,JOHN ANTHONY BOGGS in his official and individual capacities,KELLY OVERSTREET JOHNSON in her officialand individual capacities,LORRAINE CHRISTINE HOFFMAN in herofficial and individual capacities,ERIC TURNER in his official and individualcapacities,KENNETH MARVIN in his official and individualcapacities,JOY A. BARTMON in her official and individualcapacities,JERALD BEER in his official and individualcapacities,BROAD & CASSEL, and, all of its Partners,Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional andindividual capacities,JAMES J. WHEELER, in his professionaland individual capacities,FLORIDA SUPREME COURT,HON. CHARLES T. WELLS, in his official andindividual capacities,HON. HARRY LEE ANSTEAD, in his official andindividual capacitiesHON. R. FRED LEWIS, in his official andindividual capacities,HON. PEGGY A. QUINCE, in his official andindividual capacities,HON. KENNETH B. BELL, in his official andindividual capacities,THOMAS HALL, in his official and individualcapacities,DEBORAH YARBOROUGH in her official andindividual capacities,DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL REGULATION  FLORIDA,CITY OF BOCA RATON, FLA.BOCA RATON Police Department ROBERT FLECHAUS in his official andindividual capacities,ANDREW SCOTT in his official and individualcapacities,CROSSBOW VENTURES, INC.,ALPINE VENTURE CAPITAL PARTNERS LP,STEPHEN J. WARNER, in his professionaland individual capacities,RENE P. EICHENBERGER, in his professionaland individual capacities,H. HICKMAN HANK POWELL, in hisprofessional and individual capacities,MAURICE BUCHSBAUM, in his professionaland individual capacities,ERIC CHEN, in his professionaland individual capacities,AVI HERSH, in his professionaland individual capacities,MATTHEW SHAW, in his professionaland individual capacities,BRUCE W. SHEWMAKER, in his professionaland individual capacities,RAVI M. UGALE, in his professionaland individual capacities,DIGITAL INTERACTIVE STREAMS, INC.,ROYAL OBRIEN, in his professionaland individual capacities,HUIZENGA HOLDINGS INCORPORATED,WAYNE HUIZENGA, in his professionaland individual capacities,WAYNE HUIZENGA, JR., in his professionaland individual capacities,HOUSTON & SHAHADY, P.A., and any successors, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities,BART A. HOUSTON, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities,FURR & COHEN, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities,BRADLEY S. SCHRAIBERG, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities,MOSKOWITZ, MANDELL, SALIM & SIMOWITZ, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities,WILLIAM G. SALIM, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities,SACHS SAX & KLEIN, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities,BEN ZUCKERMAN, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities,SPENCER M. SAX, in his professional and individual capacities,SCHIFFRIN & BARROWAY LLP, and any successors, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities,RICHARD SCHIFFRIN, in his professional and individual capacities,ANDREW BARROWAY, in his professional and individual capacities,KRISHNA NARINE, in his professional and individual capacities,CHRISTOPHER & WEISBERG, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities,ALAN M. WEISBERG, in his professional and individual capacities,ALBERTO GONZALES in his official and individual capacities, ******Above Letter From Eliot Bernstein Iviewit Technologies Founder and Main Inventor to Floridas Governor Charlie Crist  AGAIN What will Governor Charlie Crist of Florida do with this Knowing of Blatant and Widespread Corruption This Time ??I will Let You Know.In My Opinion, if Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum and if Governor Charlie Crist IGNORES this information, Well Time for a RICO Lawsuit, a Whistleblower Lawsuit AGAINST the STATE of FLORIDA for aiding and abetting Massive Shareholder Fraud, Major Crime and Corruption, Government Corruption and for Hiding Secrets that will Cost Taxpayers - Investors - Shareholders BILLIONS of Dollars.More on the Massive Corruption in Floridawww.FloridaGrandJury.comPosted Here byInvestigative BloggerCrystal L. Coxgot a Tip on Corruption in Florida,or on Bill McCollum Florida Attorney General,Or On Governor Charlie Crist ??eMail meCrystal@CrystalCox.comCheck out Eliot Bernstein on Dick Woelfles We The People TV - Part 1 - The Inventions now playing @http://wethepeopletv.comAdditional Info Attached to LetterOriginal MessageFrom: AG [mailto:AG@MyFloridaLegal.com]Sent: Monday, August 30, 2010 6:01 PMTo: iviewit@iviewit.tvSubject: From Attorney General Bill McCollumFlorida Attorney General Bill McCollum received your email regarding the Florida Bar and the Florida Supreme Court. Attorney General McCollum asked that I respond on his behalf.Attorney General McCollum issued the following statement on the Florida Supreme Courts order to convene a statewide grand jury on public corruption:http://www.myfloridalegal.com/newsrel.nsf/newsreleases/A26DE7C27763DB94852576BD005BB1E7 The Statewide Prosecutor will serve, by law, as the statewide grand jurys counsel. As mentioned in the above statement, our Statewide Prosecutor will work with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement and Floridas state attorneys to identify investigations and cases to bring before the statewide grand jury. I am forwarding your correspondence to the Statewide Prosecution Office for review. However, due to the confidential nature of investigations, the Statewide Prosecution Office is not at liberty to comment further. We will keep your concerns under advisement.If you have not already done so, I also encourage you to convey your concerns to Governor Charlie Crists Office at:Office of the GovernorThe CapitolTallahassee, Florida 32399-0001Telephone: (850) 488-4441Website: http://www.flgov.com You should consult your private attorney for any legal advice you may need. By law our office cannot give legal advice, statutory interpretations, or legal opinions to private individuals or businesses.Thank you for giving us the opportunity to review your concerns.Sincerely,Samantha SantanaOffice of Citizen ServicesPLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS E-MAIL. THIS ADDRESS IS FOR PROCESSING ONLY.To contact this office please visit the Attorney Generals website at www.myfloridalegal.com and complete the on-line contact form. Again, thank you for contacting the Office of the Florida Attorney General.________________________________________________________________________INTERNET MESSAGE RECEIVED BY THE ATTORNEY GENERALS OFFICE ON 08/21/2010Eliot Bernstein2753 nw 34th stBoca Raton, FL 33434Email: iviewit@iviewit.tvRE: Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner, Greenberg Traurig, FL Supreme Court Justices, Florida Bar and moreSubject: Public Corruption Grand JuryI have spoken at the NY Senate Judiciary Committee who is holding hearings on Court Corruption in NY related to the NY Supreme Court Whistleblower case listed below. My RICO and Antitrust, involving many FL attorneys and Judges is related to the Whistleblower Lawsuit.Florida Supreme Court & Florida Bar sued in Trillion Dollar Federal RICO & ANTITRUST LAWSUIT - Radio Interview Inventor Eliot Bernstein on Les Winstons Disbar the Florida Bar Iviewit Technologies Inventor, Eliot Bernstein, Interviews with Disbar the Florida Bars Radio Host Les Winston ~ The Biz 880am regarding Trillion Dollar Federal RICO & ANTITRUST Lawsuit against Florida Bar, FL Supreme Court, Justice Jorge Labarga, Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner, Greenberg Traurig & more.Lawsuit Legally Related to NY Supreme Court Whistleblower, Christine C. Anderson who reveals an attorney complaint case fixer Cleaner, Naomi Goldstein at NY Ethics Dept which regulates WallStreet.Press Release Distributed @http://www.free-press-release.com/news-iviewit-inventor-eliot-bernstein-interview-with-disbar-the-florida-bar-les-winston-the-biz-880am-regarding-trillion-dollar-fed-rico-suit-against-flo-1276897073.html or online interactive version @ http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=315 Disbar the Florida Bar Radio Host Les Winston interviews Iviewit Tech Inventor Eliot Bernstein regarding illegal activities at the Florida Supreme Court, Florida Bar & Judge Jorge Labarga.LISTEN TO INTERVIEW @ http://disbarthefloridabar.com/?page_id=96 orhttp://www.iviewit.tv/DisbarFloridaBar23.mp3 World-renowned Inventor of Digital Video & Imaging Mathematical Scaling Formulas, Eliot Bernstein discusses with radio talk show host Les Winston of Disbar the Florida Bar his Trillion Dollar Federal RICO & ANTITRUST Lawsuit, naming the Florida Bar, Florida Supreme Court & Labarga as Defendants. The suit marked legally related by Judge Shira Scheindlin to a NY Whistleblower suit filed by a Supreme Court of NY Staff Attorney, Christine C. Anderson, Esq. Bernsteins Amended Complaint @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080509%20FINAL%20AMENDED%20COMPLAINT%20AND%20RICO%20SIGNED%20COPY%20MED.pdf Anderson alleges the NY Attorney Disciplinary Dept, responsible for the oversight of WallStreet lawyers, has been whitewashing and cleaning disciplinary complaints against attorneys, including US Attorneys, DAs & ADAs. Anderson named a Cleaner from the Ethics Dept of the NY Supreme Court, Naomi Goldstein, supervisor at the NY Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee. No wonder WallStreet melted down & attorney regulators go unpunished for failures after causing massive damage to the American People, only to then leave government positions for cushy law firm partnerships. Anderson claimed staff attorney, Nicole Corrado Esq., on her way to testify at deposition supporting Andersons suit was threatened & intimated by a Sr. Court Official regarding giving testimony, creating Federal Obstruction of Justice, Witness Tampering & more by Court Officials.Bernstein suing the FL & NY Supreme Courts, State Bars & Disciplinary Agencies, claims conflicted members of the courts, partners from Proskauer Rose LLP law firm, the main conspirator in Bernsteins case along with law firm Foley & Lardner, illegally handled complaints against partners while holding official title with the courts & disciplinary agencies. In NY, Bernsteinsallegations led to unanimous consent of 5 justice of the NY Supreme Court to have former NY State Bar Association President, Steven Krane, a Proskauer partner, ordered for investigation for conflicts & the appearance of impropriety. Proskauers Kenneth Rubenstein, the sole (soulless) patent evaluator for MPEGLA LLC, ordered for investigation along with attorney Raymond Joao, who claims to have put 90+ patents into his own name. Bernstein claims patents filed by Joao were during & after the time Iviewit retained Joao to patent inventions for Bernstein, Joao patented them for himself instead. After termination as Iviewit counsel, Joao worked for infamous convicted felon Marc S. Dreier, sentenced July 13, 2009, to 20 years in prison. Thomas Cahill, formerChief Counsel of the First Dept whom Anderson alleges to be the ringleader at the First Dept, ordered for Special Inquiry. Cahills investigation relates to Kranes conflicts & Cahills role in aiding and abetting the RICO Criminal Enterprise, which Bernstein claims is composed mainly of corrupt mob type law firms. Anderson under oath in Scheindlins US Fed Court stated CleanerGoldstein was cleaning complaints against favored law firms and lawyers. NY Attorney General Andrew Cuomo fingered by Anderson & Bernstein for illegal representation of the accused NY State Officials in violation of his public office duties. Cuomo represents the State Officials both professionally & personally on the broke NY State taxpayers dime and Bernstein alleges the NY Attorney General is guilty of Felony Title 18 Obstruction of Justice. Obstruction caused by Cuomos conflicting his offices with scienter from investigating the accused State Defendants they represent while simultaneously failing to call in a non-conflicted investigator to investigate the Defendants on behalf of the People of NY. Cuomo is duty bound by Public Officer Law 17(2)(b), which dictates the Attorney General not represent State Defendants when conflict with their offices exist.Yet Cuomo not only represents the State Defendants when conflict exists in both Bernstein and Andersons lawsuit but has failed to call in any outside investigator to investigate the State Defendants, his clients, creating a block to prosecution & obstructing justice. Cuomo, Eliot Spitzer & the NY Attorney Generals office are Defendants in Bernsteins suit. The fact they are Defendants makes the continued representation of the State Defendants by the Attorney Generals office bizarre and further illegal. Bernstein filed criminal complaints with the Department of Justice Inspector General Glenn Fine, the US Attorney General Eric Holder & others regarding the criminal activities of both the NY and FL Officials.Bernstein is the inventor of digital imaging & video technologies that revolutionized the Internet, Television & Digital Imaging, the technologies valued over a Trillion Dollars over the 20 yr patent life. Bernsteins patents are currently on Suspension with the US Patent & Trademark Office by the Commissioner of Patents while the Office of Enrollment & Discipline (OED)Director at the US Patent Office, the Federal Patent Bar, investigates Bernsteins attorneys for crimes including Fraud Upon the US Patent & Trademark Office.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/USPTO%20Suspension%20Notices.pdfBernstein claims Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent Stephen Lucchesi claimed to be working with Harry I. Moatz, Director of the OED investigating allegations of crimes against the US & more, Bernstein claims Moatz confirmed collaboration with the FBI. Bernstein calls for the end of attorney self regulation & self discipline by their peers, which has obviously failed, in favor of charging attorneys with criminal acts to criminal prosecutors, warning that victims of attorneys, judges and prosecutors who file with attorney run state attorney regulators are doing themselves a disfavor. Bernstein claims the attorneys gain advantage through using the state disciplinary agencies, defending themselves in conflict and gaining confidential information against them, while feathering their caps with conflicted decisions on Supreme Court letterhead. Bernstein along with Anderson, testified before the NY Senate Judiciary Committee in NY @http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8OX8uuAbw&feature=player_embedded &http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knQLll5hmjs&feature=player_embeddedChaired by Hon. Senator John Sampson, the hearings to investigate allegations of corruption in the NY Supreme Court Appellate Divisions. Hearings remain ongoing & claims made by NY Senators attending to begin a Task Force to investigate victims claims of legal process abuse. According to Bernstein, one look only at the recent plethora of criminal activity in the stock market & Ponzi schemes to see that all of these schemes are run by law firms. Bernstein claims the Ponzis are illegal money laundering operations for monies illegally obtained by the law firms Criminal RICO Enterprise activities. Bernstein points to recent schemes such as Bernard Madoff, former Sir Allen Stanford, Marc S. Dreier & Greenberg Traurigs involvement directly in a Ponzi, as evidence that lawyers are behind the schemes & directly involved in intentionally creating subterfuge of the regulatory agencies that could have prevented these schemes. Greenberg, recall was central to Abramoffs fraud and linked to the Stanford Regulatory Failures.Other Defendants, reported to the SEC for alleged Shareholder Frauds relating to the Iviewit RICO & ANTITRUST include Time Warner (NYSE: TWX), Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc., AOL Inc. (NYSE: AOL), Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC), Silicon Graphics, Inc. (delisted NYSE: SGI) & successor Silicon Graphics International (NASDAQ: SGI), Sony Corporation (NYSE/ADR: SNE) , Lockheed MartinCorporation (NYSE: LMT), Ernst & Young Global Limited @http://www.free-press-release.com/news-eliot-bernstein-of-iviewit-technologies-f iles-sec-fbi-complaint-with-mary-schapiro-others-against-warner-bros-aol-inc-time-warner-intel-sgi-268580941.html andhttp://www.iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=274andhttp://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20100206%20FINAL%20SEC%20FBI%20and%20more%20COMPLAINT%20Against%20Warner%20Bros%20Time%20Warner%20AOL176238nscolorlow.pdf Information regarding these Ponzi schemes and the relation to the Iviewit crimes @ Information regarding Greenberg Traurigs involvement in a recent Ponzi, The American Lawyer is reporting today, May 13, 2010, that the law firm of Greenberg Traurig has been sued for its willful participation in and facilitation of what it knew to be an illegal Ponzi scheme @http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=313 Greenberg represents in conflict the Florida Bar and Florida Supreme Court Defendants in Bernsteins Trillion Dollar RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit, as Greenberg was retained patent counsel by Bernstein & therefore acts wholly in violation of law representing Defendants in the matter. Information re the Bernard Madoff, Stanford & Dreier connections to Defendant Proskauer @http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=307Proskauer Rose and Partner Thomas Sjoblom Further Implicated in the Allen Stanford Ponzi Scheme, Failures of SEC in Stanford Cited Further Supporting Iviewit & Eliot Bernsteins Federal Trillion Dollar Lawsuit Claimshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=256Proskauer (Porksour) Rose Law Firm Going Down in Allen Stanford Ponzi, next the trail of money may lead to Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernsteins stolen Trillion Dollar Patentshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=254Florida Bar Under Fire for Lack of Regulation in Robert Allen Stanford & Scott Rothstein Ponzi scheme, Kenneth Marvin defendant in Iviewit Multi Trillion Dollar Lawsuit. After readingthe article, one wonders if the Florida Bar reported this liability in the Iviewit Multi Trillion Dollar Federal Lawsuit to State Auditors? The legally related cases to Anderson are @Cases @ New York Second Circuit1. 08-4873-cv United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit Docket - Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. - TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUIT2. Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.3. Esposito v The State of New York, et al.4. McKeown v The State of New York, et al.Related Cases @ US District Court - Southern District NY5. 07cv09599 Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT which other cases have been marked legally related to by Fed. Judge Shira A. Scheindlin @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/anderson/20071028%20Anderson%20Original%20Filing.pdf 6. 07cv11196 Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20080509%20FINAL%20AMENDED%20COMPLAINT%20AND%20RICO%20SIGNED%20COPY%20MED.doc 7. 07cv11612 Esposito v The State of New York, et al. @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/Esposito/20081228%20Luisa%20Esposito%20Original%20Filing.pdf 8. 08cv00526 Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.,9. 08cv02391 McKeown v The State of New York, et al. @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/McKeown/20080307%20Kevin%20McKeown.pdf 10. 08cv02852 Galison v The State of New York, et al.,11. 08cv03305 Carvel v The State of New York, et al. @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/carvel/Carvel%20Filing.pdf 12. 08cv4053 Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al. @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/Weisshaus/20080439%2008cv4053%20Gizella%20Weisshaus.pdf 13. 08cv4438 Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al. @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/McCormick/McCormick%2008cv4438%20SVM%20Cmplnt.pdf 14. 08 cv 6368 John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New York15. 06cv05169 McNamara v The State of New York, et alOther Press ReleasesNEWS TIP - SEC CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AGAINST AOL, TIME WARNER, INTEL, LOCKHEED, SGI FOR SHAREHOLDER FRAUD! IVIEWIT PRESS RELEASEIviewit Press Release: World Renowned Inventor of Internet Video and Image Scaling Formulae Eliot Bernstein of Iviewit Technologies files SEC & FBI CRIMINAL Complaint with Mary Schapiro & Others against Warner Bros., AOL Inc., Time Warner, Intel, SGI, Lockheed Martin, Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner for Patent Theft, a car bombing and more. Read all about it Online InteractiveVersion of Press Release @ http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=288 Hard Copy of the Release @http://www.free-press-release.com/news-eliot-bernstein-of-iviewit-technologies-files-sec-fbi-complaint-with-mary-schapiro-others-against-warner-bros-aol-inc-time-warner-intel-sgi-268580941.html (Copy & paste the urls to address bar if not clickable or see attached PDF)Prior Press Release re Supreme Court of New York Whistleblower LawsuitUS Federal Whistleblower Lawsuit (07cv09599) Anderson v The State of New York, et al. Criminal Allegations Requiring Senator John L. Sampsons Immediate Attention. In Judge Shira A. Scheindlins US Federal Court Whistleblower Christine C. Anderson Reveals a Cleaner, Naomi Goldstein, at the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department ETHICS Committee allegedly Whitewashing Complaints for US Attorneys, DAs and more, a scene more reminiscent of the Gotti Trial on the 26th Floor of the same Federal CourthouseInventor Eliot Bernsteins Family Minivan Bombed in US Patent Office Fraud files Twelve Trillion Dollar RICO Suit legally related by Judge Scheindlin to the Whistleblower case (08-4873-cv US Court of Appeals Second Circuit) and US District Court (07cv11196).Where was the Press through all this, the Right Arm of Anarchy, not a single report in over five years regarding a Car Bombing so powerful it blew up three cars next to it in Boynton Beach Florida and not a single press story? Where was the Press for the Whistleblower revelations of Whitewashing of Complaints by the New York Supreme Court for US Attorneys and District Attorneys, a Cleaner at the Ethics Department that regulates Wall Street Lawyers? Has Investigative Journalism died? If there are any Journalists or Investigative Reporters left on earth, please feel free to call me, Eliot Bernstein @ 561-245-8588 or write iviewit@iviewit.tv to break the greatest patent story ever told.For an Interactive version of the attached Adobe PDF Letter to the New York Senate Judiciary Committee and Senator John L. Sampson below with Links to all Exhibits @ http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=209From: Eliot Bernstein [mailto:iviewit@hotmail.com]Sent: Thursday, October 29, 2009 6:43 AMTo: John L. Sampson, Chairman ~ New York Senate Judiciary Committee ( sampson@senate.state.ny.us )Cc: The Honorable John Conyers Jr. (D-MI 14th) - Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee ( john.conyers@mail.house.gov ); The Honorable Glenn Fine ~ Inspector General @ United States Department of Justice ( glenn.a.fine@usdoj.gov ); The Honorable Glenn Fine - Inspector General Department of Justice; The Honorable United States Senator Dianne Feinstein (Business Fax); Jennifer Duck, Chief Counsel ~ Senator Dianne Feinstein ( jennifer_duck@judiciary-dem.senate.gov ); The Honorable Eric H. Holder Jr., United States Attorney General @ US DOJ ( Inspector.general@usdoj.gov ); The Honorable Eric H. Holder Jr., United States Attorney General @ US DOJ ( AskDOJ@usdoj.gov ); The Honorable Shira A. Scheindlin @ United States District Court ~ Southern District of New York ( shira_a._scheindlin@NYSD.uscourts.gov ); Elena Kagan, Charles Hamilton Houston Professor of Law Dean of the Faculty of Law @ Harvard Law School ( ekagan@law.harvard.edu ); Harry I. Moatz ~ Director of the United States Patent & Trademark Office - Office of Enrollment & Discipline; David Kappos ~ Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO ( david.kappos@USPTO.gov ); John J. Doll - Commissioner for Patents; David Gouvaia @ Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration ( david.gouvaia@tigta.treas.gov ); Mary L. Schapiro, Chairman @ U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( CHAIRMANOFFICE@sec.gov ); Enforcement @ U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( enforcement@sec.gov ); Chris P. Mercer, President ~ Institute of Professional Representatives before the European Patent Office (epi) ( cpm@carpmaels.com ); Steven Michael Cohen, Counselor and Chief of Staff @ New York Office of the Attorney General ( steven.cohen@oag.state.ny.us ); Timothy Spotts Esq. ~ Counsel @ Senate Standing Committee on the Judiciary ( spotts@senate.state.ny.us ); George Onorato (D-NY 12th) ( onorato@senate.state.ny.us ); Senator Ruth E. Hassell-Thompson (D-NY 36th) ( hassellt@senate.state.ny.us ); Ruben Diaz (D-NY 32nd) ( diaz@senate.state.ny.us ); Jeffrey D. Klein (D-NY 34th) ( jdklein@senate.state.ny.us );  ( eadams@senate.state.ny.us ); New York State Senator Pedro Espada Jr. (D) @ 33rd Senate District ( espada@senate.state.ny.us ); Senator Neil D. Breslin (D-NY 46th) ( breslin@senate.state.ny.us );  ( dilan@senate.state.ny.us ); Diane J. Savino (D-NY 23rd) ( savino@senate.state.ny.us ); Bill Perkins (D-NY 30th) ( perkins@senate.state.ny.us ); George D. Maziarz (R-NY 62nd) ( maziarz@senate.state.ny.us ); Senator John A. DeFrancisco (R-NY 50th) ( jdefranc@senate.state.ny.us ); David J. Valesky (D-NY 49th) ( volker@senate.state.ny.us ); Stephen M. Saland (R-NY 41st) ( saland@senate.state.ny.us ); William J. Larkin, Jr. (R-NY 39th) ( lavalle@senate.state.ny.us ); Senator John J. Bonacic (R-NY 42nd) ( bonacic@senate.state.ny.us ); George H. Winner, Jr. (R-NY 53rd) ( winner@senate.state.ny.us ); Michael F. Nozzolio (R-NY 54th) (nozzolio@senate.state.ny.us ); Andrew J. Lanza (R-NY 24th) ( lanza@senate.state.ny.us ); New York State Senator Michael H. Ranzenhofer (R, C, IP) @ 61st Senate District ( ranz@senate.state.ny.us ); Monica Connell, Assistant Attorney General - Division of State Counsel Litigation Bureau ~ State of New York Office of the Attorney General ( monica.connell@oag.state.ny.us ); Rory J. Bellantoni, Partner @ Lovett & Bellantoni, LLP ( info@lovett-bellantoni.com ); Jonathan Lovett, Partner @ Lovett & Bellantoni, LLP ( info@lovett-bellantoni.com ); Caroline Prochotska Rogers, Esquire ( caroline@cprogers.com ); Marc R. Garber, Esquire @ Flaster Greenberg P.C.; Michele Marlene Mulrooney Jackoway Esq. ( MMulrooney@JTWAMM.com ); Andy Dietz; Barry Becker @ Rock-It Cargo USA, Inc. ( barryb@rockitcargo.com ); Terry; Pat Handley ( svm231@aol.com ); Kevin R. Hall Esq. ( krhall007@aol.com );  iviewit@gmail.com ; Iviewit Press Release; TourCandy; Guy Iantoni; James F. Armstrong ( jim@6armstrongs.com ); Alessandra Dupont ( dupontalessandra1@gmail.com ); Betsy Combier @ Parent Advocates; Christine C. Anderson ( tallawah@earthlink.net ); Eleanor Capogrosso Esq. ( eleanor.capogrosso@gmail.com ); Frank Brady @ Expose Corrupt Courts ( CorruptCourts@gmail.com ); Gizella Weisshaus ( GizellaWeisshaus@yahoo.com ); Jackie Weaver ( jaweaver13@yahoo.com ); Kathryn Grace Jordan @ E.N.D. ~ End Discrimination Now - E.N.D. ( info@enddiscriminationnow.com ); Luisa Esposito; Pamela Carvel ( estatecrimes@gmail.com ); Ruth M. Pollack ( ruthmpollack@yahoo.com ); Ruth M. Pollack Esq. ( Ruth@ruthmpollackesq.com ); Scott H. Robb ( shrobb@msn.com ); Tembani Selepi Xaba ( tembani@earthlink.net ); William Galison ( wgalison@aol.com ) Subject: US Federal Whistleblower Lawsuit (07cv09599) Anderson v The State of New York, et al. Criminal Allegations Requiring Your Immediate Attention, Revelation of Cleaner at NY First Dept Ethics Committee, Whitewashing Complaints for US Attorneys, District Attorneys and Assistant DAs and More.I-VIEW-IT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with VisionDear Hon. John L. Sampson, Chairman of the New York Senate Judiciary Committee,Please review the attached PDF Document orhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=209 which is a letter regarding the Criminal Allegations levied in the Christine C. Anderson v. New York State et al. case to you and requires actions on the part of the NY Senate Judiciary Committee.Very Truly Yours,Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DL World Renowned Inventor of Trillion Dollar + Technologies and Car Bombing Victim Eliot Bernstein filed written testimony to supplement his live testimony before a September 24, 2009 NY State Senate Judiciary Committee hearing under Chair, NY Senator John L. Sampson, as announced in the attached press release. An interactive version of the press release is @http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=189and the Formal Written Prepared Statement is @ http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=165 The technologies are claimed to be used across all Internet and Digital Television providers hosting and distributing video, on Defense applications, Space and Flight simulators, Guidance Systems, Medical Imaging Devices, GPS Mapping like Google Maps, You-Tube, the Hubble Space Telescope and much more. Major Fortune 1000 and Wall street interests implicated in the case include Intel, SGI, Lockheed, IBM, Comcast, Verizon, AOL TW, Yahoo, Universal Studios, Morgan Stanley, CIBC and much more. In what is commonly now referred to as Patentgate, the attention of Washington, DC and Federal Agencies have been trailing the case for years which involves allegations of Fraud on the US Patent Office and the Attempted Murder of the Inventors Family by a Car Bombing in Boynton Beach, Florida strong enough to take out 3 cars, images @ www.iviewit.tv .Bernstein filed a TWELVE COUNT - TWELVE TRILLION DOLLAR Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ( RICO ) Federal complaint, the case moved its way in to New York when Bernsteins case was marked legally related by Federal Judge Shira Scheindlin, to a Whistleblower Lawsuit of Christine Anderson. Anderson case comes from alleged corruption out of the Supreme Court of NY First Department in Manhattan, which is heading to trial very on October 19, 2009. Major Law Firms and Wall Street interests implicated in the matter include major Defense firm Lockheed Martin, the Intel Corporation, Silicon Graphics Inc and others.Law firms Proskauer Rose and Foley & Lardner implicated as central players in the theft and fraud on the United States Patent & Trademark Offices, which have led to suspension of the intellectual Properties by the US Patent Office Commissioner are under investigation, the patents suspended while federal investigations continue. Proskauer recently sued for aiding and abetting the Stanford Ponzi scheme and a former SEC Proskauer partner has resigned from the firm, leaving the firm with a global class action for the entire billions stolen by Stanford. Ties to Madoff and Proskauer also abound and Proskauer is also found representing themselves in court against Bernstein their former client, in MASS conflicts of interest.The press release contains Links to Written Testimony and other releases including a Petition to President Obama and US Attorney General Eric Holder. The full NY senate Judiciary Committee hearing regarding the Public Office Corruption in NY can be found @ http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=159Bernsteins Testimony comes at 4.02.08 on the video timeline where he declares that the State Bar Association is a drinking establishment and that it should be blown up and hard pipe hitting investigators who hate lawyers should be charged with investigating and prosecuting dirty lawyers, judges and politicians, to the jeers of the packed hearing room.Press Release appeared originally at the totally awesome Free Press Release @http://www.free-press-release.com/news-senator-john-l-sampson-ny-senate-judiciary-comm-hearing-testimony-of-iviewit-inventor-eliot-bernstein-re-trillion-dollar-fed-suit-naming-proskauer-1254966944.html Amended Complaint  12 Trillion Dollars @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080509%20FINAL%20AMENDED%20COMPLAINT%20AND%20RICO%20SIGNED%20COPY%20MED.pdf February 13th 2009 Letter to President Barack Hussein Obama II to enjoin The Honorable Eric H. Holder Jr., United States Attorney General ~ Department of Justice @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090213%20FINAL%20SIGNED%20LETTER%20OBAMA%20TO%20ENJOIN%20US%20ATTORNEY%20FINGERED%20ORIGINAL%20MAIL%20l.pdf More @ Expose Corrupt Courts BREAKING NEWS IN NEW YORK STATE COURT CORRUPTION TRIAL - Anderson Pulls in Powerhouse Trial Team to Confront Court Ethics Corruptionhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2009/10/anderson-pulls-in-powerhouse-trial-team.htmlChristine Anderson StatementExhibit 2  Christine C. Anderson StatementChristine C. AndersonAttorney at Law227 Riverside Drive, Ste. 2NNew York, New York 10025September 13, 2009 (via Confirmed Overnight Delivery)The Hon. Eric H. Holder, Jr.Attorney General of the United StatesOffice of the Attorney GeneralUnited States Department of Justice950 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.Washington, D.C. 20530-0001 The Hon. Preet BhararaUnited States Attorney for the Southern District of New YorkUnited States Department of JusticeOne St. Andrews PlazaNew York, New York 10007Hon. William M. Welch IIChief, Public Integrity UnitUnited States Department of Justice950 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.Washington, D.C. 20530-0001The Hon. John L. Sampson,ChairmanNew York State Senate Judiciary Committee409 Legislative Office BuildingAlbany, NY 12247Re: Request for Federal Investigation Into Allegations of Corruption and Witness Intimidation and Appointment of Federal MonitorGentlemen:My name is Christine C. Anderson. For six and one-half years, I was a Principal Attorney of the New York State Appellate Division, First Departments Departmental Disciplinary Committee (the DDC). The DDC is responsible for investigating and disciplining attorneys found guilty of misconduct in representing the public in the Bronx and Manhattan. After discovering and reporting of acts of misconduct and corruption at the DDC, which acts constituted an abuse of power and a fraud upon the public, my employment was summarily terminated in June, 2007.Prior to my employment with the DDC, I was in private practice for over twenty years. Before that, I worked for the Human Resources Administration of New York City. In other words, I am a thoroughly seasoned attorney, with a broad based knowledge of general practice. As a result of my wrongful termination in retaliation for my reporting misconduct in violation of my First Amendment rights, I instituted a lawsuit captioned Anderson v. State of New York, et al., 07 Civ. 9599 (S.D.N.Y. 2007). (A copy of my complaint in this action is attached hereto as Exhibit A.) Specifically, I discovered and reported that employees of the DDC had engaged in, inter alia, the whitewashing [of] complaints of misconduct leveled against certain select attorneys and law firms. This whitewashing sometimes involved burying cases or destroying evidence, so that certain complaints were inevitably, unavoidably, dismissed. I witnessed this destruction of evidence myself. Other reported misconduct involves victimizing attorneys lacking privileged positions or connections. Although the then Chief Counsel of the DDC, Thomas Cahill, stepped down in 2007, evidence clearly establishes that under the leadership of Alan Friedberg, the current Chief Counsel, the same practice of corruption and whitewashing of complaints continues. Such practice robs the public of any hope at justice; it also works to the detriment of the very public the DDC is duty-bound to serve. During the course of my litigation against the DDC, a former colleague of mine, who still works as a Principal Attorney at the DDC, agreed to testify on my behalf at a deposition. This former colleague, Nicole Corrado, has been employed by the DDC for approximately eight years, prior to which she worked as a prosecutor for New York State. On the morning of her deposition, however, while en route to her deposition, Ms. Corrado was approached on the street by a supervisor at the DDC, who threatened and intimidated her with respect to her upcoming deposition testimony. Although terribly shaken, Ms. Corrado nonetheless sat for her deposition and testified truthfully. Following her deposition, however, Ms. Corrado has been subjected to further harassment and intimidation at the hands of the DDC. She has been forced to take a leave of absence as a result.On June 8, 2009, I testified at a hearing convened by John L. Sampson, New York State Senator and Chairman of the New York State Standing Committee On The Judiciary. (A copy of my affidavit submitted to the Committee is attached hereto as Exhibit B.) At that hearing, several witnesses testified as to their shocking experiences with the grievance and judiciary committees in New York State. Shockingly, within days of my testimony, in my lawsuit, my sealed medical and psychiatric records were filed and posted publicly on the courts Internet filing system by counsel for the defendants  i.e., the New York State Attorney Generals Office. I regard those actions as horrifically unethical and malicious, and taken in deliberate retaliation for my testifying at the Senate hearing.The detailed testimony presented by innumerable witnesses at the June 8th Senate hearing reveals the manifold reports of corruption and abuse by the States Disciplinary Committees. (A copy of the transcript of this hearing is attached hereto as Exhibit C.) Charges included concealment of evidence, obstruction of justice, extortionate sexual threats by attorneys, pilfering of estates by attorneys, abuse of power, fraud, conspiracy and repeated violations of state and federal constitutional rights.In light of the foregoing, it is plain that the enduring practice of allowing attorneys in this state to police themselves is fundamentally flawed. With the numerous reports of abuse by both attorneys and state officials, the corruption in the court system has reached a critical stage. Accordingly, I respectfully request that you authorize the appointment of a Special Prosecutor to investigate the epidemic of honest services fraud in the New York state court system, and the appointment of a Federal Monitor, to oversee the lawful operation of the same. Thank you for your time and attention. I look forward to your response.Very truly yours,Christine C. Andersoncc w/o enc:The Hon. David A. PatersonNew York State GovernorOffice of the Governor of New York StateState CapitolAlbany, New York 12224The Hon. Boyd M. Johnson IIIDeputy United States Attorney for theSouthern District of New YorkPublic Corruption UnitUnited States Department of JusticeOne St. Andrews PlazaNew York, New York 10007The Hon. Loretta A. PreskaChief U.S. District JudgeUnited States CourthouseSouthern District of New York500 Pearl StreetNew York, New York 10007-1312The Hon. Andrew M. CuomoNew York State Attorney GeneralOffice of the Attorney General of New York StateThe CapitolAlbany, New York 12224-0341The Hon. Luis A. GonzalezPresiding Justice, New York State Appellate Division,1st Department27 Madison AvenueNew York, New York 10010The Hon. Joseph M. Demarest, Jr.Assistant Director in Charge, New York Division26 Federal Plaza, 23rd FloorNew York, New York 10278-0004End Anderson Letter******The Committee should take URGENT notice of the following information exposed by the Internet Legal Site, Expose Corrupt Courts, in relation to Andersons claims perhaps of Targeting Federal Witnesses for Harassment, I again quote and read into the record @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2008/11/breaking-news.html : FBI Probes Threats on Federal Witnesses in NY Ethics Scandal.Honorable Governor Crist, in closing, I welcome the opportunity to work with your offices in cleaning the Great State of Florida of one of the largest Public Office Corruption scandals of the century. Thank you in advance for your cooperation in these matters. Please formally docket this FORMAL COMPLAINT and REQUEST FOR GRAND JURY participation and confirm such in writing with my offices via US Mail as soon as possible.Yours truly,Eliot Ivan Bernstein, InventorI VIEW IT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with VisionEliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DL (yes, two identically named)Iviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUviewit Holdings, Inc. - DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvhttp://www.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.html http://www.enddiscriminationnow.comhttp://www.corruptcourts.orghttp://www.changecourtsnow.comhttp://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comhttp://www.parentadvocates.orghttp://www.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.comhttp://cuomotarp.blogspot.comhttp://www.disbarthefloridabar.com http://www.VoteForGreg.us Greg Fischerhttp://www.liberty-candidates.org/greg-fischer/http://www.facebook.com/pages/Vote-For-Greg/111952178833067http://www.killallthelawyers.ws/law (The Shakespearean Solution)CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:This message and any attachments are covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. SS 2510-2521.This e-mail message is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message or call (561) 245-8588. If you are the intended recipient but do not wish to receive communications through this medium, please so advise the sender immediately.I-VIEW-IT HOLDINGS, INC.I-VIEW-IT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Conflict of Interest Disclosure FormFailure to comply may result in criminal and civil charges against youFriday, September 03, 2010Please accept and return signed the following Conflict of Interest Disclosure Form (COI) before continuing further with adjudication, review, dismissal, investigation or ANY other action in regard to the the attached GRAND JURY REQUEST FOR INCLUSION IN ONGOING Nineteenth Florida Grand jury and formal complaint requests for docketing and formal disposition with governor charlie crists office. This Conflict of Interest Disclosure Form designed to ensure that the review and any determinations from such review of the enclosed materials are not biased by any conflicting financial interest or any other conflicting interest by those reviewers responsible for the handling of this confidential information. Whereby any conflict with any of the main alleged perpetrators listed in the attached List of Parties of the alleged crimes referenced in these matters or any other perpetrators not know at this time must fully be disclosed and affirmed in writing and returned for review prior to any action on your part. Disclosure forms with Yes answers by any party to any of the following questions are demanded not to open the remainder of the documents or opine in any manner and instead forward the matters on to the next available reviewer that is free of conflict that can sign and complete the requisite disclosure. Please identify conflicts that you have in writing upon terminating your involvement in the matters. As many of these alleged perpetrators are large law firms, members of various state and federal courts and officers of federal, state and local law enforcement agencies, careful review and disclosure of any conflict with those named herein is pertinent in your continued handling of these matters. As these matters involve claims of, including but not limited to, conflicts, violations of public offices, interference with complaints in the Supreme Court of New York, coercion, document destruction, obstructions of justice, tampering with Federal Witnesses, RICO, ATTEMPTED MURDER, the need for prescreening for conflict is essential to the administration of due process in these matters to avoid further OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. Federal Judge Shira A. Scheindlin has legally related these matters to a Whistleblower Lawsuit who alleges similar claims of public office corruption against Supreme Court of New York personnel and possibly others. Please take this as a formal written request for full disclosure of any conflict on your part to any related matters known or unknown, such request conforming with all applicable state and federal laws, public office rules and regulations, attorney conduct codes and judicial canons or other international law and treatises requiring disclosure of conflicts and recusal from matters where conflict precludes involvement.Failure to comply with all applicable conflict disclosure rules, regulations and laws prior to continued action on your part will be cause for the filing of complaints against you for any decisions or actions you make prior to a signed Conflict Of Interest Disclosure Form with all applicable regulatory agencies. Complaints will be filed with all appropriate authorities, including but not limited to the appropriate, Federal, State, Local and International Law Enforcement Agencies, Public Integrity Officials, Judicial Conduct Officials, State and Federal Bar Associations, Disciplinary Departments and any/all other appropriate oversight agencies for failing to follow well established rules and regulations governing public office conflict, attorney conduct conflicts, judicial conduct and law.I. Do you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate have, any direct or indirect relations (relationships), or interest in any outside entity or any direct or indirect relations (relationships) to the parties listed in attached LIST OF PARTIES to the proceeding of the matters you are reviewing?_____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any identified conflicted parties on a separate and attached sheet. Fully disclose all information regarding the conflict. If the answer is YES, please describe the relations, relationships and / or interests and please affirm whether such presents a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind. Please indicate if you are seeking waiver of the conflict(s) or will be disqualifying from involvement in these matters.II. Do you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate have, any direct or indirect relations (relationships), or interest in any outside entity or any direct or indirect relations (relationships) to Any other known or unknown person or known or unknown entity not named herein that will cause your review of the complaint you are charged with investigating to be biased by any conflicting past, present, or future financial interest or any other interest(s)?_____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any identified conflicted parties on a separate and attached sheet. Fully disclose all information regarding the conflict. If the answer is YES, please describe the relations, relationships and / or interests and please affirm whether such presents a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind. Please indicate if you are seeking waiver of the conflict(s) or will be disqualifying from involvement in these matters.III. Do you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate, receive salary or other remuneration or financial considerations from any entity related to the enclosed parties to the proceeding of the matters including but not limited to campaign contributions whether direct, in kind or of any type at all?_____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any consideration(s) on a separate and attached sheet fully disclosing all information regarding the consideration(s). If the answer is Yes, please describe the relations, relationships and / or interests and please affirm whether such presents a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind. Please indicate if you are seeking waiver of the conflict(s) or will be disqualifying from involvement in these matters.IV. Have you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate, had any prior communication(s), including but not limited to, phone, facsimile, e-mail, mail, verbal, etc. with any person related to the proceeding of the Iviewit or related matters?_____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any identified communication(s) on a separate and attached sheet fully disclosing all information regarding the communication(s). If the answer is YES, please describe the communication(s) in detail, including but not limited to, who was present, what type of communication, the date and time, please affirm whether such communication(s) present a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind.V. I have run a thorough and exhaustive Conflict of Interest check to conform with any and all state, federal or local laws, public office rules and regulations, judicial cannons, attorney conduct codes and any other professional association rules and regulations regarding disclosure of any conflict(s) to verify that my spouse, my dependents, and I in the aggregate, have no conflict(s) with any parties to the matters referenced herein._____NO ____YESVI. I have notified all parties with any liabilities regarding my continued actions in these matters, including state auditors and agencies, insurance concerns or any other person with liability that may result from my actions in these matters._____NO ____YESLIST OF PARTIES Proskauer Rose, LLP; Alan S. Jaffe - Chairman Of The Board - (Jaffe); Kenneth Rubenstein - (Rubenstein); Robert Kafin - Managing Partner - (Kafin); Christopher C. Wheeler - (Wheeler); Steven C. Krane - (Krane); Stephen R. Kaye - (S. Kaye) and in his estate with New York Supreme Court Chief Judge Judith Kaye (J. Kaye); Matthew Triggs - (Triggs); Christopher Pruzaski - (Pruzaski); Mara Lerner Robbins - (Robbins); Donald Thompson - (Thompson); Gayle Coleman; David George; George A. Pincus; Gregg Reed; Leon Gold - (Gold); Albert Gortz - (Gortz); Marcy Hahn-Saperstein; Kevin J. Healy - (Healy); Stuart Kapp; Ronald F. Storette; Chris Wolf; Jill Zammas; FULL LIST OF 601 liable Proskauer Partners; any other John Doe (John Doe) Proskauer partner, affiliate, company, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Proskauer ROSE LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Proskauer related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; MELTZER, LIPPE, GOLDSTEIN, WOLF & SCHLISSEL, P.C.; Lewis Melzter - (Meltzer); Raymond Joao - (Joao); Frank Martinez - (Martinez); Kenneth Rubenstein - (Rubenstein); FULL LIST OF 34 Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C. liable Partners; any other John Doe (John Doe) Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C. partner, affiliate, company, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C.; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; FOLEY & LARDNER LLP; Ralf Boer (Boer); Michael Grebe (Grebe); Christopher Kise (Kise); William J. Dick - (Dick); Steven C. Becker - (Becker); Douglas Boehm - (Boehm); Barry Grossman - (Grossman); Jim Clark - (Clark); any other John Doe (John Doe) Foley & Lardner partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Foley & Lardner; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Foley & Lardner related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP; Richard Schiffrin - (Schiffrin); Andrew Barroway - (Barroway); Krishna Narine - (Narine); any other John Doe (John Doe) Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP; Norman Zafman - (Zafman); Thomas Coester - (Coester); Farzad Ahmini - (Ahmini); George Hoover - (Hoover); any other John Doe (John Doe) Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP; Martyn W. Molyneaux - (Molyneaux); Michael Dockterman - (Dockterman); FULL LIST OF 198 Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP liable Partners; any other John Doe (John Doe) Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Christopher & Weisberg, P.A.; Alan M. Weisberg - (Weisberg); any other John Doe (John Doe) Christopher & Weisberg, P.A. partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Christopher & Weisberg, P.A.; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Christopher & Weisberg, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; YAMAKAWA INTERNATIONAL PATENT OFFICE; Masaki Yamakawa - (Yamakawa); any other John Doe (John Doe) Yamakawa International Patent Office partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Yamakawa International Patent Office; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Yamakawa International Patent Office related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; GOLDSTEIN LEWIN & CO.; Donald J. Goldstein - (Goldstein); Gerald R. Lewin - (Lewin); Erika Lewin - (E. Lewin); Mark R. Gold; Paul Feuerberg; Salvatore Bochicchio; Marc H. List; David A. Katzman; Robert H. Garick; Robert C. Zeigen; Marc H. List; Lawrence A. Rosenblum; David A. Katzman; Brad N. Mciver; Robert Cini; any other John Doe (John Doe) Goldstein & Lewin Co. partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Goldstein & Lewin Co.; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Goldstein & Lewin Co. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; INTEL Corporation; Silicon Graphics Inc.; Lockheed Martin Corporation; Real 3D, Inc. (SILICON GRAPHICS, INC., LOCKHEED MARTIN & INTEL) & RYJO; Gerald Stanley - (Stanley); Ryan Huisman - (Huisman); RYJO - (RYJO); Tim Connolly - (Connolly); Steve Cochran; David Bolton; Rosalie Bibona - (Bibona); Connie Martin; Richard Gentner; Steven A. Behrens; Matt Johannsen; any other John Doe (John Doe) Intel, Real 3D, Inc. (Silicon Graphics, Inc., Lockheed Martin & Intel) & RYJO partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Intel, Real 3D, Inc. (Silicon Graphics, Inc., Lockheed Martin & Intel) & RYJO; Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Intel, Real 3D, Inc. (Silicon Graphics, Inc., Lockheed Martin & Intel) & RYJO related or affiliated entities, and any successor companies both individually and professionally; Tiedemann Investment Group; Bruce T. Prolow (Prolow); Carl Tiedemann (C. Tiedemann); Andrew Philip Chesler; Craig L. Smith; any other John Doe (John Doe) Tiedemann Investment Group partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Tiedemann Investment Group and any other Tiedemann Investment Group related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners; Stephen J. Warner - (Warner); Rene P. Eichenberger - (Eichenberger); H. Hickman Hank Powell - (Powell); Maurice Buchsbaum - (Buchsbaum); Eric Chen - (Chen); Avi Hersh; Matthew Shaw - (Shaw); Bruce W. Shewmaker - (Shewmaker); Ravi M. Ugale - (Ugale); any other John Doe (John Doe) Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners and any other Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; BROAD & CASSEL; James J. Wheeler - (J. Wheeler); Kelly Overstreet Johnson - (Johnson); any other John Doe (John Doe) Broad & Cassell partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Broad & Cassell and any other Broad & Cassell related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; FORMER IVIEWIT MANAGEMENT & BOARD; Brian G. Utley/Proskauer Referred Management - (Utley); Raymond Hersh - (Hersh)/; Michael Reale - (Reale)/Proskauer Referred Management; Rubenstein/Proskauer Rose Shareholder in Iviewit - Advisory Board; Wheeler/Proskauer Rose Shareholder in Iviewit - Advisory Board; Dick/Foley & Lardner - Advisory Board, Boehm/Foley & Lardner - Advisory Board; Becker/Foley & Lardner; Advisory Board; Joao/Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolfe & Schlissel - Advisory Board; Kane/Goldman Sachs - Board Director; Lewin/Goldstein Lewin - Board Director; Ross Miller, Esq. (Miller), Prolow/Tiedemann Prolow II - Board Director; Powell/Crossbow Ventures/Proskauer Referred Investor - Board Director; Maurice Buchsbaum - Board Director; Stephen Warner - Board Director; Simon L. Bernstein  Board Director (S. Bernstein); any other John Doe (John Doe) Former Iviewit Management & Board partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Former Iviewit Management & Board and any other Former Iviewit Management & Board related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT - WEST PALM BEACH FLORIDA; Judge Jorge LABARGA - (Labarga); any other John Doe (John Doe) FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT - WEST PALM BEACH FLORIDA staff, known or not known to have been involved at the time. Hereinafter, collectively referred to as (15C); THE SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION: FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT, DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE; Thomas Cahill - (Cahill); Joseph Wigley - (Wigley); Steven Krane, any other John Doe (John Doe) of THE SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION: FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT, DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE staff, known or not known to have been involved at the time; THE FLORIDA BAR; Lorraine Christine Hoffman - (Hoffman); Eric Turner - (Turner); Kenneth Marvin - (Marvin); Anthony Boggs - (Boggs); Joy A. Bartmon - (Bartmon); Kelly Overstreet Johnson - (Johnson); Jerald Beer - (Beer); Matthew Triggs; Christopher or James Wheeler; any other John Doe (John Doe) The Florida Bar staff, known or not known to have been involved at the time; MPEGLA, LLC.  Kenneth Rubenstein, Patent Evaluator; Licensors and Licensees, please visit www.mpegla.com for a complete list; Columbia University; Fujitsu Limited; General Instrument Corp; Lucent Technologies Inc.; Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.; Mitsubishi Electric Corp.; Philips Electronics N.V. (Philips); Scientific Atlanta, Inc.; Sony Corp. (Sony); EXTENDED LIST OF MPEGLA LICENSEES AND LICENSORS; any other John Doe MPEGLA, LLC. Partner, Associate, Engineer, Of Counsel or Employee; any other John Doe (John Doe) MPEGLA, LLC partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to MPEGLA, LLC and any other MPEGLA, LLC related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; DVD6C LICENSING GROUP - Licensors and Licensees, please visit www.mpegla.com for a complete list; Toshiba Corporation; Hitachi, Ltd.; Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd.; Mitsubishi Electric Corporation; Time Warner Inc.; Victor Company Of Japan, Ltd.; EXTENDED DVD6C DEFENDANTS; any other John Doe DVD6C LICENSING GROUP Partner, Associate, Engineer, Of Counsel or Employee; any other John Doe (John Doe) DVD6C LICENSING GROUP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to DVD6C LICENSING GROUP and any other DVD6C LICENSING GROUP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Harrison Goodard Foote incorporating Brewer & Son; Martyn Molyneaux, Esq. (Molyneaux); Any other John Doe (John Doe) Harrison Goodard Foote (incorporating Brewer & Son) partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Harrison Goodard Goote incorporating Brewer & Son and any other related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Lawrence DiGiovanna, Chairman of the Grievance Committee of the Second Judicial Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee;  James E. Peltzer, Clerk of the Court of the Appellate Division, Supreme Court of the State of New York, Second Judicial Department; Diana Kearse, Chief Counsel to the Grievance Committee of the Second Judicial Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee;  Houston & Shahady, P.A., any other John Doe (John Doe) Houston & Shahady, P.A., affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Houston & Shahady, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Furr & Cohen, P.A. any other John Doe (John Doe) Furr & Cohen, P.A., affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Furr & Cohen, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Moskowitz, Mandell, Salim & Simowitz, P.A., any other John Doe (John Doe) Moskowitz, Mandell, Salim & Simowitz, P.A., affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Moskowitz, Mandell, Salim & Simowitz, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and any other related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Sachs Saxs & Klein, PA any other John Doe (John Doe) Sachs Saxs & Klein, PA, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Sachs Saxs & Klein, PA related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Huizenga Holdings Incorporated any other John Doe (John Doe) Huizenga Holdings Incorporated affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Huizenga Holdings Incorporated related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Judge Martin Glenn, New York Southern District Bankruptcy; Judge Shira A. Scheindlin; Davis Polk & Wardell; Ropes & Gray LLP; Sullivan & Cromwell LLP; Eliot I. Bernstein, (Bernstein) a resident of the State of California, and former President (Acting) of Iviewit Holdings, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries and the founder of Iviewit and principal inventor of its technology; P. Stephen Lamont, (Lamont) a resident of the State of New York, and former Chief Executive Officer (Acting) of Iviewit Holdings, Inc. and all of its affiliates and subsidiaries; Andrew Cuomo in his official and individual capacities, Justice Richard C. Wesley in his official and individual capacities, Justice Peter W. Hall in his official and individual capacities, Justice Debra Ann Livingston in her official and individual capacities, Justice Ralph K. Winter in his official and individual capacities Justice Shira A. Scheindlin in her official and individual capacities, Alan Friedberg in his official and individual capacities, Roy Reardon in his official and individual capacities, Judge Martin Glenn in his official and individual capacities, Warner Bros. Entertainment, Time Warner Communications, AOL Inc., Sony Corporation, Ropes & Gray, Stanford Financial Group, Bernard L. Madoff et al. Marc S. Dreier, Sony Corporation, Ernst & Young, Arthur Andersen, SKULL AND BONES;  The Russell Trust Co.;  Yale Law School; Council on Foreign Relations; The Bilderberg Group; The Federalist Society; The Bradley Foundation; The Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation; Trilaterals Freemasonry, Please include in the COI check the defendants and any other parties in the legally related cases in New York District Court Southern District of New York to Docket No 07cv09599 Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT, including but not limited to;A. United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit 08-4873-cv B. (07cv11196) Bernstein et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. - TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUIT Defendants, in addition to those already listed herein, include but are not limited to; STATE OF NEW YORK; THE OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION OF THE UNIFIED COURT SYSTEM; STEVEN C. KRANE in his official and individual Capacities for the New York State Bar Association and the Appellate Division First Department Departmental disciplinary Committee, and, his professional and individual capacities as a Proskauer partner; ESTATE OF STEPHEN KAYE, in his professional and individual capacities; MATTHEW M. TRIGGS in his official and individual capacity for The Florida Bar and his professional and individual capacities as a partner of Proskauer; JON A. BAUMGARTEN, in his professional and individual capacities; SCOTT P. COOPER, in his professional and individual capacities; BRENDAN J. OROURKE, in his professional and individual capacities; LAWRENCE I. WEINSTEIN, in his professional and individual capacities; WILLIAM M. HART, in his professional and individual capacities; DARYN A. GROSSMAN, in his professional and individual capacities; JOSEPH A. CAPRARO JR., in his professional and individual capacities; JAMES H. SHALEK; in his professional and individual capacities; GREGORY MASHBERG, in his professional and individual capacities; JOANNA SMITH, in her professional and individual capacities; TODD C. NORBITZ, in his professional and individual capacities; ANNE SEKEL, in his professional and individual capacities; JIM CLARK, in his professional and individual capacities; STATE OF FLORIDA, OFFICE OF THE STATE COURTS ADMINISTRATOR, FLORIDA; FLORIDA SUPREME COURT; HON. CHARLES T. WELLS, in his official and individual capacities; HON. HARRY LEE ANSTEAD, in his official and individual capacities; HON. R. FRED LEWIS, in his official and individual capacities; HON. PEGGY A. QUINCE, in his official and individual capacities; HON. KENNETH B. BELL, in his official and individual capacities; THOMAS HALL, in his official and individual capacities; DEBORAH YARBOROUGH in her official and individual capacities; DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL REGULATION  FLORIDA; CITY OF BOCA RATON, FLA.; ROBERT FLECHAUS in his official and individual capacities; ANDREW SCOTT in his official and individual capacities; PAUL CURRAN in his official and individual capacities; MARTIN R. GOLD in his official and individual capacities; SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION FIRST DEPARTMENT; CATHERINE OHAGEN WOLFE in her official and individual capacities; HON. ANGELA M. MAZZARELLI in her official and individual capacities; HON. RICHARD T. ANDRIAS in his official and individual capacities; HON. DAVID B. SAXE in his official and individual capacities; HON. DAVID FRIEDMAN in his official and individual capacities;  HON. LUIZ A. GONZALES in his official and individual capacities;  SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT;  SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND DEPARTMENT DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE; HON. A. GAIL PRUDENTI in her official and individual capacities; HON. JUDITH S. KAYE in her official and individual capacities; STATE OF NEW YORK COMMISSION OF INVESTIGATION; ANTHONY CARTUSCIELLO in his official and individual capacities; LAWYERS FUND FOR CLIENT PROTECTION OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK;  OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK; ELIOT SPITZER in his official and individual capacities, as both former Attorney General for the State of New York, and, as former Governor of the State of New York; COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA; VIRGINIA STATE BAR; ANDREW H. GOODMAN in his official and individual capacities; NOEL SENGEL in her official and individual capacities; MARY W. MARTELINO in her official and individual capacities; LIZBETH L. MILLER, in her official and individual capacities; MPEGLA LLC; LAWRENCE HORN, in his professional and individual capacities; INTEL CORP.; LARRY PALLEY, in his professional and individual capacities; SILICON GRAPHICS, INC.;  LOCKHEED MARTIN Corp; EUROPEAN PATENT OFFICE; ALAIN POMPIDOU in his official and individual capacities; WIM VAN DER EIJK in his official and individual capacities; LISE DYBDAHL in her official and personal capacities; DIGITAL INTERACTIVE STREAMS, INC.;  ROYAL OBRIEN, in his professional and individual capacities; HUIZENGA HOLDINGS INCORPORATED, WAYNE HUIZENGA, in his professional and individual capacities; WAYNE HUIZENGA, JR., in his professional and individual capacities; BART A. HOUSTON, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities; BRADLEY S. SCHRAIBERG, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities; WILLIAM G. SALIM, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities; BEN ZUCKERMAN, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities; SPENCER M. SAX, in his professional and individual capacities; ALBERTO GONZALES in his official and individual capacities; JOHNNIE E. FRAZIER in his official and individual capacities; IVIEWIT, INC., a Florida corporation; IVIEWIT, INC., a Delaware corporation; IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Uview.com, Inc.); UVIEW.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation; IVIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Iviewit Holdings, Inc.); IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Florida corporation; IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Florida corporation; I.C., INC., a Florida corporation; IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation; IVIEWIT.COM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; IVIEWIT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; IVIEWIT CORPORATION, a Florida corporation; IBM CORPORATION;C. Other Cases @ US District Court - Southern District NY 07cv09599 Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT; 07cv11196 Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.; 07cv11612 Esposito v The State of New York, et al.; 08cv00526 Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.; 08cv02391 McKeown v The State of New York, et al.; 08cv02852 Galison v The State of New York, et al.; 08cv03305 Carvel v The State of New York, et al.;  08cv4053 Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al.; 08cv4438 Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al.; 08cv6368 John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New York Relevant Sections of Judicial Cannons, Attorney Conduct Codes and Law[1]Conflict of interest indicates a situation where a private interest may influence a public decision. Conflict of Interest Laws are laws and regulations designed to prevent conflicts of interest. These laws may contain provisions related to financial or asset disclosure, exploitation of ones official position and privileges, regulation of campaign practices, etc.New York State Consolidated Laws PenalARTICLE 200 BRIBERY INVOLVING PUBLIC SERVANTS AND RELATED OFFENSESS 200.03 Bribery in the second degreeS 200.04 Bribery in the first degreeS 200.05 Bribery; defenseS 200.10 Bribe receiving in the third degreeS 200.11 Bribe receiving in the second degreeS 200.12 Bribe receiving in the first degreeS 200.15 Bribe receiving; no defenseS 200.20 Rewarding official misconduct in the second degreeS 200.22 Rewarding official misconduct in the first degree S 200.25 Receiving reward for official misconduct in the second degreeS 200.27 Receiving reward for official misconduct in the first degreeS 200.30 Giving unlawful gratuitiesS 200.35 Receiving unlawful gratuitiesS 200.40 Bribe giving and bribe receiving for public office; definition of termS 200.45 Bribe giving for public officeS 200.50 Bribe receiving for public officeARTICLE 175 OFFENSES INVOLVING FALSE WRITTEN STATEMENTSS 175.05 Falsifying business records in the second degree. S 175.10 Falsifying business records in the first degree.S 175.15 Falsifying business records; defenseS 175.20 Tampering with public records in the second degreeS 175.25 Tampering with public records in the first degree S 175.30 Offering a false instrument for filing in the second degreeS 175.35 Offering a false instrument for filing in the first degreeNY Constitution ARTICLE XIII Public OfficersPublic Officers - Public Officers ARTICLE 1ARTICLE 2 Appointment and Qualification of Public Officers - ARTICLE 15 ATTORNEYS AND COUNSELORSS 468-b. Clients` security fund of the state of New YorkS 476-a. Action for unlawful practice of the lawS 476-b. Injunction to restrain defendant from unlawful practice of the lawS 476-c. Investigation by the attorney-generalS 487. Misconduct by attorneysS 488. Buying demands on which to bring an action.Public Officers Law SEC 73 Restrictions on the Activities Of Current and Former State Officers and EmployeesPublic Officers Law SEC 74 Code of EthicsConflicts of Interest Law, found in Chapter 68 of the New York City Charter, the Citys Financial Disclosure Law, set forth in section 12-110 of the New York City Administrative Code, and the Lobbyist Gift Law, found in sections 3-224 through 3-228 of the Administrative Code.TITLE 18 FEDERAL CODE & OTHER APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAWTITLE 18 PART I CH 11Sec. 201. Bribery of public officials and witnessesSec. 225. - Continuing financial crimes enterpriseBRIBERY, GRAFT, AND CONFLICTS OF INTERESTSec. 205. - Activities of officers and employees in claims against and other matters affecting the GovernmentSec. 208. - Acts affecting a personal financial interestSec. 210. - Offer to procure appointive public officeSec. 225. - Continuing financial crimes enterpriseTITLE 18 PART I CH 79 Sec 1623 - False declarations before grand jury or courtSec 654 - Officer or employee of United States converting property of anotherTITLE 18 PART I CH 73 Sec 1511 - Obstruction of State or local law enforcementTITLE 18 PART I CH 96 Sec 1961 RACKETEER INFLUENCED AND CORRUPT Organizations (RICO)Section 1503 (relating to obstruction of justice),Section 1510 (relating to obstruction of criminal investigations)Section 1511 (relating to the obstruction of State or local law enforcement),Section 1952 (relating to racketeering), Section 1957 (relating to engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specified unlawful activity),TITLE 18 PART I CH 96 SEC 1962 (A) RICOTITLE 18 PART I CH 96 SEC 1962 (B) RICOTITLE 18 PART I CH 96 SEC 1962 (C) RICOtitle 18 part i ch 19 sec 1962 (d) RICOTITLE 18 PART I CH 19 CONSPIRACY Sec 371 CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT OFFENSE OR TO DEFRAUD UNITED STATESTITLE 18 PART I CH 95 RACKETEERING SEC 1957 Engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specified unlawful activityTITLE 18 PART I CH 47 Sec 1031 - Major fraud against the United StatesJudicial CannonsCanon 1. A Judge Should Uphold the Integrity and Independence of the Judiciary [1.1] Deference to the judgments and rulings of courts depends upon public confidence in the integrity and independence of judges. The integrity and independence of judges depends in turn upon their acting without fear or favor. Although judges should be independent, they must comply with the law, including the provisions of this Code. Public confidence in the impartiality of the judiciary is maintained by the adherence of each judge to this responsibility. Conversely, violation of this Code diminishes public confidence in the judiciary and thereby does injury to the system of government under law.Canon 2. A Judge Should Avoid Impropriety and the Appearance of Impropriety in All Activities(A) A judge shall respect and comply with the law and shall act at all times in a manner that promotes public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of the judiciary.[2.2][2A] The prohibition against behaving with impropriety or the appearance of impropriety applies to both the professional and personal conduct of a judge. Because it is not practicable to list all prohibited acts, the proscription is necessarily cast in general terms that extend to conduct by judges that is harmful although not specifically mentioned in the Code. Actual improprieties under this standard include violations of law, court rules or other specific provisions of this Code. The test for appearance of impropriety is whether the conduct would create in reasonable minds a perception that the judges ability to carry out judicial responsibilities with integrity, impartiality and competence is impaired.Canon 3. A Judge Should Perform the Duties of the Office Impartially and Diligently(B) Adjudicative responsibilities.(l) A judge shall be faithful to the law and maintain professional competence in it. A judge shall not be swayed by partisan interests, public clamor or fear of criticism.(2) A judge shall require order and decorum in proceedings before the judge.(D) Disciplinary responsibilities.(1) A judge who receives information indicating a substantial likelihood that another judge has committed a substantial violation of this Part shall take appropriate action.(2) A judge who receives information indicating a substantial likelihood that a lawyer has committed a substantial violation of the Code of Professional Responsibility shall take appropriate action.(3) Acts of a judge in the discharge of disciplinary responsibilities are part of a judges judicial duties.(E) Disqualification.(1) A judge shall disqualify himself or herself in a proceeding in which the judges impartiality might reasonably be questioned[3.11][3B(6)(e)] A judge may delegate the responsibilities of the judge under Canon 3B(6) to a member of the judges staff. A judge must make reasonable efforts, including the provision of appropriate supervision, to ensure that Section 3B(6) is not violated through law clerks or other personnel on the judges staff. This provision does not prohibit the judge or the judges law clerk from informing all parties individually of scheduling or administrative decisions.[3.21][3E(1)] Under this rule, a judge is disqualified whenever the judges impartiality might reasonably be questioned, regardless whether any of the specific rules in Section 3E(1) apply. For example, if a judge were in the process of negotiating for employment with a law firm, the judge would be disqualified from any matters in which that firm appeared, unless the disqualification was waived by the parties after disclosure by the judge. [3.22][3E(1)] A judge should disclose on the record information that the judge believes the parties or their lawyers might consider relevant to the question of disqualification, even if the judge believes there is no real basis for disqualification.Canon 4. A Judge May Engage in Extra-Judicial Activities To Improve the Law, the Legal System, and the Administration of Justice Canon 5. A Judge Should Regulate Extra-Judicial Activities To Minimize the Risk of Conflict with Judicial Duties Public Office Conduct Codes New YorkPUBLIC OFFICERS LAW Laws 1909, Chap. 51.CHAPTER 47 OF THE CONSOLIDATED LAWS PUBLIC OFFICERS LAWSec. 17. Defense and indemnification of state officers and employees.2 (b)Sec. 18. Defense and indemnification of officers and employees of public entities.3 (b)Sec. 74. Code of ethics.(2)(3)(4) 73. Business or professional activities by state officers and employees and party officers.NY Attorney Conduct Code(a) Differing interests include every interest that will adversely affect either the judgment or the loyalty of a lawyer to a client, whether it be a conflicting, inconsistent, diverse, or other interest.CANON 5. A Lawyer Should Exercise Independent Professional Judgment on Behalf of a ClientDR 5-101 [1200.20] Conflicts of Interest - Lawyers Own Interests.DR 5-102 [1200.21] Lawyers as Witnesses.DR 5-103 [1200.22] Avoiding Acquisition of Interest in Litigation.DR 5-104 [1200.23] Transactions Between Lawyer and Client.DR 5-105 [1200.24] Conflict of Interest; Simultaneous Representation.DR 5-108 [1200.27] Conflict of Interest - Former Client.CANON 6. A Lawyer Should Represent a Client CompetentlyCANON 7. A Lawyer Should Represent a Client Zealously Within the Bounds of the LawDR 7-102 [1200.33] Representing a Client Within the Bounds of the Law.DR 7-110 [1200.41] Contact with Officials.DR 8-101 [1200.42] Action as a Public Official.DR 8-103 [1200.44] Lawyer Candidate for Judicial Office.A. A lawyer who is a candidate for judicial office shall comply with section 100.5 of the Chief Administrators Rules Governing Judicial Conduct (22 NYCRR) and Canon 5 of the Code of Judicial Conduct.CANON 9. A Lawyer Should Avoid Even the Appearance of Professional ImproprietyDR 9-101 [1200.45] Avoiding Even the Appearance of Impropriety.I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing statements in this CONFLICT OF INTEREST DISCLOSURE FORM are true and correct. Executed on this ____ day of _______20__. I am aware that any false, fictitious, or fraudulent statements or claims will subject me to criminal, civil, or administrative penalties, including possible culpability in the RICO related crimes including the alleged attempted murder of the inventor Eliot Bernstein and his wife and children in a car-bombing attempt on their lives. I agree to accept responsibility for the unbiased review, and presentation of findings to the appropriate party(ies) who also have executed this CONFLICT OF INTEREST DISCLOSURE FORM. A lack of signature will serve as evidence that I have accepted this document with conflict in the event that I continue to represent the matters without signing such COI first and will be an admission of such conflict(s).Organization  GRAND JURY REQUEST FOR INCLUSION IN ONGOING Nineteenth Florida Grand jury and formal complaint requests for docketing and formal disposition with governor charlie crists office.Print Name & Title______________________________________________________________________Signature ____________________________________________ Date________/_________/__________ If you are unable to sign this COI and are therefore unable to continue further to pursue these matters, please attach a statement of whom we may contact as your replacement, a copy can be sent to iviewit@iviewit.tv or the mailing address below:Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DL Uview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tvCONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:This message and any attachments are covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. SS 2510-2521. This message intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message or call (561) 245-8588. If you are the intended recipient but do not wish to receive communications through this medium, please so advise the sender immediately.[1] The Relevant Sections are merely a benchmark guide and other state, federal and international laws may be applicable to your particular circumstances in reviewing or acting in these matters. For a more complete list of applicable sections of law relating to these matters please visit http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/oneofthesedays/index.htm#_Toc107852933 Tags: Add new tag, allen stanford, Andrew Cuomo, barroway, bernard madoff, crossbow ventures, crystal cox, eliot bernstein, eric holder, expose corrupt courts, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, ownership, patent, patentgate, person, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, theft, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, United States Patent & Trademark Office, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernstein, Guest on Dick Woelfles We the People TV on Network 125 Television @  http://wethepeopletv.com.  Discussion of Intel, SGI, Lockheed, AOL, Time Warner, IBM. Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner involvement in Federal RICO and Antitrust Lawsuit legally related to NY Supreme Court Whistleblower Christine Anderson lawsuit and more coming soonAugust 24th, 2010 From: Eliot Ivan Bernstein [mailto:iviewit@iviewit.tv]Sent: Monday, August 23, 2010 11:46 AMTo: Subject: Eliot Bernstein, Guest on Dick Woelfles We the People TV on Network 125 Television, Part 1 the Inventionshttp://wethepeopletv.comEliot Bernstein, Guest on Dick Woelfles We the People TV on Network 125 Television, Part 1, the inventions. From Video circumcision to video technologies that changed the world. More to come soon. Sign up to Network 125 tv and for 5 bucks you can watch tv on hundreds of stations on the internet or connected to your tv. Network 125 now delivering 2 million videos per month.www.tvandvideoguide.comwww.actorsmodelssingers.comwww.Support125.comwww.BBoomersTV.comwww.channel125.com www.network125.com  www.channellivetv.comwww.HotRadio125.com, FitAndSexyTV www.Sports125.comwww.Combat-TV.comEliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DL (yes, two identically named)Iviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUviewit Holdings, Inc. - DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvhttp://www.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.html http://www.enddiscriminationnow.comhttp://www.corruptcourts.orghttp://www.changecourtsnow.comhttp://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comhttp://www.parentadvocates.orghttp://www.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.comhttp://cuomotarp.blogspot.comhttp://www.disbarthefloridabar.com http://www.VoteForGreg.us Greg Fischerhttp://www.liberty-candidates.org/greg-fischer/http://www.facebook.com/pages/Vote-For-Greg/111952178833067http://www.killallthelawyers.ws/law (The Shakespearean Solution) Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Steven C. Krane of Proskauer Rose LLP lawfirm obituary, lackey to Judith Judenraut Kaye former Chief Judge of New York.  GOOD RIDDANCE KRANE FROM IVIEWIT & ELIOT BERNSTEINAugust 9th, 2010 Could not have said this better as to what a piece of crap Krane was to the US, a fascist Nazi Judenraut pig! Go Nando.http://thirdtierreality.blogspot.com/2010/08/profiles-in-human-waste-biglaw-shill.htmlTHIRD TIER REALITYMy goal is to inform potential law school students and applicants of the ugly realities of attending law school. DO NOT ATTEND UNLESS: (1) YOU GET INTO A TOP 8 LAW SCHOOL; (2) YOU GET A FULL-TUITION SCHOLARSHIP TO ATTEND; (3) YOU HAVE EMPLOYMENT AS AN ATTORNEY SECURED THROUGH A RELATIVE OR CLOSE FRIEND; OR (4) YOU ARE FULLY AWARE BEFOREHAND THAT YOUR HUGE INVESTMENT IN TIME, ENERGY, AND MONEY DOES NOT, IN ANY WAY, GUARANTEE A JOB AS AN ATTORNEY OR IN THE LEGAL INDUSTRY.Saturday, August 7, 2010Profiles in Human Waste: ABA Hitman Steven C. KraneOn August 5, 2008, the ABA Standing Committee on Ethics and Professional Responsibility issued Formal Opinion 08-451, i.e. the infamous Outsourcing Opinion. This placed the ABAs stamp of approval on U.S. law firms hiring foreign lawyers and non-lawyers for American legal discovery. Here is the text of that dastardly opinion:http://www.aapipara.org/File/Main%20Page/ABA%20Outsourcing%20Opinion.pdf There is some good news: the chair of this committee, Steven C. Krane of New York  an expert on legal ethics  recently died of a heart attack, at age 53. You talk about poetic justice! This could not have happened to a better person. After all, he financially killed THOUSANDS of American JDs, who otherwise could have paid their bills and student loans with doc review gigs.Article Law.com Krane Dies SuddenlySteven C. Krane, the general counsel of Proskauer Rose and a former state bar president who was instrumental in a wide-ranging reformulation of the states attorney ethics rules, died of a heart attack Tuesday. He was 53. Mr. Krane collapsed at the conclusion of a business lunch at a restaurant near Proskauers office at 47th Street and Broadway. He was pronounced dead at Roosevelt Hospital at 2:19 p.m. We can see that Porky allowed his arteries to become clogged. (I suppose all the time he spent on screwing working-class lawyers and their families, and covering up for high-dollar, corporate criminals did not permit this porker to exercise. Hence, his health declined to the point where he died of a heart attack, at age 53.) I am sure his business lunch cost more than many of us slap down for two weeks worth of groceries.http://www.ethicscomplaint.com/2009/12/steven-c-krane-esq-proskaur-rose.html For an interesting read on the workings of Krane and Co. at Proskauer Rose LLP, check out the link above. If the allegations are true, then this is a stinging indictment against this man, his firm, and the New York judicial system.http://www.abanow.org/2010/06/statement-of-aba-president-carolyn-b-lamm-on-death-of-proskauer-roses-steven-krane/ And how can we complete this entry, without providing the link to ABA president Carolyn Lamms truly EMBARRASSING hagiography of Krane? [Disclaimer: Do not read this garbage if you have recently eaten anything  especially a business lunch.]The legal profession has lost one of its shining stars.Hopefully, you are not eating right now. The New York State Bar Association renamed a fund, to honor this (massive) waste of space, i.e. NEWLY RENAMED STEVEN C. KRANE FUND TO ASSIST YOUNG LAWYERS WORKING IN PUBLIC SERVICE WITH PAYING STUDENT LOANS. Did this influential porker EVER advocate for lower tuition?! Did he ever push to make student loans dischargeable in bankruptcy?!?! Apparently, Krane held significant concern about the plight of recent, debt-soaked law grads working in public service positions - all while helping his corporate firm earn $643 million in revenues for 2009. (And thoughts/concerns speak louder than actions, right?!?!) What a Renaissance man! http://readme.readmedia.com/State-Bar-Mourns-Passing-of-Past-President-Steven-C-Krane/1505066 Fatty served on several ABA and New York State commissions, including an appointment by that shining beacon of integrity, David A. Paterson, to the New York State Commission on Public Integrity  whatever the hell that is.In the final, brutal analysis, anyone who crushes the livelihoods for THOUSANDS of professionals - with a few keystrokes - is NOT deserving of one ounce of respect or one iota of sympathy. This fat pig made a lot of money by squashing little people, and protecting white collar scum.Burn in hell for eternity, you piece of trash. Do not shed a single tear for this man. He devoted his entire professional life to screwing people over a wooden crate. It doesnt matter that Krane has been in a wooden coat for less than 2 months. (On a positive note, at least the worms and crickets will be able to feast on his large remains for quite some time.)http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proskauer_Rose Steven C. Krane, general counsel for Proskauer Rose, was a brilliant lawyer, wonderful leader and good friend to so many in the American Bar Association.Steven also was one of the nations foremost experts in the field of ethics and professional responsibility and was a model in those areas in his daily life. I was honored to have him serve on my Commission on Ethics 20/20, designed to look at the U.S. system of lawyer regulation in the context of advances in technology and global legal practice developments.New York State Bar Article on Fat BastardPosted by Nando at 8:16 PM 22 comments:Scammed Hard! saidDelightfully brutal as always, Nando. I think you hit the nail on the head with this one: Anyone who crushes the livelihoods for THOUSANDS of professionals - with a few keystrokes - is NOT deserving of one ounce of respect or one iota of sympathy.People like this guy will be remembered for selling out the many for the sake of the few, for accelerating the overall decline of the legal industry, and seeing thousands of attorney jobs shipped overseas. Hows that for ethics!August 7, 2010 8:44 PM  Anonymous saidI actually think nando went easy on this worthless, corrupt piece of shit.August 7, 2010 9:04 PM  Anonymous saidNo need to beat a dead horse Nando. If Krane had not authored the ethics opinion, someone else would have. Let the man rest in peace. I mean if you had to live a life looking like Steven Krane, you would want a brief life too. I hope he wasnt buried wearing that awful looking tie (with the caribou and girafe pattern-I actually saw this tie on sale at Marshalls a few years ago for $5).The ABA is not interested in advancing the interests of law students or shitlaw solos. Every week I open my jurisdictions law journal and read about a young attorney who is being disciplined by the bar for stupid shit (e.g., putting trust monies in business accounts, not communicating with clients within 24 hours, not having retainer agreements, etc.). Only the principals at Biglaw can lie, cheat and steal from their clients without fear of repercussion. However, if you are a solo and God forbid you pocketed 10 cents by accident from your attorney trust account-automatic disbarment. Lifes not fair despite Kranes early demise. Krane is not the enemy. He was merely a minion of the ABA/Biglaw lobby.August 7, 2010 10:44 PM  AJ saidWhy cant the legal profession abide by universal ethics? Why must they make their own rules and then claim morality by only abiding by those specific rules? Just shows that the purpose of the law is to protect those in power.August 8, 2010 5:02 AM  Anonymous saidAge 53 is a very young age. I think this goes to show that we, as lawyers, shouldnt take this law stuff too seriously. Life is so short.When it comes down to it, the law is really just a bunch of chatter between us human beings.Some people treat the law as something to sacrifice their life, family, and spouses for. However, we need to keep in mind that far more matters than the law.August 8, 2010 7:50 AM  Anonymous saidABA ARTICLEABA ARTICLE 2August 8, 2010 8:27 AM  Tyson saidI think the problem is that there are not enough lawyers. We need more lawyers because only other lawyers understand what us lawyers actually do. Nobody else in our society truly understands how valuable we are and how hard *most* of us really work.Also, hiring lawyers is not that costly. It is only costly for people without money. Actually, legal services of $400/hr for an army of lawyers is fairly cheap for a corporation when considering that they handle multi-million dollar transactions.There are great complexities in our capitalist society and only lawyers have the acumen to figure them out.August 8, 2010 8:38 AM Anonymous saidScrewing over the little fish is never acceptable. Fuck Steven Krane, though we should pray the Lord has mercy on him for even the worst sinner may gain salvation.August 8, 2010 9:24 AM Anonymous saidNando you are nothing more than a hack. You could actually write a legitimate blog with legitimate journalism techniques to actually shed light on what is going on in the industry instead you cut and past nearly every article on here and seemingly just substitute different numbers for tuition and different names of the school along with a picture of a different overflowing toilet/sewer system. And now you are dancing on the graves of those who have passed.Yes, the market is terrible and yes, there are many people to blame for this, but your efforts are nothing more than self-promotion.August 8, 2010 11:30 AM Tyson saidMYTH: If a job isnt on the internet, then it doesnt exist.TRUTH: Law firms do not usually like to post hiring activities on the internet because it makes a law firm look unstable, unattractive, weak, and understaffed. Instead, firms like to hire discreetly. Firms also like to hire people they personally know already and like to find that perfect fit - something a firm cant really assess by electronic applications.SOLUTION: Get your butt out there and get to know some people!TIP: Grades and school rank matter a whole lot less than how you work in a team, and how likely you are to positively represent the firm as a whole. Grades are a factor, but so are MANY other factors in landing a MUTUAL business relationship.August 8, 2010 1:58 PM Anonymous saidIf trying to become a lawyer isnt worth it to people (considering previous investment, job prospects, hassle, etc.) then dont be a lawyer!If you failed to adequately research job prospects BEFORE you entered law school, then thats the individuals mistake for relying too much on one single statistic. You should have thought about that BEFORE you entered law school. Now live with it your error.August 8, 2010 2:23 PM Nando saidTyson, how are things in Gaithersburg, MD, and Washington, DC? Why do you bother posting the same mindless drivel on this blog?To wit:There are great complexities in our capitalist society and only lawyers have the acumen to figure them out.Also, did you mean to say, There are great disparities of wealth in our capitalist society? Thanks for the update, by the way. I didnt realize that until you pointed it out. Regarding your belief that only lawyers can figure them out is arrogant, preposterous and silly. (Are you being deliberately dense? This is an act, right?)As a self-admitted third year law student, what practical career advice do you have for the readers of this blog  other than get your butt out there and get to know some people? By the way, genius, PLENTY of law students have done exactly this, and are still unemployed. What is your excuse/explanation for this situation? Do these JDs suffer from poor hygiene, or poor social skills?! COULD IT BE THAT THERE REALLY ARE TOO MANY JDs FOR THE AVAILABLE NUMBER OF ATTORNEY POSITIONS?!?!Also, why the over-reliance on straw men? Did anyone here state that if a job isnt on the internet, it doesnt exist? (Such jobs exist, and are posted internally. Good luck to the recent law grad who thinks he will be a candidate for such a position.)To the tool at 11:30,Steven Charles Krane devoted his entire professional life to crushing little people. This blog is backed up by the facts. I apologize if the harsh tone of this site offends your sensibilities. Perhaps, you should not visit this site, if it is not to your liking. You dont think this portly man ever giggled himself silly, thinking about all those he screwed over?You are correct, in that I dont give a damn if Kranes carcass has been in the ground for not quite 2 months. It is called schadenfruede. Look it up. (Should I feel sympathy for a serial rapist who dies in a shootout with police? If someone deliberately burns my house down, and then dies in a bus crash 2 years later, should I wait for an appropriate amount of time to pass before casting stones at the scoundrel?)If you want to mourn this mans passing, you are free to do so. However, DO NOT expect recent JDs and attorneys to share in that sentiment. Maybe, you can make a donation to the Steven C. Krane Fund, so you can help public interest lawyers pay back their student loans. Or, perhaps, you can toast his memory at your next business lunch.August 8, 2010 2:56 PM Anonymous saidhttp://nylaw.typepad.com/new_york_civil_law/2007/10/the-state-comis.html Looks like the big guy was under investigation for patent fraud. A natural choice to head up ABA and NYSBA ethics commissions.Wonder why Steven Krane was one of the guys who was elected for Judys post but he would have been nuts to take it as this would have been the first issue in his campaign. Krane who violates ethics, while acting under ethics titles, is sweating, and he needs to, as the matters of Iviewit were recently forwarded by John Dingell, Chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee to the House Judiciary Committee where it is now under review.August 8, 2010 3:24 PM tyson said@ Nando: COULD IT BE THAT THERE REALLY ARE TOO MANY JDs FOR THE AVAILABLE NUMBER OF ATTORNEY POSITIONS?!?!If a firm or company wants you because of your value (brains, personality, real world experiences), then *poof* a position will appear. Its not like there are only a SET number of attorney positions - that is a ludicrous suggestion. The positions are based upon a firm or companys WANTS and NEEDS and if you are valuable, you will land a position.Do you know how many braindead people in every sector of our economy get paid $45k a year to basically do jack squat? A LOT. If youre telling me that a very intelligent lawyer, who works fairly diligently wont land at least a $45k job too, then you must be smoking some good ganja, ese.The money during the first two years as a lawyer doesnt matter anyway. Even doctors start out at $40k / yr when they are residents. Law schools do not have residency programs and maybe they should! Its about the long run.Besides, who cares if new law schools open? They are really just full of students who couldnt get in anywhere else. Cant you compete with these clowns? And if you cant, then whose problem is it really?August 8, 2010 3:30 PM Anonymous saidhttp://www.i-newswire.com/iviewit-inventor-eliot-bernstein/44119 Bernstein suing the FL & NY Supreme Courts, State Bars & Disciplinary Agencies, claims conflicted members of the courts, partners from Proskauer Rose LLP law firm, the main conspirator in Bernsteins case along with law firm Foley & Lardner, illegally handled complaints against partners while holding official title with the courts & disciplinary agencies. In NY, Bernsteins allegations led to unanimous consent of 5 justice of the NY Supreme Court to have former NY State Bar Association President, Steven Krane, a Proskauer partner, ordered for investigation for conflicts & the appearance of impropriety. Proskauers Kenneth Rubenstein, the sole (soulless) patent evaluator for MPEGLA LLC, ordered for investigation along with attorney Raymond Joao, who claims to have put 90+ patents into his own name. Bernstein claims patents filed by Joao were during & after the time Iviewit retained Joao to patent inventions for Bernstein, Joao patented them for himself instead.Another glimpse into this mess. I hope people open these documents up in another browser and read what they contain.August 8, 2010 3:30 PM Anonymous said3:30pm: Im not sure what all this proves. Its just a complaint. It may be all dismissed on summary judgment. It would only take me about 2 months to read the complaint, considering it is about 323 pages of a legal area I know nothing about. August 8, 2010 4:48 PM Anonymous saidMight just be me, but 90 patents by a lawyer? Strange he wasnt an engineer and saved the 200K. August 8, 2010 5:40 PM Anonymous saidTheres really not that big of a surplus of attorneys. If there were, you would expect BIGlaw salaries to drop significantly due to the surplus of unemployed T14s. And while BIGlaw salaries havent increased much in the last five years, they certainly havent dropped by any staggering amount.Although there are some examples of unemployed lawyers who are now venting, and kernels of truth to the no law jobs voice, I think this cry is mainly an exaggeration.Of course, if you are one of the few unemployed attorneys, it will feel like the end of the world and you would probably start a blog describing your woes.August 8, 2010 9:02 PM Anonymous saidThats right 9:02pm. Another thing, who cares if there are no jobs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The free market will work it all out. If law school is truly a bad deal, then people will stop going.August 8, 2010 9:18 PM  Anonymous said9:02 and 9:18 must be industry shills.No way could anyone be that stupid.August 8, 2010 9:20 PM Anonymous said@9:20pm: Youve got your opinion and youre going to assert it! August 8, 2010 10:08 PM Anonymous saidDoes anyone else find it odd that Nando sits around and preaches about the job market for attorneys when he has yet to take a bar exam or look for a job within the legal field? Additionally, if he was so much more intelligent than anyone else who has ever gone to law school then why a) did he only get in to Drake and more importantly b) did he go to law school at all? August 8, 2010 10:20 PM Watch your step, law grads. Its a dangerous world out there.ObjectiveThis blog is maintained by a recent law school grad from a third tier school. My goal is to educate prospective law students about the perils of obtaining a legal education. There are many pitfalls - the debt load, the oversupply of lawyers, the fact that there are not enough legal jobs to satisfy nearly 45,000 annual law graduates, and the reality that the majority of law school graduates will end up with low-paying jobs upon completion of their legal studies.My Blog ListEsq. NeverThe End of Esq. [Never] - Final Post 49 minutes agoShilling Me SoftlyJesse J. Clarks Latest Youtube Ultimatum 8 hours agoBut I Did Everything Right!Did You Take the Bar Exam to Earn $10 an Hour? 9 hours agoFirst Tier ToiletThe Hunger Striker In His Own Words - An FTT Interview With Ethan Haines 12 hours agoThe Jobless Juris DoctorJob Opening In CA 16 hours agoOutside Lies MagicWho is Demosthenes & The Ideal Lawyer 1 day agoEXPOSING THE LAW SCHOOL SCAMHunger-Striking JD Ethan Haines interviewed on HuffPost 1 day agoTales of a Fourth Tier NothingTwo Year Career 1 day agobl1yRichard Storrow is a Feminist Hack 2 days agoScammed Hard!Federal Jobs Update! Class of 2011 is Screwed! 2 days agoUNEMPLOYEDJD.COM | Supporting Law School Transparency & Career Counseling ReformComplete Listing of Law Schools Involved in Hunger Strike 3 days agoTemporary Attorney: The Sweatshop EditionHunger Strike! 3 days agoBig Debt, Small LawNY Times: Sobering Article on Legal Outsourcing 4 days agoThe Angry Future ExpatCiao! The Angry Future Expat Is No More 4 days agoEducation Matters[My education] was a serious mistake: An Indentured Educated Citizen Laments Her Decision To Go To School 4 days agoRose Colored GlassesApologies and Updates 5 days agoSubprime JDI owe $92,000 for an education which is basically worthless - CNBC must read article 5 days agoFluster Cucked  Americas Race to the BottomOne Lawyer for every 172 people  What does it mean? 1 week agoHighest EducationFollow the Federal Money.. 1 week agoLaw School Must Be DebunkedThe Baby Bar 2 weeks agoLifes Mockery Law BlogMinorities Decrease Enrollment in Law Schools: They Figured Out the Game 3 weeks agoLegal NihilistNew Texas Law School to Further Saturate Legal Market 4 weeks agoTTR on the Air - January 30 Broadcast on The Nookular OptionThe Nookular Option: February 27, 2010 5 months agoThe JD Underdog Is Now Underdog, Esq. (Dont go to law school!)Remember the Number 45 5 months agoNo more room at the bench - latimes.comBar Exam Discussion Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Iviewit Federal RICO & ANTITRUST DEFENDANT MARC S. DREIER partner in crime free of 20 Year Sentence due to Drunkeness, Fed Court Judge Kimba Love Judge Wood whitewashes crimes using Alcohol excuse.  Fed Whistleblower Lawsuit of Christine C. Anderson legally related to Iviewit complaint by Fed Judge Shira ScheindlinJuly 9th, 2010 <iframe src=http://www.businessinsider.com/embed?id=4c35d7707f8b9ac04c400200&amp;width=600&amp;height=430 width=600 height=430 border=0 frameborder=0></iframe>Former SEC Lawyer Comes Up With A Genius Excuse For Fraud And Escapes 20 YearsCourtney Comstock | Jul. 8, 2010, 10:12 AM | 688 |  1Robert Miller, a former lawyer for the SEC (and also a former money manager) deserves a prize for his performance in court the other day.He just escaped a potential 20-year prison sentence by telling the judge that he used to be a fearful, self-loathing suicidal alcoholic, says the Wall Street Journal. He was just too drunk to realize that he was participating in a fraud.Its like he told his lawyer: No matter how drunk I was, I wouldnt have [done it had I known it was a fraud].Now Miller wont have to spend anytime in jail. He will just have to live under supervised release for 2 years.This is amazing because Miller already plead guilty to conspiracy to commit securities fraud, wire fraud and securities fraud in November.Apparently, entering a guilty plea was just Millers laying the groundwork, because heres how the judge saw it: She thought it showed his immediate acceptance of his crime.Heres the rest of the story about how he got out of it, starting from the beginning.Miller was paid $100,000 to work for Marc Dreier.Dreier was the mastermind behind a huge scheme that, as NYMag puts it, involved staging fictional conference calls, and impersonating executives, sometimes personally, sometimes with the help of an associate, all while snapping up Warhols and waterfront homes, partying with pop stars and football players, and chasing an endless parade of much-younger women.Dreier pled guilty last year and really will have to spend 20 years in prison.But Miller, the associate who helped Dreier, told the judge that he only did it because he was a drunk. A drunk who was too drunk too realize that he was participating in a fraud.His lawyer explained to the judge: If he had been aware this was a bogus note, if he had known this was to deceive, he himself has said, No matter how drunk I was, I wouldnt have [done it], Laufer said. He just came apart at the seams.This excuse totally worked.From Dow Jones:U.S. District Judge Kimba M. Wood said she believed that when Miller helped Dreier it was an act born of desperation in an otherwise laudable life.Now Miller is wholly reformed having embraced Alcoholics Anonymous and begun working as a counselor in a California rehabilitation facility.**Round of applause.**Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/robert-miller-alcoholic-2010-7##ixzz0tBg7Ebr4Courtney Comstock is a writer at Clusterstock.Contact:e-mail:ccomstock@businessinsider.comAIM:cstockatbiWork Phone:646 484 6660 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting646 484 6660end_of_the_skype_highlightingSubscribe to her twitter feedRead more: http://www.businessinsider.com/robert-miller-alcoholic-2010-7##ixzz0tBgHntnu Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Iviewit Patentgate Fraud Jumps Into Anderson Appeal posted at Expose Corrupt Courts.  Whistleblower Christine C. Anderson lawsuit legally related by Judge Shira Scheindlin to Eliot Bernstein and Iviewits Trillion Dollar Federal RICO and ANTITRUST against Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner, Thomas J. Cahill and more.  Other Defendants in the Iviewit Lawsuit include, Intel Corporation, IBM, Warner Bros., AOL Inc., Lockheed Martin, Sony, MPEGLA LLC and more.  Read all about it @ www.iviewit.tvJune 30th, 2010 My Comment to the Article Below that appeared @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2010/06/iviewit-patentgate-fraud-jumps-into.htmlfirst:Eliot Ivan Bernstein Iviewit saidDespite the P. Stephen Lamont lamenting, he has no standing to act on behalf of anyone for any reason as he is NOT an ATTORNEY, as he never ever passed the State Bar exam, after allegedly completing Columbia Law School? Funny, no one joined Lamont after all his claims that everyone was on board with his filings of fraud. Mr. Lamont has been terminated, FIRED, from Iviewit and representing Eliot Bernstein in any way and further reported to criminal authorities for alleged criminal misconduct.This filing and any others will be used as further prima fascia evidence of criminal misconduct.Lamont has no standing in the Eliot Bernstein lawsuit, as he failed to file individually and never amended the complaint to change his interest, thus as he cannot represent others, despite his legally unqualified claims and did not sue individually he therefore has no legal basis. The arguments above are ridiculous, the argument in the case is that there is FRAUD ON THE COURT and CRIMINAL OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE, not retort to fraudulent court orders, etc. Only an idiot could not see this clearly.I, Eliot, have put the criminals on notice, I have halted my case notifying criminal authorities of the crimes identified by Anderson, the crimes of the judges and clerks, the NY AG, DA, ADA, etc. and I wait the outcome of those I notified, including NY Judiciary Committee, Glenn Fine, DOJ, House and Senate Judiciary Committees and more. Lamont trying to rush my lawsuit illegally through the courts makes no sense as the criminal allegations by Anderson must go first and then civil cases will return, ask any lawyer, just make sure they took the bar and give true legal advice. Otherwise be weary of those who give legal advice and aid without legal degrees.Expose Corrupt CourtsMLK said: Injustice Anywhere is a Threat to Justice EverywhereEnd Corruption in the Courts!Court employee, judge or citizen - Report Corruption in any Court Today !! As of March 6, 2010, weve received over 98,750 tipsKEEP THEM COMING !! CorruptCourts@gmail.comREFRESH - Go To Home PageMost Read StoriesWall Street Journal: When our Trusted Officials LieNY Senator John Sampson Accepting Input on Chief Judge NominationMassive Attorney Conflict in Madoff ScamFBI Probes Threats on Federal Witnesses in New York Ethics ScandalComing to a Corrupt Court Near You: A New Administrative JudgeGovernors Future Hinges on Chief Judge PickPortfolio Magazine - Why was Tom Carvels Death Certificate Forged?Federal Judge: But you destroyed the faith of the people in their government.Attorney Gives New Meaning to Oral ArgumentWannabe Judge Attorney Writes About Ethical Dilemmas SHE Failed to Report3 Judges Covered Cronys 9/11 Donation FraudFormer NY State Chief Court Clerk Sues Judges in Federal CourtConcealing the Truth at the Attorney Ethics CommitteeNY Ethics Scandal Tied to International Espionage SchemeWestchester Surrogates Courts Dastardly DeedsWednesday, June 23, 2010Iviewit Patentgate Fraud Jumps Into Anderson Appeal09-5059-CVUnited States Court of Appeals for the Second CircuitCHRISTINE C. ANDERSON, Plaintiff-Appellant,vTHOMAS J. CAHILL, SHERRY K. COHEN, and DAVID SPOKONY, Defendants-AppelleesPosted by Corrupt Courts Administrator at 6:25 AM MOTION FOR LEAVE TO FILE AMICUS CURIAE BRIEFP. STEPHEN LAMONT, PRO SE35 LOCUST AVENUE, RYE, NEW YORK 10580(914) 217-0038P. Stephen Lamont, individually, and on behalf of shareholders of Iviewit Holdings, Inc. respectfully moves this Court for leave to file an Amicus Curiae Brief in the instant appeal of Christine C. Anderson v. Thomas J. Cahill, et al. (CA2 Docket No. 09-509-cv, filed November 25, 2009). Amicus Curiae clearly have an interest relating to the property or transaction which is the subject of the appeal, i.e., retaliatory discharge on account of plaintiffs complaints of whitewashing and corruption, or, in the case of Amicus Curiae, the sabotage of intellectual property and the subsequent unpaid royalties resulting from whitewashing and corruption. Additionally, Amicus Curiae have both an organizational and a representative interest in this litigation of the issues that are the subject of this appeal, to wit whitewashing and corruption. From an organizational standpoint, a principle function of Amicus Curiaes existence is to engage in business activity whereby original content creators and others would execute license agreements to benefit from the value propositions of the inventions, and pay royalties for such non-exclusive use. Accordingly, Amicus Curiae have an interest in seeing that conspiracies to whitewash attorney disciplinary complaints are adjudicated along the lines of the relief requested in instant appeal herein, especially when the United States Patent and Trademark Office has signaled that whats going on in your New York complaints, or words to that effect, prior to giving Amicus Curiae the relief necessary to continue their patent applications.Date: June 22, 2010Plaintiff - Appellant,vTHOMAS J. CAHILL, SHERRY K. COHEN, and DAVID SPOKONY, Defendants-AppelleesB. IMMUNITY ANALYSIS WITHIN THE ORDER1. Eleventh Amendment Does Not Bar Suits for Declaratory or Injunctive Relief2. Explicit 5 Override3. The District Courts Order Cannot Claim Judicial and Qualified ImmunityCONCLUSIONSTATEMENT OF THE BASIS FOR JURISDICTIONThe District Court had jurisdiction under U.S.C. 28 1331, and issued its Opinion and Order on August 8, 2008. A Motion for Reconsideration was filed on August 18, 2008, and the District Court denied the Motion on August 19, 2008. A Notice of Appeal was filed on September 4, 2008, and the Courts of Appeals for the Second Circuit has jurisdiction under U.S.C. 28  1291. The Court of Appeals dismissed the appeal on January 5, 2010. A Motion for Reconsideration was filed on January 12, 2010, and the Court of Appeals issued its final judgment on January 22, 2010. A Petition for a Writ of Certiorari was filed on April 22, 2010, and the United States Supreme Court has jurisdiction under U.S.C. 28 1254(1).2. Does 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment grant Congress the power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of that Amendment, and if so, does this Amendment abrogate the immunity provided by the Eleventh Amendment?3. Is the purpose behind the enactment of 42 U.S.C.  1983 to secure the protection of Plaintiff-Appellants constitutional rights against infringement by State governments and State actors who purportedly act under the authority of State law?A. District Courts Reliance on Rooker-Feldman Doctrine - In Amicus Curiaes proceedings, the District Court invoked the Rooker-Feldman doctrine as a means to support its Order in granting Amicus Curiaes Respondents Motions to Dismiss. A recent decision of the U.S. Supreme Court in Exxon Mobil Corp. v. Saudi Basic Industries Corp., 544 U.S. 280 (2005), makes clear that claim preclusion is a separate doctrine entirely. Exxon stipulates the requisite elements that must be met for the Rooker-Feldman doctrine to apply (See also District of Columbia Court of Appeals v. Feldman, 460 US. 462,483 n. 16 (1983)). None of the factors of Exxon are present in the instant appeal; the Rooker-Feldman doctrine simply does not apply.B. Immunity Analysis within the Order Regarding Immunity, Amicus Curiaes Complaint, Amended Complaint, Opposition Memorandums, Appellant Brief, and Petition for a Writ of Certiorari pray for injunctive relief; this was clearly stated.1. Eleventh Amendment Does Not Bar Suits for Declaratory or Injunctive Relief - The District Courts bald assertion that in Amicus Curiaes proceedings the Complaint lacked any foundation upon which the District Court can grant legal relief is clearly erroneous. The Eleventh Amendment does not preclude suit against State officers for the kind of injunctive and declaratory relief at issue here. If a State official acts in contravention of the Constitution, pursuant to an unconstitutional statute, or in a manner that violates an individuals constitutionally protected rights, suit to enjoin the offending behavior is proper and does not run afoul of a States sovereign immunity. (See Ex Parte Young, 209 U.S. 123, 160 (1908), Edelman v. Jordan, 415 U.S. 651 (1974)). Additionally, Ex Parte Young and Edelman v. Jordan provide that the District Court could have provided retroactive monetary relief against an officer sued in his individual capacity, as bringing an action against an officer in his individual capacity does not implicate State sovereignty.2. Explicit 5 Override - 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment grants Congress the power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of that Amendment; courts have recognized that this new Amendment, again a consensus of the people, abrogates the immunity provided by the Eleventh Amendment. In Atascadero State Hospital v. Scanlon, 473 U.S. 234, 105 S.Ct. 3142, 87 L.Ed.2d 171 (1985), this Court said that Congress can use its Fourteenth Amendment power to override a States Eleventh Amendment protection.3. The District Courts Order Cannot Claim Judicial and Qualified Immunity. - Furthermore, in their proceedings, the District Court cannot allow Amicus Curiaes Respondents to use the guise of State authority as a license for violating Amicus-Curiaes constitutional rights. Indeed, the entire purpose behind the enactment of U.S.C. 42  1983 was to secure the protection of individuals constitutional rights against infringement by State governments and State actors who purportedly act under the authority of State law; Section 1983 creates a private cause of action for damages (as well as injunctive relief) against those persons responsible for the deprivation (See Mitchum v. Foster, 407 U.S. 225,238-39 (1972)).In Kostok v. Thomas, 105 F.3d 65, 69 (2d Cir. 1997), the court determined that declaratory and prospective injunctive relief are available, and that the Plaintiff-Appellants claims brought under 42 U.S.C.  1983 need not be dismissed.Date: June 22, 2010Respectfully submitted,P. Stephen Lamont, Pro SeAttorney for Amicus CuriaeP. Stephen Lamont, Pro Se35 Locust Avenue, Rye, N.Y. 10580Tel.: (914) 217-0038P. Stephen Lamont, Pro SeAttorney for Amicus Curiae35 Locust Avenue, Rye, N.Y. 10580Tel.: 914) 217-0038CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE WITH F.R.A.P. RULE 32(a)(7)The undersigned, P. Stephen Lamont, Pro Se, furnishes the following in compliance with F.R.A.P Rule 32(a)(7): I hereby certify that this brief conforms to the rules contained in F.R.A.P Rule 32(a)(7) for a brief produced with a proportionally spaced font. The length of this brief is 1365 words.CONCLUSIONFor all the foregoing reasons, Amicus Curaie respectfully supports that this Court reverse the judgment entered herein, with a finding of fact in favor of Plaintiff-Appellant; or if the Court does not feel that it would be justified by the facts in so doing that it should remand the case for a fair and impartial trial before an unprejudiced jury, on proper evidence, and under correct instructions as the law may deem just and proper.ARGUMENTAmicus Curiae maintain the following:SUMMARY OF ARGUMENT1. Is a fundamental underpinning of Rooker-Feldman doctrine that the proper forum to appeal State court decisions is in State court (Exxon Mobil Corp. v. Saudi Basic Industries Corp., 544 U.S. 280 (2005))?Table of AuthoritiesCasesAtascadero State Hospital v. Scanlon, 473 U.S. 234, 105 S.Ct. 3142, 87 L.Ed.2d 171 (1985) 9District of Columbia Court of Appeals v. Feldman, 460 US. 462,483 n. 16 (1983) 7Edelman v. Jordan, 415 U.S. 651 (1974) 8  Ex Parte Young, 209 U.S. 123, 160 (1908) 8Exxon Mobil Corp. v. Saudi Basic Industries Corp., 544 U.S. 280 (2005) 7Kostok v. Thomas, 105 F.3d 65, 69 (2d Cir. 1997) 9Mitchum v. Foster, 407 U.S. 225,238-39 (1972) 9  U.S.C. 28 1331 6Constitutional Provisions5 of the Fourteenth Amendment 7, 8  Eleventh Amendment 7, 8Statutes28 U.S.C.  1291 6  28 U.S.C. 1254(1) 6  28 U.S.C. 1331 6  U.S.C. 42  1983 9IDENTIFICATION OF THE AMICUS CURIAEThe Amicus Curiae parties in this instant action are Plaintiffs, Plaintiff-Appellants, and Petitioners in the following cases:Bernstein, et al v. Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, et al. (07-cv-11196, S.D.N.Y filed December 12, 2007), Opinion and Order filed August 8, 2008 granting Defendants Motion to Dismiss.Bernstein, et al v. Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, et al. (08-cv-4873, CA2 NY, filed October 3, 2008), Opinion and Order filed January 5, 2010 dismissing appeal, Opinion and Order filed January 22, 2010 denying Motion for Reconsideration.Lamont, et al v. Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, et al. (Docket No. _____________, U.S., filed April 22, 2010).INTEREST IN THE CASEAmicus Curiae clearly have an interest relating to the property or transaction which is the subject of the appeal, i.e., retaliatory discharge on account of plaintiffs complaints of whitewashing and corruption, or, in the case of Amicus Curiae, the sabotage of intellectual property and the subsequent unpaid royalties resulting from whitewashing and corruption.Additionally, Amicus Curiae, have both an organizational and a representative interest in this litigation of the issues that are the subject of this appeal, to wit, whitewashing and corruption. From an organizational standpoint, a principle function of Amicus Curiaes existence is to engage in business activity whereby original content creators and others would execute license agreements to benefit from the value propositions of the Inventions, and pay royalties for such non-exclusive use. Accordingly, Amicus Curiae have an interest in seeing that conspiracies to whitewash attorney disciplinary complaints are adjudicated along the lines of the instant appeal, especially when the United States Patent and Trademark Office has signaled that whats going on in your New York complaints, or words to that effect, prior to giving Amicus Curiae the relief necessary to continue their patent applications. Amicus Curiaes interests may not be adequately represented by Plaintiff-Appellant Anderson. Thus, Amicus Curiaes interests, as a practical matter, may be impaired or impeded by its inability to protect these interests without supporting the appeal, particularly given the fact that an adverse ruling by the Court could result in the continuation of the patent sabotage conspiracy, countless unpaid royalties to Amicus Curiae, and the resultant unwillingness of the United States Patent and Trademark Office to issue patents to Amicus Curiae based on the inventions. It remains at best uncertain whether the current Plaintiff-Appellant Andersons request for relief will encompass all possible issues related to the whitewashing and corruption in hearing attorney disciplinary complaints. It is much more likely that current Plaintiff-Appellant Anderson in this case will only develop the limited issues pertaining to her individual situation and therefore only seek the relief that would provide her individual remedy. Amicus Curiae will bring to the case a variety of fact patterns involving both conspiracies to whitewash attorney disciplinary complaints and the occurrences of civil racketeering among the same group of Defendants, in part; thus, Amicus Curiaes support sharpens the argument on both sides and provides the Court with a more useful framework of advocacy from which to issue its decision.AMICUS CURIAE BRIEFP. STEPHEN LAMONT, PRO SE35 LOCUST AVENUE, RYE, NEW YORK 10580(914) 217-0038Table of ContentsIDENTIFICATION OF THE AMICUS CURIAEINTEREST IN THE CASESTATEMENT OF THE BASIS FOR JURISDICTIONSUMMARY OF ARGUMENTARGUMENTA. DISTRICT COURTS RELIANCE ON ROOKER-FELDMAN DOCTRINEAttorney for Amicus CuriaeP. Stephen Lamont, Pro Se35 Locust Avenue, Rye, N.Y. 10580(914) 217-0038*******************************************09-5059-CVUnited States Court of Appeals for the Second CircuitCHRISTINE C. ANDERSON, 8 comments:Anonymous saidThese criminals deserve any judicial enema available. Lets not forget about the biggest legal intestinal obstruction in Goshen New York County of Orange, Bernadette E. Lupinetti, Esq. married to a former ADA for Andrew Cuomos Office Patrick Lupinetti, Esq. (2007) Bernadette E. Lupinetti, Esq. fixes child custody and divorce cases and engages in the trafficking of minor for sexual performance using a United States of America.June 23, 2010 9:46 AM  Anonymous saidGreat Brief Mr.Lamont..Youve done the right thing all along for the Iviewit CompanyKeep up the good work!!!!!June 23, 2010 8:25 PM  will galison saidCan the rest of us file amicus briefs as well?June 24, 2010 12:02 AM  Anonymous saidsupporting anderson is surely a positive act but seems like some puffing and posturing in the comment here. the filing does appear to be a bit of a cut and paste of prior filings but those arguments are good arguments nonetheless. but it does appear to be a bit short on connecting the dots via Anderson and the First Dept DDC, Rubenstein et al via Iviewit. this statement is qualified however by stating that a review of any recent Anderson filings has not yet occurred which may otherwise clarify how the dots are connected and perhaps a review of such filings by Anderson does in fact connect the dots already. either way, hoping all goes well for all involved and concerned.hudson valley regionJune 24, 2010 12:26 PM  Anonymous saidId agree with the last comment. Someone care to spell it out?Any news yet a response from the Governor on that Feb /2010 request to stop funding the crooks in the A-Divs & the CJC ? Lots of concerned would like to know. Also just when it the fed going to do something ? When hell freezes?June 24, 2010 3:09 PM  Anonymous saidWhat is Mr. Lamonts legal standing? Is he a certified shareholder of the Iviewit Company? Didnt see any evidence of that material fact. Anderson needs all the help she can get since it is evident that she has not been well served by some people.June 24, 2010 3:36 PM  Anonymous saidMr Lamont is the CEO of Iviewit and holder of 11% of the capital shares outstanding. To fulfill his fiduciary. duties, he acts individually and on behalf of his shareholders as Iviewit has no standing in its own right without representation by an attorney.June 24, 2010 7:06 PM  Eliot Ivan Bernstein Iviewit saidhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2010/06/iviewit-patentgate-fraud-jumps-into.htmlDespite the Lamont lamenting, he has no standing to act on behalf of anyone for any reason as he is NOT an ATTORNEY, as he never ever passed the State Bar exam, after allegedly completing Columbia Law School? Funny, no one joined Lamont after all his claims that everyone was on board with his filings of fraud. Mr. Lamont has been terminated, FIRED, from Iviewit and representing Eliot Bernstein in any way and further reported to criminal authorities for alleged criminal misconduct.This filing and any others will be used as further prima fascia evidence of criminal misconduct.Lamont has no standing in the Eliot Bernstein lawsuit, as he failed to file individually and never amended the complaint to change his interest, thus as he cannot represent others, despite his legally unqualified claims and did not sue individually he therefore has no legal basis. The arguments above are ridiculous, the argument in the case is that there is FRAUD ON THE COURT and CRIMINAL OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE, not retort to fraudulent court orders, etc. Only an idiot could not see this clearly.I, Eliot, have put the criminals on notice, I have halted my case notifying criminal authorities of the crimes identified by Anderson, the crimes of the judges and clerks, the NY AG, DA, ADA, etc. and I wait the outcome of those I notified, including NY Judiciary Committee, Glenn Fine, DOJ, House and Senate Judiciary Committees and more. Lamont trying to rush my lawsuit illegally through the courts makes no sense as the criminal allegations by Anderson must go first and then civil cases will return, ask any lawyer, just make sure they took the bar and give true legal advice. Otherwise be weary of those who give legal advice and aid without legal degrees.Bat Out of HellEliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUviewit Holdings, Inc. - DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvhttp://www.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.htmlhttp://www.enddiscriminationnow.comhttp://www.corruptcourts.orghttp://www.changecourtsnow.comhttp://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comhttp://www.parentadvocates.orghttp://www.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.comhttp://cuomotarp.blogspot.comhttp://www.disbarthefloridabar.comhttp://www.VoteForGreg.us Greg Fischerhttp://www.liberty-candidates.org/greg-fischerhttp://www.facebook.com/pages/Vote-For-Greg/111952178833067http://www.killallthelawyers.ws/law (The Shakespearean Solution)June 30, 2010 6:10 AM Anonymous said Is this guy Bernstein for real? This is a blog for exposing corrupt courts, public officers, and attorneys, not a forum to bash the CEO of the company you founded who upstages you at every turn. Whats wrong with this picture: from time to time I am forwarded messages from Bernstein who alerts his all too lengthy distribution list (perhaps he has an abandonment disorder) to information from Vatican scandals to the Council on Foreign Relations; while Lamont moves the issues forward and pushes the corrupt envelope anywhere from an motion for leave to file an Amicus Brief for Anderson to, and on the LAST filing day, a Petition for a Writ of Certiorari with the United States Supreme Court to serve his shareholders.I was also forwarded a message about something called the Bernstein Tapes where Bernstein himself admits to pocketing anywhere from $500,000 to $2.4 million dollars in company monies. If what Bernstein writes has any ring of truth, and it is highly improbable, then it is very much a question of the pot calling the kettle black. I fully support the Anderson appeal, the Lamont filings (which serve his shareholders, and all related parties), and look upon Bernstein comments with disdain, which has all the twinge of a jilted lover, especially when I see the despicable Bernstein comment on the death of Steven Krane, a criminal in his own right, but dont criminals deserve at least some reverance at the time of there death? Shame on you, Mr. Bernstein, and you continue to embrarrass yourself on this blog time after time after time. Does psychotherapy mean anything to you, because you have the appearances of a being a manically depressed, psychologically, angry, unstable man unable to stick to the issues at hand. Blog Administrator: get his IP address and shut him down. June 30, 2010 11:00 AM Eliot Bernstein said Lamenting Lamont makes broad sweeping claims about crimes, yet has never filed a criminal complaint against me. I on the other hand have filed several factual criminal complaints against Mr. Lamont.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090618%20FINAL%20NYAG%20Steven%20Cohen%20Letter%20Re%20Lamont%20Signed.pdfand others and others.If Lamont did have evidence of crimes and did nothing, he serves the shareholders real well. Also, he has been advised by counsel that he had no legal authority ever in Iviewit and that he should not make fraudulent claims of representing a company that he never truly represented, or issue shares, including to himself, without board approval and a board appointing him. But while Lamonts follies bemuse me, they are criminal and have been duly noted in formal criminal complaints, not just blog talking trash.Oh, delusional is Lamont for I fear he cannot see the headlights, splat, frozen in fear, pants down, cover blown and the kids they dance and shake their bonesSite Administrator Brady / McKeown should shut down Lamont and report his criminal activities and filings to the nearest cop as evidence of corruption. I forgot, Brady / McKeown bought a share of stock from Lamont in Iviewit, again, Lamont has no stock certs in any companies to issue stock and that whole dealyo sounds like more criminal activities that also has been reported already to criminal authorities.As to Lamonts lament about Steven Krane, sounds like a family member or close friend of Lamonts, again I take leak on his grave and wish him well in hell and no there should not be a moment of remorse for scum who has hurt so many of the readers of this blog in his trail of corruption. Nice friends you have Mr. Lamont, is it true that you are related to Judith Kaye, which has been rumored? June 30, 2010 11:50 AM Tags: Add new tag, Andrew Cuomo, bernard madoff, christine c. anderson, eliot bernstein, eric holder, expose corrupt courts, First Department, foley & lardner, Frank Brady, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, Kevin McKeown, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, p. stephen, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas j. cahill, thomas sjoblom, United States Second Circuit, www.iviewit.tv Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernstein posts draft Motion to Kiss My Ass to be filed at the United States Second Circuit Court.  Court Officials fingered by New York Supreme Court Whistleblower Christine C. Anderson, read all about it!!!  Extra! Extra! Cuomo Alleged representing Public Officials OBSTRUCTING Investigations!!!June 21st, 2010 OK, since so many want the ROUGH Draft Release here is the Second Circuit Filing coming soon with additionalcriminal complaints against Court Officers and Coumo and more.this is still rough roughEMERGENCY MOTION TO KISS MY ASS; CRIMINAL COMPLAINTS AGAINST JUSTICES AND OFFICERS OF THIS COURT AND NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL ANDREW CUOMOS OFFICE; HALT PROCEEDING PENDING CONFLICT RESOLUTION AND RESPONSE FROM CRIMINAL AUTHORITIES AND COURT OVERSIGHT; REMOVE THE APPEARANCE OF IMPROPRIETY IN THIS COURT THROUGH CESSATION OF VIOLATIONS OF JUDICIAL CANNONS, ATTORNEY CONDUCT CODES, PUBLIC OFFICE RULES AND REGULATIONS AND LAW; RESTORE ORDER TO THIS COURT!Table of ContentsINTRODUCTION  THE JIGGY IS UP ON THE CORRUPTION BY COURT OFFICIALS, FRAUD ON COURT BY COURT OFFICIALS EXPOSED BY WHISTLEBLOWER IN LEGALLY RELATED LAWSUIT 7RESPONSE TO ILLEGALLY TENDERED ORDER OF DISMISSAL  CITIZENS ARREST OF MEMBERS OF THIS COURT FOR FELONY OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE AND MORE 11DENIAL OF DUE PROCESS THROUGH DENIAL OF RIGHT TO COUNSEL THROUGH EXTORTION OF LAWYERS AND COURT PERSONNEL TO OBSTRUCT JUSTICE, EVIDENCED IN LEGALLY RELATED WHISTLEBLOWER ANDERSON LAWSUIT 14WHAT IS AND WHAT IS NOT MERITORIOUS IN THE LAWSUIT BEFORE THIS COURT 21WHAT IS NOT FRIVOLOUS 21WHAT IS FRIVOLOUS 26EXHIBIT 1 - CRIMINAL COMPLAINTS 28JUSTICES RICHARD C. WESLEY, PETER W. HALL AND DEBRA ANN LIVINGSTON OF THE NEW YORK SECOND CIRCUIT COURT AND CATHERINE OHAGAN WOLFE  CLERK OF THE COURT 29 MARCH 02, 2010 EXPOSE CORRUPT COURTS ~ COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC INTEGRITY CALLS ON FEDS FOR FEDERAL MONITOR OVER NY STATE COURT SYSTEM - INJUSTICE ANYWHERE IS A THREAT TO JUSTICE EVERYWHERE. (DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR.) 29JUSTICE SHIRA A. SCHEINDLIN OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT  SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 30THE NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL ~ ELIOT SPITZER AND ANDREW CUOMO 31NEW YORK SUPREME COURT APPELLATE DIVISION FIRST DEPARTMENT  DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE ~ ROY REARDON, ALAN FRIEDBERG 32P. STEPHEN LAMONT 33WHISTLEBLOWER CHRISTINE C. ANDERSON RELATED CRIMES 34NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL  ILLEGAL REPRESENTATION / OBSTRUCTION 34FIRST DEPARTMENT OBSTRUCTIONS AND OTHER CRIMES 34US ATTORNEY  NEW YORK 34NEW YORK DISTRICT ATTORNEY 34NEW YORK ASSISTANT DISTRICT ATTORNEY 34FEDERAL BANKRUPTCY JUDGE MARTIN GLENN 34PROSKAUER ROSE, FOLEY & LARDNER, VIRGINIA ATTORNEY GENERAL, MELTZER LIPPE GOLDSTEIN & SCHLISSEL, RAYMOND JOAO & GREENBERG TRAURIG 34FEDERAL LAWS VIOLATED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 35Conspiracy Against Rights, 18 U.S.C.  241. 35Deprivation of Rights Under Color of Law, 18 U.S.C.  242. 36TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73 1505. Obstruction of proceedings before departments, agencies, and committees 37TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1503. Influencing or injuring officer or juror generally 37TITLE 18 > PART I > CHAPTER 73 >  1505 Obstruction of proceedings before departments, agencies, and committees. 38TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1506 Theft or alteration of record or process; false bail 39TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1509 Obstruction of court orders 39TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1512 Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant. 39TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1514 Civil action to restrain harassment of a victim or witness 42TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1515 Definitions for certain provisions; general provision 44TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1519 Destruction, alteration, or falsification of records in Federal investigations and bankruptcy 46TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 9  152 Concealment of assets; false oaths and claims; bribery. 46TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 9  154 Adverse interest and conduct of officers. 47TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 9  157 Bankruptcy fraud. 48TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 9  158 Designation of United States attorneys and agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to address abusive reaffirmations of debt and materially fraudulent statements in bankruptcy schedules. 48TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 11  201 Bribery of public officials and witnesses. 49TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 11  225 Continuing financial crimes enterprise. 52TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 19  371 Conspiracy to commit offense or to defraud United States. 52TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 21  402 Contempts constituting crimes. 52TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 31  641 Public money, property or records. 53TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 95  1959 Violent crimes in aid of racketeering activity. 54STATE LAW VIOLATIONS NEW YORK, VIRGINIA, FLORIDA AND DELAWARE 55CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 8408-4873-CVUnited States Court of Appeal for the Second CircuitEliot Ivan BernsteinPlaintiff  Appellantv DEFENDANTS: STATE OF NEW YORK, THE OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION OF THE UNIFIED COURT SYSTEM, PROSKAUER ROSE LLP, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, STEVEN C. KRANE in his official and individual Capacities for the New York State Bar Association and the Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, and, his professional and individual capacities as a Proskauer partner, KENNETH RUBENSTEIN, in his professional and individual capacities, ESTATE OF STEPHEN KAYE, in his professional and individual capacities, ALAN S. JAFFE, in his professional and individual capacities, ROBERT J. KAFIN, in his professional and individual capacities, CHRISTOPHER C. WHEELER, in his professional and individual capacities, MATTHEW M. TRIGGS in his official and individual capacity for The Florida Bar and his professional and individual capacities as a partner of Proskauer, ALBERT T. GORTZ, in his professional and individual capacities, CHRISTOPHER PRUZASKI, in his professional and individual capacities, MARA LERNER ROBBINS, in her professional and individual capacities, DONALD ROCKY THOMPSON, in his professional and individual capacities, GAYLE COLEMAN, in her professional and individual capacities, DAVID GEORGE, in his professional and individual capacities, GEORGE A. PINCUS, in his professional and individual capacities, GREGG REED, in his professional and individual capacities, LEON GOLD, in his professional and individual capacities, MARCY HAHN-SAPERSTEIN, in her professional and individual capacities, KEVIN J. HEALY, in his professional and individual capacities, STUART KAPP, in his professional and individual capacities, RONALD F. STORETTE, in his professional and individual capacities, CHRIS WOLF, in his professional and individual capacities, JILL ZAMMAS, in her professional and individual capacities, JON A. BAUMGARTEN, in his professional and individual capacities, SCOTT P. COOPER, in his professional and individual capacities, BRENDAN J. OROURKE, in his professional and individual capacities, LAWRENCE I. WEINSTEIN, in his professional and individual capacities, WILLIAM M. HART, in his professional and individual capacities, DARYN A. GROSSMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, JOSEPH A. CAPRARO JR., in his professional and individual capacities, JAMES H. SHALEK, in his professional and individual capacities, GREGORY MASHBERG, in his professional and individual capacities, JOANNA SMITH, in her professional and individual capacities, MELTZER LIPPE GOLDSTEIN WOLF & SCHLISSEL, P.C. and its predecessors and successors, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, LEWIS S. MELTZER, in his professional and individual capacities, RAYMOND A. JOAO, in his professional and individual capacities, FRANK MARTINEZ, in his professional and individual capacities, FOLEY & LARDNER LLP, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, MICHAEL C. GREBE, in his professional and individual capacities, WILLIAM J. DICK, in his professional and individual capacities, TODD C. NORBITZ, in his professional and individual capacities, ANNE SEKEL, in his professional and individual capacities, RALF BOER, in his professional and individual capacities, BARRY GROSSMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, JIM CLARK, in his professional and individual capacities, DOUGLAS A. BOEHM, in his professional and individual capacities, STEVEN C. BECKER, in his professional and individual capacities, BRIAN G. UTLEY, MICHAEL REALE, RAYMOND HERSCH, WILLIAM KASSER, ROSS MILLER, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, STATE OF FLORIDA, OFFICE OF THE STATE COURTS ADMINISTRATOR, FLORIDA, HON. JORGE LABARGA in his official and individual capacities, THE FLORIDA BAR, JOHN ANTHONY BOGGS in his official and individual capacities, KELLY OVERSTREET JOHNSON in her official and individual capacities, LORRAINE CHRISTINE HOFFMAN in her official and individual capacities, ERIC TURNER in his official and individual capacities, KENNETH MARVIN in his official and individual capacities, JOY A. BARTMON in her official and individual capacities, JERALD BEER in his official and individual capacities, BROAD & CASSEL, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, JAMES J. WHEELER, in his professional and individual capacities, FLORIDA SUPREME COURT, HON. CHARLES T. WELLS, in his official and individual capacities, HON. HARRY LEE ANSTEAD, in his official and individual capacities HON. R. FRED LEWIS, in his official and individual capacities, HON. PEGGY A. QUINCE, in his official and individual capacities, HON. KENNETH B. BELL, in his official and individual capacities, THOMAS HALL, in his official and individual capacities, DEBORAH YARBOROUGH in her official and individual capacities, DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL REGULATION  FLORIDA, CITY OF BOCA RATON, FLA., ROBERT FLECHAUS in his official and individual capacities, ANDREW SCOTT in his official and individual capacities, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORKAPPELLATE DIVISION FIRST DEPARTMENT DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE, THOMAS J. CAHILL in his official and individual capacities, PAUL CURRAN in his official and individual capacities, MARTIN R. GOLD in his official and individual capacities, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION FIRST DEPARTMENT, CATHERINE OHAGEN WOLFE in her official and individual capacities, HON. ANGELA M. MAZZARELLI in her official and individual capacities, HON. RICHARD T. ANDRIAS in his official and individual capacities, HON. DAVID B. SAXE in his official and individual capacities, HON. DAVID FRIEDMAN in his official and individual capacities, HON. LUIZ A. GONZALES in his official and individual capacities, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND DEPARTMENT DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE, LAWRENCE DIGIOVANNA in his official and individual capacities, DIANA MAXFIELD KEARSE in her official and individual capacities, JAMES E. PELTZER in his official and individual capacities, HON. A. GAIL PRUDENTI in her official and individual capacities, HON. JUDITH S. KAYE in her official and individual capacities, STATE OF NEW YORK COMMISSION OF INVESTIGATION, ANTHONY CARTUSCIELLO in his official and individual capacities, LAWYERS FUND FOR CLIENT PROTECTION OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, ELIOT SPITZER in his official and individual capacities, as both former Attorney General for the State of New York, and, as former Governor of the State of New York, COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, VIRGINIA STATE BAR, ANDREW H. GOODMAN in his official and individual capacities, NOEL SENGEL in her official and individual capacities, MARY W. MARTELINO in her official and individual capacities, LIZBETH L. MILLER, in her official and individual capacities, MPEGLA, LLC, LAWRENCE HORN, in his professional and individual capacities, REAL 3D, INC. and successor companies, GERALD STANLEY, in his professional and individual capacities, DAVID BOLTON, in his professional and individual capacities, TIM CONNOLLY, in his professional and individual capacities, ROSALIE BIBONA, in her professional and individual capacities, RYJO, INC., RYAN HUISMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, INTEL CORP., LARRY PALLEY, in his professional and individual capacities, SILICON GRAPHICS, INC., LOCKHEED MARTIN, BLAKELY SOKOLOFF TAYLOR & ZAFMAN, LLP, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, NORMAN ZAFMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, THOMAS COESTER, in his professional and individual capacities, FARZAD AHMINI, in his professional and individual capacities, GEORGE HOOVER, in his professional and individual capacities, WILDMAN, HARROLD, ALLEN & DIXON LLP, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, MARTYN W. MOLYNEAUX, in his professional and individual capacities, MICHAEL DOCKTERMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, HARRISON GOODARD FOOTE, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, EUROPEAN PATENT OFFICE, ALAIN POMPIDOU in his official and individual capacities, WIM VAN DER EIJK in his official and individual capacities, LISE DYBDAHL in her official and personal capacities, YAMAKAWA INTERNATIONAL PATENT OFFICE, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, MASAKI YAMAKAWA, in his professional and individual capacities, CROSSBOW VENTURES, INC., ALPINE VENTURE CAPITAL PARTNERS LP, STEPHEN J. WARNER, in his professional and individual capacities, RENE P. EICHENBERGER, in his professional and individual capacities, H. HICKMAN HANK POWELL, in his professional and individual capacities, MAURICE BUCHSBAUM, in his professional and individual capacities, ERIC CHEN, in his professional and individual capacities, AVI HERSH, in his professional and individual capacities, MATTHEW SHAW, in his professional and individual capacities, BRUCE W. SHEWMAKER, in his professional and individual capacities, RAVI M. UGALE, in his professional and individual capacities, DIGITAL INTERACTIVE STREAMS, INC., ROYAL OBRIEN, in his professional and individual capacities, HUIZENGA HOLDINGS INCORPORATED, WAYNE HUIZENGA, in his professional and individual capacities, WAYNE HUIZENGA, JR., in his professional and individual capacities, TIEDEMANN INVESTMENT GROUP, BRUCE T. PROLOW, in his professional and individual capacities, CARL TIEDEMANN, in his professional and individual capacities, ANDREW PHILIP CHESLER, in his professional and individual capacities, CRAIG L. SMITH, in his professional and individual capacities, HOUSTON & SHAHADY, P.A., and any successors, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, BART A. HOUSTON, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, FURR & COHEN, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, BRADLEY S. SCHRAIBERG, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, MOSKOWITZ, MANDELL, SALIM & SIMOWITZ, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, WILLIAM G. SALIM, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, SACHS SAX & KLEIN, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, BEN ZUCKERMAN, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, SPENCER M. SAX, in his professional and individual capacities, SCHIFFRIN & BARROWAY LLP, and any successors, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, RICHARD SCHIFFRIN, in his professional and individual capacities, ANDREW BARROWAY, in his professional and individual capacities, KRISHNA NARINE, in his professional and individual capacities, CHRISTOPHER & WEISBERG, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, ALAN M. WEISBERG, in his professional and individual capacities, ALBERTO GONZALES in his official and individual capacities, JOHNNIE E. FRAZIER in his official and individual capacities, IVIEWIT, INC., a Florida corporation, IVIEWIT, INC., a Delaware corporation, IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Uview.com, Inc.), UVIEW.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation, IVIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Iviewit Holdings, Inc.), IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Florida corporation, IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Florida corporation, I.C., INC., a Florida corporation, IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation, IVIEWIT.COM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, IVIEWIT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, IVIEWIT CORPORATION, a Florida corporation, IBM CORPORATION.NEW DEFENDANTS IN THE RICO AND ANTITRUST LAWSUIT TO BE ADDED THROUGH AMENDMENT OR IN ANY ANTICIPATED FUTURE LITIGATIONS AND CRIMINAL FILINGS:Andrew Cuomo in his official and individual capacities, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed and approved),Justice Richard C. Wesley in his official and individual capacities,Justice Peter W. Hall in his official and individual capacities,Justice Debra Ann Livingston in her official and individual capacities,Justice Ralph K. Winter in his official and individual capacities,P. Stephen Lamont, (Questions about Lamonts filings on behalf of others and more filed with criminal authorities and this Court notified of the alleged fraudulent activities of Lamont)Justice Shira A. Scheindlin in her official and individual capacities,Alan Friedberg in his official and individual capacities,Roy Reardon in his official and individual capacities,Martin Glenn in his official and individual capacities,Warner Bros. Entertainment, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed and approved),Time Warner Communications, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed and approved),AOL Inc., (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed and approved),Ropes & Gray,Stanford Financial Group,Bernard L. Madoff et al.Marc S. Dreier, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed and approved),Sony Corporation, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed and approved),Ernst & Young, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed and approved),Arthur Andersen, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed and approved),Enron, More Defendants or possible Witnesses Christine C. Anderson, Esq.,Nicole Corrado, Esq.,Frank Brady aka Kevin McKeownRelated Cases Defendants  AppelleesON APPEAL FROM THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURTFOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 07CIV11196 (SAS) BERNSTEIN, ET AL. V APPELLATE DIVISION FIRST DEPARTMENT DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE, ET AL.LEGALLY RELATED NEW YORK SUPREME COURT WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT07CIV9599 (SAS-AJP) CHRISTINE C. ANDERSON V. THE STATE OF NEW YORK, ET AL.LEGALLY RELATED LAWSUITS TO ANDERSON07CIV11196 (SAS) BERNSTEIN, ET AL. V APPELLATE DIVISION FIRST DEPARTMENT DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE, ET AL.07CV11612 ESPOSITO V THE STATE OF NEW YORK, ET AL.08CV00526 CAPOGROSSO V NEW YORK STATE COMMISSION ON JUDICIAL CONDUCT, ET AL.08CV02391MCKEOWN V THE STATE OF NEW YORK, ET AL.08CV02852 GALISON V THE STATE OF NEW YORK, ET AL.08CV03305 CARVEL V THE STATE OF NEW YORK, ET AL.08CV4053 GIZELLA WEISSHAUS V THE STATE OF NEW YORK, ET AL.08CV4438 SUZANNE MCCORMICK V THE STATE OF NEW YORK, ET AL.08CV6368 JOHN L. PETREC-TOLINO V. THE STATE OF NEW YORK06CV05169 MCNAMARA V THE STATE OF NEW YORK, ET AL.-EMERGENCY MOTION TO KISS MY ASS; CRIMINAL COMPLAINTS AGAINST JUSTICES AND OFFICERS OF THIS COURT AND NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL ANDREW CUOMOS OFFICE; HALT PROCEEDING PENDING CONFLICT RESOLUTION AND RESPONSE FROM CRIMINAL AUTHORITIES AND COURT OVERSIGHT; REMOVE THE APPEARANCE OF IMPROPRIETY IN THIS COURT THROUGH CESSATION OF VIOLATIONS OF JUDICIAL CANNONS, ATTORNEY CONDUCT CODES, PUBLIC OFFICE RULES AND REGULATIONS AND LAW; RESTORE ORDER TO THIS COURT!THE JIGGY IS UP ON THE CORRUPTION BY COURT AND PUBLIC OFFICIALS. FRAUD ON COURT BY COURT OFFICIALS EXPOSED BY WHISTLEBLOWER IN LEGALLY RELATED LAWSUITJanuary 05, 2010 US Second Circuit (Circus) orderAppellant Bernstein, pro se, moves to compel the appointment of counsel and for extensive relief. Upon due consideration, it is hereby ORDERED that the motion is DENIED to the extent it seeks to compel the appointment of counsel and the appeal is DISMISSED because it lacks an arguable basis in law or fact. See 28 U.S.C.  1915(e); see also Neitzke v. Williams, 490 U.S. 319, 325 (1989); see also Pillay v. INS, 45 F.3d 14, 17 (2d Cir. 1995) (this Court has inherent authority, wholly aside from any statutory warrant, to dismiss an appeal or petition for review as frivolous when the appeal or petition presents no arguably meritorious issue for our consideration.). It is further ORDERED that the remainder of Appellant Bernsteins motion to compel, and all motions that remain pending before this Court, are DENIED as moot.In response to this Courts ILLEGALLY TENDERED DISMISSAL of Plaintiffs Appeal on January 05, 2010, herein referred to as Illegally Tendered Order of Dismissal , Plaintiff wants to first thank the Court for providing further evidence of certain Members of this Courts CONTINUED CRIMINAL MISCONDUCT. The Illegally Tendered Order of Dismissal provides additional Prima Fascia Evidence for the CRIMINAL COMPLAINTS and REQUEST FOR OVERSIGHT OF THIS COURT already filed with authorities against Members of this Court as explained in Plaintiffs Motion to Compel . The Motion to Compel circulated to both Federal and State Criminal Investigators and this Courts Overseers already and wherefore Plaintiff patiently awaits responses from each as exhibited in the attached Exhibit 1. Members of this Court have already allegedly committed and have been reported for felony crimes and yet they continue conducting massive FRAUD ON THE COURT. Whereby criminal charges are alleged against each Court Official who has put their fingerprints on this lawsuit by issuing any orders or any other actions constituting involvement in the lawsuit, without first resolving ALL, and there are many, Conflicts of Interest, Violations of Judicial Canons, Violations of Attorney Codes of Conduct and Violations of State, Federal and International Laws. All actions and orders of this Court issued prior to resolution of the Conflicts of Interest causing Obstruction of Justice are merely further evidence of the criminal RICO enterprises continued illegal activities alleged in Plaintiffs Federal RICO and Anti-Trust lawsuit. The alleged illegal legal misconduct acts together, in typical legal conspiratorial fashion as defined below in 18 U.S.C 241 and alleged in Plaintiffs RICO STATEMENT, to illegally block Plaintiffs legal Due Process and Procedural Rights, further obstructing Constitutional Rights to Plaintiffs Inventions as guaranteed in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution and federal law. The criminal acts of this Court with scienter to cover-up the crimes in the courts, Obstruct Justice as defined under Title 18 USC and NY State Law, acting to aid and abet the cover-up of multiple violations of Federal, State and International codes of law by the alleged RICO Criminal Enterprise commissioned in the theft of Plaintiffs Intellectual Properties. Again, the alleged RICO Enterprise defined in the RICO STATEMENT is composed mainly of dirty rotten lawyers, law firms, prosecutors, public officials and judges, which is not hard to believe when one knows the original conspirators were leading US law firms with the ability to infiltrate those positions necessary within the courts and prosecutorial offices to block due process. Then there is Christine C. Anderson (Anderson), who filed the legally related WHISTLEBLOWER lawsuit. Anderson fingering in open US Federal Court and before the NY Senate Judiciary Committee, high-ranking court officials, NY State and Federal prosecutorial officials, including but not limited to, the New York Attorney General , the US Attorney, the DA and the ADA. Anderson in a catchall statement claims the WHITEWASHING and FEDERAL AND STATE OBSTRUCTION was also for unnamed favored lawyers and law firms. Until discovery and investigation into just who the favored lawyers and law firms are, Plaintiff has absolute rights to DEMAND conflict disclosure from any/all lawyers involved in this lawsuit. Plaintiff DEMANDS disclosure from all lawyers participating in this lawsuit, including but not limited to, those acting on behalf of the US Attorney, DA, ADA, New York Attorney General, judges (including those at this Court) and all lawyers in any disciplinary regulatory roles acting under the auspice of the New York Supreme Courts. In fact, Anderson names a Cleaner employed by the First Department, Naomi Goldstein, who allegedly Cleans dirty rotten unethical attorney complaints, including for dirty rotten unethical attorney public officials including US Attorneys, DAs and ADAs. Exactly who those favored law firms and lawyers and which US Attorneys, DAs and ADAs Anderson refers to, all remain a mystery due to a failure by public officials to investigate public officials, in many instances themselves, instead representing defendants ILLEGALLY both personally and professionally and CONFLICTING with their public office duties to investigate the accused public officials. These Conflicts of Interest by prosecutorial offices cause Obstruction of Justice and other violations of law described further herein. Finally, the Attorney Generals offices is a defendant in the Amended Complaint and is in need of counsel for their offices in this lawsuit and thus are further conflicted in representing other defendants in this Court, again conflicts being the glue that bind this conspiracy together to block due process.In fact, in an Order dated March 07, 2008, Scheindlin states, By letter to the Court dated March 5, 2008, plaintiffs request that the Court investigate whether the Attorney General for the State of New York suffers from conflicts of interest that prevent him from representing certain defendants (the State Defendants) in this matter. Plaintiffs suggest that the Attorney General is conflicted because they requested that he investigate the allegations underlying this action and because they believe he will be called upon to investigate related allegations as they are exposed. I have considered plaintiffs request and have determined that the Attorney General does not face an improper conflict of interest in representing the State Defendants. If, however, the Attorney General concludes that an investigation of defendants is warranted, then independent counsel would be required.What better reason to investigate the State Defendants then the fact that Anderson has fingered many of the named Defendants in this lawsuit with insider revelations of Obstruction, including but not limited to, Document Destruction, Tampering with Official State and Federal Records, Extortion by Senior Court Officials of Federal Witnesses and more. With Andersons revelations in US Federal Court of the Court and Public Office Corruptions Your Jiggy is Up, Your robes down, Your cover blown and all by an insider; all with tentacles to Members of this Court, all whom must now be wholly disqualified from further ILLEGAL involvement in this lawsuit and arrested for felony crimes already committed. Whereby Plaintiff/Appellee properly has requested a halting of these proceedings in the Motion to Compel in order to investigate the criminal allegations of both Federal and State Obstruction of Justice Laws and more levied by Anderson and now necessary to find out whom exactly the public officials and favored lawyers and law firms are, before proceeding. Your attempts to hurry and dismiss the entire case, prior to resolution by state, federal and international criminal authorities, in efforts to feather your cap with Orders vindicating yourselves and others is laughable to say the least, criminal in fact. Especially in light of the fact that there are ongoing investigations that have led to Suspensions of Plaintiffs Intellectual Properties and there remain ongoing state, federal and international investigations and yet, only in New York are their coordinated efforts to dismiss the matters prior to formal investigations being completed through a plethora of conflicts of interest.Plaintiff DEMANDS a Federal Monitor! A Federal Monitor has also been called for in the Anderson lawsuit and other legally related lawsuits for similar Conflicts of Interest that Obstruct Justice. Conflicts committed again and again by the New York Attorney General, State and Federal Prosecutorial Offices, lawyers and law firms representing the Defendants and the Judges whom allow the illegal Conflicts of Interest to continue to Obstruct Justice with scienter in their courtrooms. Therefore, due to the incestuous conflicts between the New York State and Federal Courts with the New York State and Federal Prosecutorial Offices as testified to by Whistleblower Anderson, this lawsuit must now be moved outside the tangled web of illegal conflicts in New York. Due to the number of Defendants that are high-ranking State and Federal Public Officials in New York alleged herein to have participated in the cover-up crimes whereby it is now further impossible to gain fair and impartial due process in the both the New York courts and investigatory agencies. Further, until discovery in the Anderson case is completed in order to determine just whom exactly these New York Public Officials are that act to criminally Obstruct Justice, fair and impartial due process cannot be had. Therefore, all Orders of the Court(s), all actions by State and Federal investigatory agencies and all representations by ILLEGALLY CONFLICTED COUNSEL, ILLEGALLY CONFLICTED PUBLIC OFFICIALS and COURT OFFICIALS, will eventually be stricken, only to be used as further Prima Fascia evidence of the Criminal Cover-Up inside the Court(s) and state and federal prosecutorial offices.RETORT TO ILLEGALLY TENDERED ORDER OF DISMISSAL  ADDITIONAL citizens arrest of NEW members of this court and the new york attorney general andrew cuomos ofFICE for felony obstruction OF justice and moreAllow me to retort to your Illegally Tendered Order of Dismissal and respond in kind with the fact that this MOTION TO KISS MY ASS will now be attached to your ILLEGALLY TENDERED DISMISSAL and submitted to those same criminal investigators and overseers already petitioned regarding criminal activities of Members of this Court. Your Illegally Tendered Order of Dismissal will serve as further Prima Facie evidence of continued corruption and serve as new evidence for additional complaints against those Court Officials who signed the Illegally Tendered Order of Dismissal, additional to those criminally charged that signed Plaintiffs Motion to Compel and other Orders in these matters. Again, let Plaintiff remind the Court that Plaintiff has already made a Formal Citizens Arrest, as defined by Blacks Law Dictionary as, The apprehending or detaining of a person in order to be forthcoming to answer an alleged or suspected crime Ex parte Sherwood, (29 Tex. App. 334, 15 S.W. 812) and further defined within New York State Consolidated Law which holds that Any person may arrest another person (a) for a felony when the latter has in fact committed such felony, and (b) for any offense when the latter has in fact committed such offense in his presence (N.Y.C.L. 140.30) of certain Members of the Court in Plaintiffs Motion to Compel, including but not limited to, Dishonorable Judge Ralph Winters and Defendant and Witness in Plaintiffs RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit and Witness and former Defendant in Anderson, Clerk of this Court, Catherine OHagan Wolfe (Wolfe) . Wolfe is also a central Witness in this lawsuit, a Defendant in Plaintiffs lawsuit, formerly Clerk of the Court for Defendant the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department and now the Clerk of this Court handling THIS LAWSUIT. Wolfe, refusing along with the other accused Second Circuit (Circus) Judges and all those handling these matters preceding them to affirm or deny conflict by signing a simple and necessary affirmed Conflict of Interest Waiver attached as Exhibit 3, prior to ANY action in this lawsuit. A simple conflict disclosure prior to action to insure fair and impartial due process, denied repeatedly by every lawyer and judge already involved in these matters, many now Defendants, in a lawsuit already fraught with CONFIRMED Conflicts of Interest. Confirmed Conflicts of Interest by Hon. Judge Shira Scheindlin whereby in an order dated March 21st 2008, Scheindlin states, Any further consideration of the substantive issues raised by plaintiffs, including plaintiffs requests regarding conflict of interest, must await resolution of anticipated motions to dismiss. Where Motions to Dismiss were decided on August 08, 2008 and yet resolution of the conflicts remains un-resolved and thus one must ask how a case fraught with identified conflicts can continue to move forward and continue compiling more and more unresolved and allowed with scienter Conflicts of Interest in order to Obstruct Justice. Plaintiff denied due process from the start, as conflict existed from the start and where due process that is wholly dependent on a CONFLICT FREE COURT cannot exist in a Court fraught with unresolved and further confirmed Conflicts. Whereby Scheindlin erred in attempting to dismiss the case based on pleadings submitted in conflict and must be forced by this Court to first clear the conflicts and then after independent non-conflicted counsel submits new pleadings, then rule, after all those in conflict are removed.Whereby Plaintiff now again DEMANDS signing of the attached Conflict of Interest Disclosure in Exhibit 3 by any member of this Court or any Officer of the Court, including Defendant Counsel, prior to any action, including ruling in any way or in part on this Motion to Kiss My Ass. Let this EMERGENCY MOTION TO KISS MY ASS also serve as notice of additional Citizens Arrest for felony violations of state, federal and international law, against the three new signing Justices of the Illegally Tendered Dismissal Order, Richard C. Wesley, Peter W. Hall and Debra Ann Livingston and additionally the New York Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo.. Criminal Investigators and Oversight authorities already noticed of the prior felony crimes of this Court will be notified to start Criminal Investigations of the new Members of the Court and NY AG, involved in attempting to illegally derail this Lawsuit and bury the Whistleblower claims of Anderson. Additionally, Plaintiff seeks Leave to Amend the RICO and Antitrust Lawsuit to include all those listed in Exhibit 1 as additional defendants in the RICO lawsuit based on new evidence of the criminal activities of the RICO Enterprise.Additionally, let this MOTION TO KISS MY ASS serve as formal notice to the New York Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo and all Members of his staff, who continue ILLEGALLY to represent State Defendants, including their offices, in this lawsuit. Representations that are in VIOLATION OF LAW and PUBLIC OFFICE DUTIES, while simultaneously denying Honest Services to the People of New York in prosecuting internal corruption in the Courts, that they too are being reported to State, Federal and International Authorities for their Criminal Acts alleged herein and in Plaintiffs Motion to Compel. Due to the fact that the New York Attorney General is representing the State Defendants in this Lawsuit, service of this Motion to Kiss My Ass will also serve as formal notice of Criminal Allegations levied against the New York Attorney Generals office. This Motion to Kiss My Ass will also further serve as notice that a Citizens Arrest for felonious misconduct made herein also serves as a request for Members of the New York Attorney General involved already in these matters to turn themselves in to the proper authorities for their felonious misconduct and for criminal prosecution under law. Members of this Court named herein and in Plaintiffs Motion to Compel who continue to adjudicate despite confirmed obvious multiple conflicts that obstruct in violations of law, violations of attorney conduct codes and judicial canons in these matters, are no longer trusted, in fact, they are suspect and soon to be Defendants in all forthcoming lawsuits and any amended complaint in this lawsuit. Court Members who have allowed these conflicts with scienter and continue to issue orders tendered in Conflict constituting Fraud on the Court, now not only are considered suspect but also alleged complicit accomplices in the furtherance of the RICO and Antitrust claims of Plaintiffs lawsuit. As the orders of this Court are fraudulently concocted, then conveyed interstate through transmission via facsimile and US Mail, additional charges of mail and wire fraud will be reported to those Criminal Authorities and Overseers already petitioned regarding this Courts illegal conduct. Whereby, until such time that Law Enforcement and legitimate Court Overseers already petitioned herein and in Plaintiffs Motion to Compel, can determine the veracity of the criminal allegations and render Your illegal legal actions legal, Plaintiff ignores all such Orders and actions of the Court. The Courts haughty urgency to dismiss this case, despite the request to HALT the case pending review by Law Enforcement and legitimate Court Overseers, as it is protocol and Plaintiffs due process rights that any appearance of conflict or impropriety must be removed to allow for a fair and ethical court proceeding. In addition, the fact that Andersons case remains ONGOING which is highly reflective of issues of this case at bar, makes this Court and its associates highly suspicious for refusing to HALT the case pending review. If this Courts Jesters have nothing to hide, certainly they will welcome a fair review of their actions by their Oversights and Law Enforcement. Again, Plaintiff urges the Court to Halt the Proceedings pending the outcome of the Criminal Complaints and requests for Oversight of this Courts Members accused herein and filed with Criminal Authorities and Oversights already. All future Orders or Actions while Conflicts exist will further be used as prima fascia evidence of this Court and its corrupt cronies continued CRIMINAL CONDUCT and every action of the Courts Members will serve as a new complaint for felony violations of law. Denial of Due Process through Denial of Right to Counsel through Extortion of Lawyers and Court Personnel to obstruct justice, evidenced in LEGALLY RELATED whistleblower anderson lawsuitIt is only comprehensible that the Court continues handling the Appeal despite a plethora of Conflicts of Interest, Violations of Public Office Rules & Regulations, Violations of Judicial Cannons and VIOLATIONS of State and Federal Felony Laws by court officials and attorneys involved directly in this Lawsuit, many acting illegally as their own counsel because they are not truly intelligent and qualified attorneys/judges. Since their only manner to win a case is by illegal and unethical means, their actions are in violation of law and therefore establish a FRAUD ON THE COURT, which ultimately invalidates all orders and actions by Members of this Court. Most interesting is that the Court first attempts to dismiss the Motion to Compel to the extent it seeks to compel the appointment of counsel while failing to deal with the multitude of other issues, including the Criminal Misconduct of Members of this Court. As a reminder, this Federal RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit was initially filed to complement and support the efforts of a Whistleblower, Christine C. Anderson and her heroic efforts to expose systemic corruption inside the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division. In fact, the very beginnings of this lawsuit are wholly related to Anderson, as Plaintiff was brought into the matters through a former DDC employee, Frank Brady aka Kevin McKeown, who knew or knew of Christine Andersons plight and other lawsuits and whereby McKeown and several other lawsuits are legally related cases to the ongoing Anderson lawsuit. McKeown has also given testimony before the NY Senate Judiciary Committee with Anderson and me. Whereby, Anderson in her original complaint mentions Plaintiffs formal complaints against New York Supreme Court Officers as it relates to her lawsuit and then was so enticed to file a Federal RICO lawsuit in support thereof.My support of Andersons efforts are to help take a bite out of the crime plaguing New York and its dirty courts. The courts should pay Plaintiffs counsel to clean its own house of corruption that extends to this Court, with a lawyer in Ohio perhaps. For is it Plaintiffs job as a US Citizen, an individual, to pay for lawsuits with direct ties to a Whistleblower Lawsuit with claims that Public Officials and Court Officials have violated multitudes of CRIMINAL ACTS INCLUDING OBSTRUCTION IN STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS!!! Where the crimes are virtually identical to those I had claimed for several years before knowing a Whistleblower would come forth wholly supporting and validating Plaintiffs MERITORIOUS claims, further exposing the criminal official misconduct affecting Plaintiffs due process rights through OBSTRUCTION? Even cases that are not identical, the victims still suffer due to similar behind-the-scene corrupt cronies that converge as to how they can milk the last dime from a victim no matter the circumstances nor the issues. Blatant crimes are committed because the link of the cronies allow for favors and cover-ups and in the long run, the same hierarchy are the ones that ultimately are behind the schemes.Further, the denial of counsel is an attempt to dismiss Plaintiffs Motion to Compel without addressing the germane conflicts and violations of law, which would preclude this Courts handling the Motion to Compel, as the Members of this Court named therein would be under investigation for the alleged felonious Court misconduct. The criminal acts of the Members of this Court are purposely calculated to disable Plaintiffs due process rights, so that Plaintiffs rights to private counsel are denied through a system of EXTORTION of lawyers and court personnel by those in charge of the courts. Anderson and (ASK ELIOT TO define Corrado) Corrado each in their Whistleblowing Motions exposed the methods used to silence SUPREME COURT OFFICIALS who attempt to make public the corruption. The resulting backlash is to bully these Whistleblowers for standing up to the corruption, which now causes lawyers and court officials who wish to act as and who do act as Whistleblowers to fear for their lives and livelihoods or comply with the criminal acts. In fact, Corrado had threats levied against her, a New York State Supreme Court First Department STAFF ATTORNEY, on her way to testify in a FEDERAL LAWSUIT by shockingly SUPREME COURT OF NY OFFICIALS, as she went to give deposition testimony in support of the Anderson case. The following sworn statement from Anderson exhibits all of the criminal elements of TITLE 18 OBSTRUCTION, EXTORTION OF A FEDERAL WITNESS IN A PUBLIC CORRUPTION TRIAL and more.From Andersons sworn statement Plaintiff quotes,Although the then Chief Counsel of the DDC, Thomas Cahill, stepped down in 2007, evidence clearly establishes that under the leadership of Alan Friedberg, the current Chief Counsel, the same practice of corruption and whitewashing of complaints continues. Such practice robs the public of any hope at justice; it also works to the detriment of the very public the DDC is duty-bound to serve. During the course of my litigation against the DDC, a former colleague of mine, who still works as a Principal Attorney at the DDC, agreed to testify on my behalf at a deposition. This former colleague, Nicole Corrado, has been employed by the DDC for approximately eight years, prior to which she worked as a prosecutor for New York State. On the morning of her deposition, however, while en route to her deposition, Ms. Corrado was approached on the street by a supervisor at the DDC, who threatened and intimidated her with respect to her upcoming deposition testimony. Although terribly shaken, Ms. Corrado nonetheless sat for her deposition and testified truthfully. Following her deposition, however, Ms. Corrado has been subjected to further harassment and intimidation at the hands of the DDC. She has been forced to take a leave of absence as a result.Thus, honest lawyers inside the court system or outside of the court system fear for their lives and their livelihoods in attempting to expose THIS COURTs corruption. They are afraid to show their true feelings of spitting in your rotten faces for fear of them being bullied and suffering repercussion. For these reasons this Court should provide counsel for a Plaintiff and even protection for the Plaintiff and attorneys who are brave enough to represent and expose the systemic corruption of the courts if this Courts true intent is to uphold the law and give justice, otherwise by this Courts refusal to provide counsel for a Plaintiff and protection for the Plaintiff and attorneys, just confirms that this Court is just as corrupt and in league and partners with the despicable and loathsome bullies in this matter at bar. Private attorneys who would normally represent injured parties also fear taking on these cases where Judges, Lawyers, Law Firms and Prosecutors are named Defendants, for fear they will be disbarred or precluded from business by the Courts or worse threatened in the same manner that Anderson and Corrado were threatened, bullied and eventually suffered loss of their employment. In fact, the evidence proves that this argument confirms the denial of due process caused through this extortionary usurping of both right to counsel and right to fair and impartial due process by the courts, including on complaints against court officers and lawsuits against them, through this extortionary tactic of threatening lawyers and court personnel to be silent about the corruption or else be bullied, as described by both Anderson, Corrado and the related cases which furthers Plaintiffs RICO claims. Anderson also testified that she eye-witnessed document destruction of case files and other forms of OBSTRUCTION. Again, further evidence of BRAND NEW Criminal Obstruction of these Federal proceedings deny Plaintiffs inherent right to counsel, right to fair and impartial law and denial of Plaintiffs due process rights under the US and NY Constitutions. The very real, non-frivolous, meritorious claims of Anderson are that criminal activities in the NY courts are taking place with not only the US Attorneys and the District Attorneys involved, but additionally for yet the unknown favored law firms and lawyers as Anderson testified in US Federal Judge Shira Scheindlins courtroom. Perhaps this Courts rush to dismiss the related cases to Anderson comes in fear that if Plaintiffs are allowed discovery of who these favored law firms and lawyers are, the lawsuits that have related cases would all be subject to reinvestigation, the corrupt judges, lawyers and their vine work of cronies would be exposed, arrested and convicted and at conflict free hearings, the wall of corruption would come crumbling down upon this Court.The Constitutional Rights to Counsel is being prevented through extortion of lawyers by those controlling the legal process and legal establishment, yet even with all this evidence, including the fact that Plaintiffs case is virtually identical to Andersons which exposes the corruption, and Plaintiffs case which is against many of the same people fingered by Anderson, this Court states that Plaintiffs claims are non meritorious. Therefore, any conclusion reached by Members of this Court, acting outside their official duties, and in violation of felony law, are worthless conclusions as they are concocted as part of the overall Fraud on the Court proceedings and committed by Members of this Court. We shall now allow the Criminal Authorities and your Overseers to have a say about your heavy-handed attempts to deny due process to your victims through this racketeering behavior inside the halls of justice, that act to prevent honest attorneys, Whistleblowers and private injured parties from exposing any corruption. The Motion to Compel which was already forwarded to criminal authorities and the Courts overseers is an initial formal complaint of the allegations against Members of this Court and more.Even though you have turned a deaf ear, Plaintiff will continue to be straight up and in your face. If the crooked Members of this Court think they are going to aid and abet the Criminal Enterprise which is comprised of dirty rotten criminal Law Firms, Lawyers, Prosecutors and Judges, whom with scienter conspire to attempt to steal Plaintiffs Intellectual Properties through the commission of crimes, including but not limited to, Fraud on the United States Patent Office, Fraud on Foreign Nations and Fraud on a United States Court, using brute force Denial of Due Process through Criminal Obstruction to achieve the blocking of Plaintiffs rights, you are seriously mistaken. There are too many of us that you have abused for too long, therefore your actions to block Plaintiffs rights to Due Process to Aid and Abet in the theft of Plaintiffs Intellectual Properties have now added the Members of this Court named herein to the long list of dirty rotten lawyers, judges and public officials masquerading as justice officials that are already Defendants in Plaintiffs Federal RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit. Plaintiff again reminds you that the case is marked legally RELATED to the ongoing WHISTLEBLOWER case of Anderson. Therefore, take this MOTION TO KISS MY ASS as FORMAL NOTICE that the court officials and others listed in Exhibit 1 are added to Plaintiffs ongoing litigation and all future litigations. Due to the Intellectual Property (IP) matters at stake, where the clock has been frozen due to SUSPENSION of the intellectual properties by the US Patent Office due to ONGOING FEDERAL INVESTIGATIONS, each crooked participant can anticipate legal actions to continue at a minimum of twenty (2)0 years from the time the IP is released from suspension and as all these actions of the Court are part of a larger Fraud on the Courts, these cases will be appealed forever or until justice and order are returned to the Courts and the criminals within the Courts are removed. Therefore, the Court Officials added as new Defendants herein may find this lawsuit going forward similar to a bad divorce that you cannot escape from for the next twenty years or more and as such, Plaintiff welcomes you to Iviewit.What Is and What Is Not MERITORIOUS in the LAWSUIT before this CourtFraud upon the court has been defined by the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals to embrace that species of fraud which does, or attempts to, defile the court itself, or is a fraud perpetrated by officers of the court so that the judicial machinery can not perform in the usual manner its impartial task of adjudging cases that are presented for adjudication. Kenner v. C.I.R., 387 F.3d 689 (1968); 7 Moores Federal Practice, 2d ed., p. 512, _ 60.23. The 7th Circuit further stated a decision produced by fraud upon the court is not in essence a decision at all, and never becomes final.What Is Not Frivolous1. Certainly, it is not frivolous that this lawsuit has been marked, along with others, as legally RELATED to an ONGOING Whistleblower lawsuit by Federal Judge Shira Scheindlin. Anderson, the Whistleblower, has fingered the offices of the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department, the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department  Departmental Disciplinary Committee, the United States Attorney New York Offices, the New York District Attorney Offices, the New York Assistant District Attorney, Favored Law Firms and Lawyers and the New York Attorney Generals Office. Anderson similarly accuses them all of felonious conduct and mentions Plaintiffs companies Iviewit directly in her original filing with the US District Court. Anderson fingers some of the exact agencies and individuals as the ones that Plaintiff has pointed out in Plaintiffs complaints, alleging similar and identical ILLEGAL TITLE 18 OBSTRUCTIONS OF JUSTICE by the corrupted officials within the agencies. 2. In fact, Anderson and Plaintiffs lawsuit share similar defendants, including a member of this Court, the Clerk of this Court who actively participates in Plaintiffs lawsuit and the related cases in violation of the rules of this Court. Anderson also has as a defendant Chief Counsel Thomas Cahill of the First Dept DDC, accused of almost the identical crimes in Plaintiffs lawsuit. In fact, Anderson blew the whistle much after Plaintiffs formal complaints against the same agencies and individuals which Plaintiff complained of, but Plaintiffs filed complaints were dismissed illegally through a series of Conflicts of Interest, Violations of Public Offices and Law. Whereby Andersons almost identical claims filed years later in her lawsuit, confirmed many of Plaintiffs earlier claims; claims that Conflicts of Interest existed in the courts and now proven not only to exist but now confirmed by an insider gone Whistleblowing.3. Very real, meritorious and non-frivolous allegations were made by the Whistleblower, including but not limited to, claims of Conflicts of Interest acting to Obstruct Justice through Criminal Activities for Favored Lawyers and Law Firms, US Attorneys, DAs, ADAs and Ethics Department Officials. Again, very real, non-frivolous Conflicts of Interest, Violations of Public Office, Violations of Judicial Cannons, Violations of Ethical Codes and Violations of State, Federal and International Laws were exposed by the Whistleblower.4. Those very real and non-frivolous allegations by the Whistleblower are similar and identical to Plaintiffs very real and non-frivolous claims of Conflict of Interest, Denial of Due Process and Public Office Violations constituting Criminal Obstruction, contained in an earlier filing with the First Department which led to an Order by Five Justices of the First Department for investigations of three attorneys, and the Chief Counsel Thomas Cahill for Conflicts and the Appearance of Impropriety. Anderson, in her Original Complaint further points to Plaintiffs Motion filed against these senior Members of the NY Supreme Court and Law Firms that led to the Orders for Investigation. Investigations later found derailed through further illegal obfuscations of Justices and where no investigation has yet been performed and whereby the Justices who have failed to force the investigations they ordered are now Defendants in this case. Whereby, the motion Anderson points to, which led to the Orders for Investigation where directed by Catherine OHagan Wolfe, Clerk of this Court, Defendant in Plaintiffs Lawsuit, Witness in My Lawsuit, initial Defendant in Andersons lawsuit, now witness in Andersons lawsuit, who aided me in filing the motion and placing herself heroically into the crossfire by allowing the filing to point directly to her damning statements, and also led to the orders for investigation in part. Damning statements against heads of the Departments and former Presidents of the New York State Bar Association and tentacle to former head of the New York Courts, Judith Kaye, is a central Defendant in Plaintiffs lawsuit.5. Whereby those very real, non-frivolous and meritorious Orders for Investigation, Unpublished Orders that have never been fulfilled or ruled upon by the First Department since, shows that those judges failed to notify the proper authorities of what they found as required by their Judicial Cannons for now several years. Instead, these crooked First Department choose to conceal and bury away their findings of Conflicts of Interest and the Appearance of Impropriety, in order to cover up the crimes discovered and confirmed against senior Members of the courts and the disciplinary agencies. 6. The very real, non-frivolous and meritorious fact that Anderson has won her claim in court further proved that her First Amendment Rights to Free Speech were violated during her attempt to expose the corruptions.7. The very real, non-frivolous and meritorious Conflicts of Interest that act to block Due Process by creating Felonious State and Federal Obstruction of Justice. Obstruction that exists in both the Anderson lawsuit and this Lawsuit created by the New York Attorney General acting in Violation of Law through ILLEGAL representation of the accused Public Officials he is obligated by his Public Office duties to investigate. NY Executive Law:  63. General duties. The attorney-general shall:1. Prosecute and defend all actions and proceedings in which the state is interested, and have charge and control of all the legal business of the departments and bureaus of the state, or of any office thereof which requires the services of attorney or counsel, in order to protect the interest of the stateThe NYAG instead of advising their state defendant clients to get counsel due to the Conflict of Interest and Legal Obligations to Protect the Public instead has failed to do anything but put up a SHAM defense in Federal Court to protect the accused, failing Honest Service duties to the Public by conflicting their offices from prosecuting allegations of Whistleblowers and more against Public Officials through illegal representations and more and failing, including but not limited to,Public Officers Rule 17 2(b)(b) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (a) of this subdivision, the employee shall be entitled to be represented by the attorney general, provided, however, that the employee shall be entitled to representation by private counsel of his choice in any civil judicial proceeding whenever the attorney general determines based upon his investigation and review of the facts and circumstances of the case that representation by the attorney general would be inappropriate, or whenever a court of competent jurisdiction, upon appropriate motion or by a special proceeding, determines that a conflict of interest exists and that the employee is entitled to be represented by private counsel of his choice. 8. In fact, this conflict is further insipid in that it entirely blocks investigation by the NY AG for CRIMINAL FELONY ACTS now alleged by Whistleblower Anderson in riveting testimony in US Federal Court, before the NY Senate Judiciary Committee and in Sworn Statements, whereby NY AG Andrew Cuomos Office is wholly aware of these allegations against their client, the defendants but cannot investigate those they are already representing. Thus, the NY AG should have brought in NON CONFLICTED CRIMINAL INVESTIGATORS to handle the allegations that the NY AG is unable to investigate due to its conflicts and involvement as defendant in many of the related cases to Anderson. This block acts thus as OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE through CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, VIOLATIONS OF PUBLIC OFFICE RULES & REGULATIONS and LAW and must stop. Since certain Members of this Court and certain Members of the US District Court have failed to stop the illegal representation, even after repeated requests and full notification, it becomes apparent that Members of this Court and Members of the US District Court have aided and abetted this RICO and Antitrust Criminal Organization.9. There are very real and non-frivolous Conflicts of Interest in this case on Appeal before this Court, deemed SUBSTANTIVE by Federal Judge Shira Scheindlin, again very real and all very factual Conflicts of Interest, no frivolity here and factually, the case allowed to proceed without first removing the conflicts, thus blocking due process and procedure.10. Nicole Corrado Threats to a Federal Witness by Public Officials11. Ongoing Patent Suspensions and Investigations12. Ongoing New York Senate Judiciary Committee Hearings whereby investigations by the Committee have led to formation of Task Force according to Chairman, Hon. Senator John L. Sampson13. Ongoing House and Senate Judiciary Committee Investigations14. Other Related cases all with similar claims and all matching Andersons general allegations.15. Car Bombing16. Officials of This Court refusal to stop ILLEGAL representations of Iviewit Shareholders and Companies by P. Stephen Lamont and in fact ruling ILLEGALLY on those filings, also to be used as additional evidence to State and Federal Authorities of continued Criminal Activities within the Court.What Is Frivolous1. This Court and the US District Courts Orders are all Frivolous. The Dismissal Order dated blah is frivolous and criminal, as is Scheindlins Dismissal Order dated August 08, 2008. Both tendered through violations of Judicial Cannons, Attorney Conduct Codes, Public Office Rules and Regulations and Law, serving only as further attempts to deny due process to Plaintiffs valid claims and further aid and abet those favored lawyers and law firms in concealing their crimes. All the while avoiding and attempting to CONCEAL material facts in the case before you, perhaps because Court Officials are steeped in the allegations and have very real conflict issues and other violations of law constituting FRAUD ON THIS COURT, by Members of this Court, merely criminals in robes. Everything this Court transacts in these matters while failing to follow its own rules and law, to say the least, is truly frivolous and at minimum Federal Felonies. As Criminal Authorities and Your Overseers are being formally petitioned to intercede in these matters and determine if your illegal actions constitute grounds for criminal indictments and prosecution, Plaintiff wishes to HALT the proceedings, again pending final resolution of the complaints levied already against this Court, see  SEC, FBI and Others Complaint @ http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=274 17. and for a signed color copy for your records, please print and incorporate in entirety by reference herein, the following URL http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20100206%20FINAL%20SEC%20FBI%20and%20more%20COMPLAINT%20Against%20Warner%20Bros%20Time%20Warner%20AOL176238nscolorlow.pdf . 18. What is not Frivolous is that the Whistleblower case has not been completed and therefore how can this Court rush to Justice on a related case and attempt to Dismiss the case prior to completion of the related case?THEREFORE; THIS COURT CAN TAKE THIS MOTION TO KISS MY ASS AND MORE AND SHOVE IT UP YOURS. THEREFORE, PLAINTIFF / APPELLEE, ELIOT IVAN BERNSTEIN CANNOT BE BOUND BY ILL GOTTEN, ILLEGALLY GAINED, ORDERS OF THIS COURT UNTIL ALL ILLEGAL CONFLICTS AND OBSTRUCTIONS OF JUSTICE ARE RESOLVED WITH COURT OFFICIALS. THEREFORE, I BID YOU ADIEU IN LIEU PATIENTLY AWAITING THE RESULTS OF CRIMINAL INVESTIGATIONS BEARING WITNESS TO THESE MATTERS, SUMMONED REGARDING THIS COURTS FELONY CRIMINAL INVOLVEMENT. THEREFORE, THIS COURT MUST HALT THE PROCEEDING AS PLAINTIFF HAS. WHAT ARE YOU IN SUCH A HURRY TO DISMISS THE CASE, JUST WHEN IT WAS GETTING JUICY WITH ANDERSON POINTING FINGERS AT ALL OF YOU FAVORED LAWYERS AND LAW FIRMS DRESSED AS HONEST LAWYERS BUT REALLY JUST ORDINARY CRIMINALS?EXHIBIT 1  FEDERAL & STATE CRIMINAL COMPLAINTS FILEDEXHIBIT 1 - CRIMINAL COMPLAINTSJustices Richard C. Wesley, Peter W. Hall and Debra Ann Livingston of the New York Second Circuit Court and Catherine OHagan Wolfe  Clerk of the Court March 02, 2010 Expose Corrupt Courts ~ Committee On Public Integrity Calls On Feds for Federal Monitor Over NY State Court System - Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. (Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.) http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2010/03/committee-calls-on-us-attorney-and-fbi.html Justice Shira A. Scheindlin of the United States District Court  Southern District of New YorkThe New York Attorney General ~ Eliot Spitzer and Andrew CuomoNew York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department  Departmental Disciplinary Committee ~ Roy Reardon, Alan Friedberg March 05, 2010 Expose Corrupt Courts - Committee on Public Integrity Asks Governor David A. Paterson to Stop Funding State Ethics Committees and Order Immediate Performance Auditshttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2010/03/committee-to-governor-paterson-turn.html P. Stephen Lamontwhistleblower christine c. Anderson Related CrimesNew York Attorney General  Illegal Representation / ObstructionFirst Department Obstructions and other CrimesUS Attorney  New YorkNew York District AttorneyNew York Assistant District AttorneyFederal Bankruptcy Judge Martin GlennProskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner, Virginia Attorney General, Meltzer Lippe Goldstein & Schlissel, Raymond Joao & Greenberg TraurigThe following CRIMINAL COMPLAINT contains complaints against Public Officials and others who are allegedly Violating Public Office Rules and Regulations, Judicial Cannons, Attorney Conducts Codes, State, Federal and International Laws. Many of those involved have been found violating public offices through Conflicts of Interest and more, and therefore, prior to any action on these matters, all investigators or others involved in the procedural handling of these matters are requested to sign and return the attached Conflict of Interest Disclosure Form, prior to any action. In addition to the Federal Code Violations below, additional State, Federal and International laws have been violated in furtherance of a Criminal Conspiracy to commit not only Fraud against myself and Iviewit companies, but Criminal Conspiracy to commit Fraud against the United States and Foreign Nations. For a list of Criminal Activities alleged and of all those complained of herein, have aided and abetted, please visit http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/oneofthesedays/index.htm . Note that the laws cited below and in referred link are not complete lists of the Criminal Acts, as due to the denials of due process and procedure in various venues the Criminal Acts continue to pile up daily, also adding new defendants.Federal Laws violated, including but not limited to,Conspiracy Against Rights, 18 U.S.C.  241. Deprivation of Rights Under Color of Law, 18 U.S.C.  242. ****{ELIOT TO draft as follows and I will edit: include Title 18 #1346, see link for discussionWikipedia link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honest_services_fraud also, comment only government attorneys can use this.TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73 1505. Obstruction of proceedings before departments, agencies, and committeesTITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1503. Influencing or injuring officer or juror generallyTITLE 18 > PART I > CHAPTER 73 >  1505 Obstruction of proceedings before departments, agencies, and committees.TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1506 Theft or alteration of record or process; false bailTITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1509 Obstruction of court ordersTITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1512 Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant.TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1514 Civil action to restrain harassment of a victim or witness******{Eliot to comment who is the local agent in each bankruptcy district used? Does the insert go here or within the DEFEINITIONS as specific area of bankruptcy is discussed below? Or on PAGE 50 Under Bankruptcy FRAUDS} TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1515 Definitions for certain provisions; general provisionTITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 73  1519 Destruction, alteration, or falsification of records in Federal investigations and bankruptcyTITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 9  152 Concealment of assets; false oaths and claims; bribery.TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 9  154 Adverse interest and conduct of officers.TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 9  157 Bankruptcy fraud.TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 9  158 Designation of United States attorneys and agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to address abusive reaffirmations of debt and materially fraudulent statements in bankruptcy schedules.TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 11  201 Bribery of public officials and witnesses.TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 11  225 Continuing financial crimes enterprise.TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 19  371 Conspiracy to commit offense or to defraud United States.TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 21  402 Contempts constituting crimes.TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 31  641 Public money, property or records.TITLE 18 PART I CHAPTER 95  1959 Violent crimes in aid of racketeering activity.While the laws stated above refer to new Defendants, whom will be added to all future litigations, in crimes committed to deny Plaintiffs due process and procedural rights, others in Public Office in New York have aided and abetted the crimes defined already herein through similar State and Federal Laws. Therefore, let this filing also serve as a Formal and Procedural Criminal Complaints against the following agencies and individuals named below. Evidence of the various violated codes provided with links to prior and ongoing complaints.****{Eliot to comment on defrauded Patent Office and federal courts - - Does it go here???}STATE LAW VIOLATIONS NEW YORK, VIRGINIA, FLORIDA and delawareCriminal violations of NY Law by the Defendants in this action*****{Eliot to comment what lawful orders are there here? - - Does this go here?}Part 1Proskauer Rose attorneys and Lamont(?) And others ____fill in__________________ initially committed the following crimes in order to obtain patent rights:Their criminal liability is based on the following: (the complete text of mentioned laws is in appendix following) 110.00 Attempt to commit a crime.  20.00 Criminal liability for conduct of another. 105.05 Conspiracy in the fifth degree. 105.10 Conspiracy in the fourth degree. 115.00 Criminal facilitation in the fourth degree.The underlying crimes were: 125.25 Murder in the second degree. 125.20 Manslaughter in the first degree. 135.60 Coercion in the second degree 155.42 Grand larceny in the first degree. 170.15 Forgery in the first degree. 170.30 Criminal possession of a forged instrument in the first degree. 175.10 Falsifying business records in the first degree. 175.25 Tampering with public records in the first degree. 175.35 Offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree. 195.05 Obstructing governmental administration in the second degree. 200.04 Bribery in the first degree. 200.22 Rewarding official misconduct in the first degree. 200.40 Bribe giving and bribe receiving for public office; 210.15 Perjury in the first degree. 210.45 Making a punishable false written statement. 460.20 Enterprise corruption. *******************************************************{Eliot to comment re: Cuomo is not covered by Public Officers Law, but his underlings are.Part 2The following public employees_________________ and the NY Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, committed the following crimes in covering up and protecting the above mentioned criminals in the first paragraph: 20.00 Criminal liability for conduct of another. 105.05 Conspiracy in the fifth degree. 105.10 Conspiracy in the fourth degree. 115.00 Criminal facilitation in the fourth degree. The underlying crimes were: 125.25 Murder in the second degree. 125.20 Manslaughter in the first degree. 135.60 Coercion in the second degree 155.42 Grand larceny in the first degree. 170.15 Forgery in the first degree. 170.30 Criminal possession of a forged instrument in the first degree. 175.25 Tampering with public records in the first degree. 175.35 Offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree. 195.05 Obstructing governmental administration in the second degree. 210.15 Perjury in the first degree. 460.20 Enterprise corruption. And they in addition committed the following crimes as public officers: 195.00 Official misconduct. 200.12 Bribe receiving in the first degree. 200.27 Receiving reward for official misconduct in the first degree.*********************************************************8Part 3Andrew Cuomo in addition to the above crimes in Part 2 violated Executive Law  63. General duties.Also, Andrew Cuomo violated Public Officer Law: 74. Code of ethics. 2. Rule with respect to conflicts of interest.No officer or employee of a state agency, member of the legislature or legislative employee should have any interest, financial or otherwise, direct or indirect, or engage in any business or transaction or professional activity or incurany obligation of any nature, which is in substantial conflict with the proper discharge of his duties in the public interest. 3. Standards.a. No officer or employee of a state agency, member of the legislature or legislative employee should accept other employment which will impair his independence of judgment in the exercise of his official duties.d. No officer or employee of a state agency, member of the legislature or legislative employee should use or attempt to use his or her official position to secure unwarranted privileges or exemptions for himself or herself or others, including but not limited to, the misappropriation to himself, herself or to others of the property, services or other resources of the state for private business or other compensated non-governmental purposes.e. No officer or employee of a state agency, member of the legislature or legislative employee should engage in any transaction as representative or agent of the state with any business entity in which he has a direct or indirect financial interest that might reasonably tend to conflict with the proper discharge of his official duties.f. An officer or employee of a state agency, member of the legislature or legislative employee should not by his conduct give reasonable basis for the impression that any person can improperly influence him or unduly enjoy his favor in the performance of his official duties, or that he is affected by the kinship, rank, position or influence of any party or person.h. An officer or employee of a state agency, member of the legislature or legislative employee should endeavor to pursue a course of conduct which will not raise suspicion among the public that he is likely to be engaged in acts that are in violation of his trust. **********************************************************APPENDIX OF APPLICABLE NY LAWS 20.00 Criminal liability for conduct of another..  105.05 Conspiracy in the fifth degree. 105.10 Conspiracy in the fourth degree. 110.00 Attempt to commit a crime. 115.00 Criminal facilitation in the fourth degree. 135.60 Coercion in the second degree. 155.42 Grand larceny in the first degree. 170.15 Forgery in the first degree. 170.30 Criminal possession of a forged instrument in the first degree. 175.10 Falsifying business records in the first degree. 175.25 Tampering with public records in the first degree. 175.35 Offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree. 195.00 Official misconduct. 195.05 Obstructing governmental administration in the second degree. 200.04 Bribery in the first degree. 200.12 Bribe receiving in the first degree. 200.22 Rewarding official misconduct in the first degree. 200.27 Receiving reward for official misconduct in the first degree. 200.40 Bribe giving and bribe receiving for public office; definitionof term. 210.15 Perjury in the first degree. 210.45 Making a punishable false written statement. 460.20 Enterprise corruption.Executive Law: 63. General duties. The attorney-general shall:Public Officer Law 74. Code of ethics. EXHIBIT 2  CRIMINAL COMPLAINTS AND REQUEST FOR OVERSIGHT FORMAL REQUESTS AWAITING RESPONSESFrom: Eliot Ivan Bernstein [mailto:iviewit@gmail.com] On Behalf Of Eliot I. BernsteinSent: Tuesday, September 08, 2009 1:01 PMTo: Pro Se Cases @ United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (prosecases@CA2.uscourts.gov); Civil Cases @ United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (civilcases@CA2.uscourts.gov); Deborah Holmes (Deborah_Holmes@CA2.uscourts.gov)Cc: The Honorable Glenn Fine - Inspector General Department of Justice, Lonnie Davis Miami Field Office; Caroline Prochotska Rogers, Esquire (caroline@cprogers.com); Marc R. Garber Esq. @ Flaster Greenberg P.C. (marc.garber@flastergreenberg.com); Michele M. Mulrooney Esq. - Jackoway Tyerman Wertheimer Austen Mandelbaum & Morris (MMulrooney@JTWAMM.com); Andy Dietz; Barry Becker; The Honorable John Conyers Jr. (D-MI 14th) - Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee (john.conyers@mail.house.gov); The Honorable Glenn Fine ~ Inspector General @ United States Department of Justice (glenn.a.fine@usdoj.gov); The Honorable Eric H. Holder Jr., United States Attorney General @ US DOJ (AskDOJ@usdoj.gov); The Honorable United States Senator Dianne Feinstein; The Honorable Harry I. Moatz, Director, Office of Enrollment & Discipline ~ United States Patent & Trademark Office; The Honorable Eric H. Holder Jr., United States Attorney General @ US DOJ (inspector.general@usdoj.gov); Mary L. Schapiro, Chairman @ U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (CHAIRMANOFFICE@sec.gov); David Gouvaia @ Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (david.gouvaia@tigta.treas.gov); David Axelrod, Senior Advisor to President Barack H. Obama (info@askps.com); Daniel ORourke - Small Business Administration Inspector General Office; Frank Brady @ Expose Corrupt Courts (CorruptCourts@gmail.com); Robert E. Casey Jr. @ Special Agent in Charge, FBI Dallas (fbi.dallas@ic.fbi.gov); guy@nipllc.com; Jennifer Duck, Chief Counsel ~ Senator Dianne Feinstein (jennifer_duck@judiciary-dem.senate.gov); Jon W. Dudas ~ Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office; Jim Molinari, State Director @ Senator Dianne Feinstein (Jim_Molinari@feinstein.senate.gov); John J. Doll, Acting Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Acting Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office - Deputy Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Deputy Director of the United States Patent ; Michael King, Branch Chief @ SEC Division Headquarters in Ft. Worth, Texas (kingm@sec.gov); Steven Michael Cohen, Counselor and Chief of Staff @ New York Office of the Attorney General (steven.cohen@oag.state.ny.us); Andrew Barroway @ Barroway Topaz Kessler Meltzer & Check, LLP. (abarroway@btkmc.com); Andrew Philip Chesler (andrewchesler@yahoo.com); Andrew Philip Chesler @ Tiedemann Investment Group (andrew@i2ihelp.com); Bradley S Shraiberg @ Shraiberg, Ferrara & Landau (bshraiberg@sfl-pa.com); Brian G. Utley (brian.utley@teamwheretolive.com); Bridget Smitha @ Greenberg Traurig, LLP. (smithab@gtlaw.com); Bruce T. Prolow (bprolow@tig.to); Bruce T. Prolow, General Partner @ Tiedemann Investment Group (bprolow@tiedemanntrust.com); C. David Brown, II @ Broad and Cassel (dbrown@broadandcassel.com); Carl Tiedemann @ Tiedemann Investment Group ; Chris Abbuhl @ Greenberg Traurig, LLP. (abbuhlc@gtlaw.com); Craig L. Smith, General Partner @ Tiedemann Investment Group (csmith@tiedemanntrust.com); Cris V. Branden, Vice President @ Huizenga Holdings Incorporated (cbranden@huizenga.com); D. Bruce Sewell, Senior Vice President - General Counsel @ Intel Corporation(bruce.sewell@intel.com); Elena Ramirez, General Counsel @ SGI (ramirez@sgi.com); Eric M. Chen (viconcerto@aol.com); Gerald W. Stanley (geraldwstanley@aol.com); Glenn T. Burhans Jr., Shareholder @ Greenberg Traurig, LLP. (burhansg@gtlaw.com); Gregg M. Mashberg @ Proskauer Rose LLP (gmashberg@proskauer.com); H. Wayne Huizenga Jr., Vice President @ Huizenga Holdings, Inc. (whuizengajr@huizenga.com); IBM Non-Management Directors, c/o Chair, IBM Directors and Corporate Governance Committee, International Business Machines Corporation, (nonmanagementdirectors@us.ibm.com); James B. Comey, General Counsel @ Lockheed Martin Corporation (james.b.comey@lmco.com); James J. Wheeler @ Broad and Cassel (jwheeler@broadandcassel.com); Joanna F. Smith @ Proskauer Rose LLP (jfsmith@proskauer.com); John W. Fried, Partner @ Fried & Epstein LLP (johnwfried@fried-epstein.com); Kent Kari Anker, Partner @ Friedman, Kaplan, Seiler & Adelman LLP (kanker@fklaw.com); Lawrence A. Horn, CEO @ MPEG LA, LLC (lhorn@mpegla.com); Martyn Molyneaux c/o Paul Sanderson @ Harrison Goddard and Foote (psanderson@hgf.com); Martyn W. Molyneaux @ Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP(molyneaux@wildmanharrold.com); Matthew Shaw (jwolf@sunrockventures.com); Matthew Shaw (tgarrett@sunrockventures.com); Matthew Shaw, Managing Director @ Sunrock Ventures (mshaw@sunrockventures.com); Michael A. Reale (Realem@prodigy.net); Michael Dockterman (dockterman@wildman.com); Monica Connell, Assistant Attorney General - Division of State Counsel Litigation Bureau ~ State of New York Office of the Attorney General (monica.connell@oag.state.ny.us); Patrick Walsh @ State of New York Office of the Attorney General (Patrick.Walsh@oag.state.ny.us); Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer @ Intel Corporation (paul.otellini@intel.com); Richard L. Handley, Senior Vice President & General Counsel @ Huizenga Holdings, Inc. (rhandley@huizenga.com); Richard M. Howard, Partner @ Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein & Breitstone, LLP (rhoward@meltzerlippe.com); Richard Schiffrin @ Grant & Eisenhofer (rschiffrin@gelaw.com); Richard Schiffrin c/o Grant & Eisenhofer (sgrant@gelaw.com); Richard Schiffrin c/o Grant @ Eisenhofer (jeisenhofer@gelaw.com); Robert C. Weber, Senior Vice President, Legal & Regulatory Affairs, & General Counsel @ IBM Corporation (rcweber@us.ibm.com); Robert Furr @ Furr & Cohen P. A. (rfurr@furrcohen.com); Robert J. Henninger (rhenninger@huizenga.com); Robert J. Stevens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer @ Lockheed Martin Corporation (robert.j.stevens@lmco.com); Robert L. Shuftan (shuftan@wildman.com); Royal OBrien (info@bitraider.com); Royal OBrien, CEO @ BitRaider (invest@bitraider.com); Ryan Huisman (ryan@majestic.com); Ryan Huisman (ryan@ryjo.com); Samuel J. Palmisano, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer @ IBM Corporation (Sam@us.ibm.com); Stephen J. Warner (102247.622@compuserv.com); Stephen J. Warner, Chairman/CEO @ Crossbow Ventures (SWarner@crossbowventures.com); Steven R. Rodgers, Vice President and Associate General Counsel Legal and Corporate Affairs, Director Litigation @ Intel Corporation (steve.r.rodgers@intel.com)Subject: Docket No. 08-4873-cv - Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.Deborah ~ Attached is an EMERGENCY MOTION TO COMPEL, I will send copies shortly to the Court. Please process this to the judges in the interim as there are very serious and imminent issues contained in the filing. If you would like a copy of the final pdf digitally signed to accompany this scanned copy, please reply and I will send it over. Thank you ~ Candice BernsteinFrom: Eliot Ivan Bernstein [mailto:iviewit@gmail.com] Sent: Friday, February 12, 2010 10:53 PMTo: The Honorable President of the United States Barack Hussein Obama II (president@whitehouse.gov); Mary L. Schapiro, Chairman @ U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (CHAIRMANOFFICE@sec.gov); Enforcement @ U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (enforcement@sec.gov); H. David Kotz ~ Inspector General @ Securities Exchange Commission Inspector General Office (oig@sec.gov); The Honorable Glenn Fine - Inspector General Department of Justice; The Honorable Glenn Fine ~ Inspector General @ United States Department of Justice (glenn.a.fine@usdoj.gov); The Honorable Madam Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi (sf.nancy@mail.house.gov); The Honorable Shira A. Scheindlin @ United States District Court ~ Southern District of New York (shira_a._scheindlin@NYSD.uscourts.gov); The Honorable Eric H. Holder Jr., United States Attorney General @ US DOJ (inspector.general@usdoj.gov); The Honorable Eric H. Holder Jr., United States Attorney General @ US DOJ (AskDOJ@usdoj.gov); Miami Division @ Federal Bureau of Investigation (Miami@ic.fbi.gov); The Honorable John Conyers Jr. (D-MI 14th) - Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee (john.conyers@mail.house.gov); Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (Complaints@tigta.treas.gov); David Gouvaia @ Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (david.gouvaia@tigta.treas.gov); Daniel ORourke - Small Business Administration Inspector General Office; The Honorable Inspector General Todd J. Zinser @ Department of Commerce (TZinser@OIG.DOC.GOV); David Kappos ~ Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO (david.kappos@USPTO.gov); Sharon Barner ~ Deputy Director @ United States Patent & Trademark Office (sharon.barner@uspto.gov); Harry I. Moatz ~ Director of the United States Patent & Trademark Office - Office of Enrollment & Discipline; Mail Stop OED-Ethics Rules (ethicsrules.comments@uspto.gov); sampson@senate.state.ny.us; onorato@senate.state.ny.us; schneiderman@schneiderman.org; schneiderman@senate.state.ny.us; hassellt@senate.state.ny.us; diaz@senate.state.ny.us; jdklein@senate.state.ny.us; eadams@senate.state.ny.us; espada@senate.state.ny.us; breslin@senate.state.ny.us; dilan@senate.state.ny.us; savino@senate.state.ny.us; perkins@senate.state.ny.us; maziarz@senate.state.ny.us; jdefranc@senate.state.ny.us; volker@senate.state.ny.us; saland@senate.state.ny.us; lavalle@senate.state.ny.us; bonacic@senate.state.ny.us; winner@senate.state.ny.us; nozzolio@senate.state.ny.us; lanza@senate.state.ny.us; ranz@senate.state.ny.us; Timothy Spotts Esq. ~ Counsel @ Senate Standing Committeeon the Judiciary (spotts@senate.state.ny.us)Cc: Caroline Prochotska Rogers, Esquire (caroline@cprogers.com); Michele M. Mulrooney Esq. - Jackoway Tyerman Wertheimer Austen Mandelbaum & Morris (MMulrooney@JTWAMM.com); Marc R. Garber, Esquire @ Flaster Greenberg P.C.; Andrew Dietz @ Rock-It Cargo USA, Inc. (andyd@rockitcargo.com); Iviewit Breaking News - Read All About It; Kevin R. Hall Esq. (krhall007@aol.com); Kevin R. Hall; Pat Handley (svm231@aol.com); Guy T. Iantoni (guy@nipllc.com); Christine C. Anderson (tallawah@earthlink.net); Nicole Corrado (ncorrado242@yahoo.com); Frank Brady @ Expose Corrupt Courts (CorruptCourts@gmail.com); Rachel Maddow @ MSNBC (rachel@msnbc.com); Michael Moore (mike@michaelmoore.com)Subject: FORMAL COMPLAINT FOR IMMEDIATE DOCKETING AND INVESTIGATION AGAINST WARNER BROS., AOL Inc., TIME WARNER and moreTo all addressed parties in the TO field of the Email, Please take this Formal Written Complaint and immediately begin formal investigative procedures and docket this complaint as such. If you are already investigating the Iviewit matters, please include this complaint in your ongoing file for the Iviewit companies complaint and those of Inventor, Eliot I. Bernstein. I have attached a signed PDF file that is fingerprinted as the formal complaint to docket and have attached a Word document unsigned and unprinted for reading convenience only and to access the hyperlinked exhibits with greater ease. Due to Whistleblower allegations of document destruction regarding prior complaints filed with certain departments, as evidenced in the complaint, please print each and every exhibit referenced via URLs in the attached document as part of the permanent record to this complaint. As these matters and investigations are part of an ongoing US Patent Office investigation and central to protecting the inventors rights please maintain this Formal Complaint and all Exhibits for a period of no less than twenty years or until the issues have been fully resolved by all investigatory agencies and courts worldwide. If you have any questions or need additional information, please feel free to contact me directly, my personal contact information below. Please confirm receipt of this message and all attachments, formally docket the complaint and please note to sign the conflict of interest disclosure embedded in the document as Exhibit 2, prior to any action on your part.Thank you in advance for your time, effort and consideration of the Time Sensitive Matters ~ Eliot BernsteinIVIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with VisionEliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tv http://iviewit.tv/wordpress http://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliot Other Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.com http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com http://www.judgewatch.org/index.html Http://www.enddiscriminationnow.com Http://www.corruptcourts.org Http://www.changecourtsnow.com http://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.com www.parentadvocates.org www.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.com CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message and any attachments are covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. SS 2510-2521. This e-mail message is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message or call (561) 245-8588. If you are the intended recipient but do not wish to receive communications through this medium, please so advise the sender immediately.From: Eliot Ivan Bernstein [mailto:iviewit@gmail.com] Sent: Thursday, February 18, 2010 8:08 AMTo: Preet Bharara ~ United States Attorney Southern District of New York @ USDOJ (Preet.Bharara@usdoj.gov); Jeffrey Zients ~ Executive Chair @ Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency (CIGIE). (cigie.information@oig.usda.gov)Cc: Wendy Olsen Clancy ~ Victim/Witness Coordinator @ United States Attorneys Office (Wendy.Olsen@usdoj.gov); The Honorable Eric H. Holder Jr., United States Attorney General @ US DOJ (inspector.general@usdoj.gov); The Honorable Glenn Fine ~ Inspector General @ United States Department of Justice (glenn.a.fine@usdoj.gov); The Honorable John Conyers Jr. (D-MI 14th) - Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee (john.conyers@mail.house.gov); Caroline Prochotska Rogers, Esquire (caroline@cprogers.com); Michele M. Mulrooney Esq. - Jackoway Tyerman Wertheimer Austen Mandelbaum & Morris (MMulrooney@JTWAMM.com); Marc R. Garber, Esquire @ Flaster Greenberg P.C.; Andrew Dietz @ Rock-It Cargo USA, Inc. (andyd@rockitcargo.com); Barry Becker; Guy T. Iantoni (guy@nipllc.com); Crystal@CrystalCox.com; TourCandy; Richard Kuse (wildmans@verizon.net); Robert Morningstar (robertmorningstar@gmail.com); Rachel Maddow @ MSNBC (rachel@msnbc.com); Yoel Weisshaus (yoelweisshaus@yahoo.com); Kevin R. Hall, Esquire; Michael Moore (mike@michaelmoore.com); Milton @ Black Star News (milton@blackstarnews.com); Alessandra Dupont (dupontalessandra1@gmail.com); Betsy Combier @ Parent Advocates; Childrens Right to Both Parents Equally (pcalma2075@yahoo.com); Christine C. Anderson (tallawah@earthlink.net); Frank Brady @ Expose Corrupt Courts (CorruptCourts@gmail.com); Gizella Weisshaus (GizellaWeisshaus@yahoo.com); Greg Fischer (perfect100@hotmail.com); Jackie Weaver (jaweaver13@yahoo.com); Kathryn Grace Jordan @ E.N.D. ~ End Discrimination Now - E.N.D. (info@enddiscriminationnow.com); Kevin R. Hall Esq. (krhall007@aol.com); Linda D. Misek-Falkoff (Ph.D.J.D.) (respectful.interfaces@gmail.com); Luisa Esposito; Mary Keon @ The Westchester Guardian (wguardianmaryads@aol.com); Matthew Reiss, Visiting Professor ~ Department of Journalism & Media @ Rutgers University (nyreport@hotmail.com); Pamela Carvel (estatecrimes@gmail.com); Pat Handley (svm231@aol.com); Paul Altman; Ruth M. Pollack (ruthmpollack@yahoo.com); Scott H. Robb (shrobb@msn.com); Tembani Selepi Xaba (tembani@earthlink.net); Terrence Terry Finnan (Tskeene@westelcom.com); William Galison (wgalison@aol.com)Subject: FORMAL COMPLAINT FOR DOCKETING FROM IVEIWIT AGAINST WARNER BROS, AOL, TIME WARNER, INTEL, SGI, LOCKHEED, IBM and MOREDear Hon. Preet Bharara, Hon. Jeffrey Zients and Wendy Olsen Clancy,Please accept the attached SEC, FBI and Others Complaint and immediately begin a formal docketing and investigation of the attached complaint, as it relates directly to your offices and Members of the office who have been named by a Whistleblower, Christine C. Anderson, as being involved in the Whitewashing of Attorney Complaints in a Federal Court under the jurisdiction of the Hon. Shira A. Scheindlin. I have a 12 Count 12 Trillion Dollar Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit marked legally related to the Whistleblower by Judge Scheindlin. The SEC, FBI and Others complaint has preliminary information for your inquiry, including information for investigation of USDOJ employees and please feel free to contact me personally at my numbers and contact information below. Please formally respond that your offices have received the Formal Complaint attached. An online Unsigned Interactive Version of the document with links to hundreds of pieces of evidentiary materials can be found at http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=274 a signed color non-interactive copy can also be found @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20100206%20FINAL%20SEC%20FBI%20and%20more%20COMPLAINT%20Against%20Warner%20Bros%20Time%20Warner%20AOL176238nscolorlow.pdf . Thank you in advance for time, effort and consideration of these matters ~ Eliot BernsteinAttorney for Plaintiff BernsteinEliot Ivan Bernstein, Pro Se2753 NW 34th St.Boca Raton, FL 33434Tel.: (561) 245-8588By: _________________________ Eliot Ivan BernsteinUNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUITCERTIFICATE OF SERVICEDOCKET NO. 08-4873-CVBernsteinV.Appellate Division First DepartmentDisciplinary Committee et al.I, Eliot Ivan Bernstein, hereby certify under the penalty of perjury that on the 7th day of September, 2009, I served by United States Mail, Email, Electronic Service and/or hand delivered the document titled EMERGENCY MOTION TO KISS MY ASS AND MORE on the Court. Plaintiff requests this Court serve all named Defendants below via the United States Marshal Service or service directly by the Court as the case in prior filings where the Court has served to the Defendants, although it is further unclear if this Court has served documents to all Amended Complaint Defendants or just a select few Defendants. It is also unclear if Defendants counsels similarly have serviced only select Defendants and not all the Amended Complaint Defendants and Plaintiffs on Appeal despite referencing the Amended Complaint in their Appeal.Plaintiff requested the Halting of the Case and the Sealing of this Motion and Plaintiff requests that Motions remain sealed until all Oversight authorities summoned in the Motion to Compel filed previously and/or herein have rendered final decisions on the Court and Defendants counsels ability to proceed. Therefore, Plaintiff requests not servicing Defendants the requested sealed documents until such time that affirmed Non-Conflicted justices, court personnel and counsel, as requested in the Motion to Compel and herein, are authorized by Oversight and Law Enforcement to continue to operate illegally and outside of the Judicial Cannons, Attorney Conduct Codes, Public Office Rules and Regulations and Law.The Amended Complaint list of Defendants necessary to service is as follows:STATE OF NEW YORK, THE OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION OF THE UNIFIED COURT SYSTEM, PROSKAUER ROSE LLP, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, STEVEN C. KRANE in his official and individual Capacities for the New York State Bar Association and the Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, and, his professional and individual capacities as a Proskauer partner, KENNETH RUBENSTEIN, in his professional and individual capacities, ESTATE OF STEPHEN KAYE, in his professional and individual capacities, ALAN S. JAFFE, in his professional and individual capacities, ROBERT J. KAFIN, in his professional and individual capacities, CHRISTOPHER C. WHEELER, in his professional and individual capacities, MATTHEW M. TRIGGS in his official and individual capacity for The Florida Bar and his professional and individual capacities as a partner of Proskauer, ALBERT T. GORTZ, in his professional and individual capacities, CHRISTOPHER PRUZASKI, in his professional and individual capacities, MARA LERNER ROBBINS, in her professional and individual capacities, DONALD ROCKY THOMPSON, in his professional and individual capacities, GAYLE COLEMAN, in her professional and individual capacities, DAVID GEORGE, in his professional and individual capacities, GEORGE A. PINCUS, in his professional and individual capacities, GREGG REED, in his professional and individual capacities, LEON GOLD, in his professional and individual capacities, MARCY HAHN-SAPERSTEIN, in her professional and individual capacities, KEVIN J. HEALY, in his professional and individual capacities, STUART KAPP, in his professional and individual capacities, RONALD F. STORETTE, in his professional and individual capacities, CHRIS WOLF, in his professional and individual capacities, JILL ZAMMAS, in her professional and individual capacities, JON A. BAUMGARTEN, in his professional and individual capacities, SCOTT P. COOPER, in his professional and individual capacities, BRENDAN J. OROURKE, in his professional and individual capacities, LAWRENCE I. WEINSTEIN, in his professional and individual capacities, WILLIAM M. HART, in his professional and individual capacities, DARYN A. GROSSMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, JOSEPH A. CAPRARO JR., in his professional and individual capacities, JAMES H. SHALEK, in his professional and individual capacities, GREGORY MASHBERG, in his professional and individual capacities, JOANNA SMITH, in her professional and individual capacities, MELTZER LIPPE GOLDSTEIN WOLF & SCHLISSEL, P.C. and its predecessors and successors, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, LEWIS S. MELTZER, in his professional and individual capacities, RAYMOND A. JOAO, in his professional and individual capacities, FRANK MARTINEZ, in his professional and individual capacities, FOLEY & LARDNER LLP, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, MICHAEL C. GREBE, in his professional and individual capacities, WILLIAM J. DICK, in his professional and individual capacities, TODD C. NORBITZ, in his professional and individual capacities, ANNE SEKEL, in his professional and individual capacities, RALF BOER, in his professional and individual capacities, BARRY GROSSMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, JIM CLARK, in his professional and individual capacities, DOUGLAS A. BOEHM, in his professional and individual capacities, STEVEN C. BECKER, in his professional and individual capacities, BRIAN G. UTLEY, MICHAEL REALE, RAYMOND HERSCH, WILLIAM KASSER, ROSS MILLER, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, STATE OF FLORIDA, OFFICE OF THE STATE COURTS ADMINISTRATOR, FLORIDA, HON. JORGE LABARGA in his official and individual capacities, THE FLORIDA BAR, JOHN ANTHONY BOGGS in his official and individual capacities, KELLY OVERSTREET JOHNSON in her official and individual capacities, LORRAINE CHRISTINE HOFFMAN in her official and individual capacities, ERIC TURNER in his official and individual capacities, KENNETH MARVIN in his official and individual capacities, JOY A. BARTMON in her official and individual capacities, JERALD BEER in his official and individual capacities, BROAD & CASSEL, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, JAMES J. WHEELER, in his professional and individual capacities, FLORIDA SUPREME COURT, HON. CHARLES T. WELLS, in his official and individual capacities, HON. HARRY LEE ANSTEAD, in his official and individual capacities HON. R. FRED LEWIS, in his official and individual capacities, HON. PEGGY A. QUINCE, in his official and individual capacities, HON. KENNETH B. BELL, in his official and individual capacities, THOMAS HALL, in his official and individual capacities, DEBORAH YARBOROUGH in her official and individual capacities, DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL REGULATION  FLORIDA, CITY OF BOCA RATON, FLA., ROBERT FLECHAUS in his official and individual capacities, ANDREW SCOTT in his official and individual capacities, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORKAPPELLATE DIVISION FIRST DEPARTMENT DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE, THOMAS J. CAHILL in his official and individual capacities, PAUL CURRAN in his official and individual capacities, MARTIN R. GOLD in his official and individual capacities, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION FIRST DEPARTMENT, CATHERINE OHAGEN WOLFE in her official and individual capacities, HON. ANGELA M. MAZZARELLI in her official and individual capacities, HON. RICHARD T. ANDRIAS in his official and individual capacities, HON. DAVID B. SAXE in his official and individual capacities, HON. DAVID FRIEDMAN in his official and individual capacities, HON. LUIZ A. GONZALES in his official and individual capacities, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND DEPARTMENT DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE, LAWRENCE DIGIOVANNA in his official and individual capacities, DIANA MAXFIELD KEARSE in her official and individual capacities, JAMES E. PELTZER in his official and individual capacities, HON. A. GAIL PRUDENTI in her official and individual capacities, HON. JUDITH S. KAYE in her official and individual capacities, STATE OF NEW YORK COMMISSION OF INVESTIGATION, ANTHONY CARTUSCIELLO in his official and individual capacities, LAWYERS FUND FOR CLIENT PROTECTION OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, ELIOT SPITZER in his official and individual capacities, as both former Attorney General for the State of New York, and, as former Governor of the State of New York, COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, VIRGINIA STATE BAR, ANDREW H. GOODMAN in his official and individual capacities, NOEL SENGEL in her official and individual capacities, MARY W. MARTELINO in her official and individual capacities, LIZBETH L. MILLER, in her official and individual capacities, MPEGLA, LLC, LAWRENCE HORN, in his professional and individual capacities, REAL 3D, INC. and successor companies, GERALD STANLEY, in his professional and individual capacities, DAVID BOLTON, in his professional and individual capacities, TIM CONNOLLY, in his professional and individual capacities, ROSALIE BIBONA, in her professional and individual capacities, RYJO, INC., RYAN HUISMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, INTEL CORP., LARRY PALLEY, in his professional and individual capacities, SILICON GRAPHICS, INC., LOCKHEED MARTIN, BLAKELY SOKOLOFF TAYLOR & ZAFMAN, LLP, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, NORMAN ZAFMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, THOMAS COESTER, in his professional and individual capacities, FARZAD AHMINI, in his professional and individual capacities, GEORGE HOOVER, in his professional and individual capacities, WILDMAN, HARROLD, ALLEN & DIXON LLP, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, MARTYN W. MOLYNEAUX, in his professional and individual capacities, MICHAEL DOCKTERMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, HARRISON GOODARD FOOTE, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, EUROPEAN PATENT OFFICE, ALAIN POMPIDOU in his official and individual capacities, WIM VAN DER EIJK in his official and individual capacities, LISE DYBDAHL in her official and personal capacities, YAMAKAWA INTERNATIONAL PATENT OFFICE, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, MASAKI YAMAKAWA, in his professional and individual capacities, CROSSBOW VENTURES, INC., ALPINE VENTURE CAPITAL PARTNERS LP, STEPHEN J. WARNER, in his professional and individual capacities, RENE P. EICHENBERGER, in his professional and individual capacities, H. HICKMAN HANK POWELL, in his professional and individual capacities, MAURICE BUCHSBAUM, in his professional and individual capacities, ERIC CHEN, in his professional and individual capacities, AVI HERSH, in his professional and individual capacities, MATTHEW SHAW, in his professional and individual capacities, BRUCE W. SHEWMAKER, in his professional and individual capacities, RAVI M. UGALE, in his professional and individual capacities, DIGITAL INTERACTIVE STREAMS, INC., ROYAL OBRIEN, in his professional and individual capacities, HUIZENGA HOLDINGS INCORPORATED, WAYNE HUIZENGA, in his professional and individual capacities, WAYNE HUIZENGA, JR., in his professional and individual capacities, TIEDEMANN INVESTMENT GROUP, BRUCE T. PROLOW, in his professional and individual capacities, CARL TIEDEMANN, in his professional and individual capacities, ANDREW PHILIP CHESLER, in his professional and individual capacities, CRAIG L. SMITH, in his professional and individual capacities, HOUSTON & SHAHADY, P.A., and any successors, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, BART A. HOUSTON, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, FURR & COHEN, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, BRADLEY S. SCHRAIBERG, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, MOSKOWITZ, MANDELL, SALIM & SIMOWITZ, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, WILLIAM G. SALIM, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, SACHS SAX & KLEIN, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, BEN ZUCKERMAN, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, SPENCER M. SAX, in his professional and individual capacities, SCHIFFRIN & BARROWAY LLP, and any successors, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, RICHARD SCHIFFRIN, in his professional and individual capacities, ANDREW BARROWAY, in his professional and individual capacities, KRISHNA NARINE, in his professional and individual capacities, CHRISTOPHER & WEISBERG, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, ALAN M. WEISBERG, in his professional and individual capacities, ALBERTO GONZALES in his official and individual capacities, JOHNNIE E. FRAZIER in his official and individual capacities, IVIEWIT, INC., a Florida corporation, IVIEWIT, INC., a Delaware corporation, IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Uview.com, Inc.), UVIEW.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation, IVIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Iviewit Holdings, Inc.), IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Florida corporation, IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Florida corporation, I.C., INC., a Florida corporation, IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation, IVIEWIT.COM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, IVIEWIT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, IVIEWIT CORPORATION, a Florida corporation, IBM CORPORATION.To be added New Defendants in the RICO and Antitrust Lawsuit through amendment or in any anticipated future litigations and criminal filings:Andrew Cuomo in his official and individual capacities, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed),Justice Richard C. Wesley in his official and individual capacities,Justice Peter W. Hall in his official and individual capacities,Justice Debra Ann Livingston in her official and individual capacities,Justice Ralph K. Winter in his official and individual capacities,P. Stephen Lamont, (Questions about Lamonts filings on behalf of others and more filed with criminal authorities and this Court notified of the alleged fraudulent activities of Lamont)Justice Shira A. Scheindlin in her official and individual capacities,Alan Friedberg in his official and individual capacities,Roy Reardon in his official and individual capacities,Martin Glenn in his official and individual capacities,Warner Bros. Entertainment, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed)Time Warner Communications, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed)AOL Inc., (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed)Ropes & Gray,Stanford Financial Group,Bernard L. Madoff et al.Marc S. Dreier, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed)Sony Corporation, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed)Ernst & Young, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed)Arthur Andersen, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed)Enron, (Already named in the lawsuit since the amended complaint filed)More Defendants or possible Witnesses Christine C. Anderson, Esq.,Nicole Corrado, Esq.,Frank Brady aka Kevin McKeownRelated CasesSignedEliot Ivan Bernstein, _______________________Pro Se Appellant and Plaintiff2753 N.W. 34th StreetBoca Raton, Florida 33434(561) 245-8588Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DL Uviewit Holdings, Inc. - DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tv http://www.iviewit.tv http://www.iviewit.tv/wordpress http://www.iviewit.tv/wordpresseliot Other Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.com http://www.exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com http://www.judgewatch.org/index.html http://www.enddiscriminationnow.com http://www.corruptcourts.org http://www.changecourtsnow.com http://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comhttp://www.parentadvocates.orghttp://www.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.comhttp://www.cuomotarp.blogspot.comhttp://www.disbarthefloridabar.com http://www.VoteForGreg.us Greg Fischerhttp://www.liberty-candidates.org/greg-fischer /http://www.facebook.com/pages/Vote-For-Greg /111952178833067http://www.killallthelawyers.ws/law (The Shakespearean Solution)CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message and any attachments are covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. SS 2510-2521. This e-mail message is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message or call (561) 245-8588. If you are the intended recipient but do not wish to receive communications through this medium, please so advise the sender immediately.Tags: allen stanford, Andrew Cuomo, barroway, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, patent, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, sgi, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernstein Interview with Disbar the Florida Bars Radio Host Les Winston ~ The Biz 880am regarding Trillion Dollar Federal RICO & ANTITRUST lawsuit against Florida Bar, FL Supreme Court, Justice Jorge Labarga, Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner, Greenberg Traurig & more.  Lawsuit legally related to NY Supreme Court Whistleblower, Christine C. Anderson who reveals an attorney complaint case fixer Cleaner, Naomi Goldstein at NY Ethics Dept which regulates WallStreet.June 18th, 2010 Press Release Distributed @ http://www.free-press-release.com/news-iviewit-inventor-eliot-bernstein-interview-with-disbar-the-florida-bar-les-winston-the-biz-880am-regarding-trillion-dollar-fed-rico-suit-against-flo-1276897073.htmlDisbar the Florida Bar Radio Host Les Winston interviews Iviewit Tech Inventor Eliot Bernstein regarding illegal activities at the Florida Supreme Court, Florida Bar & Judge Jorge Labarga.LISTEN TO INTERVIEW @http://disbarthefloridabar.com/?page_id=96 or http://www.iviewit.tv/DisbarFloridaBar23.mp3World-renowned Inventor of Digital Video & Imaging Mathematical Scaling Formulas, Eliot Bernstein discusses with radio talk show host Les Winston of Disbar the Florida Bar his Trillion Dollar Federal RICO & ANTITRUST Lawsuit, naming the Florida Bar, Florida Supreme Court & Labarga as Defendants. The suit marked legally related by Judge Shira Scheindlin to a NY Whistleblower suit filed by a Supreme Court of NY Staff Attorney, Christine C. Anderson, Esq. Bernsteins Amended Complaint @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080509%20FINAL%20AMENDED%20COMPLAINT%20AND%20RICO%20SIGNED%20COPY%20MED.pdfAnderson alleges the NY Attorney Disciplinary Dept, responsible for the oversight of WallStreet lawyers, has been whitewashing and cleaning disciplinary complaints against attorneys, including US Attorneys, DAs & ADAs. Anderson named a Cleaner from the Ethics Dept of the NY Supreme Court, Naomi Goldstein, supervisor at the NY Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee. No wonder WallStreet melted down & attorney regulators go unpunished for failures after causing massive damage to the American People, only to then leave government positions for cushy law firm partnerships. Anderson claimed staff attorney, Nicole Corrado Esq., on her way to testify at deposition supporting Andersons suit was threatened & intimated by a Sr. Court Official regarding giving testimony, creating Federal Obstruction of Justice, Witness Tampering & more by Court Officials. Bernstein suing the FL & NY Supreme Courts, State Bars & Disciplinary Agencies, claims conflicted members of the courts, partners from Proskauer Rose LLP law firm, the main conspirator in Bernsteins case along with law firm Foley & Lardner, illegally handled complaints against partners while holding official title with the courts & disciplinary agencies. In NY, Bernsteins allegations led to unanimous consent of 5 justice of the NY Supreme Court to have former NY State Bar Association President, Steven Krane, a Proskauer partner, ordered for investigation for conflicts & the appearance of impropriety. Proskauers Kenneth Rubenstein, the sole (soulless) patent evaluator for MPEGLA LLC, ordered for investigation along with attorney Raymond Joao, who claims to have put 90+ patents into his own name. Bernstein claims patents filed by Joao were during & after the time Iviewit retained Joao to patent inventions for Bernstein, Joao patented them for himself instead. After termination as Iviewit counsel, Joao worked for infamous convicted felon Marc S. Dreier, sentenced July 13, 2009, to 20 years in prison. Thomas Cahill, former Chief Counsel of the First Dept whom Anderson alleges to be the ringleader at the First Dept, ordered for Special Inquiry. Cahills investigation relates to Kranes conflicts & Cahills role in aiding and abetting the RICO Criminal Enterprise, which Bernstein claims is composed mainly of corrupt mob type law firms. Anderson under oath in Scheindlins US Fed Court stated Cleaner Goldstein was cleaning complaints against favored law firms and lawyers.NY Attorney General Andrew Cuomo fingered by Anderson & Bernstein for illegal representation of the accused NY State Officials in violation of his public office duties. Cuomo represents the State Officials both professionally & personally on the broke NY State taxpayers dime and Bernstein alleges the NY Attorney General is guilty of Felony Title 18 Obstruction of Justice. Obstruction caused by Cuomos conflicting his offices with scienter from investigating the accused State Defendants they represent while simultaneously failing to call in a non-conflicted investigator to investigate the Defendants on behalf of the People of NY. Cuomo is duty bound by Public Officer Law 17(2)(b), which dictates the Attorney General not represent State Defendants when conflict with their offices exist. Yet Cuomo not only represents the State Defendants when conflict exists in both Bernstein and Andersons lawsuit but has failed to call in any outside investigator to investigate the State Defendants, his clients, creating a block to prosecution & obstructing justice. Cuomo, Eliot Spitzer & the NY Attorney Generals office are Defendants in Bernsteins suit. The fact they are Defendants makes the continued representation of the State Defendants by the Attorney Generals office bizarre and further illegal. Bernstein filed criminal complaints with the Department of Justice Inspector General Glenn Fine, the US Attorney General Eric Holder & others regarding the criminal activities of both the NY and FL Officials.Bernstein is the inventor of digital imaging & video technologies that revolutionized the Internet, Television & Digital Imaging, the technologies valued over a Trillion Dollars over the 20 yr patent life. Bernsteins patents are currently on Suspension with the US Patent & Trademark Office by the Commissioner of Patents while the Office of Enrollment & Discipline (OED) Director at the US Patent Office, the Federal Patent Bar, investigates Bernsteins attorneys for crimes including Fraud Upon the US Patent & Trademark Office. http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/USPTO%20Suspension%20Notices.pdf Bernstein claims Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent Stephen Lucchesi claimed to be working with Harry I. Moatz, Director of the OED investigating allegations of crimes against the US & more, Bernstein claims Moatz confirmed collaboration with the FBI.Bernstein calls for the end of attorney self regulation & self discipline by their peers, which has obviously failed, in favor of charging attorneys with criminal acts to criminal prosecutors, warning that victims of attorneys, judges and prosecutors who file with attorney run state attorney regulators are doing themselves a disfavor. Bernstein claims the attorneys gain advantage through using the state disciplinary agencies, defending themselves in conflict and gaining confidential information against them, while feathering their caps with conflicted decisions on Supreme Court letterhead. Bernstein along with Anderson, testified before the NY Senate Judiciary Committee in NY @http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8OX8uuAbw&feature=player_embedded& http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knQLll5hmjs&feature=player_embedded Chaired by Hon. Senator John Sampson, the hearings to investigate allegations of corruption in the NY Supreme Court Appellate Divisions. Hearings remain ongoing & claims made by NY Senators attending to begin a Task Force to investigate victims claims of legal process abuse.According to Bernstein, one look only at the recent plethora of criminal activity in the stock market & Ponzi schemes to see that all of these schemes are run by law firms. Bernstein claims the Ponzis are illegal money laundering operations for monies illegally obtained by the law firms Criminal RICO Enterprise activities. Bernstein points to recent schemes such as Bernard Madoff, former Sir Allen Stanford, Marc S. Dreier & Greenberg Traurigs involvement directly in a Ponzi, as evidence that lawyers are behind the schemes & directly involved in intentionally creating subterfuge of the regulatory agencies that could have prevented these schemes. Greenberg, recall was central to Abramoffs fraud and linked to the Stanford Regulatory Failures.Other Defendants, reported to the SEC for alleged Shareholder Frauds relating to the Iviewit RICO & ANTITRUST include Time Warner (NYSE: TWX), Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc., AOL Inc. (NYSE: AOL), Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC), Silicon Graphics, Inc. (delisted NYSE: SGI) & successor Silicon Graphics International (NASDAQ: SGI), Sony Corporation (NYSE/ADR: SNE) , Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT), Ernst & Young Global Limited @http://www.free-press-release.com/news-eliot-bernstein-of-iviewit-technologies-files-sec-fbi-complaint-with-mary-schapiro-others-against-warner-bros-aol-inc-time-warner-intel-sgi-1268580941.htmlandhttp://www.iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=274andhttp://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20100206 FINAL SEC FBI and more COMPLAINT Against Warner Bros Time Warner AOL176238nscolorlow.pdfInformation regarding these Ponzi schemes and the relation to the Iviewit crimes @ Information regarding Greenberg Traurigs involvement in a recent Ponzi, The American Lawyer is reporting today, May 13, 2010, that the law firm of Greenberg Traurig has been sued for its willful participation in and facilitation of what it knew to be an illegal Ponzi scheme @ http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=313Greenberg represents in conflict the Florida Bar and Florida Supreme Court Defendants in Bernsteins Trillion Dollar RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit, as Greenberg was retained patent counsel by Bernstein & therefore acts wholly in violation of law representing Defendants in the matter.  Information re the Bernard Madoff, Stanford & Dreier connections to Defendant Proskauer @o http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=307 Proskauer Rose and Partner Thomas Sjoblom Further Implicated in the Allen Stanford Ponzi Scheme, Failures of SEC in Stanford Cited Further Supporting Iviewit & Eliot Bernsteins Federal Trillion Dollar Lawsuit Claimso http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=256 Proskauer (Porksour) Rose Law Firm Going Down in Allen Stanford Ponzi, next the trail of money may lead to Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernsteins stolen Trillion Dollar Patentshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=254 Florida Bar Under Fire for Lack of Regulation in Robert Allen Stanford & Scott Rothstein Ponzi scheme, Kenneth Marvin defendant in Iviewit Multi Trillion Dollar Lawsuit. After reading the article, one wonders if the Florida Bar reported this liability in the Iviewit Multi Trillion Dollar Federal Lawsuit to State Auditors?The legally related cases to Anderson are @Cases @ New York Second Circuit1. 08-4873-cv United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit Docket - Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. - TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUIT2. Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.3. Esposito v The State of New York, et al.4. McKeown v The State of New York, et al.Related Cases @ US District Court - Southern District NY5. 07cv09599 Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT which other cases have been marked legally related to by Fed. Judge Shira A. Scheindlin @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/anderson/20071028%20Anderson%20Original%20Filing.pdf6. 07cv11196 Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20080509%20FINAL%20AMENDED%20COMPLAINT%20AND%20RICO%20SIGNED%20COPY%20MED.doc7. 07cv11612 Esposito v The State of New York, et al. @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/Esposito/20081228%20Luisa%20Esposito%20Original%20Filing.pdf8. 08cv00526 Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.,9. 08cv02391 McKeown v The State of New York, et al. @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/McKeown/20080307%20Kevin%20McKeown.pdf10. 08cv02852 Galison v The State of New York, et al.,11. 08cv03305 Carvel v The State of New York, et al. @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/carvel/Carvel%20Filing.pdf12. 08cv4053 Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al. @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/Weisshaus/20080439%2008cv4053%20Gizella%20Weisshaus.pdf13. 08cv4438 Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al. @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/McCormick/McCormick%2008cv4438%20SVM%20Cmplnt.pdf14. 08 cv 6368 John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New York15. 06cv05169 McNamara v The State of New York, et al Links of interestEliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUviewit Holdings, Inc. - DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvhttp://www.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.html http://www.enddiscriminationnow.comhttp://www.corruptcourts.orghttp://www.changecourtsnow.comhttp://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comhttp://www.parentadvocates.orghttp://www.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.comhttp://cuomotarp.blogspot.comhttp://www.disbarthefloridabar.com http://www.VoteForGreg.us Greg Fischerhttp://www.liberty-candidates.org/greg-fischer/http://www.facebook.com/pages/Vote-For-Greg/111952178833067http://www.killallthelawyers.ws/law (The Shakespearean Solution)Tags: allen stanford, Andrew Cuomo, barroway, bernard madoff, crossbow ventures, disbar the florida bar, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, greenberg traurig, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, Les Winston, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, patent, patentgate, proskauer, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Iviewit & Eliot Bernstein Support Jack Thompsons Allegations against The Florida Bar and Greenberg Traurig re Greenbergs Involvement in $900 Million Ponzi SchemeMay 19th, 2010 Bob Hurt  You do it this way, folks. If your enemy pokes so much as a pinky toe out, you chop it off. Just like this. http://www.bobhurt.com Bob Hurt2460 Persian Drive #70Clearwater, FL 33763 USA . (727) 669-5511 http://www.bobhurt.com/subscribetolawmen.htm Lawmen . http://www.groups.google.com/group/lawmen/files Files . http://www.groups.google.com/group/lawmen Archive . http://www.bobhurt.com/lawdonation.htm Scholarship . http://www.jurisdictionary.com/index.asp?refercode=HB0002 Jurisdictionary http://www.getzooks.biz/index.php?aff=bobhurt GetZooks! . https://spideroak.com/download/referral/cebadf6610be7b4dfdea16c890e73da3 3+G Free From: Jack Thompson [mailto:amendment...@comcast.net] Sent: Thursday, May 13, 2010 11:36 AM Subject: Notice to my federal judge of Greenberg Traurig Ponzi scheme lawsuit Case No. 6:10-cv-442IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT MIDDLE DISTRICT OF FLORIDA ORLANDO DIVISION JUDGE DUDLEY H. BOWEN, JR. JOHN B. THOMPSON,  Plaintiff, v. THE FLORIDA BAR, FLORIDA SUPREME COURT, and NATIONWIDE MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY,  Defendants. PLAINTIFFS MOTION FOR COURT TO TAKE JUDICIAL NOTICE OF A FEDERAL COURT FILING - COMES NOW plaintiff, John B. Thompson (Thompson) and moves this court to take judicial notice of the following:  The American Lawyer is reporting today, May 13, 2010, that the law firm of Greenberg Traurig has been sued for its willful participation in and facilitation of what it knew to be an illegal Ponzi scheme. Attached hereto as Exhibit A is the American Lawyer article. Note that by going on the Internet to the following link one can access the electronic version of this article, embedded in which is a link to the actual Ponzi scheme complaint filed against Greenberg Traurig in federal court: http://www.law.com/jsp/article.jsp?id=1202458105019&src=EMC-Email&et=editor It can be accessed by the PACER system as well, of course, Case 2:10-cv-01025-JWS.  Plaintiff asks this Honorable Court to take judicial notice of the formal filing of this complaint because the allegations therein corroborate the shocking culture of corruption that permeates the Greenberg Traurig law firm, which was retained by the defendant Florida Bar because of, not in spite of, this firm-wide, top-to-bottom corruption. The Florida Bar wanted a law firm that would be willing to do and say anything to protect its corrupted lawyer disciplinary system which the American Bar Association itself says is fatally flawed and highly susceptible to corruption. What a surprise (not) that Greenberg Traurig has insinuated itself onto the Board of Governors of the Arizona State Bar in order that that lawyer disciplinary entity might look the other way.  No lawyer in the Office of the Florida Attorney General, which should be representing The Florida Bar as the official arm of the Florida Supreme Court would be willing to do and say what The Bars private sector law firm, Greenberg Traurig, has done to protect The Florida Bar from Thompsons rightful claims and the claims of others. The Bar has Greenberg on permanent retainer to handle such claims, when it should be using the Office of the Attorney General of Florida.  If Greenberg Traurig enters a formal appearance on behalf of The Bar in this case, then plaintiff will file a motion to disqualify that firm, as certain lawyers therein will be indispensable fact witnesses herein. That is one reason for this request of judicial notice.  For example, it is not a coincidence that Greenberg Traurig advised The Bar, as asserted in the First Amended Complaint, to waive all insurance coverage as to Thompson. It was so that Greenberg Traurig, without any insurance industry oversight, would be free to violate state and federal laws to harm Thompson. It was The Bars carrier that shut down The Bars earlier illegal acts against Thompson. The Bar had in Greenberg Traurig, as the federal lawsuit filed in Arizona District Court indicates, a corrupted law firm, ready, willing, and able to deprive Thompson of his constitutional rights just as it is alleged to have ripped off investors in Arizona.  The four million dollars paid Greenberg Traurig out of Florida Bar members dues over the last several years bought a lot of lawyerly corruption-unavaialbe to it if the Florida Attorney General had been properly representing The Bar. Thompson can prove that The Bar certainly got its moneys worth of corruption from Greenberg.  I hereby certify that a copy of this motion has been provided this 13th day of May, 2010, to all of the parties directly, as plaintiff is waiting to hear whether they will waive formal service of the summons and first amended complaint herein. JOHN B. THOMPSON Plaintiff pro se 5721 Riviera Drive Coral Gables, Florida 33146 Phone: 305-666-4366 amendment@comcast.net Jack Thompson, J.D. 5721 Riviera Drive Coral Gables, Florida 33146 305-666-4366, cell 305-588-3005 An error does not become truth by reason of multiplied propagation, nor does truth become error because nobody will see it.  Mahatma GandhiTags: Add new tag, allen stanford, bernard madoff, eliot bernstein, foley & lardner, greenberg traurig, iviewit, Jack Thompson, patentgate, proskauer, The Florida Bar, The Florida Supreme Court Posted in Uncategorized |   Comments OffIviewit & Eliot Bernstein Support Terence Terry Finnans Press Release re Andrew Cuomos TARP re Senator Pedro Espada, a New York RipOff by Spoiled Rottens running Injustices through the NY AG OfficeApril 26th, 2010 The Andrew Cuomo, TARP, And Senator Espada Dots Are Connected Today On CuomoTARP.blogspot To Show NY State Getting Nothing 2010-04-26By Andrew Cuomo ritualsong and a dance about Senator Pedro Espada for the Liars club provided little benefit for the NY Taxpayers as reported today on CuomoTARP blog For_Immediate_Release:Terence Finnan reports today on his blog CuomoTARP.blogspot.com about Andrew Cuomos magnificent civil suit against the uppity Senator Pedro Espada who finagled to become majority leader. Mr. Finnan asks, as did Senator Espada, why didnt Cuomo file criminal charges? Mr. Finnan report that Senator Espada is right, that Cuomos civil suit wont be resolved until after Cuomo hopes hes governor. And worse, the money which could have gone into the State Treasury from a successful NY RICO prosecution of Pedro Espada now cannot go toward NYs Budget needs. Mr. Finnan had reported earlier that Espadas alleged crime represents just 0.001% of the fraud (potential RICO money for the NY Treasury?) involved in the federal TARP programs assets. The Federal TARP program, supposedly, was to remove those toxic mortgage assets from our financial system, which were generated from Cuomos Time as Federal HUD Secretary.Then continuing with Mr. Finnans comparison of legacy leaders such as Nero with birth rights to office, he comments on how Nero Cuomos NY State is burning from budget shortfalls, while Cuomos priority is for Pedro Espada to face a civil suit. Mr. Finnan reports Cuomos action against Espada is either too little or too late, or a part of Cuomos mating ritual display to become Governor. Mr. Finnan asks why does Cuomo ignore the $40 million dollar fraud involving the Chief Judge, Lippman, and Judge Ramos, when he and his staffs work is already done for them, because the witnesses and papers are already available for a Grand Jury and a Trial?Mr. Finnan concludes by asking Andrew Gollum Cuomo to lift his NY TARP (Toxic Attorneys and Reprobates Protector) covering up NY corruption and prosecute corruption and tells Cuomo, if you want The Ring, earn it.####For more information:Visit our website: http://www.CuomoTARP.blogspot.com Keywords: Andrew Cuomo,TARP,Senator EspadaSource: http://www.Free-Press-Release.com/ Tags: Andrew Cuomo, eliot bernstein, eric holder, Gollum, HUD, iviewit, nero, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, RICO, senator pedro espada, TARP, Terence Finnan, Terrence Finnan Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Proskauer Rose and Partner Thomas Sjoblom Further Implicated in the Allen Stanford Ponzi Scheme, Failures of SEC in Stanford Cited Further Supporting Iviewit & Eliot Bernsteins Federal Trillion Dollar Lawsuit ClaimsApril 19th, 2010 AMLAW DAILY ARTICLE @ http://amlawdaily.typepad.com/amlawdaily/2010/04/secstanfordreport.htmlApril 19, 2010 4:14 PMReport Rips SEC, Andrews Kurth PartnerPosted by Zach LoweIt has been a very bad year for the Securities and Exchange Commission, and it got even worse Friday with the release of a report from the agencys inspector generals office which concludes the SEC bungled its investigation into Allen Stanfords alleged $8 billion Ponzi scheme. The 159-page report, available here, says that on four occasions starting in 1997, examiners in the SECs Fort Worth, Texas, offices recommended the agency investigate Stanford for what some examiners characterized as an obvious fraud, according to Reuters. More interesting from our perspective is the reports recommendation that an Andrews Kurth partner face possible sanctions for doing legal work on Stanfords behalf just months after leaving the same SEC office that was investigating Stanford for possible fraud.The report lays much of the blame on Spencer Barasch, a former Assistant Director of the SECs Forth Worth enforcement office and now a partner at Andrews Kurth. (Barasch did not respond to a message seeking comment.) Other SEC employees who wanted to pursue Stanford told the inspector general that Barasch and Harold Degenhardt, another top SEC official in Fort Worth who left in 2005 for a job at Fulbright & Jaworski, preferred smaller cases that were easier to prove and resolve quickly. The Stanford case would take a lot of time, and the two men made their lack of interest in it clear, the report states. [Degenhardt] came from a big law firm, and he quickly decided the way to impress people was to come up with lots of numbers, one SEC staffer told the inspector generals office. And [Barasch], of course, was part of that. Degenhardt was at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher before joining the SEC, according to his current firm bio, which remains on Fulbrights Web page even though the firm claims Degenhardt retired in 2007. The firms Web site lists him as a special consultant.Still, the central figure who takes the bulk of the blame in the report is undoubtedly Barasch. He left the SEC in the middle of 2005, and within weeks of leaving, he had already asked the agency for permission to represent Stanford in matters before it, the report says. Agency officials denied the request, saying Barasch would be violating federal rules that ban top federal employees from doing work on a matters they previously investigated at a federal agency, the report states. Barasch responded in 2006 by saying he could not remember investigating Stanford even though records show he attended meetings about the possible Ponzi scheme throughout his tenure at the SEC.When the SEC finally charged Stanford in 2009, Barasch once again asked if he could get involved with the case. Every lawyer in Texas and beyond is going to get rich over this case, Barasch reportedly told the inspector general in explaining his continued requests to work on the Stanford case, according to the inspector generalsreport. Okay? And I hated being on the sidelines.The report includes testimony and e-mail records indicating Barasch had performed at least 12 hours of billable work for Stanford even though the SEC denied him permission to do so. Barasch claimed he had merely reviewed a draft of one letter, but e-mails and other records show he was in close contact with Thomas Sjoblom, the former Proskauer Rose partner who was once Stanfords go-to lawyer. (You may recall that Sjoblom himself is the target of legal action for his alleged conduct in representing Stanford, as we have previously reported.) The inspector general has referred Barasch to ethics committees in Washington, D.C. and Texas for possible action, the report states.The report also shows that internal SEC employees complained that Barasch showed little interest in pursuing Stanford while at the SEC. The agency dropped one early investigation when Stanford did not comply with a voluntary request for documents. They dropped another in 1998 when Wayne Secore, one of Stanfords early lawyers, assured Barasch that Stanford was legit, the report says. The decisions surprised other SEC employees, and one of those employees recalled that the 1998 decision came up again when she, Barasch, and others dined out in New Orleans last year. Barasch again mentioned at dinner that the assurances of Stanfords lawyer were good enough for him, the employee told the inspector general. Barasch has denied ever saying that, calling the employees account absurd, the report says. I would never accept an attorneys representation about anything, he told the inspector general.According to the report, things improved at the SEC when Katherine Addleman took over Baraschs position in the Fort Worth enforcement office at the SEC. Addleman, now a partner at Haynes and Boone, was less obsessed with what critics called slam dunk cases and more willing to take on bigger projects such as the Stanford investigation, the report says. Addleman did not return a call seeking comment.One other note: The report gives further ammunition to critics who suggest the SEC is more likely to go easy on entities who hire ex-SEC lawyers to represent them during the early phases of an investigation. Remarks from an anonymous SEC enforcement attorney included in the inspector generals report indicate Stanfords hiring of Sjoblom, a former higher-up at the SEC, helped stave off an aggressive investigation of Stanford in 2005. Here we had this kind of legitimate looking operation with a lawyer [Thomas Sjoblom] that used to be with the SEC, and hes making these representations to us, and there was just so much that we didnt have, the lawyer told the inspector general. So what kind of case could we bring?Critics have recently raised questions about the SECs revolving door in the context of the agencys prolonged failure to sniff out alleged fraud at the fund Allied Capital. In the early stages of the investigation in 2004, Allied retained a former SEC lawyer who joined Venable and registered as a lobbyist for Allied within weeks of leaving the SEC, according to our prior reporting. Later, Allied retained Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorrs William McLucas, former director of enforcement at the SEC, who appeared to intimidate SEC staffers, according to a separate inspector generals report released last month.Thats righttwo really bad inspector generals reports in the last few weeks alone. Like we said: It has been a very bad few months for the SEC.Contact Zach Lowe at zlowe@alm.com.RELATED STORIES FROM THE WEBSEC Engages in High-Risk Game Financial TimesReport Finds SEC Dropped the Ball in Stanford Case Austin American StatesmanMake a commentComments (0)Save & Share: Facebook | Del.ic.ious | Digg It | Email |Reprints & PermissionsCommentsReport offensive comments to The Am Law Daily.Verify your CommentPreviewing your CommentMADOFF + STANFORD + DREIER + SATYAM + FISERV + ALBERT HU + The 1031 Tax Group LLC - Edward H. Okun = PROSKAUER ROSE & FOLEY & LARDNERCheck out Inventor Eliot Bernstein Testimony @ The New York Judiciary Committee headed by John L. Sampson @http://www.fliqz.com/aspx/permalink.aspx?vid=01cfeacdd71147dba54b363fcdb6defeCheck out Iviewit News - IVIEWIT TRILLION $$ FED SUIT DEFENDANT PROSKAUER ROSE SUED IN GLOBAL CLASS ACTION RE STANFORD PONZI @http://www.free-press-release.com/news-iviewit-trillion-fed-suit-defendant-proskauer-rose-sued-in-global-class-action-re-stanford-ponzi-1252249099.htmlInvestors who have been burned in these scams should start to seek redress from the lawyers who were involved with these scams. I personally have been trying to notify regulators and authorities of a ONE TRILLION DOLLAR scam that is putting states like New York and Florida at huge risk, as well as, companies like Intel, Lockheed, SGI and IBM. The states and companies involved in the fraud fail to acknowledge the risk exposing shareholders and citizens to impending liabilities. Investigators, courts and federal agents ignoring the crimes and evidence, including a car-bombing attempt on my life. I know how Harry Markopolos felt trying to expose Madoff in a world without regulation.Did I hear Proskauer Rose is involved in Madoff (involved many clients too) and acted as Allen Stanfords attorney. Investors who lost money in these scams should start looking at the law firm Proskauers assets for recovery. First, Proskauer partner Gregg Mashberg claims Madoff is a financial 9/11 for their clients, if they directed you to Madoff sue them. Then, Proskauer partner Thomas Sjoblom former enforcement dude for SEC and Allen Stanford attorney, declares PARTY IS OVER to Stanford employees and advises them to PRAY, this two days before SEC hearings. Then at hearings, he lies with Holt to SEC saying she only prepared with him but fails to mention Miami meeting at airport hanger. Then Sjoblom resigns after SEC begins investigation and sends note to SEC disaffirming all statements made by him and Proskauer, his butt on fire. If you were burned in Stanford sue Proskauer.Proskauer Rose and Foley & Lardner are also in a TRILLION dollar FEDERAL LAWSUIT legally related to a WHISTLEBLOWER CASE also in FEDERAL COURT. Marc S. Dreier, brought in through Raymond A. Joao of Meltzer Lippe after putting 90+ patents of mine in his own name, is also a defendant in the Federal Case.The Trillion Dollar suit according to Judge Shira Scheindlin is one of PATENT THEFT, MURDER & A CAR BOMBING. For graphics on the car bombing visit www.iviewit.tv.The Federal Court casesCases @ New York Second Circuit1. 08-4873-cv United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit Docket - Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. - TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUIT2. Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.3. Esposito v The State of New York, et al.4. McKeown v The State of New York, et al.Related Cases @ US District Court - Southern District NY5. 07cv09599 Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT which other cases have been marked legally related to by Fed. Judge Shira A. Scheindlin6. 07cv11196 Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.7. 07cv11612 Esposito v The State of New York, et al.,8. 08cv00526 Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.,9. 08cv02391 McKeown v The State of New York, et al.,10. 08cv02852 Galison v The State of New York, et al.,11. 08cv03305 Carvel v The State of New York, et al., and,12. 08cv4053 Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al.13. 08cv4438 Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al.14. 08 cv 6368 John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New YorkEliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.htmlHttp://www.enddiscriminationnow.comHttp://www.corruptcourts.orgHttp://www.changecourtsnow.comhttp://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comwww.parentadvocates.orgwww.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.comPosted by: Eliot Bernstein|April 19, 2010 at 06:07 PMTags: allen stanford, Allied Capital, Andrews Kurth, barack obama, barroway, bernard madoff, christine c. anderson, Christopher Wheeler, crossbow ventures, Dunn & Crutcher, eliot bernstein, eric holder, expose corrupt courts, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, Fulbright & Jaworski, Gibson, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, marc dreier, martin glenn, Mary Shapiro, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, patent, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, Spencer Barasch, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, wayne huizenga Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Iviewit & Eliot Bernstein support Terrence Finnan Legislation to Prevent the Perversion of Justice in NY Courts and by NY AG Andrew CuomoApril 19th, 2010 Remove Cuomos TARPExposing rampant corruption in the NY State and NY Federal Courts and Government. Attorney General, Andrew Cuomo, has represented the corrupt in both State and Federal actions, when he should have represented the People. This lifts the cover off rather than place a TARP over (cover-up).TARP stands for TOXIC ATTORNEYS and REPROBATES PROTECTORSunday, April 18, 2010Whats hiding under your TARP, Andrew Cuomo and NY Judges, with no video record?Better Laws #2Memorandum to Andrew Cuomo, Senator John Sampson, and the NY Times:The system stinks. We need remedy now.See ExposecorruptCourts.blogspot.com for enlightenment.Andrew Cuomo, what hiding under your TARP that fears video exposure? Why doesnt NY Times demand videos of all court proceedings? Senator Sampson, doesnt your black community want video recording of all court proceedings and dont they know the courts cannot be trusted? Wasnt OJ Simpsons not guilty verdict, in part because the black community wanted to send a message about untrusted courts? Why shouldnt the people see what goes on in their courts? Why is youtube, or Acorn like exposure feared?Maybe paraphrasing old wisdom would help: The fear of the the Lord (the People seeing the video) is the beginning of wisdom (honest courts).Honest judges and equitable court actions have been a concern since Moses said over 3,000 years ago, At that time I instructed the judges, You must hear the cases of your fellow Israelites and the foreigners living among you. Be perfectly fair in your decisionsTranslated for our NY lawyers and judges: no favoritism for fellow judges or fellow lawyers and respect and treat fairly the foreigners, i.e. non-lawyers or non- judges. NY Supreme Court Judge David Demerest in Essex County action 974/2006, said from the bench, If you want the law, the rules, and the Constitution followed you have to go the Court of Appeals. In his court the law, the rules and the Constitution are not followed. A video of Judge David Demerest, on line would end his arrogance. So many groups have cried out for court watchers to sit in on court sessions to protect vulnerable victims from brazen judicial misconduct in courts. Replace these court watchers with video.Video all NY court appearances with time displayed and make it necessary for the jurisdiction and validity of all court proceedings that such videos exist and are available. The videos of protected proceedings under our present law could be kept protected, but those videos must be kept available for Appellate proceedings, continuing proceedings by same parties or criminal proceedings if required.First have a good laugh about our present system: A NY judge reviews his own court transcripts for appeals and makes corrections and removals as (s)he sees needed before appellate reviewThen, since none of the above, Cuomo, Sampson or NY Times have acted, Ill show how we can change our NY Laws: Here is present law:  4. Sittings of courts to be public. The sittings of every court within this state shall be public,and every citizen may freely attend the same, except that in all proceedings and trials in cases for divorce, seduction, abortion, rape, assault with intent to commit rape, criminal sexual act, bastardy or filiation,the court may,in its discretion, exclude therefrom all persons who are not directly interested therein, excepting jurors, witnesses, and officers of the courtHeres the Revised law (changes in red):  4. Sittings of courts to be public. The sittings of every court within this state shall be public,and every citizen may freely attend the same and must be recorded on publicly available time stamped video where the words of each participant can be clearly heard and such video be part of the records of said court, except that in all proceedings and trials in cases for divorce, seduction, abortion, rape, assault with intent to commit rape, criminal sexual act, bastardy or filiation, the court may,in its discretion, exclude therefrom all persons who are not directly interested therein, excepting jurors, witnesses, and officers of the court, and also public access may be excluded to such videos, except for Appellate purposes or use in continuing litigation by the same parties in all proceedings and trials.a. the loss of public access to videos required hereunder shall render any such unrecorded proceedings as not part of the record of the courtb. any court proceedings without video recording as required in this law would remove the jurisdiction of any court in this State and would be official misconduct by those who so acted.Please Andrew Cuomo, Senator John Sampson and the NY Times move into the modern age, remedy the corruption, and change the law. Now.Tags: Add new tag, allen stanford, Andrew, Andrew Cuomo, bernard madoff, crystal cox, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, Terrence Finnan, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, wayne huizenga Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Andrew Cuomos Silver Spoon Costs Over a Trillion to New York!  Iviewit & Eliot Bernstein Support Terrence Finnans Allegations of Widespread Corruption at the New York Attorney Generals Office.  Relations between Cuomo, Spitzer and Proskauer Rose law firm and more.April 15th, 2010 from Finnans blog CuomoTarp @ http://cuomotarp.blogspot.com/2010/04/what-is-trillion-dollars-it-is-one.htmlWednesday, April 14, 2010Cuomos Silver Spoon Costs Over a Trillion DollarsWhat is a trillion dollars? It is one million packages each individually containing a million dollars. Andrew Gollum Cuomos quest for The Ring, produced more than a trillion dollars in costs. Yesterdays blog post here reported Cuomo had a mere 59 billion missing at HUD which trifles compared to the losses when, Cuomo required Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to buy $2.4 trillion in mortgages over a 10-year span,  of which more than 50% were to be sub prime.Doing the arithmetic for the financially challenged Cuomo, 50% 0f 2.4 = 1.2, means he planned only $1.2 trillion in sub prime mortgage devastation.http://www.setexasrecord.com/news/225182-duke-prof-says-ag-cuomo-helped-cause-financial-crisisThank God, Cuomos goals described in his press release as HUD Secretary are not yet reached, CUOMO ANNOUNCES ACTION TO PROVIDE $2.4 TRILLION IN MORTGAGES FOR AFFORDABLE HOUSINGhttp://archives.hud.gov/news/1999/pr99-131.htmlAndrew Cuomos Gollum quest combined with a silver spoon syndrome left a wake of financial devastation whose terrible costs were passed on to the People of NY.All the job losses which funded Gollum Spitzers quest, were then continued by his replacement, Gollum Cuomo, which kept billions of dollars from the NY economy and so many jobs out of NY. This is the direct cause of the loss in NY State Income Tax Revenues now afflicting NY and generating the budget crisis. (see 4/10 post on this blog)If you dont remember a silver spoon in your mouth and a legacy governorship in your pocket, you must keep both Gollum Spitzer and Gollum Cuomo distant from control of your money or your taxes.But Cuomos above reported macro financial malfeasances, are dwarfed in the number of afflicted individuals from his micro malfeasances. Cuomos used his TARP to hide State-wide Court corruption which devastated so many individuals and our States economy. Would an honest attorney general cover up and defend a corrupt Chief Judge and Appellate Judge who stole $40 million dollars? Would an honest attorney general cover up and defend the corruption in Westchester Surrogate Court where $250 million dollars is stolen from the heirs of Tom Carvel (ice cream) and distributed among a corrupt cabal of lawyers and judges?See ExposeCorruptCourts.blogspot.comI could replace decency with honesty and ask Andrew Cuomo the same words spoken before Senator McCarthy in 1954, Youve done enough. Have you no sense of decency, sir, at long last? Have you left no sense of decency? But I know the words would fall on the closed ears of Gollum entitled to the highest office because he born better than I and is convinced of what is owed to him. Posted by T Finnan at 6:22 AM   Labels: Andrew Cuomo, corruption, Gollum Cuomo, silver spoon-Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.html Http://www.enddiscriminationnow.comHttp://www.corruptcourts.orgHttp://www.changecourtsnow.comhttp://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comwww.parentadvocates.orgwww.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.comTags: allen stanford, Andrew Cuomo, bernard madoff, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, Eliot Spitzer, eric holder, Fannie Mae, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, Freddie Mac, Gollum, HUD, intel, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, New York Attorney General, ny senate judiciary committee, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, Terrence Finnan, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Iviewit and Eliot Bernstein Support Terrence Finnans similar claims of CORRUPTION in the New York Attorney Generals Office under Eliot Spitzer and Andrew Cuomo.  Claims similar to Whistleblower Christine C. Andersons claims of illegal representation by NY AG causing FEDERAL OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE to protect favored lawyers and prosecutorsApril 12th, 2010 http://www.free-press-release.com/news/print-1271031491.htmlAndrew Cuomo Follows In Eliot Spitzers Footprints In Pursuit of The Ring and Governorship Ignoring The Law And Rules To Amass A 16 Million Dollar Treasury 2010-04-11By: TFinnan on April 11, 2010Can Andrew Cuomo follow Eliot Spitzers example pursuing the Governorship and fund his campaign treasury with payments from opposing attorneys with actions against NY State?. For_Immediate_Release:Terence Finnan reports on his blog CuomoTARP.blogspot.com , that one can follow Cuomos and Spitzers Money Trails pursuing for themselves The Ring, specifically the Governorship and, ultimately, the Presidency. Mr. Finnan reports of the joy in London over Spitzers role in taking money out of the NY Financial Markets,  History will come to view him (Spitzer) as one of the most damaging figures in the history of the state. It is difficult to imagine that he will, as governor, do anything to counter the damage he has already done to American business, or even that he would wish to do so. Mr. Finnan asks, Is Cuomo like Spitzer, a Gollum, obsessed with the Ring, and becoming Governor and our first Italian president? Mr. Finnan further asks,  Do the People of NY benefit when Cuomo shakes down lawyers for his campaign treasury, instead of Spitzer shaking down Wall Street? What benefit to the People of NY accrues when Cuomo builds a 16 million dollar campaign fund with payoffs by lawyers with cases against NY State. In the end, werent the payoffs made to Cuomos treasury only passed on as an expense of the People of NY whose interests were compromised?Following the advice in Matthew 6:24 No man can serve two masters, Mr. Finnan asks whether Andrew Cuomo can serve as the Peoples attorney and at the same time collect payments from opposing lawyers?Mr. Finnan quotes the applicable Disciplinary Rule DR 5-101 [1200.20] concerning Conflicts of Interest and asks whether Andrew Cuomo obtained permission from the People of NY to take money from opposing attorneys?Finally, Mr. Finnan asks three questions of Andrew Cuomo:1. Did you obtain the consent of the People after full disclosure of the implications before you took the money for your own personal campaign interests?2. A special prosecutor?3. Is your defense, Spitzer did it first?Earlier posts had asked Andrew Cuomo to support making Official Misconduct a felony, instead of a misdemeanor and presented criminal complaints to facilitate Andrew Cuomo to prosecute several State Judges and Senators for criminal conduct..####For more information:Keywords: Andrew Cuomo,Eliot Spitzer,Cuomo CorruptionTags: Andrew Cuomo, christine c. anderson, eliot bernstein, Eliot Spitzer, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, JUDITH KAYE, mario cuomo, ny senate judiciary committee, proskauer, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, thomas cahill Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Iviewit Follow-up Letter to Governor David A. Paterson - Summary of Conf Call March 18, 2010 w/ Howie Katz ~ Special Assistant to the Governor & David Weinstein ~ First Asst Counsel re Trillion Dollar Federal Lawsuit Against Proskauer Rose, Foley Lardner, Judith Kaye, Andrew Cuomo and More http://www.iviewit.tvMarch 31st, 2010 From: Eliot Ivan Bernstein [mailto:iviewit@gmail.com]Sent: Wednesday, March 31, 2010 8:55 AMTo: David A. Paterson ~ Governor @ New York State (gov@chamber.state.ny.us); Howie Katz ~ Special Assistant to New York Governor David Paterson (Howie.Katz@chamber.state.ny.us); David A. Paterson ~ Governor @ New York State (david.paterson@chamber.state.ny.us)Cc: David Ari Weinstein ~ First Assistant Counsel @ New York State Governor Office of David A. Paterson (david.weinstein@chamber.state.ny.us); David Johnson ~ Senior Advisor @ New York State Governor Paterson (david.johnson@chamber.state.ny.us); Caroline Prochotska Rogers, Esquire (caroline@cprogers.com); Michele M. Mulrooney Esq. - Jackoway Tyerman Wertheimer Austen Mandelbaum & Morris (MMulrooney@JTWAMM.com); Garber, Marc; Andrew Dietz @ Rock-It Cargo USA, Inc. (andyd@rockitcargo.com); Barry Becker; Frank Brady @ Expose Corrupt Courts (CorruptCourts@gmail.com); Iviewit Breaking News - Read All About It; Kevin R. Hall Esq. (krhall007@aol.com); Pat Handley (svm231@aol.com); Suzanne McCormick; Richard Kuse (wildmans@verizon.net); Robert Morningstar (robertmorningstar@gmail.com)Subject: Howie Per Our Conversation Regarding Whistleblower Corruption Scandal in AG Office and MoreI-VIEW-IT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with VisionMarch 31, 2010 By ( Email / Webform @ http://www.ny.gov/governor/contact/GovernorContactForm.php ) Attn: Howie Katz, Special Assistant to Governor PatersonExecutive Chamber of the State of New YorkAlbany, New York 12207andAttn: First Assistant Counsel David WeinsteinCounsels Office to the GovernorExecutive Chamber of the State of New YorkAlbany, New York 12207Re:  Follow-up and Summary of Conference Call on Thursday March 18, 2010 with Howie Katz, Special Assistant to Governor David PatersonDear Special Assistant Howie Katz and First Assistant Counsel David Weinstein: I, Eliot I. Bernstein, am writing to follow up on a conference call I recently had with Special Assistant to Governor Paterson Howie Katz on Thursday March 18, 2010 with Patrick Hanley, Richard Kuse and Kevin Hall, Esq. also on the conference call. After speaking with Mr. Katz, he indicated that he would be contacting Mr. Weinstein as First Assistant Counsel, in furtherance of the issues discussed during the call which came several days after I spoke with Narda in the Executive Chamber who directly spoke with Governor Paterson whom recommended that we speak with Mr. Katz as a starting point. Mr. Katz felt that the matter was beyond his scope as a Non-Attorney and stated Mr. Weinstein would be contacting us shortly, this letter to help aid your efforts in expectation of your call. As indicated to Mr. Katz, my Multi-Count 12 Trillion Dollar Federal Rico and Anti-Trust lawsuit has been marked legally related to the federal Whistleblower lawsuit of Christine Anderson, a former inside Staff Attorney at the NYS First Department Appellate Division Discipline Committee who exposed rampant Whitewashing and corruption during her live testimony in the federal district court of the US Southern District of New York before US District Judge Shira Scheindlin. US District Judge Scheindlin is the federal Judge who marked my case legally related to the Anderson Whistleblower case. The legally related cases or those seeking relation to Anderson are as follows:Related Cases to Whistleblower Anderson @ New York Second Circuit1. 08-4873-cv United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit Docket Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. - TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUIT2. Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.3. Esposito v The State of New York, et al.4. McKeown v The State of New York, et al.Related Cases to Whistleblower Anderson @ US District Court - Southern District NY5. 07cv09599 Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT which other cases have been marked legally related to by Fed. Judge Shira A. Scheindlin6. 07cv11196 Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.7. 07cv11612 Esposito v The State of New York, et al.8. 08cv00526 Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.9. 08cv02391 McKeown v The State of New York, et al.10. 08cv02852 Galison v The State of New York, et al.11. 08cv03305 Carvel v The State of New York, et al. 12. 08cv4053 Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al. 13. 08cv4438 Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al. 14. 08 cv 6368 John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New York15. 06cv05169 McNamara v The State of New York, et al.Mr. Katz was informed that both Pat Hanley and Richard Kuse who were on the conference call had also previously testified before the NY State Senate Judiciary Committee along with myself in hearings conducted on corruption matters in New York on Sept. 24, 2009 in New York City. A Link to my Testimony before the State Senate Judiciary Committee is provided as follows:  October 05, 2009 Prepared Statement of Eliot I. Bernstein of Iviewit to New York Senate Judiciary Committee John L. Sampson Regarding Trillion Dollar Iviewit Federal Lawsuit Naming Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner, IBM, Intel, SGI, Lockheed and Morehttp://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=165  September 24, 2009 Judiciary Committee Hearing Link to Testimony of Eliot Bernstein Begins at 4.02.08 in this video @ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knQLll5hmjs&feature=player_embedded  June 08, 2009 Judiciary Committee Hearing with link to Whistleblower Anderson Testimony, Anderson is the second speaker @http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8OX8uuAbw&feature=player_embedded My 12 Count 12 Trillion Dollar federal suit was fully announced to the Senate Judiciary Committee during the hearings on this date, with Senator Sampson, Senator Maziarz of Niagara and others present, all members of the Committee have been apprised of the hearings and supplemented with evidence of the illegal activities of the AGs office and have recommended a task force be initiated to deal with elements exposed during the hearings. The NY State Attorney General Andrew Cuomos Office has been fully apprised of my lawsuit, with predecessor Eliot Spitzer and the AGs office Defendants in my lawsuit and in fact one of the very purposes of my call to Governor Patersons Office is caused by the inherent Conflicts of Interest raised by the AGs Office of Andrew Cuomo simultaneously being a Defendant in my federal RICO and Anti-Trust lawsuit while simultaneously representing both personally and professionally multiple State Officers and Agencies including Judges and Clerks of the NY State First Department and Second Department Appellate Divisions and former NY State Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals Judith Kaye in violation of his public office and honest service duties. With AG Cuomos office representing the accused public officials that his offices should be investigating on behalf of the People of New York, the accused are shielded from prosecution through the Conflicts creating Title 18 Obstructions to Justice in a plethora of Corruption cases.Supporting wholly the argument that Andrew Cuomos office is illegally representing State Defendants in violation of his public office duties and honest service duties, almost identical to my claims, is the Whistleblower Christine C. Andersons claims, as Anderson now is seeking a rehearing based on AG Cuomos illegal representation of state defendants both professionally and personally and more, again through a tangled web of illegal Conflicts of Interest that similarly block due process by precluding investigation of those public officials fingered by Anderson, again acting as an Obstruction of Justice. The illegal representation again providing a shield from investigation for the public officials accused, as Cuomo again cannot investigate those he is defending even when fingered by an insider, despite his legal obligations of his office duties. Andersons filing outlining the AGs illegal representation can be found @ November 16, 2009 Anderson Motion for Rehearinghttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20091116%20Anderson%20Motion%20Rehearing%20Cuomo%20Conflicts.pdf Further, Special Assistant Katz was advised that AG Cuomo and others may be hiding and secreting the Massive Liabilities to New York State presented by my lawsuit alone which involves massive fraud and theft of the Iviewit Technologies which are used on the Hubble Space Telescope, across all internet service providers hosting video, all digital cable transmissions, for a mass of Defense Applications, Medical imaging devices, video conference calling, cell phone video applications, gaming and more also implicating major connected and high powered law firms regulated in New York, Florida, Virginia and by the Federal Patent Bar, including Proskauer Rose and Foley & Lardner and more. Pat Hanley who was on the call and who testified before the NYS Senate Judiciary on Sept. 24, 2009 is an assistant to Suzanne McCormick who also has a federal case that was marked legally related to the Anderson Whistleblower case as Suzanne McCormicks case involves millions in Estate funds defrauded by the Westchester Surrogates Court implicating multiple Judges and regulatory bodies in New York. Thus, it was pointed out to Mr. Katz that one of the purposes of the Call to Governor Paterson was due to the need for an Independent Special Prosecutor in New York and need for a Federal Monitor as a result of the massive Conflicts of Interest, the Obstruction of Justice by leading public officials of New York and Court Officials, revealing a MASS of corruption within the NYS Office of Court Administration ( OCA ) and related regulatory and oversight bodies such as the Attorney Discipline Committees and Commission on Judicial Conduct and more. I believe it was Kevin R. Hall, Esq. that pointed out to Mr. Katz that requests for a Federal Monitor and Independent Prosecutor have already been made to the Governor via Franklin N. Brady a.k.a Kevin McKeown, and Christine Anderson who have also petitioned United States Attorney General Eric Holders Office. Of course I mentioned to Mr. Katz having been present in open federal court during the Anderson Whistleblower trial that she testified to the existence of a CLEANER at the First Department named Naomi Goldstein who Whitewashed complaints for selected US Attorneys, District Attorneys, the ADAs and other favored law firms and lawyers. Andersons Testimony and Written Statements can be found @ http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=209 Mr. Katz was further apprised by Mr. Hall of the background of my RICO and Anti-Trust Lawsuit whereby Director Harry I. Moatz of the USPTO Office of Enrollment & Discipline of the USPTO directed me to file charges of Fraud Upon the United States Patent Office with the Commissioner of Patents that led to SUSPENSION of my Intellectual Properties pending investigations of fraud on the USPTO by licensed attorneys with the Federal Patent Bar overseen by Moatz. Moatz and Special Agent Stephen Lucchesi of the FBI, who is now missing with the entire Iviewit investigatory files, were confirmed to be working together on the Fraud on the United States Patent Office investigation when the Intellectual Properties were suspended. For your information and convenience, I have attached a link to my formal Petition to United States President Barack Obamas Office, White House Counsel, as well as US AG Eric Holder and others. http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090213%20FINAL%20SIGNED%20LETTER%20OBAMA%20TO%20ENJOIN%20US%20ATTORNEY%20FINGERED%20ORIGINAL%20MAIL%20l.pdf You may also find helpful the following links to formal SEC Complaints I have filed announcing a Trillion Dollar fraud involving some of the largest and most powerful companies and law firms in the world including the Intel Corporation, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Silicon Graphics Inc, AOL Inc, Time Warner Inc., Sony, Proskauer Rose law firm, Foley & Lardner law firm and others. http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=274 andhttp://www.free-press-release.com/news-eliot-bernstein-of-iviewit-technologies-files-sec-fbi-complaint-with-mary-schapiro-others-against-warner-bros-aol-inc-time-warner-intel-sgi-1268580941.html andhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090325%20FINAL%20Intel%20SEC%20Complaint%20SIGNED2073.pdf andhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=209 You may also find a wealth of information at my website www.iviewit.tv which is evidence in the federal case and investigation which will provide links to NDA violators, documentary evidence and much more. I look forward to a timely call from your office in this matter and if further information is needed, please advise.Thank you in advance for your time, effort and consideration to this matter. Sincerely,Eliot Bernstein cc: Patrick Hanley  Suzanne McCormick Richard Kuse Kevin Hall, Esq.Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.html Http://www.enddiscriminationnow.comHttp://www.corruptcourts.orgHttp://www.changecourtsnow.comhttp://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comwww.parentadvocates.orgwww.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.comTags: Add new tag, allen stanford, barroway, bernard madoff, David A Paterson, David Weinstein, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, Howie Katz, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, New York Supreme Court, ny senate judiciary committee, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, wayne huizenga Posted in Uncategorized |   1 Comment Eliot Bernstein of Iviewit Technologies files SEC & FBI Complaint with Mary Schapiro & Others against Warner Bros., AOL Inc., Time Warner, Intel, SGI, Lockheed Martin, Proskauer Rose, Foley & LardnerMarch 14th, 2010 IVIEWIT PRESS RELEASE SEC, FBI AND MORE CRIMINAL COMPLAINTS - READ ALL ABOUT ITCopy of Press Release at the Totally Awesome Free Press Release @ http://www.free-press-release.com/news-eliot-bernstein-of-iviewit-technologies-files-sec-fbi-complaint-with-mary-schapiro-others-against-warner-bros-aol-inc-time-warner-intel-sgi-1268580941.htmlEliot Bernstein of Iviewit Technologies files SEC & FBI Complaint with Mary Schapiro & Others against Warner Bros., AOL Inc., Time Warner, Intel, SGI, Lockheed Martin, Proskauer Rose, Foley & LardnerSUMMARYThe SEC & DOJ notified of the alleged Major Shareholder Fraud by these leading blue chip companies & Shareholders need to be aware of the Iviewit Complaint and undisclosed massive liabilities.FORMAL CRIMINAL COMPLAINT TO SEC & FBI RE SHAREHOLDER FRAUD BY LEADING BLUE CHIPSCorp Management of Time Warner (NYSE: TWX), Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc., AOL Inc. (NYSE: AOL), Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC), Silicon Graphics, Inc. (delisted NYSE: SGI) & successor Silicon Graphics International (NASDAQ: SGI), Sony Corporation (NYSE/ADR: SNE) , Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT), Ernst & Young Global Limited have known about the Trillion Dollar Iviewit Liabilities for years & allegedly have concealed the liabilities from Shareholders & in some instances reorganized to the detriment of Shareholders in alleged fraudulent transactions, which may lead to Shareholder Rescissory Rights & catastrophic damage to the companies as complained of to Fed Officials.FEB 12, 2010 CRIMINAL COMPLAINTThe SEC Complaint filed Feb 12, 2010, Iviewit & Eliot I. Bernstein Official Formal Complaintagainst Warner Bros. Entertainment, Inc., AOL Inc. & Time Warner, regarding Trillion Dollar alleged Fraud on Shareholders; FASB No. 5 & other SEC accounting violations & violations of State, Federal & Intl Laws; Rescissory Rights of Shareholders; Evidence & Important Info for the SEC regarding ongoing SEC Investigations of Bernard L. Madoff, Marc S. Dreier, Sir Robert Allen Stanford, Proskauer Rose, Galleon, Enron Broadband, Enron, Arthur Andersen & morehttp://www.iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=274andhttp://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20100206%20FINAL%20SEC%20FBI%20and%20more%20COMPLAINT%20Against%20Warner%20Bros%20Time%20Warner%20AOL176238nscolorlow.pdfADDRESSED TO:SEC Chair Mary ShapiroSEC IG, H. David KotzIG OF THE US DOJ, Glenn FineFBIHOUSE & SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEENY SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEEUS AG, Eric HolderTreasury IG, David GouvaiaSBA IG, Peggy Gustafson & Daniel ORourkeUS DEP OF COMMERCE IG, Todd ZinserUnder Sec of Commerce for Intellectual Property & Dir of the USPTO, David KapposDeputy Under Sec of Commerce for Intellectual Property & Deputy Dir of the USPTO, Sharon BarnerUSPTO - OFFICE OF ENROLLMENT & DISCIPLINE DIR, Harry I. MoatzUS PRESIDENT, Hon President of the US, Barack H. Obama IIFILED AGAINSTWarner Bros. Entertainment, Inc.Chair & CEO: Barry MeyerPres & COO: Alan HornEVP & CFO: Edward RomanoVP & Chief Patent Counsel: Wayne SmithAOL, Inc.Chair & CEO: Tim ArmstrongGC & EVP: Ira ParkerCounsel - Patent Lit, Prosecution & Licensing: Christopher DayExec Escalation Team: Jerry McKinleyTime Warner, Inc.Chair & CEO: Jeffrey BewkesEVP & GC: Paul CappuccioMARCH 29, 2009 SEC COMPLAINT INTEL, LOCKHEED MARTIN & SGIA SEC complaint also was filed by Iviewit against Intel, SGI & Lockheed & similar allegations were levied against these corps for Patent Theft, knowing infringement & Shareholder Fraud.The March 29th 2009 SEC Complaint to Shapiro titled Complaint Regarding Intel Corp & Possible Trillion Dollar Fraud on Intel Shareholders & Othershttp://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090325%20FINAL%20Intel%20SEC%20Complaint%20SIGNED2073.pdf12 COUNT 12 TRILLION DOLLAR FED RICO & ANTITRUST SUIT LEGALLY MARKEDRELATED TO NY SUPREME COURT WHISTLEBLOWER SUITLiabilities for the complained of companies centers on both knowing technology infringements & liabilities from failure to report the Fed RICO & ANTITRUST filed by Iviewit & now legally marked RELATED to the Whistleblower suit of Christine C. Anderson, a former staff attorney for the NY Supreme Court Appellate Division. Anderson gave riveting testimony of systemic corruption to the NY State Senate Judiciary & in sworn testimony in before Judge Shira Scheindlin of Whitewashing & Criminal Obstruction by Court Officials for Favored Lawyers & Law Firms, the US Attorney in New York, the DA and Asst DA or words to that effect. Anderson further fingered one of the CLEANERS of ATTORNEY MISCONDUCT COMPLAINTS at the NY Supreme Court as Naomi Goldstein.A CLEANER at the ETHICS department of NY responsible for attorney regulation in Manhattan & the WallStreet financial district, perhaps the reason the country is suffering from a lack of attorney regulation in the heart of the financial district that has led to lax or complicit regulators and prosecutors and a worldwide economic meltdown.Andersons testimonyhttp://www.iviewit.tv/20090608nysjudiciaryhearing/index.htmhttp://www.iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=205Bernstein testimony before the NY Senate Judiciary of systemic corruption that has blocked due process & procedure via corrupt infiltration of the NY Courts @http://www.iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=189http://www.iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=165HOUSE OF CARD COLLAPSING ON NY CRIME SYNDICATE INSIDE NY COURTS, ETHICS DEPARTMENTS, PUBLIC OFFICES & REGULATORY AGENCIES BY CRIMINAL LAW FIRMS & LAWYERSThe House of Cards is Crumbling on Key Players in the Iviewit Scandal as the NY Corruption Scandal Elevates to Senior NY Political Figures including Cuomo & members of the NY Supreme Court & US Fed Courts in NY.Proskauer RoseProskauer, mastermind of the bungled attempt to steal the Iviewit patents through Fraud on the US Patent Office & further bungled attempts to cover up the crimes in the NY Courts is under further scrutiny with Proskauers direct involvement in the Stanford Financial Ponzi & subsequent resignation of partner Thomas Sjoblom, a former SEC enforcement officer, allegedly found coaching Stanford employees on how to lie to SEC & FBI investigators at a Miami Airport Hanger preceding the arrest of Stanford & his employees. Proskauer also sued in a Class Action suit for the entire 7 billion dollar Stanford losses & sued by an arrested Stanford employee. Proskauer has further direct ties to both the Madoff & Dreier Ponzis.NY Attorney General CuomoFollowing the illegal representation by the NY AG in the Iviewit RICO & ANTITRUST suit & Andersons Whistleblower suit under Spitzer as NY AG, the Cuomo Admin continues to represent illegally State Defendants in both cases left over by Spitzer (a named Defendant in the RICO and Antitrust). As the Iviewit & Anderson claims are further investigated & litigated these present the largest liability to Cuomos run for any office as the largest scandal brewing in NY begins to unravel with his offices dead center.Andersons filinghttp://www.frankbrady.org/TammanyHall/Documents_files/Anderson%20111609%20Filing.pdfIviewit filings of Illegal rep by Cuomo @http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080305%20Final%20Plaintiff%20Oposition%20to%20AG%20Cuomo%20letter%20email%20copy.pdfhttp://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090129%20Final%20Extension%20of%20Time%202%20SIGNED%20low.pdfThe US District CourtWith Andersons revelations in the US District Court & the Jury finding that her 1st Amendment Rights to Free Speech regarding Whistleblower Allegations had been violated, the whole case has been called into question & further questioned due to the ILLEGAL REPRESENTATION of the NY AG Cuomos office. Based on Cuomos illegal representation of State Officials, Anderson filed for an entirely new hearing based on the Cuomos mass conflicts. Iviewit alleges that NY AG Cuomos illegal representation of State Defendants, Officially & Personally, violates his office duties & obligations of honest services to NY, public office rules and violates state & federal laws, whereby the Conflicts of Interest act to block investigation of the State Defendants fingered by Whistleblower Anderson &in Iviewits suit, causing Obstruction of Justice through Fraud on the Court. Serious allegations for Cuomo who continues to illegally represent State Officials on public funds, while failing to investigate those same public officials, including former NY Chief Judge Judith Kaye. Also of concern is if these massive liabilities have been reported to State Auditors by Cuomo?The US 2nd CircuitIn the US Second Circuit, Iviewit filed a Motion to Compel compelling that court to follow law, as with Andersons revelations exposing court members, that court has tried to ILLEGALLY Dismiss all the legally related cases to Anderson in attempts to bury them & keep the lids on the scandal that may lead them to exchange their legal robes for prison garb.Motion to Compelhttp://www.iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=78http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090908%20FINAL%20Emergency%20Motion%20to%20Compel%20SIGNED44948.pdfTags: allen stanford, Andrew Cuomo, Antitrust, AOL, Arthur Andersen, barack obama, barroway, bernard madoff, Brian G. Utley, Bruce Sewell, capital, Car Bomb, Christopher Wheeler, copyright, crossbow ventures, David Kappos, DVD6C, eliot bernstein, Eliot Spitzer, Enron, Enron Broadband, eric holder, Ernst & Young, FASB, Federal Bureau of Investigation, First Department, first department disciplinary, Flaster Greenberg, foley & lardner, Fraud, Glenn A. Fine, Harry I. Moatz, Hassan Miah, IBM, intel, inventor, Ira Parker, iviewit, James Comey, Jeffrey W. Levitan, joao, John Calkins, John Conyers, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, Marc Garber, martin glenn, Mary Shapiro, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, Michael Reale, mpeg, mpegla, myclads, New York Attorney General, New York Senate Judiciary Committee, New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department, Nicole Corrado, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, ownership, P. Stephen Lamont, patent, patentgate, person, PONZI, proskauer, Rajiv Goel, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, Real 3D, RICO, ropes & gray, SEC, Senator John Sampson, sgi, Sheila Gowan, Shira A. Scheindlin, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, Steven M. Cohen, Terrorist, theft, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, Tim Armstrong, Time Warner, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, United States Patent & Trademark Office, United States Second Circuit, video, Wachovia, Warner Bros., wayne huizenga, Wayne Smith, William J Dick, xxx Posted in Iviewit Press Releases |   No Comments Iviewit & Eliot I. Bernstein Official Formal Complaint sent by Official SEC Email and Official Email Addresses to Other Investigatory Agencies and Committees addressed herein, Against Warner Bros. Entertainment, Inc., AOL Inc. and Time Warner, regarding Trillion Dollar alleged fraud on Shareholders; FASB No. 5 and other SEC, accounting violations and Violations of State, Federal and International Laws; Rescissory rights of Shareholders; Evidence and Important Information for the SEC regarding ongoing SEC Investigations of Bernard L. Madoff, Marc S. Dreier, Sir Robert Allen Stanford, Proskauer Rose, Galleon, Enron Broadband, Enron, Arthur Andersen and more.February 13th, 2010 I VIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with VisionFOR ACOLOR SIGNED FINGERPRINTED FILED COPY CLICK ME- FOR HYPERACTIVE VERSION READ ONEliot I. BernsteinFounder & InventorDirect Dial: (561) 245-8588 (o) (561) 886-7628 (c)Friday, February 12, 2010OFFICIAL COMPLAINT Addressed to all of the following parties:SEC, Chairperson Mary Shapiro @ CHAIRMANOFFICE@sec.gov and enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Office of Chief Accountant @ enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Office of International Affairs @ enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Office of International Enforcement Assistance @ enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Division of Enforcement @ enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Office of Internet Enforcement @ enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Division of Corporate Finance @ enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Division of Corporate Finance Chief Accountants Office ( CF-OCA ) @ , enforcement@sec.govSEC INSPECTOR GENERAL, H. David Kotz @ oig@sec.govINSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, Glenn Fine @ glenn.a.fine@usdoj.gov & oig.hotline@usdoj.gov ,Federal Bureau of Investigation  White Collar Crime Unit and all other appropriate divisions @ Miami@ic.fbi.gov ,HOUSE AND SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEES @ john.conyers@mail.house.gov ,NEW YORK SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE @ members individual email addresses, UNITED STATES ATTORNEY GENERAL, Eric Holder, Jr., @ inspector.general@usdoj.gov & AskDOJ@usdoj.gov Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, David Gouvaia @ Complaints@tigta.treas.gov and david.gouvaia@tigta.treas.gov SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION INSPECTOR GENERAL, Peggy E. Gustafson & Daniel J. ORourke @ daniel.orourke@sba.gov & http://web.sba.gov/oigcss/client/dsp_welcome.cfm Complaint FormUS DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE INSPECTOR GENERAL, Todd J. Zinser @ hotline@oig.doc.gov Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the US Patent Office, David Kappos @ david.kappos@USPTO.gov Deputy Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Deputy Director of the USPTO, Sharon Barner @ Sharon.Barner@USPTO.gov US PATENT OFFICE - OFFICE OF ENROLLMENT AND DISCIPLINE DIRECTOR, Harry I. Moatz @ Harry.Moatz@USPTO.GOV UNITED STATES OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT, The Honorable President of the United States Barack Obama @ Facsimile +1 (202) 456-2461This FORMAL OFFICIAL COMPLAINT is filed with the Official SEC Complaint Intake Email Address: enforcement@sec.gov & CHAIRMANOFFICE@sec.gov and also filed with all investigators or committees the letter is addressed to, please make this Formal Complaint a part of all ongoing investigations or committees records regarding Iviewit companies and Eliot I, Bernstein, Inventor.Re: Official Formal Complaint sent by Official SEC Email and Official Email Addresses to Other Investigatory Agencies and Committees addressed herein, Against Warner Bros. Entertainment, Inc., AOL Inc. and Time Warner, regarding Trillion Dollar alleged fraud on Shareholders; FASB No. 5 and other SEC, accounting violations and Violations of State, Federal and International Laws; Rescissory rights of Shareholders; Evidence and Important Information for the SEC regarding ongoing SEC Investigations of Bernard L. Madoff, Marc S. Dreier, Allen Stanford, Proskauer Rose, Galleon Enron Broadband, Enron, Arthur Andersen, and more.Complaint filed against, including but not limited to;Warner Bros. Entertainment, Inc.Chairman and CEO: Barry M. Meyer; Pres+ident and COO: Alan F. Horn; EVP and CFO: Edward A. Romano; Vice President and Chief Patent Counsel: Wayne M. Smith AOL, Inc.Chairman and CEO: Tim Armstrong; General Counsel and Executive Vice President, Corporate Development: Ira Parker; Assistant General Counsel - Patent Litigation, Prosecution, and Licensing: Christopher Day; Executive Escalation Team: Jerry McKinleyTime Warner, Inc.Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Jeffrey L. Bewkes; Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Time Warner Inc.: Paul T. Cappuccio* For a more complete list of complained of parties herein from these companies, see Exhibit 1.Conflict of interest disclosure form  please read and accept prior to further handling of this complaint. The form is listed as exhibit 2.FAILURE TO COMPLY MAY RESULT IN FEDERAL AND STATE CRIMINAL AND CIVIL CHARGES AGAINST YOU!INTRODUCTION  BACKGROUND INFOI, Eliot Bernstein, of 2753 NW 34th Street, Boca Raton, Florida 33434, as one of the Original Owners and Inventors of revolutionary backbone technologies that transformed digital video and imaging, am filing this FORMAL COMPLAINT with the SEC and all agencies and committees addressed herein, against Warner Bros. Entertainment, Inc., AOL Inc., Time Warner, Inc. and Time Warner Cable, whereby these companies and all of their subsidiaries, affiliates, contractors, agents and employees collectively are referred to herein as (Warner Bros et al.). Please note that these companies previously were under the same corporate structure during most, if not all, of the critically relevant times to this complaint. This timeframe includes both the original merger of Warner Bros et al. to the recent breakup of Warner Bros et al. and the allegations levied herein may have directly, and illegally, influenced those transactions to the detriment of Shareholders. Future detrimental effects on Shareholders, if failure to investigate these matters is not instant, may result in causing further massive losses to Shareholders of these highly traded New York Stock Exchange companies. The losses could be thousands of times greater than the Ponzi Schemes of Stanford, Madoff and Dreier combined and those schemes evidenced herein have ties to the alleged crimes described herein.For your convenience, I have attached the following link to a Press Statement issued about the Merger of Warner Bros et al. back in 2000. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aol andhttp://www.timewarner.com/corp/newsroom/pr/0,20812,667602,00.htmlIn addition, I make a special note concerning the urgency and Time Sensitive nature of these matters predicated upon various factors, including but not limited to, the recent corporate split of AOL Inc. and Time Warner, Inc., which itself should be fully and completely investigated by the SEC as part of this complaint with direct correlation to the matters herein, for all of the reasons set forth herein. The Investigation should, include but not be limited to, all original stock and securities related transactions in the original Warner Bros et al. merger and all transactions forward. All of these transactions dating back to 1998 may have been influenced by the alleged fraud and involvement in criminal activity described herein.  Leading Industry Experts working inside Warner Bros et al. (See attached Exhibit 1  List of Warner Bros et al. contacts) and related companies, tested, used, viewed, approved, validated, Contracted and LicensedFebruary 15, 2001 ~ Signed Licensing Contract  http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20010822%20-%20SIGNED%20Warner%20Bros%20Agreement%20AOL.pdfmy technologies under multiple Non Disclosures and other Licensing Agreements. Attached hereto are various Internal communications within Warner Bros et al. documenting the relationship and admitted uses, including an ADMISSION by technologists within the organization, that my Technologies were being infringed upon AFTER NDAs had been executed. These agreements then resulted in a Signed and Executed Licensing Agreement at that time as illustrated and exhibited herein. Warner Bros et al. and others complained of herein may be perpetrating Massive Fraud on their Shareholders through concealment of these Massive Liabilities resulting from the theft and unauthorized uses of my technologies over almost a decade. The technologies have revolutionized digital imaging and video hardware and software and instantly heralded by leading experts in 1998 as the Holy Grail of the Internet that allows quality video and imaging as now used worldwide by almost every user of a PC. But broader than merely the Internet the technologies are used on virtually every camera, video camera, television, medical imaging device, telescope, microscope, satellite, DVD, graphics chip, gaming hardware and software, flight and space simulators, etc. and paved the way for new markets entirely, such as cell phone video and Voice Over Internet Protocol (VOIP).Then it was discovered that our Intellectual Property Attorneys from Proskauer Rose LLP (Proskauer), Foley & Lardner LLP (Foley) and Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolfe & Schlissel LLP (Meltzer) with the help of early licensors of my technologies, including Intel Corporation (Intel), Lockheed Martin (Lockheed), Silicon Graphics Inc. (SGI ), Warner Bros., AOL, IBM and more, tried to grab the Grail. When caught, as evidenced herein, these powerful law firms and blue chip companies resorted to terrorist styled attacks on the key inventor, including a Car Bombing and Death threats. As I have attempted to pursue my rights and report their crimes, they have further resorted to a litany of cover up crimes in the courts and at regulatory agencies and again they were caught violating law and public offices over the last nine years in efforts to stave off prosecution for their crimes. All of these offenses are subject to multiple ongoing State, Federal and International investigations and a Twelve 12 Twelve, 12 Trillion Dollar Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit.May 09, 2008 Federal RICO 12 Count 12 Trillion Dollar Lawsuit Amended Complaint @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080509%20FINAL%20AMENDED%20COMPLAINT%20AND%20RICO%20SIGNED%20COPY%20MED.pdf. The Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit has been marked legally RELATED to a Federal Whistleblower Lawsuit of a New York Supreme Court Staff Attorney, discussed herein in under the section Titled Discussion of Ongoing Lawsuits and Related Cases to Federal Whistleblower Lawsuit of Christine C. Anderson . Sony, Intel, Lockheed, IBM, Silicon Graphics and others are also complained of herein and all authorities this complaint is addressed too should investigate all those Defendants in my Amended Complaint exhibited herein, many for similar and identical crimes.Time Sensitive Urgency to this Complaint; POTENTIAL Catastrophic Effects to the Shareholders of Warner Bros et al.; Fraud could Trigger Rescissory Shareholder RightsTo further establish the urgency and Time Sensitive nature of this FORMAL COMPLAINT, please note that the criminal fraud and other crimes described herein will likely trigger Rescissory Rights of Shareholders at all of the respective and related companies of Warner Bros et al., which likely will have Catastrophic impact on both the companies and its Shareholders. Therefore, the SEC must instantly investigate these matters and instantly bring the matters to the attention of the Warner Bros et al. Shareholders, Auditors, Financial Institutions and all other parties with potential liabilities resulting from the allegations herein and whereby if the companies and their Executives fail to notify Shareholders and Regulators, the SEC must act quickly to notify them. The SEC must begin immediate investigation of the Securities Frauds described herein and prevent ongoing and future fraudulent corporate transactions from further harming Shareholders of Warner Bros et al. Further, I point out to the SEC herein what looks like a recent pattern of Shareholder Fraud and Deceit done with Scienter, beginning on or about March 2009, by Officers, Directors, Counsel and Auditors for Warner Bros et al., which are alleged to have been done in order to commit further fraud upon the Warner Bros et al. Shareholders. That these recent corporate restructurings may be the result of Key Executives of Warner Bros et al. attempting to abscond with corporate assets through a series of recent complex corporate breakups. The breakups began immediately after I contacted Warner Bros. in March 2009 with my business consultant Kevin Hall, Esq. (Hall), regarding massive unreported liabilities to their ShareholdersA similar alleged corporate restructuring through the Bankruptcy court was done by SGI several days after notice of liabilities almost identical to those described herein and is discussed in more detail in the section titled IVIEWIT SEC COMPLAINT FILED AGAINST INTEL, LOCKHEED MARTIN AND SGILiabilities resulting from Warner Bros et. als involvement in my Twelve Count Twelve Trillion Dollar Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit and additional liabilities resulting from the knowing infringement of my Intellectual Properties and for their failure to report these liabilities under FASB No.5 and other laws.This Formal Complaint for Investigation of Warner Bros et al. on this day, Friday, February 12, 2010comes after Hall and I made repeated Good Faith attempts since March 2009 to address the Business and Corporate Responsibility issues with Executives, Officers, Board Members and Auditors at the respective companies. Warner Bros et al. was contacted in order to find possible solutions to avoid catastrophic events from occurring to their Shareholders, if possible, prior to further actions with investigators, including the SEC. The following timeline of events will establish the correlations between the allegations of fraud described herein, in relation to the timing of the corporate restructurings of Warner Bros et al. Correlations in time with both the 2001 merger and now in the 2009 breakup with the frauds described herein, will provide the SEC a basis, mired in factual evidence, to begin immediate investigation of this complaint for massive securities fraud, in order to protect Shareholders from further possible related losses in these highly traded blue chip stocks.TIMELINE OF WARNER BROS ET AL. RELATIONSHIP WITH IVIEWIT The following Timelines are presented to give a factual timeline to the allegations herein, the exhibits are linked online and all Uniform Resource Locators (URL) and Exhibited Links throughout this document are hereby incorporated, in entirety by reference herein, including over 1000 evidentiary links on the homepage at www.iviewit.tv with exhibits that contain thousands of pages of factual evidence.All Agencies addressed herein, should print all exhibits referenced herein, as the Whistleblower case of Anderson points to Official Document Destruction and Tampering of Evidence.The timeline will also reveal facts regarding the relationships between many of the Defendants in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit and Warner Bros et al., including relations to the main perpetrator of the alleged crimes, the law firm Proskauer Rose. *Note Warner Bros et al. relevant mergers, acquisitions and breakups to these matters in the timeline below are in bold italics.1998-2002 Relevant Communications Between Iviewit and Warner Bros et al. 1998-2001 Inventions in Imaging and Video Discovered and Intellectual Property Filings begin in 1998. Proskauer Rose was retained Intellectual Property counsel for Iviewit for filing of Intellectual Properties. 2000-2002Warner Bros et al. signs multiple Iviewit Non Disclosure Agreements. Non-Disclosure Agreements @ Pages 1-5, 10, 61-62, 80, 108-109, 234 November 02, 2000 ~ Letter to GS regarding Warner Bros. Technological Calls to Iviewit Investors by Warner Bros. employees, describing the efficacy of the Inventions and the results of the review by Warner Bros., including the anticipated uses by Warner Bros et al.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20001101%20Goldman%20Friedstein%20Letter%20from%20Buchsbaum%20re%20AOLTW%20Colter%20meetings.pdf  January 11, 2001 ~ America Online and Time Warner Complete Merger to Create AOL Time WarnerAOL PRESS RELEASE COMPLETED MERGER WITH TIME WARNER February 08, 2001 ~ Letter from David J. Colter (Colter) ~ Vice President Technology - Technological Operations Warner Bros. to Founder of AOL, Ted Leonsis (Leonsis), regarding the efficacy of the Iviewit technologies.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20010208%20Colter%20to%20Leonsis%20Warner%20Bros%20AOL.pdf  February 15, 2001 EFFECTIVE DATE - Signed Warner Bros. License And Service Agreement @http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20010822%20-%20SIGNED%20Warner%20Bros%20Agreement%20AOL.pdf  August 15, 2001 Irell & Manella LLP Bills for Services for Warner Bros et al. and Sony Licensing Agreements @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Patents/Paul%20Allen/old%20patent/LEGAL/Irell%20&%20Manella/Bills/2001%2008%2029%20-%20Irell%20Bill.pdfo It is imperative for the SEC to note that after the Signed Licensing and Service Agreement, Iviewit opened a California Office inside a Warner Bros. building, in order to take over encoding operations for their online content, and more. Iviewit began billing according to the Licensing and Service agreement. Please note the language in the Licensing and Service agreement pertaining to the Proprietary nature and Confidentiality of the Iviewit inventions.Suddenly, after the agreements were signed and operations were underway, Wayne M. Smith ~ Vice President and Chief Patent Counsel at Warner Bros. began seeking a re-review of Proskauer Partner Kenneth Rubensteins (Rubenstein) prior patent opinions regarding the Iviewit inventions to Warner Bros. employees. Smith then claimed to Colter that he found problems while reviewing Rubensteins opinion with the patents on file at the US Patent Office. It should be noted here that the US Patent Office upon reviewing the patents found enough evidence of FRAUD UPON THE UNITED STATES PATENT & TRADEMARK OFFICE to OFFICIALLY SUSPEND THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTIES FILED BY PROSKAUER, FOLEY AND MELTZER, while INVESTIGATIONS of the LAWYERS involved is ONGOING, including Proskauer, Foley, Meltzer, Rubenstein and Joao, as further described and exhibited later herein.At this point, allegedly, a coordinated conspiratorial effort between Smith, Rubenstein and others began to derail the already signed Iviewit agreements with Warner Bros et al. Allegedly, former Acting CEO of Iviewit, P. Stephen Lamont, (a referral emanating from AOLs Leonsis) Smith and Rubenstein then worked to derail the Licensing and Service Agreement. Warner Bros. then further attempted to deny the existence of this BINDING CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION as further evidenced in letters exhibited herein, whereby the Signed and Binding agreement is wholly denied. The amount owed in service fees since the signing of the contracts would be an enormous amount over the almost 10 years of use and where Warner Bros et al. have never notified Iviewit they were cancelling such contract, it may still be considered effective. Yet, it would difficult to cancel what one tries to deny the existence of and perhaps the reason no cancellation was formally completed. o The emails forward from this point in the timeline begin to attempt to hide from the fact that Licensing and Service Agreements were already in place while also hiding these facts and liabilities from Shareholders and Auditors. The alleged fraud may again have catastrophic effect on these highly traded stocks, reaching back to this point in time and possibly further back. April 04, 2001 Letter from Colter to William J. Bill Raduchel (Raduchel) ~ Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President at AOL. AOLs Leonsis referred Raduchel to do further due diligence for an investment in the Iviewit companies, in addition to the Licensing and Encoding deal already signed.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20010404%20Colter%20to%20Raduchel%20Leonsis%20referral%20AOL%20Warner%20Bros.pdf  May 25, 2001 Letters to and from Douglas Chey (Chey), Senior Vice President of Technology for Sony Pictures Digital Entertainment and Divisional CIO, Motion Pictures and Television Productions of Sony Pictures Entertainment. Chey, formerly with Warner Bros. was working with Iviewit at Sony (also under Signed Agreements) together with Warner to do a Five Studio Movie Download Project, Movielink, where the Iviewit inventions were to be the backbone enabling technologies to make digital download and streaming possible as a commercial endeavor. Since that time, Warner Bros et al. and Sony have both done similar digital downloading projects, in violation of Signed Agreements with Iviewit. http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20010525%20Sony%20Doug%20Chey%20Endorsement%20of%20Tech%20and%20Advisory%20Board%20Option%20letter.pdf http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20100120%20Douglas%20Chey%20Sony%20Bio.pdf o The SEC should also begin FORMAL INVESTIGATION of Sonys involvement in these matters. Similar calls to those described herein to Warner Bros et al. for sound business discussions to attempt to alleviate shareholder liabilities have gone wholly ignored by Sonys In House Counsel, Executives and Auditors. I will be filing a more formal complaint shortly with the SEC but this should not delay immediate investigation by the SEC, in order to preclude Massive Liabilities to Shareholders of Sony. The SEC and all other investigators and committees addressed herein, can take this Formal Complaint additionally as a FORMAL COMPLAINT AGAINST SONY. December 20, 2001 ~ Lamont letter to Rubenstein regarding Smith and Rubenstein and the refusal of Rubenstein to RE-OPINE to Smith due to what he claims is a CONFLICT, which led further to the breakdown of relations between Iviewit and Warner Bros et al. Lamont later affirmed to Shareholders in a written communication that Microsoft had planted him in the Iviewit companies. Later Lamont changed that story to AOL and Leonsis niece had planted him in Iviewit through AOL Founder Leonsis best friend Chuck Brunelas (Brunelas). Brunelas recruited under contract Lamont to the Iviewit companies on behalf of Leonsis. Lamonts revelations of being a plant at the company, which came after he was hired, led to the termination of Lamont at that time. March 11, 2005 Lamont Termination Letter http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2005%2003%2011%20Lamont%20Employment%20Termination%20Letter%20SIGNED%20Lamont%20Copy.pdfDecember 20, 2001 Lamont Letters to Rubenstein ~ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20020611%20System%20and%20Method%20for%20Fraud%20on%20USPTO.pdf Pages 455-462November 09, 2001 ~ Brunelas Employment Agreement http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20011109%20Chuck%20Brunelas%20Agreement%20re%20Warner%20Bros%20AOLTW.pdf o Based on new information since that time, it is alleged that Rubenstein, Lamont, Leonsis and Smith operated together to sabotage Iviewit/Warner Bros et al. relations and others, purposefully to breach the prior signed licensing agreements and avoid paying the royalties owed to the Iviewit companies, using the old good guy / bad guy routine.o The SEC should note here that Hall and I recently reported Lamont to Federal and State authorities for alleged collusion in the RICO and ANTITRUST activities claimed in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit, including ongoing criminal activities. Also learned since that time, is that P. Stephen Lamont may have had prior fraudulent securities related problems at his former employer Digital Factory, not disclosed in his resume submitted by Brunelas.Further, Lamont continues to represent himself and Iviewit Shareholders as the Iviewit CEO, when he is fully aware of his termination from employment and that he has no authorization from the Board of Directors, Management or Shareholders to represent their security interests in Iviewit companies, this securities fraud also should be subject for investigation by the SEC. o Lamont claims to be CEO of Iviewit Technologies, Inc. in multiple correspondences and Federal court papers with an address at 175 King Street, Armonk, N.Y. 10504. To the best of my knowledge, no Iviewit office is authorized or incorporated at this address or in the state of New York. The office is directly across the street from Defendant in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit IBMs world headquarters.o Additional Evidence for the SEC regarding Lamont is contained in a June 18, 2009 Letter to New York Attorney General Chief of Staff, Steven M. Cohen regarding fraudulent activities of Lamont @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090618%20FINAL%20NYAG%20Steven%20Cohen%20Letter%20Re%20Lamont%20Signed.pdf o The SEC should note here that Lamonts initial resume submitted by Iviewit contracted employment recruiter, Brunelas, is materially different and contradicts what Lamont himself recently claims regarding his past on the Iviewit Homepage, in multiple court filings and other letters to Iviewit shareholders. Original 2001 Resume Submitted to Iviewit on P. Stephen Lamont by Brunelas @http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Lamont%20Resume%20Given%20to%20Iviewit%20by%20Chuck%20Brunelas%20AOL%20Warner%20Bros.pdf  2001 Resume Claims the following:Columbia University School of Law ~ J. D. in Commercial and Regulatory Law - May 1992Columbia University Graduate School of Business ~ M.B.A. in Finance and Accounting - May 1981State University of New York at Cortland ~ B.A. in Economics - June 1978 2009 Iviewit Homepage Statement written by P. Stephen Lamont claims:By way of introduction, I am P. Stephen Lamont, former Acting CEO of Iviewit (counsel advised all Iviewit executives to resign their posts and work along side Iviewit rather than within Iviewit, as the former Board of Directors, Counsel and Accountants, disbanded without requisite notice to Shareholders in violation of law, thereby leaving massive liability and exposure) and a significant shareholder in Iviewit. With more than a fifteen year track record as a multimedia technology and consumer electronics licensing executive and holder of a J.D. in Intellectual Property Law from Columbia University, an M.B.A in Finance, and a B.S. in Industrial Engineering Source www.iviewit.tv homepage.Whereby Lamonts legal and other degrees claimed are wholly different and therefore false in one or both of his background accounts as they are materially different, again causation for further investigation of Lamont by the SEC and other investigators this letter has been copied or addressed to.Further, you will note that Lamont refers to himself as former Acting CEO of Iviewit and claims counsel advised him to resign any official role due to the potential for charges of fraud, and I advised Lamont to follow counsels advice and personally, I did not accept any official roles on counsels advice. Yet, even in recent court documents and other illegally signed documents executed by Lamont to major Blue Chip companies, including Microsoft, Lamont now represents himself as CEO of Iviewit opposite of counsels advice, at an address that is not registered to any company Lamont claims to be employed as CEO by. August 05, 2009 Lamont Letter to Microsofthttp://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20090805%20Lamont%20Illegal%20Letter%20to%20Microsoft.pdf  Lamont further now claims such executive role in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit, claiming he is CEO of Iviewit, when no Board has ever put him in that position and when he is fully cognizant that he has no authority legally to represent Iviewit Shareholders. Lamont even attempts to represent Iviewit Shareholders and Companies currently in Federal Court, while not having ever passed the bar to practice law and therefore precluding him from representing others in court. Again, cause for further investigation of Lamont.February 09, 2009 Lamont Court Filing http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090209%20Lamont%20Attempt%20to%20Quash%20Bernstein%20Motion.pdf The SEC should note here that while the document claims service on February 09, 2008, it appears executed February 09, 2009. Whereby the SEC should also note that Lamont does not represent himself individually in the Lawsuit but instead only acts on behalf of Iviewit Shareholders, of which he has no authorization from Iviewit Shareholders or any Iviewit Board of Directors to act on their behalf. Finally, at the company Digital Factory that Lamont lists as one of his former employers, in his resume previously exhibited herein, one of the company employees later disclosed that Lamont had been in stock trouble for securities fraud with the board of that company, of course Lamonts resume failed to disclose this material fact. December 31, 2001  Letter from Brunelas to Greg B. Thagard (Thagard) ~ Vice President Advanced Technology Technical Operations at Warner Bros. The letter is regarding Thagards acceptance of an Iviewit Advisory Board Position. Later both Thagard and Colter would receive Iviewit Stock options for their Board roles with approval of Warner Bros. and Sony executives.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20011231%20Brunelas%20to%20Thagard%20Regarding%20Joining%20Iviewit%20Advisory%20Board.pdf  January 07, 2002 ~ Letters by Lamont regarding his meeting with Rubenstein regarding Warner Bros et al. Rubenstein presented the exhibited document in draft form at his deposition, read it at the deposition and then dodged questions regarding why his name is referenced in relation to opinions he gave to Warner Bros et al. after denying he knew anything about Iviewit or the patents. The letter wholly contradicts his prior denial of knowing of the Iviewit inventions or Eliot Bernstein, contradicting his sworn deposition statements and sworn letters to Judge Jorge Labarga, constituting multiple instances of perjury and more.January 07, 2002 Lamont letters to Rubenstein http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2003%2006%2003%20Iviewit%20Rebuttal%20to%20Wheeler%202nd%20Response_Final.pdfPages 19-23November 20, 2002 Rubenstein Deposition and Deposition Exhibitshttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Depositions%20BOOKMARKED%20SEARCHABLE%20with%20hyperlink%20comments.pdfPages 1-100, the exhibits attached to the deposition of Rubenstein show Rubensteins denials to the court of knowledge of Iviewit and even claiming he was being harassed, as he knew nothing, which in deposition his statements become clear as wholly perjurious. January 14, 2002 Warner Bros. employee Colters internal Warner Bros. document containing an Admission of Use of Iviewit Proprietary Processes and Violation of NON-DISCLOSURE agreements by many Warner Bros et al. employees. The letter also provides affirmation that Rubenstein (MPEGLA LLC Patent Counsel, former Iviewit Proskauer Rose Patent Counsel, Warner Bros. counsel and Iviewit Shareholder) opined favorably to Warner Bros. The document again directly refutes Rubensteins statements in deposition and written communications to the Labarga court that he did not opine or even know of the Iviewit inventions.http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2002%2001%2015%20AOLTW%20RUBENSTEIN%20OPINION%20comments.pdf  February 17, 2002  Eliot Bernstein letter to Brunelas regarding Smiths sudden request to have Rubenstein of Proskauer speak to him to re-opine on his former statements, already exhibited herein, regarding the efficacy and novelty of the patents. Rubenstein was acting Patent Counsel to Iviewit as indicated in the exhibited Wachovia Private Placement Memorandum that Proskauer billed to author and distribute to Iviewit potential investors. The links below provide information on Rubensteins position as an Iviewit Board member and Iviewit Patent Counsel despite his statements to the contrary. At the time Smith requested to speak with Rubenstein to restate his opinions, Iviewit already terminated Proskauer and Rubenstein and investigations were already underway regarding the patent thefts and more.February 17, 2002 Letter from Eliot Bernstein to Brunelas.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20020117%20Bernstein%20letter%20to%20Brunelas%20Regarding%20Smith%20response%20to%20Colter%20to%20talk%20with%20Rubenstein%20Poskauer.pdf January 2001 Wachovia Private Placement Memorandum, whereby the SEC should note here that Rubenstein is listed both as Iviewit Patent Counsel and an Iviewit Advisory Board member.http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Wachovia%20Private%20Placement%20Memorandum%20Bookmarked.pdf Page 4  Company has retained Foley & Lardner to shepherd its patent development and procurement. In addition, the Company has retained Kenneth Rubenstein of Proskauer Rose, LLP to oversee its entire patent portfolio - Mr. Rubenstein is the head of the MPEG-2 patent pool.Page 16 - Strong and Experienced Board of Directors and Advisory Board. iviewits Board of Directors and Advisors consist of several well-established individuals from the technology, entertainment, and financial community. Directors have extensive backgrounds with top-tier firms such as Goldman Sachs, Kidder Peabody, and McKinsey & Co. Crossbow Ventures has provided $3.0 million in funding and sits on the Board. Technology and entertainment guidance comes from a partner at Armstrong Hirsch Jackoway & Wertheimer and from Kenneth Rubenstein, the head of the MPEG-2 patent pool. Additionally on Page 16 - The Company has retained Foley & Lardner to shepherd its patent development and procurement. In addition, the Company has retained Kenneth Rubenstein of Proskauer Rose, LLP to oversee its entire patent portfolio. The Companys strategy is to establish market precedence through licensing of trade secrets and know-how.Page 38  ADVISORY BOARD SECTION Kenneth Rubenstein Partner, Proskauer Rose LLP. Mr. Rubenstein is a partner at Proskauer Rose LLP law firm and is the patent attorney for iviewit. He is a registered patent attorney before the US. Patent & Trademark Office. Mr. Rubenstein counsels his clients with respect to the validity and infringement of competitors patents, as well as prosecutes patent applications. For the past several years he has worked on the formation of a patent pool, for MPEG-2 technology, involving large consumer electronics and entertainment companies. He is also a former member of the legal staff at Bell Laboratories. Mr. Rubenstein received his law degree, cum laude, from New York Law School and his Ph.D. in physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he also graduated with a B.S. Degree.o The SEC should note here that Rubensteins attempt to claim he never heard of Iviewit, including at his deposition, allegedly is due to the massive conflicts of interest that Rubenstein had. If Rubenstein were patent counsel to Iviewit and simultaneously counsel to Warner Bros et al. when he originally opined to Colter, without conflict waivers or disclosure, this obviously would have violated attorney conduct codes and law. Additionally, a false statement in a Private Placement Memorandum violates securities laws.Additionally, Rubenstein is conflicted with Iviewit his client and the patent pooling scheme and artifice to fraud inventors he has created, MPEGLA LLC, where again he acted as counsel and founder of MPEGLA LLC while also patent counsel to Iviewit, no conflict waivers were gained to protect Iviewit. The conflict here is again obvious where the Iviewit technologies were the single greatest threat to his pools as Iviewit has the dominant technology, which without, the MPEG license would be worthless. The SEC should note that Rubenstein initially misrepresented himself and Joao as Proskauer Partners to Iviewit, when prior to learning of my inventions they were both with Meltzer. Rubenstein is counsel and sole patent evaluator for MPEGLA LLC now one of the largest infringers of the Iviewit technologies, licensing Warner Bros et al. and thousands of others. Proskauer, after learning of my technologies value, estimated at a trillion dollars to priceless by leading engineers at Real 3D, Inc. and without a patent department at the time in 1998, then rushed to acquire Rubenstein and his Meltzer patent group and control and monetization of the MPEGLA LLC pools. When the acquisition was complete, Proskauer, my former patent counsel, directly began inuring benefits from the stolen technologies via their new client MPEGLA LLC in their new Intellectual Property department created after learning of my inventions now headed by Rubenstein and other Meltzer partners. MPEGLA has now tied and bundled my inventions to their pools licensing schemes, converting the royalties from the technologies from Iviewit and through other anticompetitive tactics have kept Iviewit from market in classic RICO and ANTITRUST violations, including violations of Sherman and Clayton, as further defined in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit exhibited already herein.o The SEC should note here that Warner Bros et al. and many of those involved directly in these matters are also involved in DVD patent pooling schemes, including but not limited to, DVD6C Patent Pool. http://www.dvd6cla.com/offer_080904_New.html On behalf of the DVD6C Licensing Group (DVD6C), we are pleased to offer your company a portfolio license that covers essential patents for certain DVD formats and +R/+RW Disc formats. The members of DVD6C  Hitachi Ltd., Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd (Panasonic), Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., Sanyo Electric Co., Ltd., Sharp Corporation, Toshiba Corporation, Victor Company of Japan, Ltd. (JVC) and Warner Bros. Home Entertainment Inc.  collectively own hundreds of essential patents for these DVD formats and +R/+RW Disc formats.o Whereby, similar to MPEGLA LLCs illegal use of my technologies, DVD6C has similarly tied and bundled my technologies to their pools licenses, excluding me from royalties and then inuring royalties from others from my technologies directly from their membership position in the pool.o The SEC should note that the only Meltzer Intellectual Property attorney not to transfer to Proskauer at the time of acquisition was a one Raymond Joao, who initially with Rubenstein was represented as a Proskauer partner and who took initial patent disclosures with Rubenstein. In 1999-2000, based on early evidence surfacing, Joao allegedly was putting patents into his own name while sabotaging the Iviewit patents. Upon leaving Iviewit, Joao claimed publically that he had 90+ patents in his name and then went to work for Marc S. Dreier, recently prosecuted and convicted by the SEC for an alleged Ponzi scheme, as further evidenced and discussed later herein. February 08, 2002  Lamont letter to John D. Calkins (Calkins) ~ Senior Vice President New Media Business Development of Warner Bros., regarding stock issued to Warner Bros. employees Colter and Thagard for Advisory Board roles they accepted and also regarding their about face and breach of contracts.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20020208%20Lamont%20to%20Calkins%20Warner%20Bros%20Re%20Colter%20and%20Thagard%20Advisory%20Board%20Stock.pdf  February 20, 2002  Calkins Letter to Lamont denying IP infringement and contract violations in utter denial of the facts and evidence, including the Signed License and Service Agreement, Signed NDAs, letters from Warner Bros. employees citing violations of the NDAs and more, already presented herein. The SEC should note that opposite of Calkins claims in the letter that Iviewit is creating a false record; it is instead Calkins and Smith attempting to create a false and misleading record of fact in the letter opposite of the facts.http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20020220%20Calkins%20Letter%20to%20Lamont%20Warner%20Bros%20Wayne%20Smith.pdf  February 27, 2002  Lamont to Calkins about Warner Bros. Breach of Contracts, the SEC should note that while Lamont relies on the NDA, the February 15, 2001 SIGNED LICENSING AGREEMENT, illustrated above, also has strong language about IP rights concerning the Iviewit technologies that also are violated. Also, take note that at this time in 2002, Warner Bros et al. knew of the breaches and formally were notified by Iviewit at that time of such breaches, therefore they should have begun accounting for and disclosing the IP Liabilities at this time in their accounting reports, if not earlier according to FASB accounting rules.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20020227%20Lamont%20to%20Calkins%20Warner%20Bros%20Breach%20more.pdf  March 05, 2002  Smith letter to Lamont denying IP infringement and contract violations in utter denial of the facts and evidence, including the Signed License and Service Agreement, Signed NDAs, letters from Warner Bros. employees citing violations of the NDAs and more, already presented herein.http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20020305%20Wayne%20Smith%20Warner%20Bros%20Letter%20to%20Lamont%20Calkins.pdf  November 20, 2002 - April 15, 2002 Letter by Lamont to Rubenstein Regarding Conversations with Warner Bros et al. presented to Rubenstein at his November 20, 2002 Deposition as already discussed herein.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Kenneth%20Rubenstein%20Deposition%20with%20Exhibits%20CERT.pdf Pages 3-9o Please note that the correspondence exhibited above refers to a notification issued to Warner Bros. at that time, which provided Warner Bros et al. further notice at that time that Cease and Desist letters and threatened litigation would be forthcoming regarding the technology infringements. Warner Bros et al. already was given notice of Breach of Contracts regarding the Intellectual Properties in prior communiqus exhibited and these letters certainly cite specific liabilities Warner was aware of going forward.Liabilities exist for Warner Bros et al. for their involvement in the alleged criminal RICO and ANTITRUST activities initially discovered from information partially uncovered by Warner Bros et al. in 2001, as they were on the verge of investing $25 Million Dollars of capital to my companies. When doing their due diligence on a $12 Million Dollar Private Placement with Wachovia Securities, corporate and intellectual property frauds were uncovered, including discoveries by Smith regarding the Proskauer/Rubenstein/Joao filed patents and Calkins discovered initial evidence of corporate and bankruptcy frauds. At that time, Warner Bros et al. counsel, including Smith, employees and personnel became aware of frauds relating to both the patents filed with the US Patent Office and additional corporate fraud, additional information regarding similar corporate frauds was also being unearthed at that time in an audit being conducted by Arthur Andersen (Andersen) which will be discussed further herein. This information of what Smith and Calkins had discovered was relayed to Iviewit by Colter on behalf of both Smith and Calkins as rational for not going forward on the Private Placement investment. Colter relayed that Warner Bros et al. uncovered fraud, including fraudulent statements made by Proskauer Rose and Foley & Lardner, former Iviewit counsel, regarding statements made in the Wachovia Private Placement whereby the bankruptcy and lawsuits were not disclosed that were later discovered. The Private Placement Memorandum completed by, billed for and circulated to potential Iviewit investors, including Warner Bros et al., by Proskauer. The Fraudulent statements by counsel and others contained in the Wachovia Private Placement, distributed for capital investment is cause for further SEC investigations of these criminal and SEC violations. Further questions arise as to Wachovias actions once they too were aware of the Fraud. Per Colter, Warner Bros et al. and Smith uncovered Intellectual Property Frauds involving fraudulent oaths to the US Patent Office and Worldwide Patent Authorities, which has in part led to suspension of my Intellectual Properties by the US Patent Commissioner pending investigations by the US Patent Office and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. This series of events led to further uncovering Patent Fraud by my former counsel Proskauer, Foley and Meltzer and others that are subject to several state, federal and international ongoing investigations and legal actions. Investigations now include one by Harry I. Moatz (Moatz), Director of the United States Patent & Trademark Office  Office of Enrollment and Discipline (OED), charged with oversight of the Federal Patent Bar and patent attorney criminal issues. Moatz confirmed that W. Palm Beach FBI Special Agent, Stephen Lucchesi had joined his investigation of FRAUD ON THE UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE allegedly committed by attorneys registered with the Federal Patent Bar. Moatz also directed me to file claims of Fraud on the USPTO with the Commissioner of the US Patent Office that resulted in the exhibited herein patent suspensions. Moatz assembled a team of Patent Office Officials to aid me in getting the Intellectual Properties ready for suspension while investigations proceeded, as he removed all prior counsel from access to the IP. Amazingly, the patent office initial information which led to suspension proved that materially false information on the patents was not only given to the US Patent Office but that similar false information was given by Proskauer, Foley and Meltzer to Wachovia Securities for inclusion into the Private Placement Memorandum.Per Colter, Calkins had found fraud involving a fraudulent billing lawsuit against the Iviewit companies by counsel Proskauer. Prior to Calkins information Iviewit corporate officers, directors and management did not know about such lawsuit, except those now charged with the RICO and ANTITRUST crimes and therefore it was not disclosed by Proskauer or Iviewit Accountants to Wachovia Securities for their due diligence and therefore not reflected in the Private Placement, further false statements in a securities document. At the time, I retained independent counsel, Caroline Prochotska Rogers, Esquire to investigate the corporate and patent fraud allegations and it was confirmed that there was a bankruptcy filing and lawsuit that were not disclosed to Wachovia or Iviewits Board and Management that were not part of the conspiratorial efforts. It was later learned that the companies sued by Proskauer were companies fraudulently set up by former counsel Proskauer and had stolen Intellectual Properties in them, this was learned from information discovered directly from the US Patent Office OED Investigations. Whereby, Arthur Andersen on or about this time, while auditing the Iviewit companies for the largest investor Crossbow Ventures of West Palm Beach Florida, whose investment funds were two-thirds SBA SBIC funds, found identical and similarly named companies to the Iviewit companies. The Fraud involving the stolen Small Business Administration Funds is under ongoing investigation with the SBA Inspector Generals office, the SEC through actions involving the Boca Raton Police Department (Boca PD) to be discussed in detail herein and other investigators. Per Colter, Smith discovered Fraud involving Kenneth Rubenstein, a Proskauer Rose law firm partner and sole patent evaluator for one of the largest infringers and criminal suspects in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit and this was the supposed reason he want Rubenstein to re-opine. The SEC should note here that in addition to the US Patent Office OED investigation of Rubenstein, Rubenstein also is under investigation with other attorneys, including Joao, all ordered for investigation by unanimous consent of Five Justices of the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department. Investigations ordered for Conflicts of Interest and the Appearance of Impropriety when a Proskauer partner, Steven C. Krane, violated public office rules at the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department  Departmental Disciplinary Committee. Krane caught handling Iviewit/Proskauer complaints, in order to block the complaints against his partner Rubenstein and his firm Proskauer, concealing the massive conflict he had as an Officer of the First Department Disciplinary Committee and other conflicts from other ethical public office positions he maintains in New York, while remaining a Proskauer partner. After discovery of the alleged Intellectual Property fraudulent filings, Iviewit learned later that Smith, IP counsel for Warner Bros., was now working with Rubenstein who was Iviewits former IP counsel, MPEGLA counsel and Warner Bros. counsel. Whereby, upon Smiths request for Rubenstein to re-opine, Rubenstein claimed he was conflicted with Warner Bros. et al. and Iviewit and therefore could not opine, including even to reiterate his prior opinion, as already evidenced herein. Whereby Warner Bros. et al. then breached their contracts and began illegally using and licensing the technologies to others in violation of the Binding Signed Agreements. The DVD6C, MPEGLA LLC and other patent pooling schemes, where Warner Bros. and Proskauer are major participants, for example in the DVD6C pool which are managed and monetized by Warner Bros., Proskauer and Rubenstein. The pooling schemes are alleged to be merely artifices to STEAL INVENTIONS FROM INVENTORS in violation of multiple Antitrust laws and have illegally precluded me from market in classic RICO and ANTITRUST activities, including death threats and a car bomb.The Authoritative Blu-ray Disc (BD) FAQ: X. Copying Deterrents, Content Protection, and Intellectual Property by Hugh Bennett - August 28, 2006 EMediaLive @ http://www.emedialive.com/articles/readarticle.aspx?articleid=11760 On Oct. 20, 2009, One-Blue, LLC issued a call for patents with their essentiality to BD products sold in the United States to be evaluated by Proskauer, Rose LLP (an international law firm that performs similar determinations for MPEG LA, DVD6C and 4C). An initial meeting of essential patent holders is planned for Nov. 6, 2009 in Japan. However, it is far from clear how successful this effort will be with respect to its ultimate participants as well as the scope and terms of any possibly consensual programs.andSeeking to avoid the complexities of DVDs multi-agent system (DVD6C, 4C, 3C, 1C, etc.), MPEG LA began working in 2005 with BDs multiple stakeholders to establish itself a one-stop essential Blu-ray patent licensing authority. Those who participated in this effort included: CyberLink, Dell, Disney, Hewlett-Packard, Hitachi, Philips Electronics, LG Electronics, Mitsubishi, Panasonic, Pioneer, Samsung, Sanyo, Sharp, Sonic Solutions, Sony, TDK, Victor Company of Japan (JVC) and Warner Home Video.The Patent Pooling Schemes that Warner Bros. is directly involved in and inuring benefit from are also using the technologies in violation of Signed and Binding Contracts and Licensing Agreements, admittedly. Yet, since that time Warner Bros. have also excluded Iviewit from market tying and bundling the technologies in their licensing schemes, again in classic RICO and ANTITRUST activities and not only failed to pay Iviewit royalties but have failed to account for the 10 years of knowing infringement and the Massive Liabilities to Shareholders that mounts daily.2009-2010 Recent Communications with Warner Bros et al.The SEC should note that while there is a long gap in time between the prior Iviewit and Warner Bros et al. communications and contracts, that during the gap I was nevertheless actively pursuing my rights contrary to Smiths claim that nothing has been done. Factually, I have given similar information to several state, federal and international investigators, House and Senate Judiciary Committees, the New York Senate Judiciary Committee, many state and federal courts and more over the last several years. During the gap in time, I was also forced to flee my home several times for my familys safety, including from death threats from Mr. Brian Utley on behalf of the law firms Proskauer Rose and Foley & Lardner and then from actual Attempted Murder of my family. Attempted Murder through a Car Bombing of my family minivan in Del Ray Beach, FL., images of the Car Bombing can be found on the www.iviewit.tv homepage.So Powerful it Blew Up Three Cars Next to It, Wheres the Hood?That is where the kids would have beenMarch 17, 2009 ~ Hall and I left a message for John Rogovin (Rogovin) ~ Executive Vice President and General Counsel @ Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. with his assistant Ginger Tipton (Tipton) to arrange a business meeting to discuss the lawsuit liabilities, patent infringement liabilities, FASB NO. 5 accounting liabilities and regulatory issues that would likely result in Massive Shareholder Liabilities if not quelled, if possible. April 23, 2009 ~ Hall and I left a second message for Rogovin with assistant Tipton, as the March 17, 2009 call was not returned although Tipton was aware that urgent time frames were involved. April 28, 2009 ~ Hall and I spoke to Rogovins office that referred us to Smith. The referral to Smith coming despite his conflicts resulting from his previous involvement in the alleged fraud, the fact that he is a central witness in the matters and the fact that as a lawyer he has multiple legal conflicts of interest, as well as, corporate conflicts in handling the matters he is central too. Yet, these conflicts would not matter unless Smith directly handled the matters, which he then did.  April 30, 2009 ~ Bernstein spoke to Smiths assistant Yolanda who claimed that Smith was now tied up in litigation for two weeks and that he would get back with an answer shortly. This delay was despite pressing the need with Yolanda for urgent action on Smiths part due to the MASSIVE Shareholder liabilities and the need for a twenty-four hour response. May 28, 2009 ~ Time Warner Inc. Announces Plan to Separate AOLhttp://bx.businessweek.com/america-online/view?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thedeal.com%2Fcorporatedealmaker%2F2009%2F05%2Ftime_warner_aol_timeline.php o The SEC should note the timing of this announcement with the delays in response by Warner Bros et al.s Smith to the Iviewit notice of IP infringement liabilities and their involvement in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit.o The SEC should instantly ascertain if Warner Bros et al. notified Shareholders and Auditors during these corporate restructurings of the impending and absolute liabilities, to determine if Shareholders were formally noticed of the massive Twelve Count Twelve Trillion Dollar Lawsuit liability and additional patent infringement liabilities. Further, the SEC must determine if full disclosure by Counsel was concealed, including but not limited to, Smith and Rogovin. Finally, the question further arises of if the liabilities were properly accounted for in the Audited Financials for the separation transactions, where it does not appear to have been. Obviously, if these material facts regarding massive liabilities were omitted from financial reporting, Shareholders would have Rescissory Rights from the securities fraud by the Officers. As evidenced in the following series of communications, not only is counsel notified and fails to disclose the liabilities but Officers, Directors and Auditors of the companies when contacted regarding the liabilities, all fail to handle the issues as fiducially required by law.  October 07, 2009 ~ Eliot Bernstein letter to Smith regarding setting up meeting to discuss matters that could have Catastrophic effect on the Shareholders. Smith already advised by Tipton, per confirmation with Tipton, of the Time Sensitive Nature and the seriousness of the liabilities in relation to their Shareholders. http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20091007%20Eliot%20Bernstein%20letter%20to%20Wayne%20Smith%20re%20Warner%20Bros%20AOL%20meeting%20request.pdf November 23, 2009 ~ Hall spoke directly with Smith, who claimed to Hall that he was not the best person to handle the matters but that he instead was assembling a team from Warner Bros et al. to discuss the matters and would get back to Hall. Yet, instead of putting a team together, Smith continued handling the matters despite the multiple conflicts. November 30, 2009 ~ Hall sent a letter to Smith reviewing their call @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20091201%20Wayne%20Smith%20Fax%20Email%20Demand%20Receipt%20of%20Kevin%20Hall%20Confirmation%20Letter.pdf  December 02, 2009 ~ Smith response to Hall request for meeting @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20091202%20Wayne%20Smith%20Response%20Warner%20Bros%20to%20Iviewit%20letter%2012-2-09.pdf o It should be noted by the SEC here, that the above linked exhibit has two attachments from February and March 2002. Whereby, despite the previously exhibited evidence herein, including but not limited to, Signed NDAs, Admission of Use and Violation of NDAs by a Warner Bros. employee and a SIGNED LICENSING AGREEMENT, the letter and the attached letters all attempt to deny these material incontestable facts, facts omitted in annual reports as well. December 09, 2009 ~ AOL Time Warner completes split.http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/low/business/8403302.stm  December 18, 2009 ~ Hall and Bernstein response to December 02, 2009 Warner Bros. letter @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20091218%20FINAL%20Wayne%20Smith%20Warner%20Bros%20Demand%20Letter36889%20SIGNED%20KRHEIB%20fax.pdf http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20091218%20FINAL%20Wayne%20Smith%20Warner%20Bros%20Demand%20Letter%20Cover%20Email.pdf  December 23, 2009 ~ Warner Bros. Letter from Smith to Iviewit and Bernstein. http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20091223%20Warner%20Bros%20Wayne%20Smith%20to%20Bernstein%20Response.pdf o Note that in this letter Smith claims that,Your time-barred claims hinge almost entirely on an internal email written by David Colter on January 15, 2002 - an email he subsequently disavowed and admitted that he had written (and improperly provided you with a copy) only as a personal favor to you. This statement attempts to deny that liability claims were based on Multiple Signed NDAs, Admission of Use by Warner Employees, Admission of Violation of NDAs by Warner Bros. employees, a SIGNED LICENSING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT, correspondences and notices of an ongoing Federal Lawsuit, etc. The SEC should not that in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit both Smith and Calkins are central witnesses and actors directly involved, again conflicting Smiths involvement in the matter. Note that Smith is a licensed and practicing attorney and therefore has additional conflicts of interest and ethical violations under the Attorney Conduct Code, in addition to the Corporate Conflicts of Interest in handling the matters, again where he is directly involved in the alleged crimes described herein. December 29, 2009 ~ Hall and I, unclear if Smith had notified Senior Executives and Auditors or concealed the matters in an attempt to bury them despite our letters demand for him to copy all companies Executives, Board, Counsel and Auditors, contacted Warner Bros et al. Officers, Directors and Auditors directly. The first AOL Inc. spokesperson, returning our call to determine if Smith had contacted them was a one Jerry McKinley (McKinley) ~ Sr. Liaison of Executive Escalation at AOL Inc. calling to follow up on earlier messages to Tim Armstrong (Armstrong) ~ Chairman and CEO of AOL Inc. and others. A follow up letter to our call with McKinley can be found @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20091231%20Jerry%20McKinley%20AOL%20Inc%20letter%20Re%20Wayne%20Smith%20Warner%20Bros%20response.pdf o McKinley was then given critical documents expressing the urgent nature of these matters and McKinley was to get back to Hall and me instantly with confirmation that the named Executives, Officers and Auditors from the companies had received the URGENT TIME SENSITIVE documents regarding the liabilities. McKinley then took a vacation the next day and was unavailable to answer calls despite knowing that the documents had a 24-hour period before we would be notifying the SEC and others of the liabilities, if resolution could not be achieved through sound business discussions and practices.  December 29, 2009 ~ Hall and Bernstein calls to Time Warner Inc. and Warner Bros. executives.o Further, I hereby complain that such recent elusive conduct involves the CEO, CFO and General Counsel at Time Warner, Inc., even hiding and dodging professional phone calls, in fact wholly ignoring them, simply to confirm messages and communications were received and seeking responsibly to address the mass of liabilities described herein. Instead, quite shockingly, both Hall and I were intentionally passed along to extensions whereby the employees refused to give their names and several times just hung up on us. Then, unidentified employees transferred us to Security personnel, personnel who would claim to be proper members of the company to receive and deliver messages to the Senior Executives regarding the massive potential Shareholder liabilities, yet they too would offer no confirmation of the delivery of the matters to the Executives and several refused to give their proper names or oversight. o Security for Time Warner instead then took messages with a promise only to deliver the message and since there has been absolutely no call back from Senior Management, Counsel, Outside Counsel or an Auditor since those calls, we presume that avoidance equals concealment. This stands as additional cause for the SEC to investigate and find out more information regarding the failure to return these calls and address liabilities properly by either Officers, Directors, Auditors, Outside Counsel, etc. and further determine if they have reported the liabilities their offices have been notified about to Auditors and Shareholders. January 06, 2010 ~ Phone conversation with Dayo Most amazingly, Wednesday Jan. 6, 2010, I had a Direct Phone conversation with Christopher Day (Day) who claimed to be an Assistant General Counsel at AOL, Inc. The call also involved my business consultant Kevin Hall, Esq. Mr. Day was calling back after Hall and I left urgent voicemails for AOL CEO & COB Armstrong, after McKinley failed to return calls as promised. Mr. Day apparently is also Licensing and Patent counsel for AOL Inc., yet it was unclear on whose behalf Day was acting, as we had left messages for several key officers, including Armstrong and General Counsel Ira Parker (Parker) and Day refused to tell us.o Day also refused to tell us not only who sent him the information and gave him orders to call us back but also refused to disclose what documentation he was mysteriously and anonymously sent and referring to, making it impossible to even confirm the documents he referenced receiving.o This was most bizarre conduct from an alleged Assistant General Counsel who refused to describe how, who or why the documents and business matters came to him. Yet, it appeared that Day was returning my calls to CEO Armstrong at AOL and stated that he was a direct report to the key management persons we were attempting to reach and assuming liability for the matters. o Efforts to avoid the liabilities involve actual dodging and hiding by Senior Executives, Officers and Directors from these matters, including but not limited to, the brand new CEO Armstrong and General Counsel at AOL Inc., Parker. Upon leaving messages for Ira Parker, his assistant returned the call and stated that Parker was on vacation, could not be disturbed despite the PRIORITY situation and would return the call upon his return. As of this date, I have received no call back from Parker; perhaps he is on extended vacation. January 07, 2010 ~ Letter out to AOL Management Regarding Evasive Tactics of Management from Shareholder Liabilities. o Sent to: Tim Armstrong ~ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer @ AOL Inc. ( tim.armstrong@corp.aol.com ); Artie Minson ~ Chief Financial Officer @ AOL Inc. ( arthur.minson@corp.aol.com ); Jerry McKinley @ AOL Inc. ( mackinleyj@aol.com ); Ira Parker ~ General Counsel and Executive Vice President, Corporate Development @ AOL Inc ( ira.parker@corp.aol.com ); Christopher Day ~ Assistant General Counsel - Patent Litigation, Prosecution, and Licensing @ AOL Inc ( christopherday@corp.aol.com ) January 07, 2010 Letter to CEO, Armstrong at AOL Inc. @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20100110%20Kevin%20Hall%20Letter%20sent%20to%20Tim%20Armstrong%20AOL%20re%20Christopher%20Day%20calls%20to%20eib.pdf  January 08, 2010 ~ Additional Offer made to AOL Inc. CEO Armstrong thru Assistant General Counsel Christopher Day and Summarizing Notes of Jan. 6, 2010 conversation @ January 08, 2010 Letter of Hall to Bernstein copied to Tim Armstrong, CEO at AOL Inc. and others. http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20100108%20Letter%20to%20Tim%20Armstrong%20AOL%20Warner%20Bros.pdf  January 2010 ~ Calls were again placed to CEO Armstrong and Day by Iviewit and Eliot Bernsteins Counsel, Marc R. Garber, Esq. (Garber) of Flaster Greenberg PC (Flaster), Kevin Hall, Esq. and Eliot Bernstein. Counsel Garber left the messages with his personal and business phone numbers for AOL Counsel, Officers, Directors or Auditors to return his call. Again, not even a return call from AOL to Iviewit Counsel Garber, whereby the failure of Warner Bros. et al. to return calls to our Counsel should send additional red flags to the SEC. This failure to return calls to Counsel Garber by Warner Bros. et al. counsel and executives regarding matters as serious as this to Shareholders is unheard of, indicating further cause for the SEC to investigate all named parties herein and in the attached Exhibit 1. Investigations by the SEC should include all personal and corporate stock transactions from1999 to Present for all of these executives, including the recent corporate splits.o Counsel Garber of Flaster left messages with both Armstrong and Day, giving them both a chance to return the calls, as it was already established that Armstrong had direct actual and constructive receipt of correspondences via email and therefore direct knowledge of the impending liabilities to AOL, Inc. The calls to contact Counsel Garber were not returned as of this date, leading to the filing of this Formal Complaint against Warner Bros et al. The failure of Warner Bros et al. to resolve the issues through sound business discussions and licensing of the technologies with the true and proper inventors, and in fact, instead exhibiting a continued pattern attempting to conceal the liabilities from Shareholders and others with potential liabilities, through establishing materially false record of fact, while transacting volumes of individual and corporate securities, prompted this action to the SEC and others addressed herein.The timeline and supplementary evidence herein should establish for the SEC and others addressed herein that Smiths recent claim in his December 23, 2009 communication, already exhibited herein, claiming, Your time-barred claims hinge almost entirely on an internal email written by David Colter on January 15, 2002 - an email he subsequently disavowed and admitted that he had written (and improperly provided you with a copy) only as a personal favor to you is both False and Misleading. False and Misleading in light of the substantial evidence refuting this claim presented and exhibited herein regarding the Binding Contractual relations between Warner Bros et al. and Iviewit. Smiths statements attempt to dismiss the liabilities as based on a single letter from a Warner Bros. employee and that the claims are somehow time barred. The SEC and other investigators addressed herein however are presented with a far more complete and truthful picture of the long and contractual relationship between Iviewit and Warner Bros et al. A relationship based on thousands of pages of documented evidence and legal binding contracts, many with Smith center stage. The need to deny the extensively documented and binding contractual relationship that Smith is aware of obviously is an effort to cover up why he and Warner Bros et al. have failed properly to report to Shareholders, Regulators and Auditors these material facts. Facts that will likely result in Catastrophic Liabilities triggering Rescissory Rights of Shareholders due to fraud, concealment, securities fraud and other violations of law.The SEC should also note that there are no time-barred claims on patent infringement, especially where the patents remain suspended by the US Patent Office and that the matter of time for Iviewit to file actions for infringement will remain open for Twenty years from the time the patents issue and from time of filing in 1998-2001. FASB No. 5 Accounting Issues regarding the reporting of litigation liabilities and Intellectual Property infringement liabilitiesOur intent in reaching out to Warner Bros et al. starting in March 2009, prior to filing this Formal Complaint, in conjunction and addition to other Federal complaints and actions, was to find out if Liabilities to Warner Bros. et al. Shareholders could be eliminated with sound business and licensing practices with the true and proper inventors of the technologies. Also, contact was made due to the fact that Warner Bros. and certain employees of Warner Bros. initially did the right thing and licensed the technologies and signed confidentialities, licensing agreements, etc. and we were offering them an opportunity to explain the about face in 2002 and breaches of those binding contracts, to determine if remedy could be made. Knowingly infringing on backbone technologies and being involved in Ongoing Litigation would require proper accounting for the Liabilities on financial reports to Shareholders, Auditors, Outside Counsel and Regulators under Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) rules and securities law, including but not limited to the following FASB rules,FASBFor the purpose of this Statement, a contingency is defined as an existing condition, situation, or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible gain (hereinafter a gain contingency) or loss (hereinafter a loss contingency) to an enterprise that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Resolution of the uncertainty may confirm the acquisition of an asset or the reduction of a liability or the loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability.4. Examples of loss contingencies include:e. Pending or threatened litigation.f. Actual or possible claims and assessments.Litigation, Claims, and AssessmentsThe following factors, among others, must be considered in determining whether accrual and/or disclosure is required with respect to pending or threatened litigation and actual or possible claims and assessments:a. The period in which the underlying cause (i.e., the cause for action) of the pending or threatened litigation or of the actual or possible claim or assessment occurred.b. The degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome.c. The ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss.Please take note of the following FASB language regarding Intellectual Property infringement:By way of further example, an enterprise may believe there is a possibility that it has infringed on another enterprises patent rights, but the enterprise owning the patent rights has not indicated an intention to take any action and has not even indicated an awareness of the possible infringement. In that case, a judgment must first be made as to whether the assertion of a claim is probable. If the judgment is that assertion is not probable, no accrual or disclosure would be required. On the other hand, if the judgment is that assertion is probable, then a second judgment must be made as to the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome. If an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, accrual of a loss is required by paragraph 8. If an unfavorable outcome is probable but the amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated, accrual would not be appropriate, but disclosure would be required by paragraph 10. If an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible but not probable, disclosure would be required by paragraph 10.I respectfully direct your focused attention to the following statement, In that case, a judgment must first be made as to whether the assertion of the claim is probable and where in this case, both the liabilities incurred by ongoing and future litigations and intellectual property infringement liabilities, are far more than probable and indeed actual. The Intellectual Properties, currently suspended by the Commissioner of the US Patent Office, at the center of these matters are pending completion of ongoing investigations of the attorneys involved in the alleged Intellectual Property Crimes by the US Patent Office OED Director and FBI, including charges of Fraud on the US Patent Office by the attorneys. February 14, 2005 United States Patent Office Suspension Granted Exhibited @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/USPTO%20Suspension%20Notices.pdfThe fact that investigations remain ongoing and new information is learned daily regarding the RICO and ANTITRUST activities, contribute to the delay in getting back to Warner Bros et al. since 2002 to further our rights, as noted by Smith. The delay Smith notes, while proving nothing, was due in part to the length of time that these complex investigations take, yet Smith being an Intellectual Property lawyer can anticipate and has been notified that a stream of additional lawsuits will be forthcoming against Warner Bros et al. and for the Twenty-Year life of the Intellectual Properties. An Injunction on use of the technologies would also have catastrophic effects on Warner Bros et al. and the Shareholders and could shut down their entire Online Video Streaming and Downloading and reduce their Television cable channels throughput by 75% or more to their consumers. Injunction would result in likely payment of almost a decade of royalties owed; not only for the illegal usage but also for royalties they may have received from other parties they licensed the technologies too. Schemes including Patent Pooling Schemes where the technologies are illegally tied and bundled to licensing schemes that Warner Bros. et al. inure royalties from. Warner Bros. et al. has violated signed licensing agreements and other binding agreements, admittedly, and therefore Injunction or Licensing the technologies is again far more than probable and would have to be accounted for by Auditors, Regulators and Outside counsel and reported to Shareholders.Ongoing litigation over the criminal acts again is not probable but actual and this too should have been recorded in the financial statements and fully disclosed by Auditors, Officers, Directors and Counsel to Shareholders and others with liabilities. Warner Bros et al. has been formally noticed of the IP infringement and the actual ongoing and threatened future criminal litigations stemming from the alleged RICO and ANTITRUST civil and criminal crimes and yet chose to conceal this information and attempt to deny the factual evidence and their direct involvement. Therefore, formal notice of the matters additionally was sent to Warner Bros et al.s accountancy firm, Ernst & Young, to the attention of James Turley (Turley) ~ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ernst & Young Global Limited (EYG). Turley formally noticed of the Iviewit SEC Intel Complaint liabilities as auditor for Intel when that SEC complaint was filed. Yet, Ernst & Young also has conflict with the Iviewit companies and these matters, which perhaps is clouding their better judgment in disclosing and reporting these matters to the proper Authorities and Warner Bros. et al. Shareholders, as Ernst and Young were accountants for the Iviewit companies at the time the initial crimes were discovered by Iviewit. Crimes discovered in part, due to information regarding fraud provided by Warner Bros et al.s Smith, Calkins and Colter. Further, Ernst & Young allegedly concealed these matters from the Shareholders of these highly traded Public Companies they audit. In fact, Ernst & Youngs involvement in the Iviewit matters dates back to approximately the same time Warner Bros. et al. discovered fraud, and were hired by Iviewit to replace Arthur Andersen (Andersen), in an audit of Iviewit. An audit for Iviewits largest investor, Crossbow Ventures of West Palm Beach whose investment funds were two-thirds SBA SBIC funds. During the audit Andersen discovered alleged corporate crimes, involving identically named Iviewit companies with different books and more. Andersen began demanding answers regarding the corporate structure from Iviewits internal accountant, accounting firm and Proskauer, who gave false and misleading information regarding the corporate structure and assets of the company. After Andersen discovered evidence of fraudulent corporations and fraudulent technology transfers, including information regarding possible illegal technology transfers by former Proskauer and Proskauer referred management, to Enron Broadband, they FIRED Iviewit and quit the audit, accusing Iviewits in-house accountant of misleading auditors. September 20, 2000 Iviewit Letter Regarding Erika Lewin of the accounting firm Goldstein Lewin & Co. misleading Andersen auditors @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2000%2009%2020%20Hersh%20to%20Arthur%20Andersen%20Erika%20Lewin%20miffed%20letter.pdf andOctober 09, 2000 Iviewit Letter to Arthur Andersen @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2000%2010%2009%20ARTHUR%20ANDERSEN%20LETTER%20REGARDING%20PROOF%20OF%20HOLDINGS%20OWNING%20TECH.pdf andNovember 27, 2000 Arthur Andersen terminating Iviewit as a client in the middle of an audit for Investor Crossbow Ventures of whose money was two thirds SBA SBIC Loans @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2000%2011%2027%20ARTHUR%20ANDERSEN%20FILES%20TERMINATION%20LETTER.pdf andOther Relevant Andersen evidence @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/ARTHUR%20ANDERSEN%20FILES.pdfThe SEC should note that the Enron Broadband division was perhaps the leading cause behind the Enron bankruptcy and the resulting document destruction by Andersen, which then led to the dissolution of Andersen. In fact, Enron Broadband was also part of a short-lived deal to distribute Internet movies with Blockbuster Video, which fell apart at approximately the same time Andersen and Warner Bros et al. employees discovered fraud, accounting irregularities, fraudulent bankruptcies of illegally set up Iviewit companies and illegal technology transfers through these schemes. Also, take note that Iviewits seed investor was Wayne Huizenga who was the Founder of Blockbuster.The recent 2009-2010 business calls to Warner Bros et al. could have possibly eliminated civil lawsuit issues in my ongoing Federal RICO Lawsuit, giving Warner Bros. et al. potential remedies to eliminate the need to have a forensic audit to account for liabilities fraudulently concealed. May 09, 2008 Federal RICO 12 Count 12 Trillion Dollar Lawsuit Amended Complaint @ An audit that would have to date back almost a decade to determine the liabilities and then report them properly under FASB and other accounting rules and laws, readjusting the books to reflect the liabilities and accounting for the changes to Shareholders, Lenders, etc. One question for the SEC to investigate arises from how long the Warner Bros et al. companies have not reported the liabilities to Shareholders, Lenders, Auditors and Regulators knowingly. The liabilities from the infringement of the technologies required reporting since the signing of Licensing Agreements and signing of multiple NDAs. The financial reporting of my Federal RICO lawsuit and other earlier legal actions as liabilities, required reporting since Warner Bros et al. were notified of various legal actions from 2001-Present. Warner Bros et al. and certain of their employees are also central witnesses and defendants, regarding many of the allegations of fraud and more, allegations that include Fraud on the United States Patent & Trademark Offices, which has led to suspension of my Intellectual Properties pending ongoing Federal investigations and more, already evidenced herein. The apparent lack of reporting the lawsuit liability of a Trillion Dollar plus Federal RICO Lawsuit, marked legally related to a Whistleblower Lawsuit by Federal Judge Shira Scheindlin, may have further catastrophic effect on the Warner Bros et al. Shareholders. Where fraud is a major element of my RICO lawsuit, this could trigger Rescissory Shareholder Rights and cause a run on these blue chip companies by investors who remain unaware of the alleged fraudulent accounting and other allegations of criminal activities concealed from them. With my Intellectual Properties at the heart of these matters SUSPENDED by the US Patent Office, future litigation and lawsuits will continue over the twenty-year life of the IP or more and require reporting of liabilities throughout this time or until licensing arrangements are reached with the true and proper inventors. The resulting liabilities of the current and foreseen litigations must now be properly audited and disclosed for all financial reports, including but not limited to reports for, lines of credits with banks, annual reports, audited financial statements, liability insurance and bonding and regulatory agencies. With the entire companies at stake and an opportunity to possibly to remedy the liabilities, avoidance of the recent calls, including calls from Counsel Garber of Flaster, coupled with attempts again to deny material facts to avoid disclosure, imparts knowing concealment and fraud upon Shareholders, perhaps in collusion with their auditor EYG. The concealment of these liabilities may be the actual reason for the recent breakup of the Warner Bros et al. companies, corporate restructuring while concealing the liabilities from Shareholders, Auditors and Regulators, all actions in violation of a plethora of SEC and other Criminal Codes.All of this recent and past bizarre conduct is absolute cause for immediate investigation for alleged fraud, diversion/conversion of assets and other possible criminal securities transactions and violations of law, as the respective Warner Bros et al. Officers, Directors and Counsel continue to conceal, dodge and obfuscate the Massive Trillion Dollar legal liabilities. All this coming on the heels of the BREAKUP between the respective companies, apparently, after I began notifying them again in March of 2009 of the massive actual lawsuit liabilities and pending infringement liabilities, as illustrated in the timeline and evidence cited herein. New Evidence and Important Information for Ongoing SEC Investigations of; Allen Stanford, Bernard L. Madoff, Proskauer Rose, Marc S. Dreier, Galleon, Enron Broadband, Enron, Arthur Andersen and their direct RELEVANCY to this ComplaintI am requesting that the ongoing SEC investigations of Allen Stanford, Bernard L. Madoff, Proskauer Rose, Marc S. Dreier, Galleon, Enron Broadband, Enron and Arthur Andersen all be revisited in light of the information contained herein which may prove central to those investigations. Whereby converted royalties from the stolen technologies may have been funneled through these Ponzi and other securities trading schemes, especially where Defendants in my Lawsuit are found directly involved in the schemes. The SEC should therefore freeze all asset transactions and sales of stock in all of the following Ponzi schemes and other artifices to fraud Shareholders and Investors in these frauds. The actual court cases may be further efforts by these all too clever law firms operating as a Criminal Enterprise to shuffle the stolen and converted Iviewit royalties (estimated in the hundreds of billions already) and other victims funds, as the house of cards caves in. The Defendants in my RICO are mainly lawyers, judges, courts, state bar agencies and regulatory agencies and therefore the legal actions the SEC has filed may be attempts to use the courts to achieve further fraud, through additional frauds on the courts. Many of the following Schemes directly involve Defendants in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit. The SEC should note Proskauers involvement in these Schemes and ongoing SEC investigations. Proskauers involvement is pointed out in each scheme they have been found to have direct involvement in and where Proskauer is the main Defendant in my Lawsuit. Additionally, the FBI should take special note of Proskauers direct and culpable involvement in the Sir Robert Allen Stanford Ponzi (Stanford), as Stanford tentacles into International Criminal Cartels, also deserving formal investigation by not only the SEC but also by the FBI and all other authorities addressed herein. Has Proskauer Rose reported these liabilities from their involvement in these schemes to their liability carriers, including their involvement in SEC, FBI and Civil Actions? Civil actions, including a Global Class Action Lawsuit for the entire Stanford debacle by injured investors. Finally, from the SEC filings it is unclear if Proskauer Rose was included in the court ordered freeze and injunction on assets and documents issued by the court in the SEC Stanford Lawsuit. The order blankets lawyers and law firms, and from news reports, Proskauer has been identified with Proskauer Partner Thomas Sjoblom (Sjoblom) as constituting one of the law firms listed but not named directly in the SEC filings. Perhaps the SEC can further clarify with that court if the order applies to Proskauer directly and in either event, Proskauer should be reporting these liabilities properly to all those they have exposed to risks, including all insurance carriers and banks. News reports confirm that the FBI is already conducting investigations into Stanford but both the SEC and FBI should pay particular attention as to how that crime may also relate to the stolen technologies described herein also known as Patentgate. The Ponzi Schemes and subsequent court cases may be a further vehicle for the Criminal Enterprise, composed mainly of Law Firms, to launder illegally converted royalties from the thefts of my Intellectual Properties and other illegal legal schemes. Schemes perpetrated under the cover of Law Firms who are involved in the Ponzi and other Schemes court cases, acting in Conflicts of Interest as further defined herein, through frauds on the civil, criminal and bankruptcy courts and perhaps in collusion with the courts, in order further to launder the stolen monies. The following information represents where correlations to these Schemes have involved Defendants named in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit, including but not limited to, all of the following Ponzi Schemes under investigation by the SEC and others.Sir Robert Allen Stanford ~ SEC Ongoing Investigation, Indictment and FBI InvestigationThe SEC Indictment, the FBI and SEC Investigations of Sir Robert Allen Stanford involve the main Defendant in my RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit Proskauer and Partner Sjoblom. Sjoblom has since resigned from Proskauer, directly implicated in criminal activities in the Stanford investigation by the SEC and Stanford Employees. Proskauer was acting as counsel for Stanford and Proskauer and Sjoblom allegedly aided and abetted Stanford employees in lying to FEDERAL AGENTS investigating the Ponzi in a meeting in a Miami Airport Hanger. Sjoblom was an SEC Enforcement Official Prior to Joining Proskauer.The SEC should also note that Christopher Clark Wheeler of Proskauer has taken early retirement from Proskauer Rose after ALMOST twenty years. See February 04, 2010 Press Release from the GEO group @http://www.docstoc.com/docs/24373589/The-GEO-Group-Announces-the-Appointment-of-Christopher-C-Wheeler-to-Its-Board-of-DirectorsA Global Class Action lawsuit was filed against Proskauer for the entire damages resulting from the Stanford Ponzi. August 31, 2009 Proskauer Targeted in Class Action Over Handling of Stanford Financial by Leigh Jones @ The National Law Journalhttp://www.law.com/jsp/article.jsp?id=1202433436276&rss=newswire  List containing filed legal actions in the Stanford Ponzi, which includes legal actions against Proskauer by Injured Investors and Stanford Employees.LIST OF STANFORD ACTIONS August 27, 2009 Proskauer Rose, LLP; Thomas V. Sjoblum [spelling incorrect Sjoblom]/ Samuel Troice; Horacio Mendez; Annalisa Mendez; Punga Punga Financial, Ltd., on behalf of all investors who purchased or held Certificates of Deposit or otherwise maintained accounts with Stanford International Bank as of February 2009.http://www.oakbridgeins.com/clients/blog/troice.pdf Legal action also filed against Proskauer and Sjoblom by Laura Pendergest Holt, one of the Stanford officers arrested by the FBI in the Stanford Ponzi.February 27, 2009 FBI make first arrest in $8 billion Allen Stanford fraud investigation Telegraph Media Group Limited @ http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/4860579/FBI-make-first-arrest-in-8-billion-Allen-Stanford-fraud-investigation.html March 27, 2009 Thomas V. Sjoblom and Proskauer Rose, LLP/ Laura Pendergest-Holthttp://amlawdaily.typepad.com/sjoblom.pdf  February 19, 2009 Charges Against Stanford a Long Time Coming, Offshore Banking Experts Say Accused Financier Under Federal Drug Investigation ABC News by Justin Rood and Brian Ross.http://abcnews.go.com/Blotter/story?id=6907429&page=1 Note that Stanford is also under ongoing investigation by the FBI for involvement with leading International Criminal Cartels and where it has been reported that the FBI has been conducting a long-standing investigation of this connection. James Davis, a key figure also arrested by the FBI in Stanford and Allen Stanfords longtime friend and second in command, copped a plea deal whereby he pointed to Proskauer and Sjoblom as directly involved, leading to further civil actions by Injured Investors against Proskauer.August 27, 2009, The Stanford Affair: Another Bad Day for Proskauers Tom Sjoblom Wall Street Journal Legal Blog by Amir Efrati.http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2009/08/27/the-stanford-affair-another-bad-day-for-proskauers-tom-sjoblom/tab/article More information Regarding the Stanford, Proskauer and Iviewit correlations can be found at all of the following URLs, hereby incorporated in entirety by reference herein: February 25, 2009 Eliot Bernstein Petition to the US District Court for the Northern District of Texas in the SEC v Stanford lawsuits DOCKETS NO: 3:09-cv-00298-N, 3:09-cv-00298-L and 1:09-mc-00002-JAD titled IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION AND PETITION-COMPLAINT OF ELIOT BERNSTEIN TO INTERVENE AND/OR JOIN AS A PLAINTIFF IN THE WITHIN ACTION BOTH INDIVIDUALLY AND AS TRUSTEE ON BEHALF OF JOSHUA ENNIO ZANDER BERNSTEIN IRREVOCABLE TRUST, JACOB NOAH ARCHIE BERNSTEIN IRREVOCABLE TRUST & DANIEL ELIJSHA ABE OTTOMO BERNSTEIN IRREVOCABLE TRUST http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090225%20USDC%20Northern%20TX%20Filing%20RE%20SEC%20STANFORD%20l.pdf  March 02, 2009 EMERGENCY MOTION TO INVESTIGATE PROSKAUER ROSE DEFENDANTS INVOLVEMENT IN THE ALLEN STANFORD FINANCIAL, THE BERNARD MADOFF AND THE MARC DRIER FRAUD SCANDALS. REMOVE PROSKAUER FROM SELF REPRESENTATION IN THESE MATTERS UNTIL SUCH TIME THAT THE FBI REMOVES THEM FROM THE ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS INTO THE STANFORD FINANCIAL FRAUDhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090302%20FINAL%20Emergency%20Motion%20Re%20Proskauer%20Stanford%20Madoff%20Dreier%20Scandals4017.pdf  August 21, 2009 08-4873-CV United States Court of Appeal for the Second Circuit Iviewit Motion to Compel US Second Circuit Court to Follow Law. Allen Stanford, Bernard Madoff, Marc S. Dreier links to Iviewit via Proskauer Rose and Foley and Lardner implicated in Trillion-Dollar Suit. Citizen Arrest of Judge Ralph Winter & Clerk Catherine OHagan Wolfe.Online Interactive Version @http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=78Original Signed Filed Motion @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090908%20FINAL%20Emergency%20Motion%20to%20Compel%20SIGNED44948.pdf  September 24, 2009 New York Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing and Eliot Bernsteins testimony before the Committee, Bernsteins testimony begins at 3 Hours 38 Minutes into the hearings.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8OX8uuAbw&feature=player_embedded  October 05, 2009  Prepared Statement of Eliot I. Bernstein of Iviewit to New York Senate Judiciary Committee John L. Sampson Regarding Trillion Dollar Iviewit Federal Lawsuit Naming Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner, IBM, Intel, SGI, Lockheed and MoreOnline Interactive Version @http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=165 Filed Copy @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20091005%20FINAL%20NY%20Judiciary%20Cover%20Letter%20for%20Prepared%20Statement%20to%20Committee%20John%20Sampson1897%20Signed.pdf The links provided in this Stanford Section are also beneficial for the following sections on Madoff and Dreier Ponzi Schemes and therefore will not be relisted in those sections.This information should be cause for the SEC, FBI and others addressed herein to reanalyze the entire Stanford scheme in light of this new evidence. All asset sales and other distributions should instantly be halted until these material facts can be reviewed to determine if these funds are also relating to the Iviewit stolen patents.Bernard L. Madoff SEC Ongoing Investigation and Conviction as it Relates to Proskauer RoseSeveral ties between Proskauer and Madoff also exist, learned in part from the SEC OIG stinging report on Madoff, which harshly criticized lax regulators for overlooking the Madoff information from Whistleblowers and Insiders at the SEC, over a several year period. According to TPM, in 2004 an SEC attorney, Genevievette Walker-Lightfoot, notified the SEC of the Ponzi but was forced out of her job, the SEC later settling a claim filed by Lightfoot. Upon termination, Lightfoot turned over the Madoff file to Jacqueline Wood who then presumably buried the report, as it goes missing from that point, including information that could have exposed the Ponzi in 04. The SEC OIGs report mentions Wood throughout the entire report as a key figure in the regulatory failure, after leaving the SEC, Wood took a cozy Proskauer Rose partnership. Bernie Madoff: SEC Investigator Fingered Bernie In 04; SEC Chief Lori Richards ResignsTPM Media LLC. July 9, 2009 @ http://tpmcafe.talkingpointsmemo.com/talk/blogs/mrs_panstreppon/2009/07/bernie-madoff-sec-investigator.phpAgain, we find an SEC employee, Wood, taking a Proskauer partnership, similar to Sjoblom leaving the SEC for Proskauer and both directly implicated in the SEC failures. This pattern may identify to the SEC how these alleged Criminal Enterprise Law Firms move in and out of Regulatory bodies to stave off investigations or to further complete their Schemes. March 02, 2009 EMERGENCY MOTION TO INVESTIGATE PROSKAUER ROSE DEFENDANTS INVOLVEMENT IN THE ALLEN STANFORD FINANCIAL, THE BERNARD MADOFF AND THE MARC DRIER FRAUD SCANDALS. REMOVE PROSKAUER FROM SELF REPRESENTATION IN THESE MATTERS UNTIL SUCH TIME THAT THE FBI REMOVES THEM FROM THE ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS INTO THE STANFORD FINANCIAL FRAUDhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090302%20FINAL%20Emergency%20Motion%20Re%20Proskauer%20Stanford%20Madoff%20Dreier%20Scandals4017.pdfI filed Motions at the US Second Circuit Court of Appeals and US District Court, already exhibited herein, with similar claims of regulatory failures of the prior Presidential administration. Failures allegedly directly related to the Madoff case and I have reported this to Federal Authorities. The Motions also discuss Conflicts centering on the Madoff saga where Proskauer publicly identified their firm as having the most clients in the Madoff Ponzi and now it is revealed in the press that many Madoff clients are the subject of ongoing SEC investigations.The Motion at the US Second Circuit is to Compel that court to address the Conflicts of Interest and other matters according to law, laws being ignored while the Court and the Defendants perpetuate never ending Conflicts and Crimes. Note here that the handling of the Madoff Ponzi is by the same courts handling my RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit and that the same courts were notified for months of the correlations between the Madoff Ponzi and my Lawsuit and have failed to notify the proper authorities, including the SEC and instead attempted to bury my lawsuit and motions. The SEC should further note that in the courts handling my Lawsuit, many of the judges and clerks are also Defendants in the Lawsuit and despite the obvious conflicts, they continue to handle the matters, as if no rules or laws apply to them. These illegal actions by members of the courts should also be cause for the SEC, FBI and others addressed herein to investigate the members of the courts involved for possible collusion and aiding and abetting these schemes through Fraud on the Courts. Following this Formal Complaint, for the courts failures to address the conflicts and misprision of a felony, the three Second Circuit Judges involved in my appeal will be filed on for Criminal Obstruction and other crimes, as exhibited already in the Motion to Compel. The SEC should note here that the US Second Circuit has recently attempted to evade the Motion to Compel, by attempting to dismiss the Appeal as baseless, while the related Whistleblower case remains ongoing. Sneaky as it sounds, by dismissing the case, the court has evaded addressing the criminal charges levied against them and the request for oversight of their criminal actions, as set forth in the Motion to Compel. This brilliant but failed attempt to evade the Motion to Compel, without having to rule on their conflicts or answer the charges against them, despite factual and material conflicts of interests in the court, further evidences their continued criminal obstruction. All those addressed herein, should therefore immediately begin investigation of the Second Circuit and US District Court for the Southern District of New York court officials involved. Especially concerning their concealment from authorities of these material facts relating to these Schemes, again which may be a Misprision of Felony and whereby had the courts acted within law they could have prevented injury to many victims in these Schemes years earlier, when I initially reported Proskauers misdeeds to them.This information should be cause for the SEC to reanalyze the entire Madoff Scheme in light of this new evidence. All asset sales and other distributions should instantly be halted until these material facts can be reviewed to determine if these funds are also relating to the Iviewit stolen patents.Marc S. Dreier SEC Investigation and ConvictionThe SEC Indictment and Conviction of Marc S. Dreier as it relates to Proskauer, comes from the connection to Patent Attorney Raymond A. Joao. Joao initially introduced to Iviewit as a Proskauer partner by Wheeler, along with Rubenstein, when they were actually with Meltzer at that time. Once investors in Iviewit learned Rubenstein and Joao were not with Proskauer as represented, Proskauer partner Christopher C. Wheeler (Wheeler) claimed they were transferring to Proskauer shortly. Rubenstein then transferred almost overnight and Joao was to follow after he finished work at Meltzer but since he was actually writing the patent applications under Rubensteins direction for Iviewit, Iviewit had to take an additional retainer to Proskauers with Meltzer until Joao transferred. However, Joao never transferred to Proskauer and during his first year of work for Iviewit, it was discovered that Joao allegedly was not filing timely and correct patent applications and patenting inventions in his own name. Joao now under ongoing investigation at the US Patent Office and FBI, ordered for by the First Dept and yet to be completed and more. Wheeler then claimed that Proskauer was beginning an investigation of Joao, ironically, and ignoring the conflicts this presented, as Joao was Proskauer, Wheeler and Rubensteins referral. Wheeler then suggested his good friend William Dick (Dick) of Foley to replace Joao for filing the patents and reviewing Joaos work, continuing under Rubensteins oversight, as described in the Wachovia Private Placement already exhibited herein. What Wheeler failed to disclose to Iviewit is that Dick had been involved immediately prior to being retained by Iviewit, with both Wheeler and another Proskauer/Wheeler referral to Iviewit, Brian G. Utley, formerly employed by IBM and working with Dick, Utley then becoming President of Iviewit, in another allegedly failed Intellectual Property theft. The prior attempted Intellectual Property heist was against another Florida businessperson, Philanthropist Monte Friedkin of Diamond Turf Equipment Co. and whereby all those addressed herein should take note of the Prior History of these alleged patent thieves, clearly indicating that this is an organized and repeated crime against inventors.The SEC should note that Wheeler presented a falsified resume for his friend Utley to Iviewit that not only failed to disclose the attempted theft but also failed to disclose, and in fact materially falsified Utleys resume concealing the facts by claiming Utley left the company Diamond Turf a success due to his innovations. Factually, the attempted IP theft, according to Friedkin, led to the firing of Utley by Friedkin and Friedkins immediately closing the business and taking a multimillion-dollar loss directly due to the scheme perpetrated by Utley, Dick and Wheeler. Dick also failed to disclose this fact when joining Iviewit. In both Utley and Wheelers depositions, already exhibited herein, both Utley and Wheeler contradict each others statements when confronted with the Friedkin information and Dick in his Virginia Bar Response to a complaint filed against him further contradicts both Wheeler and Utley regarding the Friedkin events. Supplementary evidence confirming these claims can be found on the Iviewit homepage at www.iviewit.tv .When Dick replaced Joao, the press reported that Joao claimed he now had 90+ patents in his own name, many allegedly directly lifted from Iviewit. Joao then joined the Marc S. Dreier law firm of Dreier & Baritz. This new information should be cause for the SEC to reanalyze the entire Dreier Ponzi Scheme in light of this new evidence, and in fact, the monies of the Dreier Ponzi allegedly directly relate to royalties from sales and licensing of Joaos stolen Intellectual Properties. The Dreier Ponzi is alleged to be another money-laundering scheme concocted by the Defendants in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit. The SEC should also cease distribution of assets in the Dreier Ponzi, especially where the Trustee appears conflicted with Proskauer and again the court actions may be further attempts by these all too clever law firms to abscond with funds in further illegal legal actions and Fraud on the Court.In addition to the links in the Stanford section, which deal with the Drier / Joao / Iviewit connection, additional links below substantiate these claims. Joaos Dreier & Baritz LLP BioRaymond A. Joao joined Dreier & Baritz LLP in 2001 as Of Counsel to the Firms intellectual property department. Mr. Joao brings to the Firm an extensive legal, business and engineering background encompassing virtually all aspects of intellectual property, including prosecution of patent applications; reexaminations; preparation of patent opinions; litigation; and counseling clients in the development, management and exploitation of their intellectual property assets. Mr. Joao is also currently an intellectual property management consultant for various start-up software, telecommunication, Internet and e-commerce companies. He regularly directs new business and intellectual property development efforts; negotiates contracts; drafts license agreements; performs due diligence in mergers and acquisitions; assists in the preparation of business plans, executive summaries and other corporate documents; conducts competitive analysis studies; aids in the formulation of litigation strategies; and assists in capital raising efforts. Notably, Mr. Joao is the inventor of 10 issued U.S. patents and has over 80 patent pending technologies. Mr. Joao was also a founder of Electroship (N.Y.), Inc. which was formed to exploit certain patent pending technologies of which Mr. Joao was a co-inventor. Electroship (N.Y.), Inc. was acquired by a public company within six months of its formation. Mr. Joao headed Electroships intellectual property and corporate efforts, as well as the merger and acquisition deal leading up to the merger. Prior to joining Dreier & Baritz, Mr. Joao was head of the Intellectual Property Department at Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein & Schlissel, P.C. in Mineola, New York. He was also formerly a partner at Anderson Kill & Olick, P.C. in New York in the Intellectual Property Group. Prior to the commencement of his legal career, Mr. Joao was an electrical engineer with Loral Corporation in the Systems Engineering Group, and prior to that was an engineer with Sperry Corporation. Mr. Joao obtained a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering in 1982 and a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering in 1984 from Columbia University School of Engineering and Applied Science. He received his law degree in 1990 from St. Johns University School of Law. Most recently, in 1999, he obtained a Masters in Business Administration in Finance from Baruch College/City University. Mr. Joao is admitted to practice before the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the U.S. District Courts for the Southern and Eastern Districts of New York, and the New York State and Connecticut Bars. e-mail: rjoao@dreierbaritz.com.  January 02, 2009 ~ The WallStreet Journal Former AUSA Selected as Bankruptcy Trustee in Dreier Case For a week, itd been all quiet on the Marc Dreier front. But now a new lawyer is set to be welcomed to the Dreier Party. The NYLJ reports that Sheila M. Gowan (University of Minnesota, Brooklyn Law) has been selected as the bankruptcy trustee in the case. Dreier, founder and sole owner of the law firm Dreier LLP  for those of you took December off  is alleged to have perpetrated a massive fraud against a group of hedge funds. (Heres our coverage.) Gowan, a former Proskauer associate [Emphasis Added] and AUSA in the Southern District of New York, is now a partner at Diamond McCarthyAgain, the SEC should note Proskauers direct involvement in the Dreier matters as trustee Gowan was a former Proskauer associate. The conflict is absolute in light of the claims herein, now demanding full disclosure by Gowan and conflict waivers from the victims. When viewed in light of the Joao / Proskauer / Dreier connections described and evidenced already herein, these conflicts will preclude Gowans continued involvement. Again, the entire crime depends on continued conflicts of interests that preclude due process and procedure by infiltration of the Criminal Enterprise law firms into Regulatory, Prosecutorial and Court actions against them. The law firms are also well versed in court-orchestrated schemes and with infiltration into regulatory agencies are alleged to use the courts actually to effectuate further frauds. March 03, 2009 ~ USDOJ Letter by Lev L. Dassin, Acting US Attorney to Judge Stuart M. Bernstein. Note that not only Gowan is copied but also Proskauer Attorney Jeffrey W. Levitan, Esq. ( Levitan ) is also copied. The SEC has absolute cause to investigate if Levitan, Gowan and/or Proskauer failed fully to disclose their involvement with Dreier through Joao and the Iviewit matters. Proskauer and presumably Gowan are fully aware of their alleged involvement in my patent theft through my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit against the Proskauer firm. Failure to disclose this material fact to the Bankruptcy court is allegedly further fraudulent activity. The SEC should also note that the courts have been notified in my legal actions and have obligations through Judicial Cannons to notify the proper authorities of any possible attorney misconduct they are aware of, or face Misprision of Felony charges and more. Thus, the courts should have also notified the SEC of the information given them in official court filings in my lawsuit regarding the Dreier lawsuit, including the correlating information in the Stanford case, which would have forced Gowans disclosures regarding her involvement with Proskauer and the Dreier matters and her withdrawal as Trustee. http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20090325%20Dreier%20USDOJ%20Letter%20to%20BK%20Judge%20copies%20Proskauer%20and%20former%20Proskauer%20Gowan.pdf Again, all this new information is cause for the SEC to reinvestigate the Dreier Ponzi in light of these facts and whereby the Dreier Ponzi may be further efforts to launder monies gained from the stolen Intellectual Properties; this would represent possible Fraud Upon a United States Bankruptcy Court. All asset sales and other distributions should instantly be halted until these material facts can be reviewed to determine if these funds are also relating to the Iviewit stolen patents.Galleon SEC Ongoing Investigation and Convictions October 16, 2009 SEC Complaint Galleonhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20091016%20SEC%20Galleon%20Complaint.pdfWith information just beginning in this massive SEC insider trading case, the SEC should note that several of the key defendants in these matters are also Defendants in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit.Intel Capital Rajiv Goel indicted by SEC and Intel Corporation is a defendant in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit. Intel Capital Rajiv Goel, a managing director at Intel Corporation has been implicated by the SEC in the Galleon Complaint.o The SEC should take note that one of the first people on the scene at the time of the Iviewit inventions was a one Hassan Miah (Miah), who signed NDAs while analyzing Iviewit as an Investment for EarthLink founders Sky Dylan Dayton and Kevin ODonnell. Miah had worked at the Intel / Creative Artist Agency (CAA) Multimedia Lab prior to involvement with Iviewit and upon viewing the inventions, called them the Holy Grail of the Digital Imaging and Video world, including the Internet. Later Miah again joined Intel at Intel Capital.From Miahs Biography @ Digital Hollywoodhttp://www.digitalhollywood.com/%231-DHEurope/London-WednesdayFive.html , I quote,Hassan Miah is the former Managing Director of Intel Capital, where he led worldwide media and entertainment investments. Today, he remains an advisor to Intel Corporations Digital Home Group, which is responsible for the companys global consumer PC product line. He is also the former head of New Media for CAA, one of Hollywoods leading entertainment and talent agencies. While at Intel, Mr. Miah led such media related investments as Bellrock Media, Synacor, Zinio, Black Arrow, Clickstar and Gametrust. At CAA, Mr. Miah established and headed the CAA/Intel Media Lab, the first significant collaboration between Hollywood and a major technology company, and helped form Tele-TV, a joint investment by NYNEX, PacBell and Bell Atlantic to provide interactive video television services over phone lines. Before joining CAA, Mr. Miah was a Management Consulting Partner for KPMG LLP, specializing in media and entertainment transactions. At KPMG, he helped structure such transactions as the sale of MCA Universal Studios to Matsushita, the sale of Geffen Records to Universal and Polygrams acquisition of A&M Records. Mr. Miah also has extensive operating/managerial experience having developed and sold companies in the digital media sector during his career, e.g., after creating the first consumer MP3 recording software, Mr. Miah successfully sold Xing Technology Corp. to Real Networks at a 10x multiple from when he joined the company less than two years after becoming CEO. Mr. Miah is a CPA and received a B.A. in Business from the University of Michigan and a M.B.A. from Stanford Universitys Graduate School of Business.o April 27, 1999 letter from Richard R. Rosman, Esq. to Hassan Miah regarding the Iviewit inventions and Proskauer Rose Partner Rubensteins opinion on the technologies. Note that Rubenstein and Miah know each other through MPEG and Miahs former employer XING. Immediately after learning of the Iviewit inventions, Miah sold XING to Real Networks as indicated above.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/1999%2004%2026%20Wheeler%20Letter%20to%20Rosman%20re%20Rubenstein%20opinion.pdf o June 01, 1999  Donald G. Kane, Managing Director at Goldman Sachs letter regarding Hassan Miah and Miahs letter requesting to speak to Rubenstein.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/1999%2006%2001%20HASSAN%20LETTER%20FORWARDED%20TO%20RUBENSTEIN.pdf o Roomy Khan, a convicted felon and former Intel employee is pleading guilty in the Galleon case and the relations between Iviewit and Intel are already described herein.Robert W. Moffat, Jr. ~ Senior Vice President, Integrated Operations at IBM Corporation. The SEC should note that IBM is a Defendant in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit.  The SEC should note that Dick of Foley was former IBM patent counsel for their far eastern patent pooling scheme. The SEC should note that Utley of Iviewit was formerly a General Manager at the IBM Boca Raton Florida facility. The SEC should note that Wheeler of Proskauer claimed to have been the real estate legal agent for the Boca Raton, IBM facility. The SEC should note again that Wheeler, Dick and Utley were part of an attempted theft of Intellectual Property from Florida businessperson Monte Friedkin. The SEC should note that former Chief Judge of the New York courts Chief Judge Judith Kaye was a former IBM lawyer and married to Proskauer Partner Stephen R. Kaye (deceased). Stephen Kaye became an Intellectual Property partner in the Proskauer Intellectual Property group formed immediately after learning of my inventions. Both Judith Kaye and her deceased husbands estate are Defendants in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit. The SEC should note that Wheeler not only introduced Utley to Iviewit with a falsified resume but that Utley, Dick and Wheeler also brought in a one Michael Reale, a former IBM employee to work for Iviewit. The SEC should note that Wheeler and Utley recommended Dick to Iviewit after Joaos termination from Iviewit and under false pretenses, again failing to notify Iviewit Management, Officers, Board Members and Investors of their prior attempted theft at Friedkins business and the resulting loss to Friedkin. Utley also provided a materially false resume for the Wachovia Private Placement. The SEC should note that it is alleged in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit that IBM is part of a Criminal Patent Theft Ring committing Fraud Upon the US Patent Office and world Intellectual Property Offices. The SEC should note the recent appointment by President Barack Obama, whom also has been notified of the Iviewit claims as evidenced further herein, of David Kappos (Kappos) as Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property. Kappos was a former IBM Vice President and Assistant General Counsel for Intellectual Property. http://www.uspto.gov/biographies/bio_kappos.htm  The SEC should note that IBM has also been notified of the same liabilities as described herein regarding Warner Bros et al. and is believed to have also concealed these liabilities from their Shareholders and where this is again cause for the SEC to investigate IBM to prevent Massive Liabilities to IBM Shareholders.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20090313%20IBM%20Notice%20of%20Liabilities%20Robert%20Weber%20Samuel%20Palmisano.pdf Anil Kumar, Director at McKinsey & Co. The SEC should note that Calkins of Warner Bros. was a former McKinsey employee. The SEC should also note that H. Hickman Powell, of Iviewits largest investor, Crossbow Ventures, was also from McKinsey.November 04, 2009 SEC Complaint Galleonhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20091104%20Galleon%20SEC%20Complaint%20Ropes%20Gray%20etc.pdfRopes & Gray  Arthur Cutillo, Esq.  Intellectual Property Attorney The SEC should note that Ropes & Gray is directly involved as counsel in the Silicon Graphics, Inc. Bankruptcy whereby Iviewit has already filed papers in that case, exhibited herein and discussed further in the section titled IVIEWIT SEC COMPLAINT FILED AGAINST INTEL, LOCKHEED MARTIN AND SGI Ropes & Gray - Brien Santarlas  Intellectual Property Attorney  The SEC should note that 3Com is an early purveyor of the Iviewit technologies and under NDA. The SEC should note that Ropes & Gray has patents listed at its website in digital imaging and video and that patent transfers occurred in SGIs multiple Bankruptcy cases filed since learning of the Iviewit technologies through Real 3D, Inc. in 1998.Sullivan & Cromwell ~ Michael Kimelman, Esq.  Sullivan & Cromwell may also be involved in the SGI Bankruptcy case.http://www.liquidatingtrustee.com/2010/01/continued-culture-of-conflict-and.html Since the Galleon case is unfolding this information represents the initial correlations of several of the key defendants companies that may have further involvement with the Iviewit matters herein described, amendments will be made to this Formal Complaint with all those agencies addressed herein as more information is learned. Iviewit SEC Complaint Filed Against Intel, Lockheed Martin and SGI (Formerly Owners of Real 3D, Inc.)Please note that this Request for Investigation and Formal Complaint against Warner Bros et al. directly relates to my prior formal complaint to the SEC involving the Intel Corporation, Lockheed Martin, and Silicon Graphics, Inc. March 25, 2009 SEC COMPLAINT  Real 3D, Inc,, Intel, Silicon Graphics and Lockheed Martinhttp://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090325%20FINAL%20Intel%20SEC%20Complaint%20SIGNED2073.pdf These three companies were all owners of the Real3d Inc. company ( later wholly acquired by Intel ), where my Technologies were first tested, used, viewed, approved, validated, Contracted and Licensed under Non Disclosure and other Licensing Agreements. Leading Industry Experts of the three companies at the Real3d Inc. laboratories, similar to Warner Bros et al. completed validation of the novelty of the Intellectual Properties in 1998-1999. Real 3D prior to acquisition by the minority interest owner Intel (20%), were previously located on Lockheed Martin properties in Orlando, Florida. Gerald Stanley was CEO of Real 3D, Inc. until the sale of the company to Intel, whereby Lawrence S. Palley, Director of Business Development for Intel took over the Iviewit agreements.Complaints are on file already with the SEC against these companies for likely fraudulent stock transactions similar to those described herein committed by Warner Bros et al., as well as, likely massive fraud upon their Shareholders, Auditors and Regulators. All transactions, stock transfers, mergers and acquisitions dating back to 1998 should be part of the investigation of these companies, in addition to likely violations of FASB No. 5 and other corporate accounting rules for failure at minimum to book liabilities on the corporate financials and provide notice to Shareholders. Intel March 06, 2009 Iviewit Letter of Liabilities to Intel http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090306%20Intel%20Demand%20Letter%20&%20Liability%20Exposure%20%20Signed%203549l.pdf  March 25, 2009 Iviewit SEC Complaint Filedhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090306%20Intel%20Demand%20Letter%20&%20Liability%20Exposure%20%20Signed%203549l.pdf  September 15, 2009 Apple Press Release ~ Intel Counsel Bruce Sewell departs Intel to Applehttp://www.apple.com/pr/library/2009/09/15sewell.html  January 16, 2002 The Register SGI transfers 3D graphics patents to MS [Microsoft]http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20020116%20SGI%20transfers%20patents%20to%20MICROSOFT.pdf Lockheed April 16, 2009 Iviewit Letter to Lockheeds Counsel James Comey Regarding Iviewit Liabilitieshttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090416%20FINAL%20SIGNED%20Demand%20Letter%20to%20Lockheed%20Comey4841clow.pdf  April 27, 2009 Iviewit SEC Complaint Against Lockheedhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090427%20FINAL%20Lockheed%20SEC%20Complaint2064.pdf Silicon Graphics Inc. March 19, 2009 Iviewit Letter to Elena Ramirez regarding SGI Liabilities in the Iviewit matters.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20090319%20SGI%20Notice%20of%20Liability%20Counsel%20Elena%20Rameriz.pdf  April 01, 2009 SGI Files Chapter 11 Bankruptcyo The SEC should note the immediate proximity of notice to SGI counsel Elena Ramirez on March 18, 2009 to the filing of the Bankruptcy and where Ramirez fails to the notify the court of the Liabilities she was aware of already, evidencing concealment from the Federal US Bankruptcy Court. This transaction may also trigger Rescissory SGI Shareholder Rights for Fraud involving this transaction. o The SEC should note that all transactions of SGI stock from 1998-Present should be investigated for fraud based on SGIs involvement with Real 3D, Inc. and as it relates to the Iviewit matters.o Voluntary Petition (Chapter 11). Order for Relief Entered. Filed by Mark R. Somerstein of Ropes & Gray LLP on behalf of Silicon Graphics, Inc.. (Somerstein, Mark) (Entered: 04/01/2009)  April 13, 2009 Inside HPC News A visual timeline of the rise and sale of SGIhttp://insidehpc.com/2009/04/13/a-visual-timeline-of-the-rise-and-sale-of-sgi Timeline of SGI http://insidehpc.com/images/04132009/SGItimeline.jpg  Vizworld Articles regarding what led to Rise and Fall of SGIhttp://www.vizworld.com/tag/sgi-bts http://www.vizworld.com/?s=iviewit  April 09, 2009 Federal Bankruptcy Complaint Silicon Graphics, Inc. Emergency Motion to Establish Proof of Claim; Vacate or Modify Order of Sale; Injunction; Priority of Claims; and Other Reliefhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090409%20FINAL%20US%20Bankruptcy%20Court%20SDNY%20SGI%20Motion.pdf  May 05, 2009 Ropes & Gray OBJECTION OF THE DEBTORS TO EMERGENCY MOTION OF ELIOT I. BERNSTEIN TO ESTABLISH PROOF OF CLAIM; VACATE OR MODIFY ORDER OF SALE; INJUNCTION; PRIORITY OF CLAIMS; AND OTHER RELIEF (related document(s) 102 ) filed by Mark R. Somerstein on behalf of Silicon Graphics, Inc.. (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit A - Original Complaint# 2 Exhibit B - Amended Complaint (Part 1)# 3 Exhibit B - Amended Complaint (Part 2)# 4 Exhibit B - Amended Complaint (Part 3)# 5 Exhibit C - District Court Order) (Somerstein, Mark) (Entered: 05/05/2009)Objection to Motionhttp://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=318 Related Documenthttp://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=102 # 1 Exhibit A - Original Complainthttp://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=318&sd=1 #2 Exhibit B - Amended Complaint (Part 1) http://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=318&sd=2 # 3 Exhibit B - Amended Complaint (Part 2) http://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=318&sd=3 # 4 Exhibit B - Amended Complaint (Part 3) http://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=318&sd=4 # 5 Exhibit C - District Court Order) http://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=318&sd=5 http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/SGI%20Bankruptcy/Bernstein%20Objection.pdf  May 05, 2009 SGI Counsel Elena Rameriz Declaration to Bankruptcy Court titled, Affidavit Declaration of Elena Ramirez in Support of the Objection of the Debtors to the Emergency Motion of Eliot I. Bernstein to Establish Proof of Claim; Vacate or Modify Order of Sale; Injunction; Priority of Claims; and Other Relief filed by Mark R. Somerstein on behalf of Silicon Graphics, Inc.. (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit A - Bernstein Letter to General Counsel of Intel Corporation# 2 Exhibit B - Bernstein Letter to the President of the United States# 3 Exhibit C - Bernstein Complaint to SEC) (Somerstein, Mark) (Entered: 05/05/2009) http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/SGI%20Bankruptcy/Ramirez%20Declaration.pdf  May 08, 2009 Eliot Bernstein prepared statement read into record during hearing of SGI Bankruptcy @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/SGI%20Bankruptcy/20090508%20SGI%20BK%20Hearing%20Script%20into%20records.pdf A copy of this hearing was presumably transcribed into the record and where the SEC and others addressed herein may wish to obtain copies of the hearing as part of this Formal Complaint. May 08, 2009  Order Denying Emergency Motion of Eliot I. Bernstein to Establish Proof of Claim; Vacate or Modify Order of Sale; Injunction; Priority of Claims; and Other Relief. (Related Doc # 102 , Doc # 318 ) (Tetzlaff, Deanna) (Entered: 05/08/2009)http://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=367 http://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=102 http://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=318  June 16, 2009 Iviewit Proof of Claim SGI Bankruptcy @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090616%20FINAL%20NYSD%20BK%20Proof%20of%20Claim%20and%20Letter%20SGI%20BK.pdf  August 14, 2009 Motion for Objection to Claim(s) Number: 225 - Objection of the Debtors to Claim of Eliot I. Bernstein with hearing to be held on 9/15/2009 at 10:00 AM at Courtroom 501 (MG) Responses due by 9/10/2009, filed by Mark R. Somerstein on behalf of Graphics Properties Holdings, Inc.. (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit A# 2 Exhibit B - Part 1# 3 Exhibit B - Part 2# 4 Exhibit B - Part 3# 5 Exhibit C - Ramirez Declaration# 6 Exhibit A to Ramirez Declaration# 7 Exhibit B to Ramirez Declaration# 8 Exhibit C to Ramirez Declaration# 9 Exhibit D# 10 Exhibit E# 11 Exhibit F - Gibson Declaration# 12 Exhibit G# 13 Exhibit H - Proposed Order)(Somerstein, Mark) (Entered: 08/14/2009) Docket for SGI Bankruptcyhttp://www.donlinrecano.com/Dockets/sgi/09-11701  August 14, 2009 Notice of Hearing regarding Objection of the Debtors to Claim of Eliot I. Bernstein (related document(s) 606 ) filed by Mark R. Somerstein on behalf of Graphics Properties Holdings, Inc.. with hearing to be held on 9/15/2009 at 10:00 AM at Courtroom 501 (MG) Objections due by 9/10/2009, (Somerstein, Mark) (Entered: 08/14/2009) September 11, 2009 Response - Claimant - Creditor Eliot I. Bernsteins Response and Cross Motion to Debtors Objections to the Bernstein Proof of Claim No. 225 filed by Debtor Counsel Ropes and Gray, LLP filed by Eliot I. Bernstein. with hearing to be held on 9/15/2009 at 10:00 AM at Courtroom 501 (MG) (Lopez, Mary) (Entered: 09/11/2009)http://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=660  September 13, 2009 Response - Reply Of The Debtors To Claimant Creditor Eliot I. Bernsteins Response And Cross Motions To Debtors Objections To The Bernstein Proof Of Claim No. 225 Filed By Debtor Counsel Ropes and Gray, LLP, And Motion To Estimate The Claim Of Eliot I. Bernstein (related document(s) 660 ) filed by Mark R. Somerstein on behalf of Graphics Properties Holdings, Inc.. with hearing to be held on 9/15/2009 at 10:00 AM at Courtroom 501 (MG) (Somerstein, Mark) (Entered: 09/13/2009) http://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=664  September 15, 2009 Order Signed on 9/15/2009 Sustaining the Objection of the Debtors to Claim of Eliot I. Bernstein. (related document(s) 606 ) (Tetzlaff, Deanna) (Entered: 09/15/2009)http://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=676  November 19, 2009 Motion to Compel - Letter to the Clerks Office with Motion to Compel and Disqualify and Other Relief Under Rule 9024 and FRCP Rule 60 filed by Eliot Ivan Bernstein. (Lopez, Mary) (Entered: 11/24/2009) http://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=841 o The SEC should note here that this document was not docketed when received by the court on September 18, 2009 December 30, 2009 Order Denying Eliot Bernsteins (1) Motion for Reconsideration Under Bankruptcy Rule 9024 and Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 60 and (2) Motion to Disqualify (Related Doc # 841 ) signed on 12/30/2009 (White, Greg) (Entered: 12/30/2009)http://www.donlinrecano.com/cases/docketfile.ashx?cl=sgi&c=09-11701&d=865 o The SEC should note that this document was not served upon me and was found on the docket while preparing this Formal Complaint. Again, all those addressed herein, should note how Federal Bankruptcy Judge Martin Glenn, similar to the US Second Circuit, failed to address the factual conflicts in the case and instead tried to dismiss the complaint while failing to address the conflicts of interest and further conceal the Fraud on the Bankruptcy court. Glenns actions reek of illegal behavior, formal criminal complaints will follow this complaint, with all appropriate authorities.o The SEC should intercede in this Bankruptcy on behalf of the Shareholders of SGI.o The Bankruptcy attempts to shift intellectual properties, which may also be related to these matters. Of course, if fraud is determined to have occurred by Executive Officers of Real 3D, Inc., Intel, Lockheed Martin and SGI, again the Shareholders of those companies would have Rescissory Shareholder Rights due to the fraud. Again, the results will be catastrophic, as already described herein and in the former SEC Official Complaints filed against these companies. Whereby the bankruptcies may represent a shell game scheme through another Fraud on a US Federal Bankruptcy court, attempting to hide and distribute assets to Officers and Directors at the expense of Shareholders, again in violation of a mass of SEC laws.Iviewit Additional NEW Information Regarding SEC Investigations of Enron Broadband, Enron and Arthur AndersenThis Formal Complaint, as it relates to the herein relevant Federal, State and International Crimes may have direct bearing of the Ongoing Investigations of Enron and Andersen and if those investigations are not currently active, this information may be cause for further new Investigations or re-opening prior investigations in light of this information already provided herein.2004-Present SEC Investigation of Iviewit Allegations and False Statements by Boca Raton Police Department Detectives to SEC2004-Present SEC Investigation Regarding Iviewit and Boca Raton, Florida, Police Department regarding Investigations of Stolen Funds and Intellectual Properties. SEC Investigators claim that statements made by the Boca Raton Police Department were false regarding a two-year SEC investigation that the SEC was supposed to have been conducting with the Boca PD per detectives at the Boca PD. SEC agents involved denied ever being informed or jointly working on any investigation with the Boca PD and further denied that they were invited to a meeting at the Boca Raton PD that the Boca PD stated they would be attending. Based on these false claims by the Boca PD, the agents involved at the SEC claimed they were beginning an investigation of the matters at that time. October 07, 2004 Iviewit Petition to the Florida Supreme Court regarding the SEC and Boca Raton, FL Police Department Bogus Joint Investigation @Petition to Florida Supreme Court October 08, 2004 Supplemental Petition to Florida Supreme Court Regarding SEC and Boca Raton Police Department Bogus Joint Investigation @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2010%2008%20Flordia%20Supreme%20Court%20SC104%201078%20motion%20supp%20cert%20.pdf  August 28, 2003 Written Statement to Boca Raton PD Regarding Stolen Funds, Including SBA funds @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/POLICE%20REPORT%20-%20STOLEN%20CASH%20TIEDEMANN%20PROLOW%20PROSKAUER.pdf  September 02, 2003 Written Statement to Boca Raton PD Regarding Stolen Intellectual Property @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Written%20Statement%202%20-%20Stolen%20Intellectual%20Property.pdfDiscussion of Ongoing Lawsuits and Related Cases to Federal Whistleblower Lawsuit of Christine C. AndersonRelated Cases to Whistleblower Case of Christine C. Anderson, marked legally related by US Federal Judge Shira A. Scheindlin at the US District Court Southern District NY1. 07cv09599 Anderson v The State of New York, et al.WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT which other cases have been marked legally related to by Federal Judge Shira A. Scheindlin2. 07cv11196 Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.3. 07cv11612 Esposito v The State of New York, et al.4. 08cv00526 Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.5. 08cv02391 McKeown v The State of New York, et al.6. 08cv02852 Galison v The State of New York, et al.7. 08cv03305 Carvel v The State of New York, et al. 8. 08cv4053 Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al. 9. 08cv4438 Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al. 10. 08cv6368 John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New York11. 06cv05169 McNamara v The State of New York, et al. Cases @ United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit12. 08-4873-cv Bernstein et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. 13. 08-4879-cv Luisa C. Esposito v The State of New York et al. 14. Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al. 15. McKeown v The State of New York, et al.In reviewing this Formal Complaint the SEC should note one of the biggest problems in bringing these criminals to prosecution is that those involved in the criminal activities are large law firms and therefore have the ability to cover-up their crimes through penetration and perversion of justice, far easier than for most organized criminal enterprises. The ability to infiltrate justice, using their pedigree of law, allows the fox into the henhouse, allowing them to deflect criminal and civil complaints by violating public offices, violating conflict of interest rules and law and fearing no legal repercussions as they control the NY Courts and Regulators top down. In fact, being lawyers, allows them the ability to even, in some circumstances, control law, rewrite law, control the courts and control or replace those who would typically uphold the law.Enter Christine C. Anderson, Esq. to help prove this point of corruption not only in the NY courts but also at the US Attorney, NY Attorney General and NY District Attorney offices. Anderson is a former staff attorney at the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee (First DDC) and a rare hero in the courts. Anderson fired for standing up to illegal acts and injustices in the NY ETHICS department, injustice at the highest office of law. When the regulatory body for attorney misconduct has no ethics, law becomes lawlessness. Note here, that the First DDC is the ethics department that regulates Wall Street attorneys which of late appears to be more like the streets of Sodom and Gomorra. Anderson filed a Federal Lawsuit and in her original filing mentioned my companies Iviewit, regarding a Motion Iviewit filed against the former Chief Counsel of the First DDC, Thomas Cahill (Cahill) and others for violations of public offices. Cahill then ordered for investigation with the former President of the New York Bar Association (NYSBA) and head of the ethics departments in New York, Steven C. Krane (Krane) of Proskauer Rose and his Proskauer partner Rubenstein. October 26, 2007 Anderson Federal Filing Pages 24-25http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2008%2011%20new%20york%20first%20department%20orders%20investigation%20Krane%20Rubenstein%20Joao.pdfOrders for investigation were by Unanimous Consent of Five Justices of the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department (First Dept) for the Appearance of Impropriety and Conflicts of Interest, this occurring prior to Iviewits learning of Anderson.August 11, 2004 First Dept Court Order for Investigation of Krane, Rubenstein and Joaohttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2008%2011%20new%20york%20first%20department%20orders%20investigation%20Krane%20Rubenstein%20Joao.pdfKrane found handling complaints at the First DDC against his firm Proskauer and Proskauer attorney Rubenstein, while an officer of the First DDC and the head of the ethics departments throughout New York. Krane also violated Public Office acting within a one-year blackout whereby the NYSBA precludes officers for a year after service from handling disciplinary complaints. Further, Cahill lied when confronted about Kranes role at the First DDC and even claimed he did not know if Krane was an officer of the court. Yet, upon contacting then clerk of the First Dept., Catherine OHagan Wolfe (Wolfe), now clerk of the Second Circuit Court, Wolfe claimed that not only did Cahill know Krane was an acting and present officer of the court but that they had all had a scheduled First DDC meeting shortly.Wolfe is a Defendant in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit, as well as, originally a Defendant in Andersons complaint only later removed in Andersons Amended Complaint.Wolfe directed me to file the Motions against Cahill, Krane, Rubenstein, Proskauer, Meltzer and Joao with First Dept that led to the Orders for Investigation. The New York Supreme Court Appellate Division Second Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee (Second DDC) and the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division Second Department (Second Dept) then derailed the investigations and then further conflicts with Krane were discovered with the investigator at the Second DDC. The SEC should note here that Krane also was a law clerk for Chief Judge Judith Kaye and Kaye was married to Proskauer Partner, Stephen R. Kaye, who late in life became a partner in the newly formed Proskauer Intellectual Property department with Rubenstein, after learning of my inventions. The complaints were then elevated to Federal Authorities, as it appeared that the New York Courts were corrupted top down, with Kaye controlling not only the courts but also the disciplinary departments of New York with Krane. Krane was hands on controlling the complaints filed against Proskauer and Proskauer partners, then even handling his own complaint while still a First Dept. officer. Unbelievable, yet Anderson provides pivotal evidence that the corruption was far worse than merely blocking my individual complaints against Proskauer attorneys, and in fact, exposes the corruption reaching the highest investigatory bodies in New York and in conspiracy with the Ethics Department. In order to support the heroic efforts of Anderson exposing this perverse internal court and ethics corruption, I filed my Federal RICO Lawsuit seeking relation to Andersons lawsuit and while Judge Scheindlin did not approve all requests for relation to Anderson, she did mark mine, along with several others, as legally related to Anderson. Anderson, in sworn testimony to the New York Senate Judiciary Committee and in open Federal Court in Scheindlins court, made claims that made the First Dept. look like a mob run organization, even physically assaulting Anderson who is approximately 63 years old. June 08, 2009 Senate Judiciary Committee hearing, Andersons testimony starts in the video at 31 min 51 sec @ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8OX8uuAbw&feature=player_embeddedAnderson revealed in Federal Court that the First Dept had a Cleaner named Naomi Goldstein (Goldstein) and that Goldstein was cleaning complaints, with Cahill for not only favored lawyers and law firms but that she was cleaning complaints for the US Attorney, the District Attorney and the Assistant District Attorney. Cahill is both a Defendant in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit and a Defendant in Andersons Lawsuit.Anderson went on additionally to support here testimonies with a written statement of the corruptions, including claims of document and evidence destruction in attorney complaints found at the following URL @ http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=209 whereby Exhibit 2 at the URL contains Andersons sworn statement.Mind blowing revelations not only confirming my deepest fears of alleged corruption in the ETHICS department but fingering Cahill, Wolfe and others in a CONSPIRATORIAL effort to deny not only individual rights in the courts but to use the Ethics Department as an Attorney Protection Agency. Anderson depicts the First DDC as a self-regulated disaster, a disgrace to the very term Ethics, a disgrace to the profession of Law, with those in charge acting criminally. Pause for a moment to capture the breadth of these implications, not only in relation to this Formal Complaint but also in relation to the problems currently facing the country as a whole. Andersons revelations expose the corruption plaguing New Yorks legal community but also now force a number of investigations to begin. Investigations of Federal and State Agencies, including but not limited to, the First Dept, the First DDC, the US Attorney, the District Attorney, the Assistant District Attorney and the New York State Attorney General. Investigation into every prior complaint that complains of injustice and denial of due process by all of these agencies, including my complaints with these agencies that mirror almost identically the claims Anderson made. All opinions, orders, rulings, reviews, both in the courts and at the investigatory agencies must now be discarded, re-evaluated and re-investigated by non-conflicted third parties and most likely outside of the corruption that plagues New York at the moment. Anderson it appears had no regulatory or investigatory agency to turn to with her Whistleblower allegations as those charged with investigating such matters were all part of the alleged conspiracy and the very people and agencies she was complaining of in her Federal Lawsuit. In fact, the New Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, whose job it is to investigate New York Public Office Crimes through the Public Integrity Division of the AG, instead represents the State of New York Defendants, both professionally and individually. Representation that appears illegal as the NY AG Cuomo is legally bound to advise the State Defendants to get independent counsel when there is Conflict in his representation. Conflicts that interfere with his duties to the People, as in Andersons case, where there is Absolute Conflict force the NY AG to investigate the Public Officials on behalf of the People of New York, not defend them. There are also problems created by the NY AG representing the Anderson defendants both personally and professionally and yet again, the NY AG violates these public office rules. These illegal representations are not only conflicted but the conflicts act to block due process and procedure by creating Obstruction of Justice, as the illegal representations of the defendants leaves no one investigating the defendants.Anderson has filed a complaint with Scheindlins court to dismiss the entire hearing in her case due to the AG fraud on the court. While Anderson filed this Motion Pro Se, Scheindlin rejected the filing on the grounds that she has counsel but Scheindlin did not formally rule on the matters yet and where Andersons arguments remain valid.November 16, 2009 Andersons Notice of MotionIt should be noted here that similar to Andersons claims that the NY AG has acted illegally and perpetrated a fraud on the court, I made very similar claims of internal corruption and for almost identical reasons prior to ever learning of Anderson. The NY AG Cuomo illegally represents as counsel both personally and professionally, the State Defendants in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit in violation of his Public Office Duties. The NY AG also has issues of conflict in my Lawsuit, directly, including the fact that the NY AG is a Defendant in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST. Information pertaining to the allegations against the NY AG can found by a thorough review of both my New York District Court and Court of Appeals filings and all of which hereby are incorporated in this Formal Complaint in entirety by reference herein. Therefore, when considering this Formal Complaint and until all investigations ongoing worldwide and especially now in New York are fully completed, I request that any decisions emanating from New York, the First Dept, the First DDC, the New York courts, the Federal Courts, the Florida courts and Florida and Virginia State Bars be wholly discounted. Discounted and discarded entirely, as they have all been influenced by the illegal actions of the First Dept and First Dept DDC. Discarded and expunged other than to serve as evidence of the crimes committed and to fingerprint all those involved in the criminal enterprise operating inside the courts and reveal the hierarchy of criminals inside the courts, regulatory bodies and prosecutorial offices. Note here that in the state of Florida, similar conflicts to New York were discovered, again with Proskauer Partners caught violating Florida Bar Public Offices, the Florida Bar now also a Defendant in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit. The ongoing court cases and investigations in New York and then Florida will all be subject to appeal because they emanate from the complaints filed in the First Dept and First DDC and many agencies may have relied upon the decisions in making their decisions. Due to the material Fraud on the Courts and Fraud inside investigatory agencies committed, through a never-ending series of Conflicts of Interest that act to Obstruct Justice leading to a denial of due process and procedure which influenced the outcomes of my complaints, all complaints and investigations will need to be removed from the persistent and continued conflicts of interest at play in New York and re-examined. Without conflicts, the proverbial peeling of the onion will begin, revealing a massive criminal organization led by corrupted law firms inside Public Offices to make the Tammany Hall Scandal in New York of Boss Tweeds day seem like a parking infraction. On information and belief, another Whistleblower also has emerged from the First Dept, a one Nicole Corrado (Corrado), allegedly threatened by a First DDC official on her way to give a deposition in the Anderson case. On information and belief, Corrados own claims center upon sexual misconduct allegations. Corrado has been on leave since the Federal Witness Tampering allegations surfaced. Also of note is that on June 28, 2007 an article appeared in Expose Corrupt Courts that further illustrates just how out of control the ETHICS departments are, titled, Sex Scandal at the Attorney Committee on Character & Fitness, which may have been part of the cause for the departure of Cahill from the First DDC. The story at, http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2007/06/sex-scandal-at-attorney-committee-on.html Hard to believe? Harder to believe that almost all of the ongoing problems in the United States at this time, from the WallStreet Meltdown, to lax or complicit State and Federal Regulators allowing a fleecing of the markets and the Peoples home equity to their 401ks, to Violations of War Crime Statutes and Torture Treatises, all center around lawyers complicity and involvement in crimes. All involve further derailing of justice as described by Anderson, whereby complaints against our leaders are whitewashed illegally to deflect prosecution. In almost all instances, the lawyers come from the state of New York and almost all in the hub of corruption Anderson defines at the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department. This sad but true fact of lawyers gone bad evidenced in the Schemes of Madoff, Dreier and Stanford finds lawyers and regulators center stage in the scandals, again many are also Defendants in my RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit. Lawyers alleged to be rigging banking laws in Florida to allow the Stanford Ponzi to exist in the first place. Or, directly lax and complicit lawyers, acting as regulators in the Madoff and Stanford Schemes and in both of these, Proskauer and other Defendant lawyers and law firms in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST lawsuit again tied at the center of the scandals. Apparently, after committing crimes or covering them up through the MISUSE of Public Offices, these dirty rotten lawyers and regulators then hired back to the Criminal Enterprise Law Firms and rewarded with partnerships. One should question why these lawyers are leaving highly paid and comfortable law firm partnerships to take jobs as civil servants in the first place. To prevent conflict, thorough screenings of lawyers and regulators, prior to involvement with cases directly tied to their law firms are mandatory but again we find with no regulators regulating, a complete breakdown of conflict laws allows a further mass of crimes. January 05, 2010 The AmLaw Daily TPM Shines Spotlight on Allen Stanfords Lawyers by Brian Baxter  http://amlawdaily.typepad.com/amlawdaily/2010/01/stanfords-lawyers.html SEC regulatory failures and Public Pressure for change resulting from Past Administration Regulatory Failures The SEC may have internal problems of its own relating to the Iviewit matters and conflicted cross currents to SEC actions already underway, in relation to Iviewit matters evidenced herein and therefore for several reasons oversight of the SEC must be instituted going forward and why this Formal Complaint includes addressing to the Inspector General for the SEC. With SEC failures now public and a lawsuit for such failures filed recently, the fact that the events herein are during the time where regulatory failure was the SOP (Standard Operating Procedure) at the SEC that led to the recent meltdown of our economy, all these events may have started as efforts to derail SEC investigations into the Iviewit matters. I, therefore respectfully request, that the SEC sign the attached Conflict of Interest Disclosure, prior to ANY action in these matters and by all those charged with handling these matters prior to any involvement or decisions. I also request the SEC to call in immediate oversight authorities if investigation or even reviewing the matters, including but not limited to, the Inspector General whom I already summoned herein. All SEC oversight, Congressional Committees, etc., should be notified to review what, if anything, has occurred in the many years since the SEC had knowledge of criminal allegations resulting from the Iviewit matters with the Boca PD and in the more recent Formal Complaints against major Blue Chip Companies. Oversight to determine if SEC agents involved thus far have followed procedure already in these matters. While your investigation may or may not include my personal involvement the investigation, the investigations need to relegate Conflict of Interest prior to allowing conflicts to seep in and derail due process. As Conflicts of Interest are center stage in my Federal RICO and ANTITRUST Lawsuit and Public Office violations are already being investigated and further where those Conflicts have led now to criminal allegations against all those who have been found conflicted, as conspirators in the overall RICO and ANTITRUST, an ounce of prevention will be worth its weight in gold. The following public information from recent Press stories concerns me gravely but I reserve my judgment of the SECs investigation into all of these matters, including the Iviewit investigation dating far back regarding the Boca Raton PD, until the matters are formally reviewed and addressed per SEC formal complaint procedures. Yet, in the interim, I fear Stockholders of these major companies complained about herein may be horribly compromised in such time and therefore request that the SEC, in order to protect the Shareholders, immediately put restraints on all transactions of these companies named herein and in exhibit. Freezing assets and/or other injunctive actions by the SEC instantly should be enacted to halt further crimes against the Shareholders of the complained of companies and the Injured Ponzi victims. Actions that should last until all of these matters described herein are reviewed by the SEC or sent for a Special Prosecutor to investigate if conflicts are found to already exist. All of these matters described herein must now be reviewed by appropriate oversight and fully adjudicated by all State, Federal and International Authorities who are conducting ongoing investigations of ANY of the matters before further harms can occur to the People.  SEC REPORT - Investigation of Failure of the SEC to Uncover Bernard Madoffs Ponzi Scheme - Public Version - August 31, 2009 Report No. OIG-509http://www.sec.gov/news/studies/2009/oig-509.pdf The SEC and other investigators addressed herein should pay particular attention to the role of Jacqueline Wood, of Proskauer Rose LLP, a former Staff Attorney for the Securities and Exchange Commission, who is central to the SEC regulatory failures and mentioned throughout the report. SEC Sued Over Failure To Disclose Post-Madoff Reforms January 06, 2010 by Nick Pinto @ TPM Media LLC.SEC SUED ARTICLE The New York Times ~ The S.E.C.s Whistleblower Problem January 21, 2010 by Legal Bloghttp://dealbook.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/01/21/the-secs-whistle-blower-problem  The Washington Post ~ At SEC, the system can be deaf to whistleblowing January 21, 2010 by Zachary A. Goldfarb Washington Post Staff Writerhttp://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/01/20/AR2010012005125.html?dbk The reason for mentioning these internal regulatory problems currently and in the past is that the SEC now has the ability to tie all these investigations together to the Iviewit matters and prevent Shareholder Fraud on Companies complained of herein and in the attached exhibits and links. This presents an opportunity for the SEC to regain trust and confidence of the public and preclude future lawsuits by injured Shareholders against the SEC and many others. This is not regulatory failure or lack of regulation being complained of herein, these are very real federal allegations of criminal acts committed with Scienter to disable regulatory agencies so that the Criminal Enterprise disguised as Law Firms and Judges can commit crimes without fear of repercussions. Where the criminals may have infiltrated regulatory agencies in the past, it is now time for the SEC to show that it will not allow MAJOR CRIMES on SHAREHOLDERS of BLUE CHIP COMPANIES to continue after receiving legitimate complaints. More importantly for those handling these matters at the SEC is that the SEC is not found COMPLICIT in aiding and abetting the crimes.Certainly, with the new information contained in this Formal Complaint, the SEC will forthright address these issues before exposure to massive liabilities results from failure to investigate and stop the crimes, which is allowing these complained of companies fraudulently to manipulate their corporate stocks. These fraudulent securities transactions possibly being structured to the detriment of Shareholders Worldwide in these most heavily traded blue chip companies must be stopped immediately while formal investigations are undertaken. At this time, however, as noted in my Feb. 2009 letter to the Office of the US President Barack Hussein Obama II and the US Attorney General Eric Holder, I wish to bring to your direct attention the identities of several federal offices already involved in this ongoing national and international Intellectual Properties theft and fraud.February 13, 2009 Letter to President Barack Obama http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090213%20FINAL%20SIGNED%20LETTER%20OBAMA%20TO%20ENJOIN%20US%20ATTORNEY%20FINGERED%20ORIGINAL%20MAIL%20l.pdfPlease note that I provide the FBI and SEC and its various Office and Division heads this background solely as a starting point for full and proper investigations of Warner Bros et al. and related parties in this matter. I remain personally available to provide further information as necessary. It should be noted that a wealth of the history of these matters with additional evidence is available at my website www.iviewit.tv, including links to the current federal complaint filed in the US Court of Appeals 2nd Circuit and the complaint filed with the US District Court  Southern District of New York. List of Current Ongoing Federal, State & International InvestigationsInvestigations that will aid and facilitate the SEC with background information for the proper performance of complete investigations by the SEC allowing for information sharing with these agencies, some of the key offices are as follows: Glenn A. Fine, Office of Inspector General of the US Department of Justice Commissioner of Patents, US Patent Office Harry Moatz, Director, Office of Enrollment & Discipline of the US Patent Office Hon. Chairman John Conyers, United States House Judiciary Committee Hon. Dianne Feinstein, United States Senate Judiciary Committee Senator John L. Sampson, Chairman, New York Senate Judiciary Committee Inspector General Tax Inspector General SBA A List of Ongoing Federal, State & International Actions can be found @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/INVESTIGATIONS%20MASTER.htm .EXHIBIT 1Warner Bros. ContactsNew Contacts Left Message of Shareholder Liabilities1. Barry M. Meyer ~ Chairman and CEO: 2. Alan F. Horn ~ President and COO: 3. Edward A. Romano ~ EVP and CFO: Past Contacts under NDA, Patent Confidentialities and Licensing Agreement4. Wayne M. Smith ~ Vice President and Chief Patent Counsel: 5. Massimiliano Gasparri ~ Director Multimedia Technology:6. Lawrence S. Kelly ~ Director Strategic Planning & Business Development7. Brent Roberts ~ Director: Workstation Systems WB Online8. Thomas Sanford9. Jeremy Wall ~ Manager Business Development - Warner Bros. New Media10. Clarissa C. Weirick ~ Vice President General Counsel, New Media: 11. Ray Caldito ~ Director of Business Development:12. Charles L. Dages ~ Senior Vice President Technology Emerging Technology New Media: Colter and Thagard Direct Report, Oversaw Iviewit technology evaluations, etc.13. David J. Colter ~ Vice President Technology - Technological Operations Warner Bros.14. Greg B. Thagard ~ Vice President Advanced Technology Technical Operations:15. Carolyn Wessling ~ Director of Business and Legal Affairs16. Spencer H. C. Yu ~ Director Business & Legal Affairs17. Michael Rackman ~ Counsel Patents: Colter sent patent info18. Alan Rubenstein ~ Counsel Patents: Colter sent patent info19. John D. Calkins ~ Senior Vice President New Media Business Development20. Chris Cookson ~ Executive VP Technology Operations: Key decision maker in licensing deal with Iviewit21. Kevin Tsujihara ~ Executive Vice President: Introduced Iviewit to Dages after review22. Wendy Aylsworth ~ Vice President Technology23. Michael Tritter ~ Chief Administrative Assistant to Don Buckley: Referred by Don Buckley, Sam Smith and Chuck Dages to expand Iviewit technologies across all sites and domains24. Don Buckley ~ Senior Vice President Theatrical Public Relations:25. Alan Bell ~ Senior Vice President, Technical Operations:26. Larry Fischer ~ Director Operations & Engineering:27. Kevin Froning ~ Director Engineering & Maintenance28. Michael Carroll ~ Senior Staff Scientist, Network Architecture29. Beattie Katie ~ Warner Online30. Morgan Keiser ~ Warner Online31. Jennifer Stewart ~ Software Specialist Advanced Technology32. Houston T. ~ Manager of Multimedia33. Sam Smith ~ Vice President Advanced Technology34. Katie Beattie ~ Manager of Business Development35. Guy Vardaman ~ Director Production & Original Programming36. Karen Miller ~ Vice President Content Programming37. Morgan Hall ~ Senior Producer of Original ProgrammingAOL, Inc. ContactsRecent Contacts38. Tim Armstrong ~ Chairman and CEO: Contacted Regarding Shareholder Liabilities from Infringement and Lawsuit39. Ira Parker ~ General Counsel and Executive Vice President, Corporate Development: Contacted Regarding Shareholder Liabilities from Infringement and Lawsuit40. Christopher Day ~ Assistant General Counsel - Patent Litigation, Prosecution, and Licensing: Contacted Regarding Shareholder Liabilities from Infringement and Lawsuit41. Jerry McKinley ~ Executive Escalation Team: Contacted Regarding Shareholder Liabilities from Infringement and LawsuitPast Contacts involved directly with Iviewit and under NDAs etc.42. Ted Leonsis ~ Vice Chairman and New Product Officer: Colter contacted and he referred to Raduchel and others43. Stephen M. Case ~ Chairman of the Board44. William J. Bill Raduchel ~ Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President  Leonsis referred the Iviewit investment information to Raduchel for review.45. Steven Blumenfeld ~ Vice President, Advanced Services-AOL by Phone, AOL Time Warner: Patents sent to him and NDA46. Janet Hall ~ Technical Director ~ referred to Iviewit by Ted Leonsis and Chuck Brunelas. Meetings in Nov. 200047. Ted Maidenberg ~ Senior Analyst: Ted spoke to Hank Powell, Iviewit Investor from Crossbow Ventures of West Palm Beach regarding AOL investment in Iviewit.48. Matt McConnell ~ Director, Business Affairs & Development: Worked with William Raduchel.49. Mario Vecchi ~ Head of Broadband Technology, reviewed and passed the information to David Corboy, senior director of technology.50. Heidi Krauel ~ Associate Business Affairs: Part of AOL review for investment group51. Velvet Carter ~ Executive Assistant for Mario Vecchi: In August 2000 presented the technologies and she presented them to M. Vecchi52. Amy Hyde-Juarez ~ AOL Streaming Services53. Gerald M. Levin ~ Chief Executive Officer of AOL Time Warner Inc.:Time Warner Contacts54. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Jeffrey L. BewkesExecutive Vice President and General Counsel of Time Warner Inc.: Paul T. CappucciRespectfully Yours, ______________________Eliot I. BernsteinFounder & InventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporationcc/ec:The Honorable Elena KaganSolicitor GeneralUS Department of JusticeRobert S. Mueller, III.DirectorFederal Bureau of InvestigationCandice M. WillAssistant Director, Office of Professional ResponsibilityFederal Bureau of InvestigationChris P. MercerPresidentInstitute of Professional Representatives before the European Patent Office (epi)Steven Michael CohenCounselor and Chief of Staff for Andrew CuomoNew York Office of the Attorney GeneralJoseph M. Demarest, Jr.FBI Assistant Director in Charge of the New York Division, 26 Federal Plaza, 23rd FloorNew York, NY 10278-0004David A. PatersonGovernorNew York StateNew York Senate Judiciary CommitteeMembers:sampson@senate.state.ny.us ; onorato@senate.state.ny.us ; schneiderman@schneiderman.org ; schneiderman@senate.state.ny.us ; hassellt@senate.state.ny.us ; diaz@senate.state.ny.us ; jdklein@senate.state.ny.us ; eadams@senate.state.ny.us ; espada@senate.state.ny.us ; breslin@senate.state.ny.us ; dilan@senate.state.ny.us ; savino@senate.state.ny.us ; perkins@senate.state.ny.us ; maziarz@senate.state.ny.us ; jdefranc@senate.state.ny.us ; volker@senate.state.ny.us ; saland@senate.state.ny.us ; lavalle@senate.state.ny.us ; bonacic@senate.state.ny.us ; winner@senate.state.ny.us ; nozzolio@senate.state.ny.us ; lanza@senate.state.ny.us ; ranz@senate.state.ny.us ; spotts@senate.state.ny.us .Hon. Andrew CuomoAttorney GeneralOffice of the Attorney GeneralThe CapitolAlbany, NY 12224-0341and120 BroadwayNew York City, NY10271-0332Monica Connell, Esq.Assistant Attorney General - Division of State Counsel Litigation Bureau, State of New York Office of the Attorney General120 BroadwayNew York City, NY10271-0332Thomas P. DiNapoliComptrollerState of New YorkRobert Morris MorgenthauDistrict Attorney of New York CountyOne Hogan PlaceNew York, NY 10013212-335-9000Lovett & Bellatoni37A Saw Mill River Road, RT 9AHawthorne, NY 10532NY TIMESWASHINGTON POSTCNBCRACHEL MADDOWOther Select MediaSelect Iviewit Shareholders and Patent Interest OwnersEnclosure(s)/Attachment(s)Uniform Resource Locator(s) All Uniform Resource Locators ( URLs) and Exhibited Links are incorporated in entirety by reference herein, including the over 1000 evidentiary links on the homepage at www.iviewit.tv cmb/eib17238exhibit 2Conflict of Interest Disclosure FormFailure to comply may result in criminal and civil charges against you!Please accept and return signed the following Conflict of Interest Disclosure Form (COI) before continuing further with adjudication, review or investigation of the attached OFFICIAL FORMAL COMPLAINT SENT BY OFFICIAL SEC EMAIL AND OFFICIAL EMAIL ADDRESSES TO OTHER INVESTIGATORY AGENCIES AND COMMITTEES ADDRESSED HEREIN, AGAINST WARNER BROS. ENTERTAINMENT, INC., AOL INC. AND TIME WARNER, REGARDING TRILLION DOLLAR ALLEGED FRAUD ON SHAREHOLDERS; FASB NO. 5 AND OTHER SEC, ACCOUNTING VIOLATIONS AND VIOLATIONS OF STATE, FEDERAL AND INTERNATIONAL LAWS; RESCISSORY RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS; EVIDENCE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR THE SEC REGARDING ONGOING SEC INVESTIGATIONS OF BERNARD L. MADOFF, MARC S. DREIER, ALLEN STANFORD, PROSKAUER ROSE, GALLEON ENRON BROADBAND, ENRON, ARTHUR ANDERSEN, AND MORE. This Conflict of Interest Disclosure Form designed to ensure that the review and any determinations from such review of the enclosed materials are not biased by any conflicting financial interest or any other conflicting interest by those reviewers responsible for the handling of this confidential information. Whereby any conflict with any of the main alleged perpetrators listed in the attached List of Parties of the alleged crimes referenced in these matters or any other perpetrators not know at this time must fully be disclosed and affirmed in writing and returned for review prior to any action on your part. Disclosure forms with Yes answers by any party to any of the following questions are demanded not to open the remainder of the documents or opine in any manner and instead forward the matters on to the next available reviewer that is free of conflict that can sign and complete the requisite disclosure. Please identify conflicts that you have in writing upon terminating your involvement in the matters. As many of these alleged perpetrators are large law firms, members of various state and federal courts and officers of federal, state and local law enforcement agencies, careful review and disclosure of any conflict with those named herein is pertinent in your continued handling of these matters. As these matters involve claims of, including but not limited to, conflicts, violations of public offices, interference with complaints in the Supreme Court of New York, coercion, document destruction, obstructions of justice, tampering with Federal Witnesses, RICO, ATTEMPTED MURDER, the need for prescreening for conflict is essential to the administration of due process in these matters to avoid further OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. Federal Judge Shira A. Scheindlin has legally related these matters to a Whistleblower Lawsuit who alleges similar claims of public office corruption against Supreme Court of New York personnel and possibly others. Please take this as a formal written request for full disclosure of any conflict on your part to any related matters known or unknown, such request conforming with all applicable state and federal laws, public office rules and regulations, attorney conduct codes and judicial canons or other international law and treatises requiring disclosure of conflicts and recusal from matters where conflict precludes involvement.Failure to comply with all applicable conflict disclosure rules, regulations and laws prior to continued action on your part will be cause for the filing of complaints against you for any decisions or actions you make prior to a signed Conflict Of Interest Disclosure Form with all applicable regulatory agencies. Complaints will be filed with all appropriate authorities, including but not limited to the appropriate, Federal, State, Local and International Law Enforcement Agencies, Public Integrity Officials, Judicial Conduct Officials, State and Federal Bar Associations, Disciplinary Departments and any/all other appropriate oversight agencies for failing to follow well established rules and regulations governing public office conflict, attorney conduct conflicts, judicial conduct and law.I. Do you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate have, any direct or indirect relations (relationships), or interest in any outside entity or any direct or indirect relations (relationships) to the parties listed in attached LIST OF PARTIES to the proceeding of the matters you are reviewing?_____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any identified conflicted parties on a separate and attached sheet. Fully disclose all information regarding the conflict. If the answer is YES, please describe the relations, relationships and / or interests and please affirm whether such presents a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind. Please indicate if you are seeking waiver of the conflict(s) or will be disqualifying from involvement in these matters.II. Do you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate have, any direct or indirect relations (relationships), or interest in any outside entity or any direct or indirect relations (relationships) to Any other known or unknown person or known or unknown entity not named herein that will cause your review of the complaint you are charged with investigating to be biased by any conflicting past, present, or future financial interest or any other interest(s)?_____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any identified conflicted parties on a separate and attached sheet. Fully disclose all information regarding the conflict. If the answer is YES, please describe the relations, relationships and / or interests and please affirm whether such presents a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind. Please indicate if you are seeking waiver of the conflict(s) or will be disqualifying from involvement in these matters.III. Do you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate, receive salary or other remuneration or financial considerations from any entity related to the enclosed parties to the proceeding of the matters including but not limited to campaign contributions whether direct, in kind or of any type at all?_____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any consideration(s) on a separate and attached sheet fully disclosing all information regarding the consideration(s). If the answer is Yes, please describe the relations, relationships and / or interests and please affirm whether such presents a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind. Please indicate if you are seeking waiver of the conflict(s) or will be disqualifying from involvement in these matters.IV. Have you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate, had any prior communication(s), including but not limited to, phone, facsimile, e-mail, mail, verbal, etc. with any person related to the proceeding of the Iviewit or related matters?_____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any identified communication(s) on a separate and attached sheet fully disclosing all information regarding the communication(s). If the answer is YES, please describe the communication(s) in detail, including but not limited to, who was present, what type of communication, the date and time, please affirm whether such communication(s) present a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind.V. I have run a thorough and exhaustive Conflict of Interest check to conform with any and all state, federal or local laws, public office rules and regulations, judicial cannons, attorney conduct codes and any other professional association rules and regulations regarding disclosure of any conflict(s) to verify that my spouse, my dependents, and I in the aggregate, have no conflict(s) with any parties to the matters referenced herein._____NO ____YESVI. I have notified all parties with any liabilities regarding my continued actions in these matters, including state auditors and agencies, insurance concerns or any other person with liability that may result from my actions in these matters._____NO ____YESLIST OF PARTIES Proskauer Rose, LLP; Alan S. Jaffe - Chairman Of The Board - (Jaffe); Kenneth Rubenstein - (Rubenstein); Robert Kafin - Managing Partner - (Kafin); Christopher C. Wheeler - (Wheeler); Steven C. Krane - (Krane); Stephen R. Kaye - (S. Kaye) and in his estate with New York Supreme Court Chief Judge Judith Kaye (J. Kaye); Matthew Triggs - (Triggs); Christopher Pruzaski - (Pruzaski); Mara Lerner Robbins - (Robbins); Donald Thompson - (Thompson); Gayle Coleman; David George; George A. Pincus; Gregg Reed; Leon Gold - (Gold); Albert Gortz - (Gortz); Marcy Hahn-Saperstein; Kevin J. Healy - (Healy); Stuart Kapp; Ronald F. Storette; Chris Wolf; Jill Zammas; FULL LIST OF 601 liable Proskauer Partners; any other John Doe (John Doe) Proskauer partner, affiliate, company, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Proskauer ROSE LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Proskauer related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; MELTZER, LIPPE, GOLDSTEIN, WOLF & SCHLISSEL, P.C.; Lewis Melzter - (Meltzer); Raymond Joao - (Joao); Frank Martinez - (Martinez); Kenneth Rubenstein - (Rubenstein); FULL LIST OF 34 Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C. liable Partners; any other John Doe (John Doe) Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C. partner, affiliate, company, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C.; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; FOLEY & LARDNER LLP; Ralf Boer (Boer); Michael Grebe (Grebe); Christopher Kise (Kise); William J. Dick - (Dick); Steven C. Becker - (Becker); Douglas Boehm - (Boehm); Barry Grossman - (Grossman); Jim Clark - (Clark); any other John Doe (John Doe) Foley & Lardner partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Foley & Lardner; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Foley & Lardner related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP; Richard Schiffrin - (Schiffrin); Andrew Barroway - (Barroway); Krishna Narine - (Narine); any other John Doe (John Doe) Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP; Norman Zafman - (Zafman); Thomas Coester - (Coester); Farzad Ahmini - (Ahmini); George Hoover - (Hoover); any other John Doe (John Doe) Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP; Martyn W. Molyneaux - (Molyneaux); Michael Dockterman - (Dockterman); FULL LIST OF 198 Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP liable Partners; any other John Doe (John Doe) Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Christopher & Weisberg, P.A.; Alan M. Weisberg - (Weisberg); any other John Doe (John Doe) Christopher & Weisberg, P.A. partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Christopher & Weisberg, P.A.; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Christopher & Weisberg, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; YAMAKAWA INTERNATIONAL PATENT OFFICE; Masaki Yamakawa - (Yamakawa); any other John Doe (John Doe) Yamakawa International Patent Office partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Yamakawa International Patent Office; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Yamakawa International Patent Office related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; GOLDSTEIN LEWIN & CO.; Donald J. Goldstein - (Goldstein); Gerald R. Lewin - (Lewin); Erika Lewin - (E. Lewin); Mark R. Gold; Paul Feuerberg; Salvatore Bochicchio; Marc H. List; David A. Katzman; Robert H. Garick; Robert C. Zeigen; Marc H. List; Lawrence A. Rosenblum; David A. Katzman; Brad N. Mciver; Robert Cini; any other John Doe (John Doe) Goldstein & Lewin Co. partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Goldstein & Lewin Co.; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Goldstein & Lewin Co. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; INTEL Corporation; Silicon Graphics Inc.; Lockheed Martin Corporation; Real 3D, Inc. (SILICON GRAPHICS, INC., LOCKHEED MARTIN & INTEL) & RYJO; Gerald Stanley - (Stanley); Ryan Huisman - (Huisman); RYJO - (RYJO); Tim Connolly - (Connolly); Steve Cochran; David Bolton; Rosalie Bibona - (Bibona); Connie Martin; Richard Gentner; Steven A. Behrens; Matt Johannsen; any other John Doe (John Doe) Intel, Real 3D, Inc. (Silicon Graphics, Inc., Lockheed Martin & Intel) & RYJO partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Intel, Real 3D, Inc. (Silicon Graphics, Inc., Lockheed Martin & Intel) & RYJO; Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Intel, Real 3D, Inc. (Silicon Graphics, Inc., Lockheed Martin & Intel) & RYJO related or affiliated entities, and any successor companies both individually and professionally; Tiedemann Investment Group; Bruce T. Prolow (Prolow); Carl Tiedemann (C. Tiedemann); Andrew Philip Chesler; Craig L. Smith; any other John Doe (John Doe) Tiedemann Investment Group partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Tiedemann Investment Group and any other Tiedemann Investment Group related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners; Stephen J. Warner - (Warner); Rene P. Eichenberger - (Eichenberger); H. Hickman Hank Powell - (Powell); Maurice Buchsbaum - (Buchsbaum); Eric Chen - (Chen); Avi Hersh; Matthew Shaw - (Shaw); Bruce W. Shewmaker - (Shewmaker); Ravi M. Ugale - (Ugale); any other John Doe (John Doe) Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners and any other Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; BROAD & CASSEL; James J. Wheeler - (J. Wheeler); Kelly Overstreet Johnson - (Johnson); any other John Doe (John Doe) Broad & Cassell partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Broad & Cassell and any other Broad & Cassell related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; FORMER IVIEWIT MANAGEMENT & BOARD; Brian G. Utley/Proskauer Referred Management - (Utley); Raymond Hersh - (Hersh)/; Michael Reale - (Reale)/Proskauer Referred Management; Rubenstein/Proskauer Rose Shareholder in Iviewit - Advisory Board; Wheeler/Proskauer Rose Shareholder in Iviewit - Advisory Board; Dick/Foley & Lardner - Advisory Board, Boehm/Foley & Lardner - Advisory Board; Becker/Foley & Lardner; Advisory Board; Joao/Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolfe & Schlissel - Advisory Board; Kane/Goldman Sachs - Board Director; Lewin/Goldstein Lewin - Board Director; Ross Miller, Esq. (Miller), Prolow/Tiedemann Prolow II - Board Director; Powell/Crossbow Ventures/Proskauer Referred Investor - Board Director; Maurice Buchsbaum - Board Director; Stephen Warner - Board Director; Simon L. Bernstein  Board Director (S. Bernstein); any other John Doe (John Doe) Former Iviewit Management & Board partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Former Iviewit Management & Board and any other Former Iviewit Management & Board related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT - WEST PALM BEACH FLORIDA; Judge Jorge LABARGA - (Labarga); any other John Doe (John Doe) FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT - WEST PALM BEACH FLORIDA staff, known or not known to have been involved at the time. Hereinafter, collectively referred to as (15C); THE SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION: FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT, DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE; Thomas Cahill - (Cahill); Joseph Wigley - (Wigley); Steven Krane, any other John Doe (John Doe) of THE SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION: FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT, DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE staff, known or not known to have been involved at the time; THE FLORIDA BAR; Lorraine Christine Hoffman - (Hoffman); Eric Turner - (Turner); Kenneth Marvin - (Marvin); Anthony Boggs - (Boggs); Joy A. Bartmon - (Bartmon); Kelly Overstreet Johnson - (Johnson); Jerald Beer - (Beer); Matthew Triggs; Christopher or James Wheeler; any other John Doe (John Doe) The Florida Bar staff, known or not known to have been involved at the time; MPEGLA, LLC.  Kenneth Rubenstein, Patent Evaluator; Licensors and Licensees, please visit www.mpegla.com for a complete list; Columbia University; Fujitsu Limited; General Instrument Corp; Lucent Technologies Inc.; Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.; Mitsubishi Electric Corp.; Philips Electronics N.V. (Philips); Scientific Atlanta, Inc.; Sony Corp. (Sony); EXTENDED LIST OF MPEGLA LICENSEES AND LICENSORS; any other John Doe MPEGLA, LLC. Partner, Associate, Engineer, Of Counsel or Employee; any other John Doe (John Doe) MPEGLA, LLC partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to MPEGLA, LLC and any other MPEGLA, LLC related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; DVD6C LICENSING GROUP - Licensors and Licensees, please visit www.mpegla.com for a complete list; Toshiba Corporation; Hitachi, Ltd.; Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd.; Mitsubishi Electric Corporation; Time Warner Inc.; Victor Company Of Japan, Ltd.; EXTENDED DVD6C DEFENDANTS; any other John Doe DVD6C LICENSING GROUP Partner, Associate, Engineer, Of Counsel or Employee; any other John Doe (John Doe) DVD6C LICENSING GROUP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to DVD6C LICENSING GROUP and any other DVD6C LICENSING GROUP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Harrison Goodard Foote incorporating Brewer & Son; Martyn Molyneaux, Esq. (Molyneaux); Any other John Doe (John Doe) Harrison Goodard Foote (incorporating Brewer & Son) partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Harrison Goodard Goote incorporating Brewer & Son and any other related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Lawrence DiGiovanna, Chairman of the Grievance Committee of the Second Judicial Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee;  James E. Peltzer, Clerk of the Court of the Appellate Division, Supreme Court of the State of New York, Second Judicial Department; Diana Kearse, Chief Counsel to the Grievance Committee of the Second Judicial Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee;  Houston & Shahady, P.A., any other John Doe (John Doe) Houston & Shahady, P.A., affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Houston & Shahady, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Furr & Cohen, P.A. any other John Doe (John Doe) Furr & Cohen, P.A., affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Furr & Cohen, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Moskowitz, Mandell, Salim & Simowitz, P.A., any other John Doe (John Doe) Moskowitz, Mandell, Salim & Simowitz, P.A., affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Moskowitz, Mandell, Salim & Simowitz, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and any other related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Sachs Saxs & Klein, PA any other John Doe (John Doe) Sachs Saxs & Klein, PA, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Sachs Saxs & Klein, PA related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Huizenga Holdings Incorporated any other John Doe (John Doe) Huizenga Holdings Incorporated affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Huizenga Holdings Incorporated related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally; Judge Martin Glenn, New York Southern District Bankruptcy; Judge Shira A. Scheindlin; Davis Polk & Wardell; Ropes & Gray LLP; Sullivan & Cromwell LLP; Eliot I. Bernstein, (Bernstein) a resident of the State of California, and former President (Acting) of Iviewit Holdings, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries and the founder of Iviewit and principal inventor of its technology; P. Stephen Lamont, (Lamont) a resident of the State of New York, and former Chief Executive Officer (Acting) of Iviewit Holdings, Inc. and all of its affiliates and subsidiaries; SKULL AND BONES;  The Russell Trust Co.;  Yale Law School; Council on Foreign Relations; The Bilderberg Group; The Federalist Society; The Bradley Foundation; The Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation;Please include in the COI check the defendants and any other parties in the legally related cases in New York District Court Southern District of New York to Docket No 07cv09599 Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT, including but not limited to;A. United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit 08-4873-cv B. (07cv11196) Bernstein et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. - TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUIT Defendants, in addition to those already listed herein, include but are not limited to; STATE OF NEW YORK; THE OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION OF THE UNIFIED COURT SYSTEM; STEVEN C. KRANE in his official and individual Capacities for the New York State Bar Association and the Appellate Division First Department Departmental disciplinary Committee, and, his professional and individual capacities as a Proskauer partner; ESTATE OF STEPHEN KAYE, in his professional and individual capacities; MATTHEW M. TRIGGS in his official and individual capacity for The Florida Bar and his professional and individual capacities as a partner of Proskauer; JON A. BAUMGARTEN, in his professional and individual capacities; SCOTT P. COOPER, in his professional and individual capacities; BRENDAN J. OROURKE, in his professional and individual capacities; LAWRENCE I. WEINSTEIN, in his professional and individual capacities; WILLIAM M. HART, in his professional and individual capacities; DARYN A. GROSSMAN, in his professional and individual capacities; JOSEPH A. CAPRARO JR., in his professional and individual capacities; JAMES H. SHALEK; in his professional and individual capacities; GREGORY MASHBERG, in his professional and individual capacities; JOANNA SMITH, in her professional and individual capacities; TODD C. NORBITZ, in his professional and individual capacities; ANNE SEKEL, in his professional and individual capacities; JIM CLARK, in his professional and individual capacities; STATE OF FLORIDA, OFFICE OF THE STATE COURTS ADMINISTRATOR, FLORIDA; FLORIDA SUPREME COURT; HON. CHARLES T. WELLS, in his official and individual capacities; HON. HARRY LEE ANSTEAD, in his official and individual capacities; HON. R. FRED LEWIS, in his official and individual capacities; HON. PEGGY A. QUINCE, in his official and individual capacities; HON. KENNETH B. BELL, in his official and individual capacities; THOMAS HALL, in his official and individual capacities; DEBORAH YARBOROUGH in her official and individual capacities; DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL REGULATION  FLORIDA; CITY OF BOCA RATON, FLA.; ROBERT FLECHAUS in his official and individual capacities; ANDREW SCOTT in his official and individual capacities; PAUL CURRAN in his official and individual capacities; MARTIN R. GOLD in his official and individual capacities; SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION FIRST DEPARTMENT; CATHERINE OHAGEN WOLFE in her official and individual capacities; HON. ANGELA M. MAZZARELLI in her official and individual capacities; HON. RICHARD T. ANDRIAS in his official and individual capacities; HON. DAVID B. SAXE in his official and individual capacities; HON. DAVID FRIEDMAN in his official and individual capacities;  HON. LUIZ A. GONZALES in his official and individual capacities;  SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT;  SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND DEPARTMENT DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE; HON. A. GAIL PRUDENTI in her official and individual capacities; HON. JUDITH S. KAYE in her official and individual capacities; STATE OF NEW YORK COMMISSION OF INVESTIGATION; ANTHONY CARTUSCIELLO in his official and individual capacities; LAWYERS FUND FOR CLIENT PROTECTION OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK;  OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK; ELIOT SPITZER in his official and individual capacities, as both former Attorney General for the State of New York, and, as former Governor of the State of New York; COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA; VIRGINIA STATE BAR; ANDREW H. GOODMAN in his official and individual capacities; NOEL SENGEL in her official and individual capacities; MARY W. MARTELINO in her official and individual capacities; LIZBETH L. MILLER, in her official and individual capacities; MPEGLA LLC; LAWRENCE HORN, in his professional and individual capacities; INTEL CORP.; LARRY PALLEY, in his professional and individual capacities; SILICON GRAPHICS, INC.;  LOCKHEED MARTIN Corp; EUROPEAN PATENT OFFICE; ALAIN POMPIDOU in his official and individual capacities; WIM VAN DER EIJK in his official and individual capacities; LISE DYBDAHL in her official and personal capacities; DIGITAL INTERACTIVE STREAMS, INC.;  ROYAL OBRIEN, in his professional and individual capacities; HUIZENGA HOLDINGS INCORPORATED, WAYNE HUIZENGA, in his professional and individual capacities; WAYNE HUIZENGA, JR., in his professional and individual capacities; BART A. HOUSTON, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities; BRADLEY S. SCHRAIBERG, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities; WILLIAM G. SALIM, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities; BEN ZUCKERMAN, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities; SPENCER M. SAX, in his professional and individual capacities; ALBERTO GONZALES in his official and individual capacities; JOHNNIE E. FRAZIER in his official and individual capacities; IVIEWIT, INC., a Florida corporation; IVIEWIT, INC., a Delaware corporation; IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Uview.com, Inc.); UVIEW.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation; IVIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Iviewit Holdings, Inc.); IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Florida corporation; IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Florida corporation; I.C., INC., a Florida corporation; IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation; IVIEWIT.COM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; IVIEWIT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; IVIEWIT CORPORATION, a Florida corporation; IBM CORPORATION;C. Other Cases @ US District Court - Southern District NY 07cv09599 Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT; 07cv11196 Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.; 07cv11612 Esposito v The State of New York, et al.; 08cv00526 Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.; 08cv02391 McKeown v The State of New York, et al.; 08cv02852 Galison v The State of New York, et al.; 08cv03305 Carvel v The State of New York, et al.;  08cv4053 Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al.; 08cv4438 Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al.; 08cv6368 John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New York Relevant Sections of Judicial Cannons, Attorney Conduct Codes and LawConflict of interest indicates a situation where a private interest may influence a public decision. Conflict of Interest Laws are laws and regulations designed to prevent conflicts of interest. These laws may contain provisions related to financial or asset disclosure, exploitation of ones official position and privileges, regulation of campaign practices, etc.The Relevant Sections are merely a benchmark guide and other state, federal and international laws may be applicable to your particular circumstances in reviewing or acting in these matters. For a more complete list of applicable sections of law relating to these matters please visithttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/oneofthesedays/index.htm#_Toc107852933New York State Consolidated Laws PenalARTICLE 200 BRIBERY INVOLVING PUBLIC SERVANTS AND RELATED OFFENSESS 200.03 Bribery in the second degreeS 200.04 Bribery in the first degreeS 200.05 Bribery; defenseS 200.10 Bribe receiving in the third degreeS 200.11 Bribe receiving in the second degreeS 200.12 Bribe receiving in the first degreeS 200.15 Bribe receiving; no defenseS 200.20 Rewarding official misconduct in the second degreeS 200.22 Rewarding official misconduct in the first degree S 200.25 Receiving reward for official misconduct in the second degreeS 200.27 Receiving reward for official misconduct in the first degreeS 200.30 Giving unlawful gratuitiesS 200.35 Receiving unlawful gratuitiesS 200.40 Bribe giving and bribe receiving for public office; definition of termS 200.45 Bribe giving for public officeS 200.50 Bribe receiving for public officeARTICLE 175 OFFENSES INVOLVING FALSE WRITTEN STATEMENTSS 175.05 Falsifying business records in the second degree. S 175.10 Falsifying business records in the first degree.S 175.15 Falsifying business records; defenseS 175.20 Tampering with public records in the second degreeS 175.25 Tampering with public records in the first degree S 175.30 Offering a false instrument for filing in the second degreeS 175.35 Offering a false instrument for filing in the first degreeNY Constitution ARTICLE XIII Public OfficersPublic Officers - Public Officers ARTICLE 1ARTICLE 2 Appointment and Qualification of Public Officers - ARTICLE 15 ATTORNEYS AND COUNSELORSS 468-b. Clients` security fund of the state of New YorkS 476-a. Action for unlawful practice of the lawS 476-b. Injunction to restrain defendant from unlawful practice of the lawS 476-c. Investigation by the attorney-generalS 487. Misconduct by attorneysS 488. Buying demands on which to bring an action.Public Officers Law SEC 73 Restrictions on the Activities Of Current and Former State Officers and EmployeesPublic Officers Law SEC 74 Code of EthicsConflicts of Interest Law, found in Chapter 68 of the New York City Charter, the Citys Financial Disclosure Law, set forth in section 12-110 of the New York City Administrative Code, and the Lobbyist Gift Law, found in sections 3-224 through 3-228 of the Administrative Code.TITLE 18 FEDERAL CODE & OTHER APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAWTITLE 18 PART I CH 11Sec. 201. Bribery of public officials and witnessesSec. 225. - Continuing financial crimes enterpriseBRIBERY, GRAFT, AND CONFLICTS OF INTERESTSec. 205. - Activities of officers and employees in claims against and other matters affecting the GovernmentSec. 208. - Acts affecting a personal financial interestSec. 210. - Offer to procure appointive public officeSec. 225. - Continuing financial crimes enterpriseTITLE 18 PART I CH 79 Sec 1623 - False declarations before grand jury or courtSec 654 - Officer or employee of United States converting property of anotherTITLE 18 PART I CH 73 Sec 1511 - Obstruction of State or local law enforcementTITLE 18 PART I CH 96 Sec 1961 RACKETEER INFLUENCED AND CORRUPT Organizations (RICO)Section 1503 (relating to obstruction of justice),Section 1510 (relating to obstruction of criminal investigations)Section 1511 (relating to the obstruction of State or local law enforcement),Section 1952 (relating to racketeering), Section 1957 (relating to engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specified unlawful activity),TITLE 18 PART I CH 96 SEC 1962 (A) RICOTITLE 18 PART I CH 96 SEC 1962 (B) RICOTITLE 18 PART I CH 96 SEC 1962 (C) RICOtitle 18 part i ch 19 sec 1962 (d) RICOTITLE 18 PART I CH 19 CONSPIRACY Sec 371 CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT OFFENSE OR TO DEFRAUD UNITED STATESTITLE 18 PART I CH 95 RACKETEERING SEC 1957 Engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specified unlawful activityTITLE 18 PART I CH 47 Sec 1031 - Major fraud against the United StatesJudicial CannonsCanon 1. A Judge Should Uphold the Integrity and Independence of the Judiciary [1.1] Deference to the judgments and rulings of courts depends upon public confidence in the integrity and independence of judges. The integrity and independence of judges depends in turn upon their acting without fear or favor. Although judges should be independent, they must comply with the law, including the provisions of this Code. Public confidence in the impartiality of the judiciary is maintained by the adherence of each judge to this responsibility. Conversely, violation of this Code diminishes public confidence in the judiciary and thereby does injury to the system of government under law.Canon 2. A Judge Should Avoid Impropriety and the Appearance of Impropriety in All Activities(A) A judge shall respect and comply with the law and shall act at all times in a manner that promotes public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of the judiciary.[2.2][2A] The prohibition against behaving with impropriety or the appearance of impropriety applies to both the professional and personal conduct of a judge. Because it is not practicable to list all prohibited acts, the proscription is necessarily cast in general terms that extend to conduct by judges that is harmful although not specifically mentioned in the Code. Actual improprieties under this standard include violations of law, court rules or other specific provisions of this Code. The test for appearance of impropriety is whether the conduct would create in reasonable minds a perception that the judges ability to carry out judicial responsibilities with integrity, impartiality and competence is impaired.Canon 3. A Judge Should Perform the Duties of the Office Impartially and Diligently(B) Adjudicative responsibilities.(l) A judge shall be faithful to the law and maintain professional competence in it. A judge shall not be swayed by partisan interests, public clamor or fear of criticism.(2) A judge shall require order and decorum in proceedings before the judge.(D) Disciplinary responsibilities.(1) A judge who receives information indicating a substantial likelihood that another judge has committed a substantial violation of this Part shall take appropriate action.(2) A judge who receives information indicating a substantial likelihood that a lawyer has committed a substantial violation of the Code of Professional Responsibility shall take appropriate action.(3) Acts of a judge in the discharge of disciplinary responsibilities are part of a judges judicial duties.(E) Disqualification.(1) A judge shall disqualify himself or herself in a proceeding in which the judges impartiality might reasonably be questioned[3.11][3B(6)(e)] A judge may delegate the responsibilities of the judge under Canon 3B(6) to a member of the judges staff. A judge must make reasonable efforts, including the provision of appropriate supervision, to ensure that Section 3B(6) is not violated through law clerks or other personnel on the judges staff. This provision does not prohibit the judge or the judges law clerk from informing all parties individually of scheduling or administrative decisions.[3.21][3E(1)] Under this rule, a judge is disqualified whenever the judges impartiality might reasonably be questioned, regardless whether any of the specific rules in Section 3E(1) apply. For example, if a judge were in the process of negotiating for employment with a law firm, the judge would be disqualified from any matters in which that firm appeared, unless the disqualification was waived by the parties after disclosure by the judge. [3.22][3E(1)] A judge should disclose on the record information that the judge believes the parties or their lawyers might consider relevant to the question of disqualification, even if the judge believes there is no real basis for disqualification.Canon 4. A Judge May Engage in Extra-Judicial Activities To Improve the Law, the Legal System, and the Administration of Justice Canon 5. A Judge Should Regulate Extra-Judicial Activities To Minimize the Risk of Conflict with Judicial Duties Public Office Conduct Codes New YorkPUBLIC OFFICERS LAW Laws 1909, Chap. 51.CHAPTER 47 OF THE CONSOLIDATED LAWS PUBLIC OFFICERS LAWSec. 17. Defense and indemnification of state officers and employees.2 (b)Sec. 18. Defense and indemnification of officers and employees of public entities.3 (b)Sec. 74. Code of ethics.(2)(3)(4) 73. Business or professional activities by state officers and employees and party officers.NY Attorney Conduct Code(a) Differing interests include every interest that will adversely affect either the judgment or the loyalty of a lawyer to a client, whether it be a conflicting, inconsistent, diverse, or other interest.CANON 5. A Lawyer Should Exercise Independent Professional Judgment on Behalf of a ClientDR 5-101 [1200.20] Conflicts of Interest - Lawyers Own Interests.DR 5-102 [1200.21] Lawyers as Witnesses.DR 5-103 [1200.22] Avoiding Acquisition of Interest in Litigation.DR 5-104 [1200.23] Transactions Between Lawyer and Client.DR 5-105 [1200.24] Conflict of Interest; Simultaneous Representation.DR 5-108 [1200.27] Conflict of Interest - Former Client.CANON 6. A Lawyer Should Represent a Client CompetentlyCANON 7. A Lawyer Should Represent a Client Zealously Within the Bounds of the LawDR 7-102 [1200.33] Representing a Client Within the Bounds of the Law.DR 7-110 [1200.41] Contact with Officials.DR 8-101 [1200.42] Action as a Public Official.DR 8-103 [1200.44] Lawyer Candidate for Judicial Office.A. A lawyer who is a candidate for judicial office shall comply with section 100.5 of the Chief Administrators Rules Governing Judicial Conduct (22 NYCRR) and Canon 5 of the Code of Judicial Conduct.CANON 9. A Lawyer Should Avoid Even the Appearance of Professional ImproprietyDR 9-101 [1200.45] Avoiding Even the Appearance of Impropriety.I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing statements in this CONFLICT OF INTEREST DISCLOSURE FORM are true and correct. Executed on this ____ day of _______20__. I am aware that any false, fictitious, or fraudulent statements or claims will subject me to criminal, civil, or administrative penalties, including possible culpability in the RICO related crimes including the alleged attempted murder of the inventor Eliot Bernstein and his wife and children in a car-bombing attempt on their lives. I agree to accept responsibility for the unbiased review, and presentation of findings to the appropriate party(ies) who also have executed this CONFLICT OF INTEREST DISCLOSURE FORM. A lack of signature will serve as evidence that I have accepted this document with conflict in the event that I continue to represent the matters without signing such COI first and will be an admission of such conflict(s).Organizations this COI is applicable to for the attached Document:ADDRESSED TO ALL OF THE FOLLOWING PARTIES:SEC, Chairperson Mary Shapiro @ CHAIRMANOFFICE@sec.gov and enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Office of Chief Accountant @ enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Office of International Affairs @ enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Office of International Enforcement Assistance @ enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Division of Enforcement @ enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Office of Internet Enforcement @ enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Division of Corporate Finance @ enforcement@sec.gov,SEC, Division of Corporate Finance Chief Accountants Office ( CF-OCA ) @ , enforcement@sec.govSEC INSPECTOR GENERAL, H. David Kotz @ oig@sec.govINSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, Glenn Fine @ glenn.a.fine@usdoj.gov & oig.hotline@usdoj.gov ,FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION  White Collar Crime Unit and all other appropriate divisions @ Miami@ic.fbi.gov ,HOUSE AND SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEES @ john.conyers@mail.house.gov ,NEW YORK SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE @ members individual email addresses, UNITED STATES ATTORNEY GENERAL, Eric Holder, Jr., @ inspector.general@usdoj.gov & AskDOJ@usdoj.gov TREASURY INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR TAX ADMINISTRATION, David Gouvaia @ Complaints@tigta.treas.gov and david.gouvaia@tigta.treas.gov SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION INSPECTOR GENERAL, Peggy E. Gustafson & Daniel J. ORourke @ daniel.orourke@sba.gov & http://web.sba.gov/oigcss/client/dsp_welcome.cfm Complaint FormUS DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE INSPECTOR GENERAL, Todd J. Zinser @ hotline@oig.doc.gov UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND DIRECTOR OF THE US PATENT OFFICE, David Kappos @ david.kappos@USPTO.gov DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF THE USPTO, Sharon Barner @ Sharon.Barner@USPTO.gov US PATENT OFFICE - OFFICE OF ENROLLMENT AND DISCIPLINE DIRECTOR, Harry I. Moatz @ Harry.Moatz@USPTO.GOV UNITED STATES OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT, The Honorable President of the United States Barack Obama @ Facsimile +1 (202) 456-2461Print Name & Title______________________________________________________________________Signature ____________________________________________ Date________/_________/__________ If you are unable to sign this COI and are therefore unable to continue further to pursue these matters, please attach a statement of whom we may contact as your replacement, a copy can be sent to iviewit@iviewit.tv or the mailing address below:Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DL Uview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tvThat is where the kids would have been!Tags: Add new tag, allen stanford, Andrew Cuomo, Antitrust, AOL, Arthur Andersen, barack obama, barroway, bernard madoff, Brian G. Utley, Bruce Sewell, capital, Car Bomb, Christopher Wheeler, copyright, crossbow ventures, David Kappos, DVD6C, eliot bernstein, Eliot Spitzer, Enron, Enron Broadband, eric holder, Ernst & Young, FASB, Federal Bureau of Investigation, First Department, first department disciplinary, Flaster Greenberg, foley & lardner, Fraud, Glenn A. Fine, Harry I. Moatz, Hassan Miah, IBM, intel, inventor, Ira Parker, iviewit, James Comey, Jeffrey W. Levitan, joao, John Calkins, John Conyers, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, Marc Garber, martin glenn, Mary Shapiro, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, Michael Reale, mpeg, mpegla, myclads, New York Attorney General, New York Senate Judiciary Committee, New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department, Nicole Corrado, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, ownership, P. Stephen Lamont, patent, patentgate, person, PONZI, proskauer, Rajiv Goel, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, Real 3D, RICO, ropes & gray, SEC, Senator John Sampson, sgi, Sheila Gowan, Shira A. Scheindlin, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, Steven M. Cohen, Terrorist, theft, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, Tim Armstrong, Time Warner, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, United States Patent & Trademark Office, United States Second Circuit, video, Wachovia, Warner Bros., wayne huizenga, Wayne Smith, William J Dick, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   2 Comments IBM accused of WAR CRIMES in APARTHIED LAWSUIT before Hon. Shira A. Scheindlin of the US District Court - Southern District NY.  IBM also a named Defendant in Iviewit Inventor Eliot I. Bernsteins Federal 12 Trillion RICO patent theft lawsuit.  Have they disclosed all this to IBM Shareholders???January 7th, 2010 Judge Allows Apartheid Suit Against CorporationsBy JONATHAN PERLOW ShareThis (CN) - A federal judge in Manhattan again allowed a lawsuit to proceed against several corporate giants for their alleged role in aiding South Africas oppressive apartheid regime. Daimler AG, General Motors, Ford Motor Co. and IBM are accused of aiding and abetting human rights violations under the apartheid government.  In October, the South African government reversed its position and threw its support behind the class action, brought in 2002 by victims of apartheid crimes, including torture, rape and denationalization. The class members filed suit on behalf of themselves and all black South African citizens for violations of the law of nations. From 1960 to 1994, blacks in South Africa were deprived of their citizenship and were forced to become citizens of tribally based homelands called Bantustans. U.S. District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin gave the suit new life last year when she gave the plaintiff class the opportunity to sue under the Alien Tort Claims Act. The 220-year-old law lets U.S. federal courts hear human rights cases brought by foreigners alleging violations of international law. The defendants unsuccessfully sought dismissal, saying corporations are exempt under the statute. Judge Scheindlin denied their bid to dismiss the case last spring, and then rejected a motion for certification of an interlocutory appeal in the most recent action.  Her 144-page opinion in April stated that Daimler, GM and Ford should be on the hook for claims that they aided and abetted torture, extrajudicial killing and apartheid.  The automakers are accused of providing armored military vehicles used to suppress marches and worker protests, and of assisting security forces tasked with identifying and torturing anti-apartheid leaders.  The judge also allowed claims against IBM to proceed, for providing the technology that allowed the South African government to carry out geographic segregation and denationalization, according to the plaintiffs. Scheindlin said that corporate liability under the Alien Tort Claims Act is a long-settled question in this Circuit. On at least nine separate occasions, the 2nd Circuit has addressed ATCA cases against corporations without ever hinting  much less holding  that such cases are barred, the judge wrote. The 2nd Circuit remanded parts of the apartheid cases back to district court. In her most recent ruling, she noted that the 2nd Circuit didnt tackle the issue directly, only stating that it was assum[ing], without deciding, that corporations  may be held liable for the violations of customary international law.  The appeals court added that it was not reach[ing] the question of whether international law extends the scope of liability to corporations. The 2nd Circuit has made clear that it has not yet decided the question of corporate liability, Scheindlin wrote. However, it has not provided any reason to believe that there are substantial grounds for disagreement about the correct result in a case where that question is presented. In 2008 the U.S. Supreme Court chose not to intervene in the lower courts decision to hear the claims, due to the recusal of four justices. Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Proskauer (Porksour) Rose Law Firm Going Down in Allen Stanford Ponzi, next the trail of money may lead to Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernsteins stolen Trillion Dollar PatentsJanuary 6th, 2010 http://amlawdaily.typepad.com/amlawdaily/2010/01/stanfords-lawyers.htmlAM LawTPM Shines Spotlight on Allen Stanfords LawyersPosted by Brian BaxterR. Allen Stanfords principal in-house and outside lawyers are once again under the glare of the media, this time from Talking Points Memo. The blog looked at the work done by former Greenberg Traurig lawyers Yolanda Suarez and Carlos Loumiet for the disgraced financier. Loumiet left Greenberg for Hunton & Williams in 2001, and Suarez served as Stanfords legal counsel and chief of staff after working at Greenberg as an associate in the early 1980s.TPM reports that Loumiet and Suarez played integral roles in shielding Stanford from regulatory scrutiny and forging close ties between the Texas-based businessman and members of Congress. (Federal law enforcement officials are probing Stanfords congressional ties, according to arecent report by the Miami Herald.)TPM singled out Loumiets work drafting anti-money laundering legislation for Antigua, the Caribbean island nation where Stanford based his offshore operations. (We reported on Greenbergs work for Stanford in October, picking up on another report from the Herald.) Loumiet touts the work on his current Hunton bioand TPM references an interview the lawyer gave to The Washington Post in 1999 defending Stanford, who also holds Antiguan citizenship.When Loumiet left Greenberg for Hunton in 2001, he took Stanfords business with him. (Loumiet referred TPMs requests for comment to a Hunton spokeswoman, who declined to comment.)As we noted late last year, the Stanford matter isnt Loumiets first brush with scandal. At Greenberg, where Loumiet served as head of the firms international banking practice, he became ensnared in the collapse of Hamilton Bank in 2002.In June 2008, a federal judge ruled that there was insufficient evidence linking Loumiet to a fraud that caused his client to go under. Unlike his former firm and another partner, who paid almost $1 million in fines without admitting guilt, Loumiet refused to settle with a banking regulator.But Loumiet and Suarez arent the only lawyers to be tarred by their Stanford affiliations. Both Proskauer Rose and Chadbourne & Parke have been sued in a class action filed by a group of Stanford clients. Also named in the class action suit was former Stanford general counsel P. Mauricio Alvarado, a Vinson & Elkins alum whose abrupt resignation shortly before the SEC filed charges had some securities lawyers warning in-house counsel to be vigilant.Ex-Proskauer partner Thomas Sjoblom, a former SEC attorney and longtime outside counsel to Stanford, resigned from the firm in October. Sjoblom and Proskauer were also sued by a senior Stanford executive early last year.Stanford, who is reportedly battling demons of his own while he remains incarcerated, is set to go on trial in January 2011.CommentsReport offensive comments to The Am Law Daily.Verify your CommentPreviewing your CommentMADOFF + STANFORD + DREIER + SATYAM + FISERV + ALBERT HU + The 1031 Tax Group LLC - Edward H. Okun = PROSKAUER ROSE & FOLEY & LARDNERCheck out Inventor Eliot Bernstein Testimony @ The New York Judiciary Committee headed by John L. Sampson @http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=189Check out Iviewit News - IVIEWIT TRILLION $$ FED SUIT DEFENDANT PROSKAUER ROSE SUED IN GLOBAL CLASS ACTION RE STANFORD PONZIInvestors who have been burned in these scams should start to seek redress from the lawyers who were involved with these scams. I personally have been trying to notify regulators and authorities of a ONE TRILLION DOLLAR scam that is putting states like New York and Florida at huge risk, as well as, companies like Intel, Lockheed, SGI and IBM. The states and companies involved in the fraud fail to acknowledge the risk exposing shareholders and citizens to impending liabilities. Investigators, courts and federal agents ignoring the crimes and evidence, including a car-bombing attempt on my life. I know how Harry Markopolos felt trying to expose Madoff in a world without regulation.Did I hear Proskauer Rose is involved in Madoff (involved many clients too) and acted as Allen Stanfords attorney. Investors who lost money in these scams should start looking at the law firm Proskauers assets for recovery. First, Proskauer partner Gregg Mashberg claims Madoff is a financial 9/11 for their clients, if they directed you to Madoff sue them. Then, Proskauer partner Thomas Sjoblom former enforcement dude for SEC and Allen Stanford attorney, declares PARTY IS OVER to Stanford employees and advises them to PRAY, this two days before SEC hearings. Then at hearings, he lies with Holt to SEC saying she only prepared with him but fails to mention Miami meeting at airport hanger. Then Sjoblom resigns after SEC begins investigation and sends note to SEC disaffirming all statements made by him and Proskauer, his butt on fire. If you were burned in Stanford sue Proskauer.Proskauer Rose and Foley & Lardner are also in a TRILLION dollar FEDERAL LAWSUIT legally related to a WHISTLEBLOWER CASE also in FEDERAL COURT. Marc S. Dreier, brought in through Raymond A. Joao of Meltzer Lippe after putting 90+ patents of mine in his own name, is also a defendant in the Federal Case.The Trillion Dollar suit according to Judge Shira Scheindlin is one of PATENT THEFT, MURDER & A CAR BOMBING. For graphics on the car bombing visit www.iviewit.tv.The Federal Court casesUnited States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit Docket 08-4873-cv - Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. - TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUITCases @ US District Court - Southern District NY(07cv09599) Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT(07cv11196) Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.(07cv11612) Esposito v The State of New York, et al.,(08cv00526) Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.,(08cv02391) McKeown v The State of New York, et al.,(08cv02852) Galison v The State of New York, et al.,(08cv03305) Carvel v The State of New York, et al., and,(08cv4053) Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al.(08cv4438) Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al.( ) John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New YorkEliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliotOther Websites I like:http://www.deniedpatent.comhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comhttp://www.judgewatch.org/index.htmlhttp://www.enddiscriminationnow.comhttp://www.corruptcourts.orgHttp://www.changecourtsnow.comhttp://www.makeourofficialsaccountable.comhttp://www.parentadvocates.orghttp://www.newyorkcourtcorruption.blogspot.com Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Florida Bar Under Fire for Lack of Regulation in Robert Allen Stanford and Scott Rothstein Ponzi scheme, Kenneth Marvin defendant in Iviewit Multi Trillion Dollar LawsuitDecember 29th, 2009 Before reading the article below, one wonders if the Florida Bar has reported their status and liability in the Iviewit Multi Trillion Dollar Federal Lawsuit to State Auditors??? http://www.authorsden.com/visit/viewnews.asp?id=30938&AuthorID=23453David Arthur WaltersContempt for The Florida Bar and Supreme Court12/23/2009 9:26:00 AMby David Arthur Walters________________________________________Commentary: Allen Sanford and Scott Rothstein should have been nailed in Florida long ago.The Florida Bar and the Florida Supreme Court of which the Bar is part and parcel deserve an utterance of contempt for their failure to regulate powerful, politically connected law firms until damage to the public is irreparably done.For example, Greenberg Traurig, some of whose lawyers were implicated in the Hamilton Bank and Allen Stanford scandals, the very firm whose name became infamous in the Abramoff political scandal. But Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, the erstwhile South Florida legal powerhouse led by the now notorious swindler Scott Rothstein, is currently the most glaring example. Rothstein and his colleagues ran a Ponzi-scheme that bilked investors of over $1 billion under the mantle of the firm, using the firms letterhead and mingling some of the ill-gotten proceeds with the firms accounts while doling out millions of dollars for the benefit of his fine friend Governor Charlie Crist, former Senator Mel Martinez, Senator John McCain, presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani, and the like.The Rothstein firm hired former judges and a mayor, and Rothstein bought police protection from top law enforcement officials. Ironically, he sat on a Bar committee responsible for disciplining unethical conduct of lawyers. Governor Crist appointed him to a judiciary nominating committee just after Rothstein contributed funds to his campaign and the Republican Party.The Rothstein firm doled out huge bonuses to attorneys on the condition they contribute to designated candidates, a fact that could subject them to charges of fraud, money laundering and tax evasion. Furthermore, Rothstein and his law associates created at least 30 shell corporations to launder money, shuffle acquired assets and conceal the identities of the corporate directors and officers involved in the illicit scheme. Berger Singerman, the law firm handlingRothstein Rosenfeldt Adlers bankruptcy, filed a bankruptcy document stated that the books and records of Rothsteins firm are in disarray, inadequate and do not contain the typical records that one would expect to be maintained in the normal course of business.Frauds and other misconduct would undoubtedly be detected and Floridas legal profession as well as the Bar spared a great deal of embarrassment and dishonor if the books of law firms were regularly examined by independent certified fraud examiners. But Kenneth L. Marvin, Staff Counsel, Director of Lawyer Regulation for the Florida Bar did not respond to my suggestion to do just that, nor was he interested in law firms as such. Unless he was prevaricating, the Bars information system is wholly inadequate to the task of producing any information about the relationship of lawyers to their firms.We do not keep records pertaining to law firms, since law firms do not have a license to practice law, Marvin stated in on October 16, 2009 email, in response to my formal request for records appertaining to the involvement of the lawyers of the powerful, politically connected firm of Greenberg Traurig, a firm that has reportedly represented the Florida Bar. In any event, a careful reader could infer from the widely published reports on the Allen Stanford scandal that Greenberg Traurig lawyers colluded with public regulators and lawyers for the State of Florida in setting up the specious trust that enabled Stanford to use his Miami office to launder most of the money he bilked from investors or laundered for others. Banking lawyers were astonished by the trust arrangement, as it appeared contrary to banking law not to mention ethical standards - information as to whether or not any of them filed complaints or inquiries with the Bar as required by its Rules cannot be obtained from the Bar due to the policies that allows it to conceal information from immediate public view and destroy it in short order. Mr. Walters, I dont understand why you are so distrustful of the Bar. I had never heard of the Stanford Trust until I read your writings about it, Marvin stated. I do not know who you originally spoke to, but we do keep our records under the accused attorneys name and not the subject matter. If you had asked me about the Stanford Trust, I would have claimed no knowledge, but if you had asked about Carlos Loumiet, I would have recognized that name and recalled that there were newspaper articles about him. Apparently neither Marvin nor anyone else at the Bar had carefully read the series of Miami Herald articles about the involvement of private and public lawyers in the forging of the Stanford Trust. If a member of the public in want of a lawyer were referred to Carlos E. Loumiet, one of the principal lawyers accused in both the Hamilton Bank fraud and the Stanford Trust fraud, and if he checks the Bars website for public information, he will discover that, as of December 22, 2009, Loumiet is a member of the Bar in good standing and that there is no disciplinary history on him for the last 10 years. Indeed, a recent press report described him as a distinguished member of the Florida Bar. In fact, a file was opened and recently closed on Loumiet in re the Hamilton Bank fraud, and another file has been opened on him in re the Stanford fraud. Both files are hidden from immediate public view so that the public will be kept in the dark about the investigations unless it makes a public records request about a specific attorney - in one instance, Bar staff denied the existence of a file until this writer insisted that a defense lawyer had publicly declared that disciplinary action was pending. If the Bar in its discretion decides not to pursue a matter or decides that discipline is unwarranted, the file is destroyed hence the Bar is left unaccountable for its actions.Mr. Marvin, I responded to Marvins email, Thank you very much for your revelation that The Florida Bar does not keep records appertaining to law firms. I believe I may fairly conclude from your statement that the Bars information system must be inadequate and in need of considerable improvement. As it stands, the Bar staff apparently have no way, for example, of producing statistics to demonstrate that there is little or no merit in the widespread belief that the Bar favors large, powerful (i.e. politically connected) firms such as Greenberg Traurig, wherein it is alleged that the individual consciences are too easily submerged. I would think that you and other persons charged with the regulation of the profession would find the organizations of practitioners as interesting as the individuals involved in them, and would make sure that information was kept on that aspect for several good reasons.Mr. Marvin also responded on behalf of the Executive Director of the Florida Bar and the Chief Justice of the Florida Supreme Court to my constructive suggestions for the improvement of information transparency. My letter included the following suggestion:I respectfully suggest that a list of Pending Complaints and Open Disciplinary Cases be maintained on the website and regularly updated until disposed of. Thereafter the initial and dispositive information would be maintained for 10 years on the respective website-available files of the attorneys involved. By Pending Complaints I mean each and every complaint received, and by Open Disciplinary Cases I mean each and every complaint that Bar counsel decides to pursue. The information available would of course include the name of the attorney, the date and nature of the complaint and the current status of the investigation. If a case is not opened or an investigation not conducted on the complaint, the disposition then posted to the attorneys website-available file would state the specific reason for not investigating the complaint. When an open case is closed, the specific reason for disposition would likewise be posted to the attorneys website-available file. As for the confidentiality of open files, Rule 3-7.1 (e) allows for the disclosure of the status of specific cases under investigation. The specification under my suggestion would be any and all open files.Please understand that I do not wish to argue with you and I do not set policy, replied Mr. Marvin on October 27, 2009. Since he was responding for the Executive Director and Chief Justice, it appears that any constructive suggestions sent to the high authorities of the Florida integrated bar would fall on deaf ears since none of the above nor any delegates below set policy. But Marvin informed me that suggestions could be made to a special citizen council controlled by the Bar; but then the Bar would have discretion over what measures if any to adopt. The arrogance of a public institution that does not have to answer to the public and is a law unto itself is exceedingly dangerous to that public, and is deserving of its contempt.To return to the Rothstein scandal, there is little doubt that several members of the legal community and more certainly colleagues at the Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler itself knew about the scam or should have known that something was seriously amiss. Indeed, rumors were running rampant in legal circles as to the source of Rothsteins sudden wealth and the enormous political influence of his legal powerhouse. Lawyers had good reason to wonder where all the money was coming from so fast, for it would have been impossible for the law practice itself to generate such a fabulous fortune virtually overnight. U.S. Senator George LeMieux, a lawyer, former campaign manager and then chief of staff to Governor Crist (who are both now calling for an end to corruption in Florida), did not bother to look the gift horse in the mouth at the time of receipt. He has now admitted that he did not understand where all the money was coming from, pleading that, You dont look at someone whos generous and just criticize.Perhaps Gary Phillips at Rothsteins previous firm, Phillips Eiseinger Koss Rosenfeldt and Rothstein, could have nipped the pathological liar in the bud some time ago, as Phillips and his partners got rid of Rothstein after discovering he had lied to a client about filing a complaint and a motion for injunctive relief; but Phillips decided not to report Rothstein to the Bar because he took the Bars job into his own hands and erroneously determined that lying to clients is not a legitimate grievance against a lawyer. Bar rules require attorneys to blow the whistle on such misconduct; therefore I forwarded the information on Phillips to Marvin and asked whether the Bar would inquire into the matter. A smooth-talking staff lawyer called me on December 21, 2009 and said there was no file open on Phillips but one might be opened at the discretion of the Bar. If a citizen filed a sworn complaint against Phillips, I was informed, he or she would then have access to documents appertaining to the proceedings if any. The complainant could then reveal the information obtained - some states make such a revelation a contempt of court. I pointed out that citizens might not like to go on record against attorneys for fear of retaliation. I recommended that an independent ombudsman be created to file such complaints based on information obtained from the press and interested members of the public. The staff lawyer did not seem interested; why should he be when the integrated bar does not have to answer to the public for anything at all?Of course the Bar would be far more effective if lawyers would only blow the whistle on one another as the Rules of the Bar do require, but a code of silence imposed from the top down of the Bar integrated with the Supreme Court renders them reluctant to do so, despite such ethical mouthing from the Bar as that of its ethical counsel, Elizabeth Tarbert, who recently effused that, even though lawyers may not have actual evidence of something amiss, they cannot bury their heads in the sand if knowledge of wrongdoing might be inferred from circumstances. Seldom are such inferences filed with the Bar, and the ones that Bar counsel and the Good Old Boys on the grievance committees give a free pass to are never brought to the publics attention and all the evidence is destroyed a year later so that the Bar may not be brought to task for its prejudices, preferences, and negligence. In any case, what humble lawyer would scruple to draw damning inferences in the form of complaints against the high power that provide not only his privilege to practice his profession but determine his relative success in courts? He might then find himself the defendant in disbarment proceedings presided over by the Good Old Boys he has begged askance of.Indeed, disbarred attorney Mark A. Adams believes he was permanently disbarred from practicing law in Florida because he blew the whistle on members of a powerful, politically connected law firm, Battaglia Ross Dicus & Wein, P.A. He has in fact made numerous public statements alleging corruption of the Florida judiciary and the Attorney Generals office, and has accused specific attorneys of criminal conduct. He did file a complaint with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. The FDLE forwarded the file (FDLE File 73-5818-134-131) to Susan Austin at the Florida Bar on June 25, 2004. According to Adams, the Florida Bar, instead of pursuing the matter on its own initiative, as it is allowed to do by its own Rules, simply dismissed it on a technicality, that the complaint was not sworn by a complainant. The Florida Bar has been accused by watchdogs of routinely rat-holing numerous grievances against attorneys without inquiry; however that might be, evidence supporting Adams claim, that his complaints were ignored, is not retrievable from the Bar because of its record-destruction policy, a Supreme Court policy that creates an appearance of impropriety as it obviously would allow its strong arm, the Florida Bar, to behave irresponsibly since its deeds are rendered inscrutable. I asked Adams if he had some concrete evidence of a quid pro quo between the Battaglia firm lawyers and the judicial officers regarding his allegations of criminal conduct.Battaglia and his clients were able to get a number of judges to ignore black letter law and the facts to deprive my former client of the pay that was due to him, to make my former client pay Battaglias client, and to enter a judgment against me and use a baseless criminal charge to attempt to extort money from me. Thats explains the benefits to Battaglia. Regarding the evidence of the benefit to the judges, why would judges ignore the law and the facts and expose themselves to liability unless they were receiving a benefit? That is a good question, one that should have been thoroughly investigated by the Florida Bar. We are left to speculate, that the judges could be ignorant, or they could believe they are above the law for some reason or another, say, answering a higher call, or they could be getting definite benefits - favors, payoffs et cetera. Concrete evidence of the latter would of course definitely interest Federal investigators who are not subject to the powerful machinations of the integrated state bar and bench. In Rothsteins case almost everyone knew or suspected that something was seriously amiss, but nobody was willing to draw derogatory inferences until federal authorities swooped in to end the colossal fraud. And then not a single competent member of the legal circle was surprised, for the fall of Rothstein & Firm was not a matter of if but of when, so obvious had the likelihood of fraud become. Now the general public has some reason to assume, from all the evidence brought forward and the allegations being made, that the integrated bar of Florida is a legally constituted racketeering organization. Therefore an historical recapitulationof the monstrosity called the integrated bar is in order: During the Great Depression, Americans were once again sorely plagued by hordes of lawyers, wherefore they were apt to raise once again the revolutionary cry, Kill the lawyers! Burn down the courthouses! The high courts of several states, in a supreme exercise of judicial vanity, circled wagons and gazed into their self-flattering mirrors, each reflecting the mutual opinion that supreme courts possess an inherent and absolute power to regulate the practice of law in their respective states without interference from the legislative or executive branches of government. A strong jurisprudential argument was made that only an organization of lawyers dominated by a supreme court are competent to regulate lawyers given the complexity of the law and its practice and the native tendency of litigious lawyers to independent and relativistic thinking. Therefore all lawyers who want to practice should be integrated into a state supreme court system so that the court might adopt and enforce standard scruples thus effectively curb the abuses people were suffering at the hands of unscrupulous lawyers - Platos Socrates might argue that lawyers are unscrupulous sophists by virtue of their trade.In Florida, the integrated bar concept was embraced and eventually enshrined in the state constitution by way of amendment. But not all states bought the integrated bar movement - independent-minded lawyers were naturally opposed to paying dues and being beholden for their livelihood to a ruling hierarchy of their own disparaged kind. Naturally, there are many opposing arguments to an integrated bar. The absolute integration of bench and bar would belie the very independence from political influence that the judiciary is wont to brag about as its chief virtue when claiming that it protects people from legislative politics. An integrated bar would allow the same forces that rule lawyer-dominated legislatures to rule the judiciary as well, with impunity and without debate from an opposition. Politics is the distribution of power, and the integrated bar, having arrogated to itself the sole power to regulate the most powerful profession pursuant to the prejudices of the dominating political power of its members, would become a virtually unregulated power. There could be no genuine integrity in such an integrated bar, no virtue except traditional loyalty to ones own kind or else. There could be no real balance of powers here. Surely an absolutely independent integrated bar would tend to the absolute corruption of every state in which it is institutionalized. Such an institution would deserve the unmitigated contempt of a democratic people if only the people fully understood its nature. That understanding has not been advanced by the so-called fourth branch of government, the press.A well seasoned investigative reporter with the McClatchy newspaper organization informed this commentator that integrated bar organizations routinely ignore the transgressions of powerful law firms while diligently pressing complaints against small practitioners, who are easily intimidated by the prospect of losing their livelihood. This, in effect, keeps the rank-and-file in line with the ruling political power. We seldom or never see a critical report from the mainstream media addressing the Bars favoritism and negligence, which appears to rise to a fraud on the public. Instead, the public is fed pabulum, a steady diet of press releases praising the Bars good works, much of it well deserved, and an occasional press release notifying the public that a few small fry have been disciplined. Once in awhile a big fish is fried by the Bar, after he has been caught by law enforcement and convicted.The so-called fourth branch of government, the press, ignores the crucial, political point, obscured by the gospel, as it were, or at least the true perspective is never published. After all, notwithstanding the publics low albeit envious regard for lawyers as a class, it is difficult to elucidate such an obscured subject as the integrated bar so that a clamor might be raised against its inherent conflict of interest and organizational hypocrisy. Furthermore, since the Bar integrated with the Supreme Court is in effect an arm or organ of the Court, since it is thus a law unto itself lorded over by its presiding power, nothing short of a clamor to kill lawyers and burn down courthouses could cause it to mitigate its arrogance and effect the radical reform needed, the disintegration of the integrated bar. Finally, the press is not wont to alienate the hand that feeds it with choice information and free-speech rulings.Yet disintegration of the integrated bar is still possible, as is evidenced by Englands Legal Services Act of 2007, which mandated the end of the legal professions self-regulation and separated its regulation from its self-interested representative or political function. The Legal Services Board was appointed on September 1, 2008 pursuant to the Act, and it will be the single independent oversight regulator of legal services in England. The Board will supervise all licensing authorities and oversee lawyer regulation. It is appointed entirely by the government. Most of the appointees are non-lawyers chosen for their regulatory and other public affairs experience, and some are consumer advocates. An Office of Legal Complaints will be established and monitored by the Board, completely independent of the profession, and will deal with consumer complaints according to an ombudsman scheme. The Complaints Commissioner must be a non-lawyer.Much more can and should be said on this subject. The Floridas integrated bar does deserve a great deal of credit for its many good deeds, but until significant and radical reform of the regulatory function is obtained, its pollution by political factions will create at least the appearance of impropriety, and its negligence alone deserves the public utterance of contempt.________________________________________fMore News by David Arthur Walters________________________________________The Pickle Chiseler-12/1/2009 8:00:00 AMTo Hell with the Credit Rating Agencies-10/28/2009 8:11:00 AMLetter in re The Florida Clam Bar-10/17/2009 8:11:00 AMWhere was The Florida Bar in all this?-10/15/2009 9:05:00 AMThe New Chase Bank-9/5/2009 8:16:00 AMGreenberg Traurig & The Stanford Fraud-8/31/2009 8:48:00 AMThe Stanford Fraud & The Florida Bar-8/27/2009 6:48:00 AMSinging the Health Insurance Blues Again-8/3/2009 6:31:00 AMFor the Integrity of the Integrated Florida Bar-7/20/2009 6:08:00 AMThe Fraudster, The Firm, and The Florida Bar-7/8/2009 7:36:00 AMScientific Friendship-6/27/2009 8:52:00 AMOn Open Publishing via Themestream.com by David Arthur Walters-6/22/2009 6:48:00 AMHeliums English Is Not Good Enough By HE-6/18/2009 7:18:00 AMA Much-Heralded Cocks Life in South Beach-6/8/2009 6:28:00 AMQueen Latifahs SOBE Fatburger-6/6/2009 6:43:00 AMBack to the Future of Journalism by David Arthur Walters-6/1/2009 8:32:00 AMTopical Helium-5/7/2009 10:25:00 AMIntroduction to the Helium.com scheme-5/2/2009 6:31:00 AMWho is to blame?-4/18/2009 7:38:00 AMIn Praise of Dividends-3/24/2009 2:03:00 PMWhite Niggas-2/21/2009 8:42:00 AMChairman Benankes Dream-2/14/2009 7:57:00 AMHousing Rescue  Abolish PAL Rules & Accelerate Depreciation-12/18/2008 8:41:00 AMThe Paulson Plans-10/18/2008 7:51:00 AMFoul Language for Investment Bankers-9/27/2008 6:52:00 AMWe do not NEED Wall Street-9/23/2008 3:37:00 PMBank Run!-9/19/2008 7:41:00 AMReminder: Beware of Speaking in Tongues in High Places-9/18/2008 7:48:00 AMRepublican Seachange in Hawaii-9/12/2008 4:26:00 PMNot a maverick at all-9/8/2008 5:52:00 AMWe Were Betrayed by the Media-7/30/2008 3:03:00 PMRight is above Might-4/5/2008 10:46:00 AMCensorship Perfected by the Kansas City Star-4/5/2008 10:26:00 AMThe Arrogant and Dismissive Times-3/30/2008 3:49:00 PMJustice or Death-3/29/2008 5:14:00 PMAgainst War-Mongering Liars-3/29/2008 1:16:00 PMKansas Citys Color Line-3/29/2008 8:23:00 AMReferendum Madness in Miami Beach-10/23/2007 4:46:00 AMQuacking Duck - Artist Housing in South Beach-10/5/2007 8:29:00 AMWhite Trash Need Not Apply-9/10/2007 8:47:00 AMMiami Beach House of Equivocation - Affordable Housing for Artists-9/3/2007 8:14:00 AMPortrait of The Struggling CANDO Artist-7/23/2007 8:42:00 AMMiami Herald Muckraking-6/25/2007 11:43:00 AMAmericas Future Lies On The Water-5/2/2007 9:44:00 AMThe Compassionate Heart of America-1/22/2007 10:36:00 AMPresident Bush a Revisionist Historian-12/15/2006 5:32:00 AMLetter to President Bush on Victory-12/15/2006 5:30:00 AMSmoking Gun Letter to President Bush-12/15/2006 5:25:00 AMChristmas Letter to President of Iran-12/11/2006 10:25:00 AMBenedictine Deconstruction-10/2/2006 12:10:00 PMCondotelworlde-9/10/2006 10:22:00 AMI Was Heartcrunched By Crunch Fitness-9/1/2006 6:53:00 AMWorlds Worst Burger King -8/30/2006 5:50:00 AMIdeal Customer Service and Support-7/3/2006 6:44:00 AMThe Man and his Pigs in Hawaii-6/24/2006 8:14:00 AMNote on the New Fascism-6/23/2006 6:33:00 AMTundra Puta Releases Poem!-6/16/2006 4:39:00 PMIsrael an Idol?-6/12/2006 9:24:00 AMIndian Woman Bills USA for Reparations-6/2/2006 8:36:00 AMGet your free doctorate in political science!-5/15/2006 11:51:00 AMFords Anti-Terrorism Proviso-5/13/2006 7:48:00 AMBe Not Thus Deceived-5/12/2006 6:40:00 AMThe Medusa Do-4/24/2006 9:34:00 AMThe Presiding Spirit Has No Reason to Think-4/6/2006 4:54:00 PMTeflon Bush?-3/18/2006 8:14:00 AMMiami Beach Official Declares Journalist Crazy-3/13/2006 10:21:00 AMMalicious Dissent-2/25/2006 10:26:00 AMThe Invisible Indivisible Nation-2/25/2006 8:50:00 AMOn The True Principles of Patriotism-2/25/2006 8:17:00 AMThe Patriotic Pledge-2/25/2006 6:54:00 AMThe High Oath-2/18/2006 6:41:00 AMTomatoes Live In The Now-2/17/2006 9:57:00 AMJayhawk History-2/17/2006 5:07:00 AMHeresy Might Be The True Religion-2/8/2006 3:03:00 PMBringing Homeless People Home-2/6/2006 7:43:00 AMMister Netwits Faction-1/28/2006 7:20:00 AMCondemned to Freedom-1/27/2006 4:11:00 PMAm I Blind?-1/20/2006 1:39:00 PMThe Compassionate Heart of America-1/20/2006 11:27:00 AMI am a Gringo American-1/6/2006 6:32:00 AMThe Most Important Subject in the World-12/23/2005 7:10:00 AMI am I-12/23/2005 6:21:00 AMEditor Rejects Masterpiece!-12/19/2005 6:33:00 AMCrawl Space Revisited-12/15/2005 8:22:00 AMTop Real Estate Woman-12/4/2005 10:18:00 AMKabbalah Krackpot?-12/1/2005 5:11:00 PMMichel Carel on Contemporary Art-12/1/2005 3:07:00 PMLetter to President Bush re Historical Revisionism-11/13/2005 4:41:00 PMUnder God is no laughing matter-11/12/2005 9:06:00 AMThe Administration is Drunk With Power-11/11/2005 5:04:00 PMWhere are the Americans at home?-11/8/2005 3:55:00 PMQuranic Retaliation-11/6/2005 11:51:00 AMHaving Faith in Nothing-11/6/2005 10:44:00 AMEl Trabajo es un Derecho-10/5/2005 3:56:00 PMThe Rise of American Hypocrisy-9/18/2005 10:20:00 AMDianes Transition no a traves-9/5/2005 7:02:00 AMWe Say They Say-8/24/2005 4:58:00 PMThe Sacred Family-8/14/2005 4:48:00 PMStill Mountain and Providing Nourishment-7/18/2005 7:27:00 AMAuthorsden Author Accused of Pornographic Displays-7/16/2005 9:23:00 AMGentrification is a Dirty Word-7/12/2005 8:46:00 AMMoving the Ten Commandments-6/28/2005 7:50:00 AMSeditious Parenting-6/20/2005 11:52:00 AMRumsfeld Reveals Lawless Policy-6/18/2005 8:38:00 AMWhen will They stop lying?-6/14/2005 8:34:00 AMThe Solution in Iraq-6/14/2005 8:06:00 AMRemembing the Sons of Reagan-6/13/2005 6:12:00 AMDarwin Leons Manifesto-6/1/2005 9:14:00 AMThe Gray Future of Ten Dollars per Hour-5/23/2005 11:14:00 AMThe Jingo Press and The Untied Hates of America-5/19/2005 7:22:00 AMReading the Kansas City Star-5/14/2005 7:03:00 AMThe Low Brow Race Arrives!-5/5/2005 2:13:00 PMPresident Eric Rudolph-5/2/2005 11:58:00 AMMultitasking Stupidity-3/9/2005 10:22:00 AMA truly conservative Social Security solution-2/17/2005 7:26:00 AMEuthanasia recommended for Social Security-2/4/2005 6:40:00 AMTo Rakel With Love-1/21/2005 7:14:00 AMArt Judges in South Beach Florida-1/17/2005 9:21:00 AMDown with Artistic Urbanism! Up with the Art of Living!-1/13/2005 5:18:00 PMArtbass - Bass Museum of Art Exposed Again-1/12/2005 1:53:00 PMA Young Lion Appears in the Brush-12/31/2004 10:55:00 AMi am I-12/20/2004 1:47:00 PMCuban dancers defect to Vegas bright lights-11/15/2004 8:28:00 AM Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments When I-View-It Comes to Town ~ All Hell Breaks Loose for Intel Corp, SGI, Lockheed, IBM and the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First DepartmentDecember 8th, 2009 IVIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with Vision A few examples below may make you think when Iviewit comes to town, all hell breaks loose. For or Four examples, 1. Feds insider trading wiretap snares IBM heir apparent The heir apparent to IBM CEO Sam Palmisano has been arrested and charged with insider trading, as US authorities cracked down on an alleged $20m scheme involving shares in some of the IT industrys biggest names. Full Article at The Register Other Executives charged included Robert Moffatt, senior vice president and executive in IBMs systems and technology group,Then read the email below to Mr. Palmisano from Iviewit only a couple months prior. 2. Intel http://online.wsj.com/article/BT-CO-20091113-712436.html Intel Sewell departs Intel right after letter to him and CEO Otellini who is rumored to be on way out. Intel Capital where Hassan Miah came from and where he went back we find fishy practices leading to arrests3. SGI  Iviewit sends over Intel letter and more to SGI counsel informing them of 12 count 12 trillion lawsuit and more from Real3D, they run into bankruptcy, which they had just emerged from and this time they forgot to notify court of liabilities and then the Ropes and Gray Lawyer gets busted in insider case with the lot of scum @ http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601103&sid=aBxccSGF8pZQ 4. Proskauer or Porksour, well we all know that house of cards has crumbled with Stanford and all the other issues and ones coming.5. New York First Department Disciplinary  Unfolding fast on an ethics department run by the mob thanks to heroic whistleblower efforts etc. and my favorite quote from Gottis mom to the judges in NY, the mob calling the judges mobsters, how apropos. And the fearsome John Junior Gotti, son of the late Mafia boss, also seems to have a henpecking mother. On trial in New York, accused of gutting a man in a bar fight and facing charges of extortion, kidnapping, robbery and shootings, Gotti appears to be more concerned about the attentions of his mother, Victoria. At his trial, Mrs Gotti yelled at the judges and prosecutors: F***ing gangsters! You sons of b****s! Put your sons in there. Read more @ http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-1226492/Mums-final-word-As-boxer-David-Haye-gets-left-hook-mother-tough-men-crumble-maternal-henpecking.html#ixzz0YpdC1OM6From: Eliot I. Bernstein [mailto:iviewit@gmail.com]Sent: Saturday, February 28, 2009 12:20 AMTo: Robert C. Weber, Senior Vice President, Legal & Regulatory Affairs, & General Counsel @ IBM Corporation (rweber@us.ibm.com); Robert C. Weber (roswellc@us.ibm.com); IBM Non-Management Directors, c/o Chair, IBM Directors and Corporate Governance Committee, International Business Machines Corporation, (nonmanagementdirectors@us.ibm.com); Samuel J. Palmisano, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer @ IBM Corporation (Sam@us.ibm.com)Cc: Caroline Prochotska Rogers, Esquire (caroline@cprogers.com); Marc R. Garber Esq. @ Flaster Greenberg P.C.; Michele M. Mulrooney Esq. - Jackoway Tyerman Wertheimer Austen Mandelbaum & Morris (MMulrooney@JTWAMM.com)Subject: FEDERAL COMPLAINT SERVICE Docket No. 08-4873-cv FINAL SIGNED BRIEF PLAINTIFF-APPELLANT BERNSTEIN USCA 2nd Circ 13988ll.pdf - Adobe Acrobat ProfessionalSamuel and Robert, Please accept the following as service of my Brief in the USCA 2nd Circ. as IBM Corp. is a named Defendant in these matters. Please report this liability to all proper regulatory agencies, shareholders, and liability carriers. Thank you, Eliot Bernstein From: Eliot I. Bernstein [mailto:iviewit@gmail.com]Sent: Friday, February 27, 2009 7:05 PMTo: Deborah Holmes, Deputy Clerk, United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit; Pro Se Cases @ United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit; Civil Cases @ United States Court of Appeals for the Second CircuitCc: Caroline Prochotska Rogers, Esquire; Marc R. Garber Esq. @ Flaster Greenberg P.C.; Michele M. Mulrooney Esq. - Jackoway Tyerman Wertheimer Austen Mandelbaum & Morris; Andy Dietz; Barry Becker @ Rock-It Cargo USA, Inc.; iviewit@iviewit.tv; Guy Iantoni; Frank Brady @ Expose Corrupt CourtsSubject: Docket No. 08-4873-cv FINAL SIGNED BRIEF PLAINTIFF-APPELLANT BERNSTEIN USCA 2nd Circ 13988ll.pdf - Adobe Acrobat ProfessionalI-VIEW-IT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with VisionDear Deborah,I have enclosed, per our conversations and your instructions, a PDF copy of my FINAL SIGNED BRIEF FOR PLAINTIFF-APPELLANT BERNSTEIN USCA 2nd Circ for Docket No. 08-4873-cv. I have also sent the document via US Mail as you specified and thus this electronic communication and the mailed copy should constitute a timely filing. I have attached in the document the following,1. US Postmaster Certified Letter Receipts showing the same Document as attached herein has been mailed and postmarked with the date Friday, February 27th 2009,2. A signed Electronic Notification Agreement,3. A Signed Anti-Virus Certification Form of which a virus check was performed,4. A Signed Notice of Appearance Form and5. A Signed Brief.If you need additional information, please feel free to contact me.Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Technologies, Inc.2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tvothers I likewww.deniedpatent.comby Crystal L. Coxhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com by Frank Brady aka Kevin McKeownwww.judgewatch.org/index.html by Elena Ruth Sassower and Doris Sassower Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Iviewit & Eliot Bernstein Letter to New York Senate Judiciary Committee and Chairman, Senator John L. Sampson Regarding US Federal Whistleblower Lawsuit (07cv09599) Anderson v The State of New York, et al. Criminal Allegations Requiring Your Immediate Attention  Revelation of a  Cleaner at New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department Ethics Committee, Whitewashing Complaints for US Attorneys, DAs  More like Gotti Trial on 26th Floor of same CourthouseNovember 1st, 2009 IVIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with VisionEliot I. BernsteinFounder & InventorDirect Dial: (561) 245-8588 (o) (561) 886-7628 (c)VIA - EMAILThursday, October 29, 2009Senator John L. SampsonChairmanandAll Members of the New York Senate Judiciary CommitteeNew York Senate Judiciary Committee506 Legislative Office BuildingAlbany, New York 12247Re:  Whistleblower Allegations of Criminal Activity at the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department Exposed in US Federal Court Requiring The Judiciary Committees Immediate Action; Response of Roy Reardon to the Request of Chairman, John L. Sampson Regarding Disciplinary Complaints Filed a the First Department, including but not limited to;A. February 09, 2009 New Complaints~ Februart 09, 2009 Iviewit Complaint Against Reardon and Friedberg @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090209%20FINAL%20Iviewit%20Response%20to%20First%20Department%20Re%20Conflict%20Foley%20Proskauer%20attorneys%20SIGNED.doc.pdf1. Roy L. Reardon, Esq.  Waiting Docket # Since February 20092. Alan W. Friedberg, Esq.  Waiting Docket # Since February 2009B. 2008 Complaints Matters of Attorney Complaints Docket #2008-0756, appears to attempt to merge multiple complaints into one docket number, waiting formal individual docket #s from NYAG. 3. Proskauer Rose, LLP  First Dep. Failed to formally docket since 2008 4. Foley & Lardner - First Dep. Failed to formally docket since 2008 5. Gregg M. Mashberg, Esq. - First Dep. Failed to formally docket since 2008 6. Joanna F. Smith, Esq. - First Dep. Failed to formally docket since 2008 7. Todd C. Norbitz, Esq. - First Dep. Failed to formally docket since 2008 8. Anne B. Sekel, Esq. - First Dep. Failed to formally docket since 2008C. Old Complaints 2002-2003Unpublished First Dept. Court Orders for Investigation Transferred by Unpublished COURT Orders, by Unanimous Consent of five First Dept Justices for Conflict of Interest and the Appearance of Impropriety to the Second Department. The Second Department failed to conduct formal investigations ordered by First Dept. and the First Dept. failed to ever follow up on their Orders M3198 - Steven C. Krane & Proskauer Rose M2820 - Kenneth Rubenstein & Proskauer Rose and Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolfe and Schlissel M3212 Raymond A. Joao 9. Thomas Cahill Special Inquiry No. 2004.1122 (former 1st Dept Chief Counsel)  Ongoing investigation by Martin Gold. 10. Steven C. Krane docket #2004.1883 (1st Dept Officer, former NYSBA President & Proskauer partner) 11. Kenneth Rubenstein docket #2003.0531 (Proskauer partner) 12. Raymond A. Joao docket #2003-0352 13. Proskauer Rose, LLP - First Dep. Failed to formally docket since 2003 14. Meltzer Lippe Goldstein & Schlissel - First Dep. failed to formally docket since 2003[ Copies of the Complaints and Unpublished Orders can be found @ www.iviewit.tv on the HomePage in the Evidence Section, incorporated in entirety by reference herein. ]Dear Chairman John L. Sampson and Members of the New York Senate Judiciary Committee ( Committee ),I. IntroductionI write to you as a follow up to the Committee request to Alan W. Friedberg ( Friedberg ), Chief Counsel of the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department ( First Dept ) Departmental Disciplinary Committee ( DDC ) to provide the Committee with status and information regarding Concealed Disciplinary Complaints requested from Friedberg at the September 24, 2009 Judiciary Committee hearing. Friedberg has responded to me, instead of the Committee, which causes further problems defined herein. At the beginning of my testimony at the September Committee hearing on Court Corruption in New York, Senator Sampson asked Friedberg to provide the Committee with information regarding what happened to complaints filed against Friedberg himself and Roy L. Reardon ( Reardon ), Chairman of the DDC. Complaints filed by me almost 8 months earlier, that I informed Senator Sampson in my opening statement had been CONCEALED for months inapposite the First Departments own procedural rules and in violation of law. [ VIDEO LINK Senator Sampson request for Friedberg to reply to him at the opening of Eliot Bernsteins Testimony to the Judiciary CommitteePart 2Full Hearing -04:02:30 in the following video of the September 24, 2009 hearing II. NY Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department  Departmental Disciplinary Committee Letter dated October 07, 2009 to Eliot Bernstein in response to a Request for Information by Senator John L. Sampson, Chair, NY Senate Judiciary Committee as Evidence of Further Violations of Attorney Conduct Codes, Violations of the Rules and Regulations of the DDC and Violations of LawSenator Sampson, I was stunned to get a direct reply from Reardon on October 07, 2009 attached herein as Exhibit 1, skirting your request for information and without even a courtesy carbon copy of the letter to the Judiciary Committee, a letter regarding what happened to the CONCEALED complaints against Reardon and Friedberg. This letter again has Reardon handling his own complaint and attempting to dismiss the complaint against himself and other DDC members, a violation of Attorney Conduct Codes, the Rules Regulating the DDC and Law, in a multiplicity of ways, including the obvious conflict created by one reviewing ones own complaint and acting upon it. As you may remember from my testimony at the September 24, 2009 Judiciary Committee hearing and my prepared statement for the Judiciary Committee,the DDC is a defendant in my Twelve Trillion Dollar Lawsuitmarked legally related to the Whistleblower case of Christine C. Anderson ( Anderson ) v the State of New York ( 07cv09599 ) and the DDC as a defendant in that lawsuit has representative counsel, the New York Attorney General ( NYAG ). The DDC as a named defendant in my lawsuit, which the filed complaints directly relate to, makes it inappropriate, highly unethical and illegal for the DDC to be directly contacting me or handling the complaints versus having the matters handled through their retained counsel, Monica Connell ( Connell ) of the NYAG. As it is inappropriate for me, acting as Pro Se legal counsel, to be contacting parties directly who have counsel, I worked with DDC counsel the NYAG to have the complaints transferred to NON-CONFLICTED investigators. Connell directed me to file the complaints with the DDC stating the complaints would be moved once filed and that no First Dept or DDC members would even review the materials due to their OBVIOUS CONFLICTS but that procedurally the complaints initially had to be filed at the DDC. Yet, defying ethics and their counsels arrangements with me, the DDC interceded and attempted to dismiss the complaints against other defendants in the lawsuit and now even themselves in what defies logic, ethics and law.[ Iviewit Amended Complaint - RICO http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080509%20FINAL%20AMENDED%20COMPLAINT%20AND%20RICO%20SIGNED%20COPY%20MED.pdf andOctober 05, 2009 Prepared Statement of Eliot Bernstein to the Judiciary Committee @ http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=165 ].Roy Reardon, Chairman ~ New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department SUICIDE LETTERIII. CONCEALMENT OF OFFICIAL DOCUMENTS AND OTHER PUBLIC OFFICE VIOLATIONSIn Reardons letter, he attempts to exculpate himself from the complaint against himself that he has CONCEALED since I filed it in February 2009,himself claiming the COMPLAINTS were not deemed complaints against him and Friedberg. Further, Reardon attempts to deny he was even aware of the FORMAL COMPLAINT, although referencing the FORMAL COMPLAINT filed against him in February in his own letter? Reardons letter attempts to dismiss the complaints he CONCEALED against himself and others since my February 09, 2009 FORMAL COMPLAINT, saying that he did not feel that it was a FORMAL COMPLAINT against Friedberg and himself. This action on his FORMAL COMPLAINT defies a mass of Rules Regulating the DDC, the Attorney Conduct Code, including but not limited to, DR (Disciplinary Rule) 1-102A 4 and 5, NY Penal Laws (see below) and Law. The attempt is to make it look like he has not CONCEALED the complaints, merely did not see my FORMAL COMPLAINT for what it was, as CONCEALMENT of Public Documents is further a crime as later defined herein. See [ February 09, 2009 Iviewit Complaint Against Reardon and Friedberg @http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090209%20FINAL%20Iviewit%20Response%20to%20First%20Department%20Re%20Conflict%20Foley%20Proskauer%20attorneys%20SIGNED.doc.pdf]Even if they did not deem it a FORMAL COMPLAINT, they still failed to respond in any way to my February COMPLAINT until your request at the September 24, 2009 hearing, more indicative of CONCEALMENT, since Reardon now admits receiving the FORMAL COMPLAINT in February. The denial that the letter was a FORMAL COMPLAINT coming despite direct language in my FORMAL COMPLAINT claiming that it was a FORMAL COMPLAINT, to provide docketing numbers and to pass the new complaints to a NON-CONFLICTED THIRD PARTY. Yet obviously, Mr. Reardon can no longer comprehend reality, read or is attempting to set up an insanity or illiteracy defense. In fact, Reardon claims in the attached letter,We checked our records and found no substantive disciplinary complaint from you against me or Mr. Friedberg filed in 2009. We do have a fax letter from you dated February 9, 2009 which, among several issues, raises questions concerning possible conflicts by Committee Staff and Members in the handling of certain complaints brought by you. We did not deem that letter to be a formal complaint against me and Mr. Friedberg. My letter to Reardon Referencesa February 09, 2009 in fact states specifically the following,Mr. Reardon and Mr. Friedberg, for your conflicted responses and violation of the First Department Rules and Attorney Code of Conduct, I welcome you to the Iviewit affairs with formal New Complaints against both of you with your department and ask that those be forwarded to your counsel the NYAG to have non conflicted parties review the matters versus your highly conflicted offices. [Emphasis Added] The New Complaints are to include anyone else in your offices or on the Committee who took part in any review and decision on the 2008 Complaints filed, as indicated in your letters. Please provide the appropriate information regarding the members involved. [FORMAL COMPLAINT] @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090209%20FINAL%20Iviewit%20Response%20to%20First%20Department%20Re%20Conflict%20Foley%20Proskauer%20attorneys%20SIGNED.doc.pdfFurther, in that very same February 2009 letter, Mssrs. Reardon & Friedberg, please take this letter as a formal complaint against both of you personally and all those who partook in these matters and please docket the New Complaints according to the established procedural rules and laws. [Emphasis Added] Mssrs. Reardon & Friedberg, it is surprising that you are aware of the Old Complaints filed at your department dating back to on or about 2001-2005 that you mention in your letter, which were filed in your office by the Iviewit companies and me. The Old Complaints were transferred to the Second Department as you astutely noted; however, you fail in your letter to mention that they were transferred due to a finding of the Appearance of Impropriety & Conflicts, in those attorney complaints. In notifying authorities of your newest unethical actions and rule violations, please provide me with all of the following information so that I may formally instigate further oversight of your unlawful and unethical behavior: [Emphasis Added]1. List of all reviewers or employees who handled these 2008 Complaints, including all Committee members you reference in your letter,2. Attach complete copies of the files for each separate 2008 Complaint filed and for the Old Complaints filed in your offices,3. Provide individual 2008 Complaint DOCKET numbers, your letter only indicates one 2008-0756, for the following complained of parties:a. The Law Offices of Proskauer Rose LLPb. Foley & Lardner LLPc. Gregg M. Mashberg, Esq.d. Joanna F. Smith, Esq.e. Todd C. Norbitzf. Anne B. Sekelg. Alan W. Friedberg, Esq. (provide Special Inquiry #) [Emphasis Added]h. Roy Reardon, Esq. (provide Special Inquiry #) [Emphasis Added]Rules applicable to the New Complaint against Reardon & Friedberg shall include, but not be limited to, the followingIt would be nearly impossible for Mr. Reardon to make the claim that he did not see that this letter was a FORMAL COMPLAINT against Mr. Friedberg and himself, as it could be no clearer and fully complies with complaint procedures of the DDC. Technically, due to his and the DDCs numerous conflicts, it is again highly unethical even to be reviewing the complaint materials. Again, although citing my February 09, 2009 COMPLAINT, Reardon fails to reckon with the fact that the COMPLAINT clearly demands that he not touch the FORMAL COMPLAINTS as arranged by his counsel the NYAG and yet he disregards his counsel to have the NYAG move the complaints. Brazen, Stupid, Illiterate, Busted, Desperate perhaps but any way you slice it, Reardons response is Conflicted and as such a Violation of his Department Rules, the Attorney Code of Conduct and Law, together causing CRIMINAL OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE and violations of, including but not limited to, the Penal Laws cited below: NY Penal Laws  195.00 Official Misconduct. A public servant is guilty of official misconduct when, with intent to obtain a benefit or deprive another person of a benefit: 1. He commits an act relating to his office but constituting an unauthorized exercise of his official functions, knowing that such act is unauthorized; or 2. He knowingly refrains from performing a duty which is imposed upon him by law or is clearly inherent in the nature of his office.NY Penal Law  175.25 Tampering with public records in the first degree. A person is guilty of tampering with public records in the first degree when, knowing that he does not have the authority of anyone entitled to grant it, and with intent to defraud, he knowingly removes, mutilates, destroys, conceals, makes a false entry in or falsely alters any record or other written instrument filed with, deposited in, or otherwise constituting a record of a public office or public servant. Tampering with public records in the first degree is a class D felony.NY Penal Law  175.20 Tampering with public records in the second degree. A person is guilty of tampering with public records in the second degree when, knowing that he does not have the authority of anyone entitled to grant it, he knowingly removes, mutilates, destroys, conceals, makes a false entry in or falsely alters any record or other written instrument filed with, deposited in,or otherwise constituting a record of a public office or public servant. Tampering with public records in the second degree is a Class A misdemeanorMore despicable is the insanity of Reardon in then attempting to handle and dismiss the COMPLAINTS against himself and Friedberg in his current letter, COMPLAINTS resulting from their conflicted actions dismissing complaints against defendants in my lawsuit while also defendants, months earlier, in what constitutes a CONFLICT OF INTEREST that defines the word CONFLICT. A CONFLICT creating an APPEARANCE OF IMPROPRIETY that acts to OBSTRUCT JUSTICE and DENY DUE PROCESS, leading to a loss of faith in Judiciary System of New York. Seehttp://www.halt.org/about_halt/in_the_news/2007/north_country_gazette_20071110.phpand http://www.halt.org/jip/dir.php?cid=14 and www.halt.org/reform_projects/lawyer_accountability/discipline_system]Finally, in reviewing the rest of Mr. Reardons recent letter we find further insane claims such as, Your previous complaints against former Chief Counsel Thomas Cahill and Mr. Friedberg had been addressed in my January 27, 2009 letter to you. That letter concluded the investigation. [Footnote Added]In fact, the letter was not addressed to me at all, or even carbon copied me and instead sent to an Iviewit company at an unauthorized address. I have no information such company exists in any form at that address and have reported this fact to the NYAG, including information regarding P. Stephen Lamont whom the letter is addressed to and whom Ive asked the NYAG to begin investigation regarding potential securities and other frauds. [It should be noted that the January 27, 2009 letter referenced was not to myself, Eliot Bernstein, but instead to P. Stephen Lamont who has illegally been acting as an Iviewit Technologies Officer, the CEO, of an Iviewit company located 175 King Street in Armonk New York of which no such company to the best of my knowledge ever existed. I have previously made a Motion to Compel at the Second Circuit in my pending case regarding Lamonts illegal behavior with the First Department in attempts to create exonerative letters through fraud in collusion with the DDC, which can be found @ http://iviewit.tv/wordpress ]. Also seehttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090618%20FINAL%20NYAG%20Steven%20Cohen%20Letter%20Re%20Lamont%20Signed.pdfThe claim by Reardon is further absurd in that the complaint against Cahill was part of the complaints transferred by the First Department for further investigation and an integral part of the complaints transferred by First Department COURT ORDER for INVESTIGATION. Per DDC Rules, the complaint against Cahill was transferred for SPECIAL INQUIRY to Martin Gold and has been ongoing for several years and now part of the Federal RICO Complaint I filed. The audacity of Mr. Reardon to NOW, after years, try and usurp that process in the middle of the lawsuit and dismiss the complaints against defendant Cahill again is wholly outside the Rules and Procedures of their Department and wholly unethical due to their conflicts as defendants in the lawsuit. In yet another absurd attempt to deny reality in his October 7, 2009 letter, Reardon attempts to diffuse the fact that my COMPLAINT of February 09, 2009 was a formal request for reconsideration of their illegal and conflicted decision to dismiss complaints against the attorneys acting in conflict before the Scheindlin court. This denial that the dismissal was not properly appealed for reconsideration is a further attempt to try to cover up the fact that he did not follow the Rules and Regulations regarding reconsideration as he CONCEALED the factual COMPLAINT from February until your request for him to give you status. Now Reardon claims,With regard to the 2008 complaints against various attorneys, our January 12, 2009 closing letter advises that you may seek reconsideration of the dismissal by submitting a written request within 30 days. Although we did not deem your February 9, 2009 letter to be such a request, should you wish to have your complaint against those attorneys, and the Committees decision to close it, reviewed by another Committee member in accordance with our rules, please let us know (in writing sent via regular or overnight mail). Although you may continue to contact our office by fax, we require that you mail a hard copy of any faxed material and that it be signed by you.Yet had Reardon read the February 09, 2009 letter I sent, it clearly states,Also, we are filing this letter response to not only reinvestigate the dismissal of case Docket #2008-0756, docketed for an unknown person referenced in Friedbergs letter as the only docket for 6 of the 2008 Complaints [Emphasis Added] but to also complain that the same attorneys continue to act in conflict at the Court of Appeals, constituting further violations of the Attorney Code of Conduct.Reardons attempts at explaining why his office did not take this as a request to appeal their conflicted and illegal dismissal as timely and instead chose to bury it for approximately eight months shows culpability of the CONCEALMENT of ALL OF THE COMPLAINTS AT ISSUE AND NOW OBFUSCATION OF PROCEDURAL RULES THROUGH FURTHER CONCEALMENT. IV. The New York First Department Has an Alleged Cleaner Fixing Disciplinary Complaints for US Attorneys, NY District Attorneys, assistant DAsThe audacity of attempting to dismiss complaints against oneself is par with the course for the Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department it seems, where it has recently been exposed in the ongoing Whistleblower Federal Lawsuit of Christine C. Anderson ( Anderson ) v. The State of New York ( 07cv09599 ) that the DDC has an alleged CLEANER. In a scene more reminiscent of the Gotti trial, which simultaneously was being heard on the 26th Floor of the Federal Courthouse, the First Department ETHICS DEPARTMENT trial on the 15th Floor revealed CRIMINAL allegations of a CLEANER instead. A CLEANER named Naomi F. Goldstein, Deputy Chief Counsel of the DDC, allegedly fixing disciplinary complaints for the US Attorney, the District Attorney and the Assistant District Attorney, according to sworn testimony by inside Whistleblower Anderson, a former Staff Attorney of the New York Supreme Court in the trial before the Honorable US Federal Judge Shira A. Scheindlin ( Scheindlin ). Seehttp://www.free-press-release.com/news-andrew-cuomo-ag-protect-the-people-and-christine-anderson-and-not-crooked-lawyers-and-corrupt-government-employees-1255918900.html and http://www.free-press-release.com/news-gotti-trial-on-26th-floor-nyc-federal-court-was-mirrored-by15th-floor-testimony-of-the-cleaner-naomi-goldstein-whitewashing-attorneys-in-1st-appel-1256265795.htmlThe CLEANER fixing disciplinary complaints in the same Department Reardon and Friedberg are acting Senior Public Officials of ~ imagine that. The highest office guarding the sanctity of the Legal System with control over all licensed attorneys, including Judges, Public Official Lawyers, Regulators, etc. who are licensed in the First Dept district, which includes WallStreet. Perhaps now we see how many of these crimes in Manhattan for the last several years that have destroyed this Great Nation, have CLEANED by regulators. Those in charge of the Last Bastion to the legal system, at the highest Regulatory Capacity, demanding the highest legal ethics, appearing instead to be run mob style, complete with ASSAULTS on Christine Anderson, a CLEANER and retaliation by those she was exposing after she exposed the Whitewashing fingering them. As a Whistleblower, those same officials were responsible for protecting Anderson; instead, they allegedly retaliated against her, including assault and more. All this factually alleged in sworn statements in Scheindlins Federal court.V. Whistleblower Federal Lawsuit Reveals Criminal Allegations of Assault, Whitewashing of Complaints for the US Attorney, District Attorney and Assistant District Attorney, Favored Law Firms and Lawyers and more Requiring Judiciary Committee ActionOn a more damning note, in Federal Court, under Federal Judge Scheindlin, whom herself termed the Anderson case a Whistleblower lawsuit, information alleging criminal activities including Whitewashing of Complaints and Assault were levied. [ October 27, 2009 Letter to Shira A. Scheindlin from Eliot Bernstein @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20091027%20Scheindlin%20Letter%20Regarding%20Anderson%20Criminal%20Elements%20Low.pdfand October 26, 2009 Letter to Shira A. Scheindlin from Terrence Terry Finnan who also testified at the Judiciary Committee Hearing in Albany on June 08. 2009. ] See also, http://www.exposecorruptessex.com/Scheindlin10269.html and http://www.free-press-release.com/news-us-district-judge-sheindlin-in-nyc-called-to-act-on-revealed-corrupt-ny-first-department-attorney-discipline-and-the-actions-of-the-ny-attorney-genera-1256748458.html Whitewashing by former DDC Chief Counsel, Thomas J. Cahill ( Cahill ), Deputy Chief Counsel Sherry K. Cohen,aka the Cleaner, former First Department Clerk of the Court Catherine OHagan Wolfe and others, now entered in the record via sworn testimony of Anderson in the matters. Based on Andersons Whistleblowing allegations the Cleaner ILLEGALLY fixes complaints for the US Attorney, the District Attorney and the Assistant District Attorney through criminal Whitewashing and more, which in turn causes Obstruction, makes it now MANDATORY & LEGALLY OBLIGATORY under Judicial Cannons, Public Office Rules & Regulations, Attorney Conduct Codes and Law, that appropriate authorities formally are notified of the CRIMINAL allegations. PLEASE NOTE that the Anderson case up to this point has been a civil complaint and remains so, therefore the jury apparently cannot even decide on the CRIMINAL ALLEGATIONS until CRIMINAL INVESTIGATIONS and INDICTMENTS produce a CRIMINAL LAWSUIT. Once notified, the Proper Authorities now must begin CRIMINAL INVESTIGATIONS of those individuals named and further begin internal investigations of the Public Offices where Anderson alleged criminal corruption taking place. The appropriate Inspector Generals and others you and the Committee deem apropos should conduct the internal investigations and oversight to PREVENT FURTHER CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.Investigations should include the Inspector General of the Department of Justice, the Inspector General or other such regulatory body(ies) for the New York Supreme Court, the Inspector General for the New York Attorney General, the District Attorney and/or any other investigatory body(ies) you may convene or summon. I have copied many authorities involved in my legally related case to Andersons Federal Lawsuit of this correspondence as official notice as well. Additionally, the Judiciary Committee now is fully informed of the CRIMINAL allegations levied by Anderson from her riveting testimony before the first NY Senate Judiciary Committee hearing held on June 08, 2009, whereby Anderson testified to similar alleged CRIMINAL ACTIVITY in that hearing. [ June 08, 2009 Judiciary Committee Hearing Testimony of Christine C. Anderson @ 32:00 Minutes on the Timeline (whistleblower) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8OX8uuAbw&feature=player_embedded]Therefore, the NY Senate Judiciary Committee has obligations to now report and take appropriate actions and oversight actions having such knowledge of the alleged CRIMES involving the highest offices of the New York Judiciary. The NYAGs office probably a bit conflicted at this point in time to now become involved in the Criminal Investigations, due to the conflicts already caused by the NYAG representing the Anderson state defendants and failing to institute a simultaneous CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION through the Public Integrity Unite and instituting a CHINA WALL PRIOR TO UNDERTAKING REPRESENTATION OF DEFENDANTS. The CONFLICTS now shielding from prosecution those Anderson is blowing the whistle on by this total dereliction of duty and oath to office. The NYAG Public Integrity Unit, where Integrity appears lacking, charged with Whistleblower investigations of PUBLIC OFFICIALS on behalf of the People of New York yet they are none existent as the Conflict of representing those they should be investigating Obstructs their public duty. Due to the Obvious Conflict, it may be a bad idea to summon the NYAG now to investigate their current clients The First Department, as this would only compound the conflicts. The NYAGs prior failure to initiate investigations knowing of these Whistleblower claims long ago and instead embarking on a conflicted, obstructive and sham defense of the accused Public Officials may make it more applicable to begin formal investigations of the NYAG as part of the ever-growing cover up at the highest level of the New York Courts and Prosecutorial Offices. NY Executive Law:  63. General duties. The attorney-general shall:1. Prosecute and defend all actions and proceedings in which the state is interested, and have charge and control of all the legal business of the departments and bureaus of the state, or of any office thereof which requires the services of attorney or counsel, in order to protect the interest of the stateThe NYAG instead of advising their state defendant clients to get counsel due to the Conflict of Interest and Legal Obligations to Protect the Public instead has failed to do anything but put up a SHAM defense in Federal Court to protect the accused, failing duties to the Public and failing, including but not limited to,Public Officers Rule 17 2(b)(b) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (a) of this subdivision, the employee shall be entitled to be represented by the attorney general, provided, however, that the employee shall be entitled to representation by private counsel of his choice in any civil judicial proceeding whenever the attorney general determines based upon his investigation and review of the facts and circumstances of the case that representation by the attorney general would be inappropriate, or whenever a court of competent jurisdiction, upon appropriate motion or by a special proceeding, determines that a conflict of interest exists and that the employee is entitled to be represented by private counsel of his choice. In fact, this conflict is further insipid in that it entirely blocks due process by blocking out investigation by CRIMINAL investigators in the Anderson now CRIMINAL matters. This block acts to OBSTRUCT JUSTICE through CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, VIOLATIONS OF PUBLIC OFFICE RULES & REGULATIONS and LAW and must stop. VI. ConclusionTherefore, to Preclude further violations of law, I, Eliot I. Bernstein, make the following formal requests to the New York Senate Judiciary Committee for action to stop this outrageous, unethical and illegal behavior by:1. Compelling the NYAG to immediately convene a Grand Jury to investigate the NYAG offices, the US Attorney offices, the District and Assistant District Attorney offices, the First Department and the DDC, all fingered by Anderson. 2. Compelling the District Attorney to immediately convene a Grand Jury to investigate the NYAG offices, the US Attorney offices, the District and Assistant District Attorney offices, the First Department and the DDC, all fingered by Anderson. 3. Beginning a Senate Judiciary Committee Task Force IMMEDIATELY to begin investigation and review of all those courts, court personnel and prosecutorial offices who are implicated in these matters, including but not limited to:a. The Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Departmentb. The Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committeec. Thomas Cahill, former Chief Counsel of the DDCd. Sherry K. Cohen, Deputy Chief Counsel of the DDCe. Naomi Goldstein ~ The Cleaner, Deputy Chief Counsel of the DDCf. David Spokony, Deputy Clerk First Departmentg. Catherine OHagan Wolfe, Former Clerk of the First Department and current Clerk of the New York Court of Appeals Southern Districth. Justice Angela M. Mazzarelli of the Appellate Division, First Department4. Forcing removal of all of my disciplinary complaints from the First Department, the DDC and the Second Department for IMMEDIATE INVESTIGATION and by NON-CONFLICTED INVESTIGATORS this time, especially where Anderson named my companies and my complaints filed with the DDC in her original federal lawsuit. Also, based on the fact that several named defendants in the Original Complaint are similar to my lawsuit, for example Thomas Cahill and Catherine OHagan Wolfe and my claims are very similar to what Anderson describes happening from the inside as her statement, Exhibit 2 attached herein illustrates. This also now mandates moving all my complaints, as Cahill and Wolfe are both Defendants in my suit and prescreening new investigators for conflict prior to engaging their services. A Conflict of Interest form is attached at the end of this letter and can be used as an initial Conflict Disclosure Form for anyone and everyone to sign and return who is reading the letter herein prior to undertaking any action. I quote from Andersons Original Lawsuit [October 28, 2007 Anderson Original Complaint http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/anderson/20071028%20Anderson%20Original%20Filing.pdfon Page 24-25],96.  Upon information and belief, sources within the DDC stated that Plaintiff posed a threat of further disclosures, since Cahill and Cohen knew that Plaintiff was aware of other misconduct on their part.97. Upon information and belief, defendants also state that the timing of the Plaintiffs abrupt firing was connected to the newly circulated revelations concerning Cahills status as an individually named defendant in a lawsuit entitled In the Matter of Complaints Against Attorneys and Counselors-At-Law; Kenneth Rubenstein  Docket 2003.0531; Raymond Joao  Docket 2003.0532; Steven C. Krane - Docket Pending Review By Paul J. Curran, Esq. - Thomas J. Cahill J. Cahill- Docket Pending By Special Counsel Martin R. Gold On Advisement of Paul J. Curran (Separate Motion Attached); and the Law Firm of Proskauer Rose, LLP; Eliot I. Bernstein, Pro Se and P. Stephen Lamont Both Individually and On Behalf of Shareholders of: Iviewit Corporation, et al, Petitioner. That lawsuit was filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, Appellate Division: First Department.Especially, where prior misconduct by DDC Officers led to Unanimous Consent by Five First Department Justices for INVESTIGATION of CONFLICTS OF INTERESTS & THE APPEARANCE OF IMPROPRIETY several years ago, revolving around these same matters, which were further BURIED and COVERED UP by CONFLICTED members of the SECOND DEPARTMENT DDC and the SECOND DEPARTMENT.5. Beginning investigations into the Second Department and Second Department DDC for their illegal obstructive behavior in defiance of the First Department Court Orders and beginning similar Grand Jury and Judiciary Committee Task Force actions as those stated in 1 & 2 above.6. Immediately suspending all First Department and Second Department Officers from handling complaints against themselves or the complaints of the legally related cases to Christine C. Anderson that legally are related by Judge Scheindlin marking them so.7. Immediately oversight the US Federal Court of Scheindlin to force compliance with Judicial Cannons and Law that compel that court to now notify the proper authorities of the CRIMINAL ELEMENTS of the Anderson claims and need for immediate INVESTIGATION by all applicable oversight authorities.8. Calling a Federal Monitor to Oversight the New York State Courts.Please formally and in writing respond to this letter with exact language as to what your offices can do to intercede in any way in these matters. I again thank you and the Judiciary Committee for your bold and courageous efforts already on behalf of the People of New York and my personal family to right the many wrongs and corruptions that have disabled the state.Respectfully Yours, _____________________Eliot I. BernsteinFounder & InventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresshttp://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliot cc/ec:The Honorable Barack Hussein Obama IIPresidentUnited States of AmericaThe Honorable Glenn A. FineInspector GeneralUnited States Department of JusticeThe Honorable John Conyers Jr.ChairmanHouse Judiciary CommitteeThe Honorable United States Senator Dianne FeinsteinSenate Judiciary CommitteeHon. Eric H. Holder, Jr.United States Attorney GeneralUS Department of Justice950 Pennsylvania AvenueWashington, D.C. 20530-0001The Honorable Elena KaganSolicitor GeneralUS Department of JusticeRobert S. Mueller, III.DirectorFederal Bureau of InvestigationCandice M. WillAssistant Director, Office of Professional ResponsibilityFederal Bureau of InvestigationThe Honorable Shira A. Scheindlin, United States District Court ~ Southern District of New YorkThe Honorable Harry I. MoatzDirector, Office of Enrollment & DisciplineUnited States Patent & Trademark OfficeTodd J. ZinserInspector GeneralUnited States Department of CommerceDavid KapposUnder Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark OfficeUnited States Patent & Trademark OfficeJohn J. DollCommissioner for PatentsUnited States Patent and Trademark OfficeDavid L. GouvaiaTreasury Inspector General for Tax AdministrationMary L. SchapiroChairpersonUnited States Securities and Exchange CommissionPeter L. McClintockActing Inspector GeneralSmall Business AdministrationChris P. MercerPresidentInstitute of Professional Representatives before the European Patent Office (epi)Steven Michael CohenCounselor and Chief of Staff for Andrew CuomoNew York Office of the Attorney GeneralJoseph M. Demarest, Jr.FBI Assistant Director in Charge of the New York Division, 26 Federal Plaza, 23rd FloorNew York, NY 10278-0004David A. PatersonGovernorNew York StateNew York Senate Judiciary Committee Members: sampson@senate.state.ny.us, onorato@senate.state.ny.us, schneiderman@schneiderman.org, schneiderman@senate.state.ny.us, hassellt@senate.state.ny.us, diaz@senate.state.ny.us, jdklein@senate.state.ny.us, eadams@senate.state.ny.us, espada@senate.state.ny.us, breslin@senate.state.ny.us, dilan@senate.state.ny.us, savino@senate.state.ny.us, perkins@senate.state.ny.us, maziarz@senate.state.ny.us, jdefranc@senate.state.ny.us, volker@senate.state.ny.us, saland@senate.state.ny.us, lavalle@senate.state.ny.us, bonacic@senate.state.ny.us, winner@senate.state.ny.us, nozzolio@senate.state.ny.us, lanza@senate.state.ny.us, ranz@senate.state.ny.us, spotts@senate.state.ny.us. Hon. Andrew CuomoAttorney GeneralOffice of the Attorney GeneralThe CapitolAlbany, NY 12224-0341and120 BroadwayNew York City, NY10271-0332 Monica Connell, Esq.Assistant Attorney General - Division of State Counsel Litigation Bureau, State of New York Office of the Attorney General120 BroadwayNew York City, NY10271-0332 Thomas P. DiNapoliComptrollerState of New YorkRobert Morris MorgenthauDistrict Attorney of New York CountyOne Hogan PlaceNew York, NY 10013212-335-9000Lovett & Bellatoni37A Saw Mill River Road, RT 9AHawthorne, NY 10532Select PressSelect Iviewit Shareholders and Patent Interest HoldersEnclosure(s)/Attachment(s)Uniform Resource Locator(s) All Uniform Resource Locators ( URL ) incorporated in entirety by reference hereincmb/eibExhibit 1Exhibit 2  Christine C. Anderson StatementChristine C. AndersonAttorney at Law227 Riverside Drive, Ste. 2NNew York, New York 10025September 13, 2009 (via Confirmed Overnight Delivery)The Hon. Eric H. Holder, Jr.Attorney General of the United StatesOffice of the Attorney GeneralUnited States Department of Justice950 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.Washington, D.C. 20530-0001 The Hon. Preet BhararaUnited States Attorney for the Southern District of New YorkUnited States Department of JusticeOne St. Andrews PlazaNew York, New York 10007Hon. William M. Welch IIChief, Public Integrity UnitUnited States Department of Justice950 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.Washington, D.C. 20530-0001The Hon. John L. Sampson,ChairmanNew York State Senate Judiciary Committee409 Legislative Office BuildingAlbany, NY 12247Re: Request for Federal Investigation Into Allegations of Corruption and Witness Intimidation and Appointment of Federal MonitorGentlemen:My name is Christine C. Anderson. For six and one-half years, I was a Principal Attorney of the New York State Appellate Division, First Departments Departmental Disciplinary Committee (the DDC). The DDC is responsible for investigating and disciplining attorneys found guilty of misconduct in representing the public in the Bronx and Manhattan. After discovering and reporting of acts of misconduct and corruption at the DDC, which acts constituted an abuse of power and a fraud upon the public, my employment was summarily terminated in June, 2007.Prior to my employment with the DDC, I was in private practice for over twenty years. Before that, I worked for the Human Resources Administration of New York City. In other words, I am a thoroughly seasoned attorney, with a broad based knowledge of general practice. As a result of my wrongful termination in retaliation for my reporting misconduct in violation of my First Amendment rights, I instituted a lawsuit captioned Anderson v. State of New York, et al., 07 Civ. 9599 (S.D.N.Y. 2007). (A copy of my complaint in this action is attached hereto as Exhibit A.) Specifically, I discovered and reported that employees of the DDC had engaged in, inter alia, the whitewashing [of] complaints of misconduct leveled against certain select attorneys and law firms. This whitewashing sometimes involved burying cases or destroying evidence, so that certain complaints were inevitably, unavoidably, dismissed. I witnessed this destruction of evidence myself. Other reported misconduct involves victimizing attorneys lacking privileged positions or connections. Although the then Chief Counsel of the DDC, Thomas Cahill, stepped down in 2007, evidence clearly establishes that under the leadership of Alan Friedberg, the current Chief Counsel, the same practice of corruption and whitewashing of complaints continues. Such practice robs the public of any hope at justice; it also works to the detriment of the very public the DDC is duty-bound to serve. During the course of my litigation against the DDC, a former colleague of mine, who still works as a Principal Attorney at the DDC, agreed to testify on my behalf at a deposition. This former colleague, Nicole Corrado, has been employed by the DDC for approximately eight years, prior to which she worked as a prosecutor for New York State. On the morning of her deposition, however, while en route to her deposition, Ms. Corrado was approached on the street by a supervisor at the DDC, who threatened and intimidated her with respect to her upcoming deposition testimony. Although terribly shaken, Ms. Corrado nonetheless sat for her deposition and testified truthfully. Following her deposition, however, Ms. Corrado has been subjected to further harassment and intimidation at the hands of the DDC. She has been forced to take a leave of absence as a result.On June 8, 2009, I testified at a hearing convened by John L. Sampson, New York State Senator and Chairman of the New York State Standing Committee On The Judiciary. (A copy of my affidavit submitted to the Committee is attached hereto as Exhibit B.) At that hearing, several witnesses testified as to their shocking experiences with the grievance and judiciary committees in New York State. Shockingly, within days of my testimony, in my lawsuit, my sealed medical and psychiatric records were filed and posted publicly on the courts Internet filing system by counsel for the defendants  i.e., the New York State Attorney Generals Office. I regard those actions as horrifically unethical and malicious, and taken in deliberate retaliation for my testifying at the Senate hearing.The detailed testimony presented by innumerable witnesses at the June 8th Senate hearing reveals the manifold reports of corruption and abuse by the States Disciplinary Committees. (A copy of the transcript of this hearing is attached hereto as Exhibit C.) Charges included concealment of evidence, obstruction of justice, extortionate sexual threats by attorneys, pilfering of estates by attorneys, abuse of power, fraud, conspiracy and repeated violations of state and federal constitutional rights.In light of the foregoing, it is plain that the enduring practice of allowing attorneys in this state to police themselves is fundamentally flawed. With the numerous reports of abuse by both attorneys and state officials, the corruption in the court system has reached a critical stage. Accordingly, I respectfully request that you authorize the appointment of a Special Prosecutor to investigate the epidemic of honest services fraud in the New York state court system, and the appointment of a Federal Monitor, to oversee the lawful operation of the same. Thank you for your time and attention. I look forward to your response.Very truly yours,Christine C. Andersoncc w/o enc:The Hon. David A. PatersonNew York State GovernorOffice of the Governor of New York StateState CapitolAlbany, New York 12224The Hon. Boyd M. Johnson IIIDeputy United States Attorney for theSouthern District of New YorkPublic Corruption UnitUnited States Department of JusticeOne St. Andrews PlazaNew York, New York 10007The Hon. Loretta A. PreskaChief U.S. District JudgeUnited States CourthouseSouthern District of New York500 Pearl StreetNew York, New York 10007-1312The Hon. Andrew M. CuomoNew York State Attorney GeneralOffice of the Attorney General of New York StateThe CapitolAlbany, New York 12224-0341The Hon. Luis A. GonzalezPresiding Justice, New York State Appellate Division,1st Department27 Madison AvenueNew York, New York 10010The Hon. Joseph M. Demarest, Jr.Assistant Director in Charge, New York Division26 Federal Plaza, 23rd FloorNew York, New York 10278-0004End Anderson Letter******The Committee should take URGENT notice of the following information exposed by the Internet Legal Site, Expose Corrupt Courts, in relation to Andersons claims perhaps of Targeting Federal Witnesses for Harassment, I again quote and read into the record @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2008/11/breaking-news.html : FBI Probes Threats on Federal Witnesses in NY Ethics ScandalCONFLICT OF INTEREST DISCLOSUREPlease accept and return signed the following Conflict of Interest (COI) Disclosure Form before continuing further with adjudication, review or investigation of the attached Motion Information Statement  Motion for Extension of Time and any materials relating to Eliot Bernstein and or the Iviewit companies as listed herein, failure to comply may result in criminal and civil charges against you. This Conflict of Interest Disclosure Form is designed to ensure that the review and any determinations from such review of the enclosed materials will not be biased by any conflicting financial interest or any other conflicting interest by those reviewers responsible for the handling of this confidential information with the main alleged perpetrators of the alleged crimes in these matters. Disclosure forms with Yes answers to any of the following questions are requested not to open the remainder of the documents or opine in any manner and instead forward the matters on to the next available reviewer that is free of conflict that can sign and complete the disclosure. Please identify conflicts that you have in writing upon terminating your involvement in the matters. As many of these alleged perpetrators are large law firms, members of various state and federal courts and officers of federal, state and local law enforcement agencies, careful review and disclosure of any conflict with those named herein is pertinent in your continued handling of these matters. As these matters involve claims of conflicts, violations of public offices, interference with complaints in the Supreme Court of New York, coercion, document destruction, obstructions of justice, the need for prescreening for conflict is essential to the administration of due process in these matters. Federal Judge Shira A. Scheindlin has legally related these matters to a Whistleblower Lawsuit who alleges similar claims of public office corruption against Supreme Court of New York personnel and possibly others. Please take this as a formal written request for full disclosure of any conflict on your part, such request conforming with all applicable state and federal laws, public office rules and regulations, attorney conduct codes and judicial cannons or other international law and treatises.Failure to comply with all applicable conflict disclosure rules, regulations and laws prior to continued action on your part will be cause for the filing of complaints against you for any decisions or actions you make prior to a signed Conflict Of Interest Disclosure Form with all applicable regulatory agencies. Complaints will be filed with all appropriate authorities, including but not limited to, Public Integrity Officials, Judicial Conduct Officials, State and Federal Bar Associations, Disciplinary Departments and all appropriate law enforcement agencies for failing to follow well established rules and regulations governing public office conflict, attorney conduct conflicts, judicial conduct and law.I. Do you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate have, any direct or indirect relations (relationships), or interest in any outside entity or any direct or indirect relations (relationships) to the following parties to the proceeding of the matters you are reviewing: 1. Proskauer Rose, LLP; Alan S. Jaffe - Chairman Of The Board - (Jaffe); Kenneth Rubenstein - (Rubenstein); Robert Kafin - Managing Partner - (Kafin); Christopher C. Wheeler - (Wheeler); Steven C. Krane - (Krane); Stephen R. Kaye - (S. Kaye) and in his estate with New York Supreme Court Chief Judge Judith Kaye (J. Kaye); Matthew Triggs - (Triggs); Christopher Pruzaski - (Pruzaski); Mara Lerner Robbins - (Robbins); Donald Thompson - (Thompson); Gayle Coleman; David George; George A. Pincus; Gregg Reed; Leon Gold - (Gold); Albert Gortz - (Gortz); Marcy Hahn-Saperstein; Kevin J. Healy - (Healy); Stuart Kapp; Ronald F. Storette; Chris Wolf; Jill Zammas; FULL LIST OF 601 liable Proskauer Partners; any other John Doe (John Doe) Proskauer partner, affiliate, company, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Proskauer ROSE LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Proskauer related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;2. MELTZER, LIPPE, GOLDSTEIN, WOLF & SCHLISSEL, P.C.; Lewis Melzter - (Meltzer); Raymond Joao - (Joao); Frank Martinez - (Martinez); Kenneth Rubenstein - (Rubenstein); FULL LIST OF 34 Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C. liable Partners; any other John Doe (John Doe) Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C. partner, affiliate, company, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C.; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;3. FOLEY & LARDNER LLP; Ralf Boer (Boer); Michael Grebe (Grebe); Christopher Kise (Kise); William J. Dick - (Dick); Steven C. Becker - (Becker); Douglas Boehm - (Boehm); Barry Grossman - (Grossman); Jim Clark - (Clark); any other John Doe (John Doe) Foley & Lardner partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Foley & Lardner; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Foley & Lardner related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;4. Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP; Richard Schiffrin - (Schiffrin); Andrew Barroway - (Barroway); Krishna Narine - (Narine); any other John Doe (John Doe) Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;5. Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP; Norman Zafman - (Zafman); Thomas Coester - (Coester); Farzad Ahmini - (Ahmini); George Hoover - (Hoover); any other John Doe (John Doe) Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;6. Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP; Martyn W. Molyneaux - (Molyneaux); Michael Dockterman - (Dockterman); FULL LIST OF 198 Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP liable Partners; any other John Doe (John Doe) Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;7. Christopher & Weisberg, P.A.; Alan M. Weisberg - (Weisberg); any other John Doe (John Doe) Christopher & Weisberg, P.A. partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Christopher & Weisberg, P.A.; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Christopher & Weisberg, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;8. YAMAKAWA INTERNATIONAL PATENT OFFICE; Masaki Yamakawa - (Yamakawa); any other John Doe (John Doe) Yamakawa International Patent Office partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Yamakawa International Patent Office; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Yamakawa International Patent Office related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;9. GOLDSTEIN LEWIN & CO.; Donald J. Goldstein - (Goldstein); Gerald R. Lewin - (Lewin); Erika Lewin - (E. Lewin); Mark R. Gold; Paul Feuerberg; Salvatore Bochicchio; Marc H. List; David A. Katzman; Robert H. Garick; Robert C. Zeigen; Marc H. List; Lawrence A. Rosenblum; David A. Katzman; Brad N. Mciver; Robert Cini; any other John Doe (John Doe) Goldstein & Lewin Co. partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Goldstein & Lewin Co.; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Goldstein & Lewin Co. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;10. INTEL Corporation;11. Silicon Graphics Inc.;12. Lockheed Martin Corporation;13. Real 3D, Inc. (SILICON GRAPHICS, INC., LOCKHEED MARTIN & INTEL) & RYJO; Gerald Stanley - (Stanley); Ryan Huisman - (Huisman); RYJO - (RYJO); Tim Connolly - (Connolly); Steve Cochran; David Bolton; Rosalie Bibona - (Bibona); Connie Martin; Richard Gentner; Steven A. Behrens; Matt Johannsen; any other John Doe (John Doe) Intel, Real 3D, Inc. (Silicon Graphics, Inc., Lockheed Martin & Intel) & RYJO partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Intel, Real 3D, Inc. (Silicon Graphics, Inc., Lockheed Martin & Intel) & RYJO; Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Intel, Real 3D, Inc. (Silicon Graphics, Inc., Lockheed Martin & Intel) & RYJO related or affiliated entities, and any successor companies both individually and professionally;14. Tiedemann Investment Group; Bruce T. Prolow (Prolow); Carl Tiedemann (C. Tiedemann); Andrew Philip Chesler; Craig L. Smith; any other John Doe (John Doe) Tiedemann Investment Group partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Tiedemann Investment Group and any other Tiedemann Investment Group related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;15. Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners; Stephen J. Warner - (Warner); Rene P. Eichenberger - (Eichenberger); H. Hickman Hank Powell - (Powell); Maurice Buchsbaum - (Buchsbaum); Eric Chen - (Chen); Avi Hersh; Matthew Shaw - (Shaw); Bruce W. Shewmaker - (Shewmaker); Ravi M. Ugale - (Ugale); any other John Doe (John Doe) Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners and any other Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;16. BROAD & CASSEL; James J. Wheeler - (J. Wheeler); Kelly Overstreet Johnson - (Johnson); any other John Doe (John Doe) Broad & Cassell partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Broad & Cassell and any other Broad & Cassell related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;17. FORMER IVIEWIT MANAGEMENT & BOARD; Brian G. Utley/Proskauer Referred Management - (Utley); Raymond Hersh - (Hersh)/; Michael Reale - (Reale)/Proskauer Referred Management; Rubenstein/Proskauer Rose Shareholder in Iviewit - Advisory Board; Wheeler/Proskauer Rose Shareholder in Iviewit - Advisory Board; Dick/Foley & Lardner - Advisory Board, Boehm/Foley & Lardner - Advisory Board; Becker/Foley & Lardner; Advisory Board; Joao/Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolfe & Schlissel - Advisory Board; Kane/Goldman Sachs - Board Director; Lewin/Goldstein Lewin - Board Director; Ross Miller, Esq. (Miller), Prolow/Tiedemann Prolow II - Board Director; Powell/Crossbow Ventures/Proskauer Referred Investor - Board Director; Maurice Buchsbaum - Board Director; Stephen Warner - Board Director; Simon L. Bernstein  Board Director (S. Bernstein); any other John Doe (John Doe) Former Iviewit Management & Board partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Former Iviewit Management & Board and any other Former Iviewit Management & Board related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;18. FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT - WEST PALM BEACH FLORIDA; Judge Jorge LABARGA - (Labarga); any other John Doe (John Doe) FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT - WEST PALM BEACH FLORIDA staff, known or not known to have been involved at the time. Hereinafter, collectively referred to as (15C);19. THE SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION: FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT, DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE; Thomas Cahill - (Cahill); Joseph Wigley - (Wigley); Steven Krane, any other John Doe (John Doe) of THE SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION: FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT, DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE staff, known or not known to have been involved at the time;20. THE FLORIDA BAR; Lorraine Christine Hoffman - (Hoffman); Eric Turner - (Turner); Kenneth Marvin - (Marvin); Anthony Boggs - (Boggs); Joy A. Bartmon - (Bartmon); Kelly Overstreet Johnson - (Johnson); Jerald Beer - (Beer); Matthew Triggs; Christopher or James Wheeler; any other John Doe (John Doe) The Florida Bar staff, known or not known to have been involved at the time;21. MPEGLA, LLC.  Kenneth Rubenstein, Patent Evaluator; Licensors and Licensees, please visit www.mpegla.com for a complete list; Columbia University; Fujitsu Limited; General Instrument Corp; Lucent Technologies Inc.; Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.; Mitsubishi Electric Corp.; Philips Electronics N.V. (Philips); Scientific Atlanta, Inc.; Sony Corp. (Sony); EXTENDED LIST OF MPEGLA LICENSEES AND LICENSORS; any other John Doe MPEGLA, LLC. Partner, Associate, Engineer, Of Counsel or Employee; any other John Doe (John Doe) MPEGLA, LLC partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to MPEGLA, LLC and any other MPEGLA, LLC related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;22. DVD6C LICENSING GROUP - Licensors and Licensees, please visit www.mpegla.com for a complete list; Toshiba Corporation; Hitachi, Ltd.; Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd.; Mitsubishi Electric Corporation; Time Warner Inc.; Victor Company Of Japan, Ltd.; EXTENDED DVD6C DEFENDANTS; any other John Doe DVD6C LICENSING GROUP Partner, Associate, Engineer, Of Counsel or Employee; any other John Doe (John Doe) DVD6C LICENSING GROUP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to DVD6C LICENSING GROUP and any other DVD6C LICENSING GROUP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;23. Harrison Goodard Foote incorporating Brewer & Son; Martyn Molyneaux, Esq. (Molyneaux); Any other John Doe (John Doe) Harrison Goodard Foote (incorporating Brewer & Son) partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Harrison Goodard Goote incorporating Brewer & Son and any other related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;24. Lawrence DiGiovanna, Chairman of the Grievance Committee of the Second Judicial Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee; 25. James E. Peltzer, Clerk of the Court of the Appellate Division, Supreme Court of the State of New York, Second Judicial Department; Diana Kearse, Chief Counsel to the Grievance Committee of the Second Judicial Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee; 26. Houston & Shahady, P.A., any other John Doe (John Doe) Houston & Shahady, P.A., affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Houston & Shahady, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;27. Furr & Cohen, P.A. any other John Doe (John Doe) Furr & Cohen, P.A., affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Furr & Cohen, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;28. Moskowitz, Mandell, Salim & Simowitz, P.A., any other John Doe (John Doe) Moskowitz, Mandell, Salim & Simowitz, P.A., affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Moskowitz, Mandell, Salim & Simowitz, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;29. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Jeffrey Friedstein (Friedstein); Sheldon Friedstein (S. Friedstein), Donald G. Kane (Kane); any other John Doe (John Doe) The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and any other related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;30. David B. Simon, Esq. (D. Simon);31. Sachs Saxs & Klein, PA any other John Doe (John Doe) Sachs Saxs & Klein, PA, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Sachs Saxs & Klein, PA related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;32. Huizenga Holdings Incorporated any other John Doe (John Doe) Huizenga Holdings Incorporated affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Huizenga Holdings Incorporated related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;33. Davis Polk & Wardell;34. Ropes & Gray LLP;35. Sullivan & Cromwell LLP;36. Judge Martin Glenn at the United States Bankruptcy Court ~ Southern District of New York 37. Eliot I. Bernstein, (Bernstein) a resident of the State of California, and former President (Acting) of Iviewit Holdings, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries and the founder of Iviewit and principal inventor of its technology;38. P. Stephen Lamont, (Lamont) a resident of the State of New York, and former Chief Executive Officer (Acting) of Iviewit Holdings, Inc. and all of its affiliates and subsidiaries;39. SKULL AND BONES; The Russell Trust Co.; Yale Law School;40. Council on Foreign Relations;41. The Bilderberg Group;42. The Federalist Society;43. The Bradley Foundation;44. Please include in the COI check the defendants and any other parties in the legally related case of New York District Court Southern District of New York Docket No (07cv09599) Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT;A. United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit 08-4873-cv B. (07cv11196) Bernstein et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. - TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUIT Defendants, in addition to those already listed herein, include but are not limited to;1. STATE OF NEW YORK;2. THE OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION OF THE UNIFIED COURT SYSTEM;3. STEVEN C. KRANE in his official and individual Capacities for the New York State Bar Association and the Appellate Division First Department Departmental disciplinary Committee, and, his professional and individual capacities as a Proskauer partner;4. ESTATE OF STEPHEN KAYE, in his professional and individual capacities;5. MATTHEW M. TRIGGS in his official and individual capacity for The Florida Bar and his professional and individual capacities as a partner of Proskauer;6. JON A. BAUMGARTEN, in his professional and individual capacities;7. SCOTT P. COOPER, in his professional and individual capacities;8. BRENDAN J. OROURKE, in his professional and individual capacities;9. LAWRENCE I. WEINSTEIN, in his professional and individual capacities;10. WILLIAM M. HART, in his professional and individual capacities;11. DARYN A. GROSSMAN, in his professional and individual capacities;12. JOSEPH A. CAPRARO JR., in his professional and individual capacities;13. JAMES H. SHALEK; in his professional and individual capacities;14. GREGORY MASHBERG, in his professional and individual capacities;15. JOANNA SMITH, in her professional and individual capacities;16. TODD C. NORBITZ, in his professional and individual capacities;17. ANNE SEKEL, in his professional and individual capacities;18. JIM CLARK, in his professional and individual capacities;19. STATE OF FLORIDA, OFFICE OF THE STATE COURTS ADMINISTRATOR, FLORIDA;20. FLORIDA SUPREME COURT;21. HON. CHARLES T. WELLS, in his official and individual capacities;22. HON. HARRY LEE ANSTEAD, in his official and individual capacities;23. HON. R. FRED LEWIS, in his official and individual capacities;24. HON. PEGGY A. QUINCE, in his official and individual capacities;25. HON. KENNETH B. BELL, in his official and individual capacities;26. THOMAS HALL, in his official and individual capacities;27. DEBORAH YARBOROUGH in her official and individual capacities;28. DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL REGULATION  FLORIDA;29. CITY OF BOCA RATON, FLA.;30. ROBERT FLECHAUS in his official and individual capacities;31. ANDREW SCOTT in his official and individual capacities;32. PAUL CURRAN in his official and individual capacities;33. MARTIN R. GOLD in his official and individual capacities;34. SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION FIRST DEPARTMENT;35. CATHERINE OHAGEN WOLFE in her official and individual capacities;36. HON. ANGELA M. MAZZARELLI in her official and individual capacities;37. HON. RICHARD T. ANDRIAS in his official and individual capacities;38. HON. DAVID B. SAXE in his official and individual capacities;39. HON. DAVID FRIEDMAN in his official and individual capacities; 40. HON. LUIZ A. GONZALES in his official and individual capacities; 41. SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT; 42. SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND DEPARTMENT DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE;43. HON. A. GAIL PRUDENTI in her official and individual capacities;44. HON. JUDITH S. KAYE in her official and individual capacities;45. STATE OF NEW YORK COMMISSION OF INVESTIGATION;46. ANTHONY CARTUSCIELLO in his official and individual capacities;47. LAWYERS FUND FOR CLIENT PROTECTION OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK; 48. OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK;49. ELIOT SPITZER in his official and individual capacities, as both former Attorney General for the State of New York, and, as former Governor of the State of New York;50. COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA;51. VIRGINIA STATE BAR;52. ANDREW H. GOODMAN in his official and individual capacities;53. NOEL SENGEL in her official and individual capacities;54. MARY W. MARTELINO in her official and individual capacities;55. LIZBETH L. MILLER, in her official and individual capacities;56. MPEGLA LLC; LAWRENCE HORN, in his professional and individual capacities;57. INTEL CORP.; LARRY PALLEY, in his professional and individual capacities;58. SILICON GRAPHICS, INC.; 59. LOCKHEED MARTIN Corp;60. EUROPEAN PATENT OFFICE;61. ALAIN POMPIDOU in his official and individual capacities;62. WIM VAN DER EIJK in his official and individual capacities;63. LISE DYBDAHL in her official and personal capacities;64. DIGITAL INTERACTIVE STREAMS, INC.; 65. ROYAL OBRIEN, in his professional and individual capacities;66. HUIZENGA HOLDINGS INCORPORATED, WAYNE HUIZENGA, in his professional and individual capacities;67. WAYNE HUIZENGA, JR., in his professional and individual capacities;68. BART A. HOUSTON, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities;69. BRADLEY S. SCHRAIBERG, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities;70. WILLIAM G. SALIM, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities;71. BEN ZUCKERMAN, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities;72. SPENCER M. SAX, in his professional and individual capacities;73. ALBERTO GONZALES in his official and individual capacities;74. JOHNNIE E. FRAZIER in his official and individual capacities;75. IVIEWIT, INC., a Florida corporation;76. IVIEWIT, INC., a Delaware corporation;77. IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Uview.com, Inc.);78. UVIEW.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation;79. IVIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Iviewit Holdings, Inc.);80. IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Florida corporation;81. IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Florida corporation;82. I.C., INC., a Florida corporation;83. IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation;84. IVIEWIT.COM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;85. IVIEWIT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;86. IVIEWIT CORPORATION, a Florida corporation;87. IBM CORPORATION;C. Cases @ US District Court - Southern District NY1. (07cv09599) Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT;2. (07cv11196) Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.;3. (07cv11612) Esposito v The State of New York, et al.;4. (08cv00526) Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.;5. (08cv02391) McKeown v The State of New York, et al.;6. (08cv02852) Galison v The State of New York, et al.;7. (08cv03305) Carvel v The State of New York, et al.; 8. (08cv4053) Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al.;9. (08cv4438) Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al.;10. (08 cv 6368) John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New York45. Any other known or unknown person or known or unknown entity not named herein that will cause your review of the complaint you are charged with investigating to be biased by any conflicting past, present, or future financial interest or any other interest? _____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any identified conflicted parties on a separate and attached sheet fully disclosing all information regarding the conflict. If the answer is Yes, please describe the relations, relationships and / or interests and please affirm whether such presents a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind.II. Do you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate, receive salary or other remuneration or financial considerations from any entity related to the enclosed parties to the proceeding of the matters including but not limited to campaign contributions whether direct, in kind or of any type at all?_____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any identified conflicted parties on a separate and attached sheet fully disclosing all information regarding the conflict. If the answer is Yes, please describe the relations, relationships and / or interests and please affirm whether such presents a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind.III. Have you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate, had any prior conversations with any person related to the proceeding of the Iviewit or related matters?_____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any identified conflicted parties on a separate and attached sheet fully disclosing all information regarding the conflict. If the answer is Yes, please describe the relations, relationships and / or interests and please affirm whether such presents a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind.IV. I have run a thorough and exhaustive Conflict of Interest check to conform with any and all state, federal or local laws and any professional association rules and regulations obligating such check and/or disclosure to verify that my spouse, my dependents, and I in the aggregate, have no conflicts with any parties._____NO ____YESV. I have notified all parties with any liabilities regarding my continued actions in these matters, including state agencies, insurance concerns or any other person with liability that may result from my actions in these matters._____NO ____YESRelevant Sections of Judicial Cannons, Attorney Conduct Codes and LawConflict of Interest LawsConflict of interest indicates a situation where a private interest may influence a public decision. Conflict of Interest Laws are laws and regulations designed to prevent conflicts of interest. These laws may contain provisions related to financial or asset disclosure, exploitation of ones official position and privileges, regulation of campaign practices, etc.New York State Consolidated Laws PenalARTICLE 200 BRIBERY INVOLVING PUBLIC SERVANTS AND RELATED OFFENSESS 200.03 Bribery in the second degreeS 200.04 Bribery in the first degreeS 200.05 Bribery; defenseS 200.10 Bribe receiving in the third degreeS 200.11 Bribe receiving in the second degreeS 200.12 Bribe receiving in the first degreeS 200.15 Bribe receiving; no defenseS 200.20 Rewarding official misconduct in the second degreeS 200.22 Rewarding official misconduct in the first degree S 200.25 Receiving reward for official misconduct in the second degreeS 200.27 Receiving reward for official misconduct in the first degreeS 200.30 Giving unlawful gratuitiesS 200.35 Receiving unlawful gratuitiesS 200.40 Bribe giving and bribe receiving for public office; definition of termS 200.45 Bribe giving for public officeS 200.50 Bribe receiving for public officeARTICLE 175 OFFENSES INVOLVING FALSE WRITTEN STATEMENTSS 175.05 Falsifying business records in the second degree. S 175.10 Falsifying business records in the first degree.S 175.15 Falsifying business records; defenseS 175.20 Tampering with public records in the second degreeS 175.25 Tampering with public records in the first degree S 175.30 Offering a false instrument for filing in the second degreeS 175.35 Offering a false instrument for filing in the first degreeNY Constitution ARTICLE XIII Public OfficersPublic Officers - Public Officers ARTICLE 1ARTICLE 2 Appointment and Qualification of Public Officers - ARTICLE 15 ATTORNEYS AND COUNSELORSS 468-b. Clients` security fund of the state of New YorkS 476-a. Action for unlawful practice of the lawS 476-b. Injunction to restrain defendant from unlawful practice of the lawS 476-c. Investigation by the attorney-generalS 487. Misconduct by attorneysS 488. Buying demands on which to bring an action.Public Officers Law SEC 73 Restrictions on the Activities Of Current and Former State Officers and EmployeesPublic Officers Law SEC 74 Code of EthicsConflicts of Interest Law, found in Chapter 68 of the New York City Charter, the Citys Financial Disclosure Law, set forth in section 12-110 of the New York City Administrative Code, and the Lobbyist Gift Law, found in sections 3-224 through 3-228 of the Administrative Code.TITLE 18 FEDERAL CODE & OTHER APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAWTITLE 18 PART I CH 11Sec. 201. Bribery of public officials and witnessesSec. 225. - Continuing financial crimes enterpriseBRIBERY, GRAFT, AND CONFLICTS OF INTERESTSec. 205. - Activities of officers and employees in claims against and other matters affecting the GovernmentSec. 208. - Acts affecting a personal financial interestSec. 210. - Offer to procure appointive public officeSec. 225. - Continuing financial crimes enterpriseTITLE 18 PART I CH 79 Sec 1623 - False declarations before grand jury or courtSec 654 - Officer or employee of United States converting property of anotherTITLE 18 PART I CH 73 Sec 1511 - Obstruction of State or local law enforcementTITLE 18 PART I CH 96 Sec 1961 RACKETEER INFLUENCED AND CORRUPT Organizations (RICO)Section 1503 (relating to obstruction of justice),Section 1510 (relating to obstruction of criminal investigations)Section 1511 (relating to the obstruction of State or local law enforcement),Section 1952 (relating to racketeering), Section 1957 (relating to engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specified unlawful activity),TITLE 18 PART I CH 96 SEC 1962 (A) RICOTITLE 18 PART I CH 96 SEC 1962 (B) RICOTITLE 18 PART I CH 96 SEC 1962 (C) RICOtitle 18 part i ch 19 sec 1962 (d) RICOTITLE 18 PART I CH 19 CONSPIRACY Sec 371 CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT OFFENSE OR TO DEFRAUD UNITED STATESTITLE 18 PART I CH 95 RACKETEERING SEC 1957 Engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specified unlawful activityTITLE 18 PART I CH 47 Sec 1031 - Major fraud against the United StatesJudicial CannonsCanon 1. A Judge Should Uphold the Integrity and Independence of the Judiciary [1.1] Deference to the judgments and rulings of courts depends upon public confidence in the integrity and independence of judges. The integrity and independence of judges depends in turn upon their acting without fear or favor. Although judges should be independent, they must comply with the law, including the provisions of this Code. Public confidence in the impartiality of the judiciary is maintained by the adherence of each judge to this responsibility. Conversely, violation of this Code diminishes public confidence in the judiciary and thereby does injury to the system of government under law.Canon 2. A Judge Should Avoid Impropriety and the Appearance of Impropriety in All Activities(A) A judge shall respect and comply with the law and shall act at all times in a manner that promotes public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of the judiciary.[2.2][2A] The prohibition against behaving with impropriety or the appearance of impropriety applies to both the professional and personal conduct of a judge. Because it is not practicable to list all prohibited acts, the proscription is necessarily cast in general terms that extend to conduct by judges that is harmful although not specifically mentioned in the Code. Actual improprieties under this standard include violations of law, court rules or other specific provisions of this Code. The test for appearance of impropriety is whether the conduct would create in reasonable minds a perception that the judges ability to carry out judicial responsibilities with integrity, impartiality and competence is impaired.Canon 3. A Judge Should Perform the Duties of the Office Impartially and Diligently(B) Adjudicative responsibilities.(l) A judge shall be faithful to the law and maintain professional competence in it. A judge shall not be swayed by partisan interests, public clamor or fear of criticism.(2) A judge shall require order and decorum in proceedings before the judge.(D) Disciplinary responsibilities.(1) A judge who receives information indicating a substantial likelihood that another judge has committed a substantial violation of this Part shall take appropriate action.(2) A judge who receives information indicating a substantial likelihood that a lawyer has committed a substantial violation of the Code of Professional Responsibility shall take appropriate action.(3) Acts of a judge in the discharge of disciplinary responsibilities are part of a judges judicial duties.(E) Disqualification.(1) A judge shall disqualify himself or herself in a proceeding in which the judges impartiality might reasonably be questioned[3.11][3B(6)(e)] A judge may delegate the responsibilities of the judge under Canon 3B(6) to a member of the judges staff. A judge must make reasonable efforts, including the provision of appropriate supervision, to ensure that Section 3B(6) is not violated through law clerks or other personnel on the judges staff. This provision does not prohibit the judge or the judges law clerk from informing all parties individually of scheduling or administrative decisions.[3.21][3E(1)] Under this rule, a judge is disqualified whenever the judges impartiality might reasonably be questioned, regardless whether any of the specific rules in Section 3E(1) apply. For example, if a judge were in the process of negotiating for employment with a law firm, the judge would be disqualified from any matters in which that firm appeared, unless the disqualification was waived by the parties after disclosure by the judge. [3.22][3E(1)] A judge should disclose on the record information that the judge believes the parties or their lawyers might consider relevant to the question of disqualification, even if the judge believes there is no real basis for disqualification.Canon 4. A Judge May Engage in Extra-Judicial Activities To Improve the Law, the Legal System, and the Administration of Justice Canon 5. A Judge Should Regulate Extra-Judicial Activities To Minimize the Risk of Conflict with Judicial Duties Public Office Conduct Codes New YorkPUBLIC OFFICERS LAW Laws 1909, Chap. 51.CHAPTER 47 OF THE CONSOLIDATED LAWS PUBLIC OFFICERS LAWSec. 17. Defense and indemnification of state officers and employees.2 (b)Sec. 18. Defense and indemnification of officers and employees of public entities.3 (b)Sec. 74. Code of ethics.(2)(3)(4) 73. Business or professional activities by state officers and employees and party officers.NY Attorney Conduct Code(a) Differing interests include every interest that will adversely affect either the judgment or the loyalty of a lawyer to a client, whether it be a conflicting, inconsistent, diverse, or other interest.CANON 5. A Lawyer Should Exercise Independent Professional Judgment on Behalf of a ClientDR 5-101 [1200.20] Conflicts of Interest - Lawyers Own Interests.DR 5-102 [1200.21] Lawyers as Witnesses.DR 5-103 [1200.22] Avoiding Acquisition of Interest in Litigation.DR 5-104 [1200.23] Transactions Between Lawyer and Client.DR 5-105 [1200.24] Conflict of Interest; Simultaneous Representation.DR 5-108 [1200.27] Conflict of Interest - Former Client.CANON 6. A Lawyer Should Represent a Client CompetentlyCANON 7. A Lawyer Should Represent a Client Zealously Within the Bounds of the LawDR 7-102 [1200.33] Representing a Client Within the Bounds of the Law.DR 7-110 [1200.41] Contact with Officials.DR 8-101 [1200.42] Action as a Public Official.DR 8-103 [1200.44] Lawyer Candidate for Judicial Office.A. A lawyer who is a candidate for judicial office shall comply with section 100.5 of the Chief Administrators Rules Governing Judicial Conduct (22 NYCRR) and Canon 5 of the Code of Judicial Conduct.CANON 9. A Lawyer Should Avoid Even the Appearance of Professional ImproprietyDR 9-101 [1200.45] Avoiding Even the Appearance of Impropriety.I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing statements in this CONFLICT OF INTEREST DISCLOSURE FORM are true and correct. Executed on this ____ day of _______20__ the foregoing statements in this CONFLICT OF INTEREST DISCLOSURE FORM are true. I am aware that any false, fictitious, or fraudulent statements or claims will subject me to criminal, civil, or administrative penalties, including possible culpability in the RICO related crimes including the alleged attempted murder of the inventor Eliot Bernstein and his wife and children in a car-bombing attempt on their lives. I agree to accept responsibility for the unbiased review, and presentation of findings to the appropriate party(ies) who also have executed this CONFLICT OF INTEREST DISCLOSURE FORM. A lack of signature will serve as evidence that I have accepted this document with conflict in the event that I continue to represent the matters without signing such COI first and will be an admission of such conflict(s).Organization  United States Court of Appeal for the Second CircuitPrint Name & Title________________________________Signature ______________________________________Date________/_________/__________ If you are unable to sign this COI and are therefore unable to continue further to pursue these matters, please attach a statement of whom we may contact as your replacement. A copy can be sent to Iviewit@Iviewit.tv or the mailing address below:Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DL Uview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)Iviewit@Iviewit.tvwww.Iviewit.tvCONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message and any attachments are covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. SS 2510-2521. This message is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message or call (561) 245-8588. If you are the intended recipient but do not wish to receive communications through this medium, please so advise the sender immediately.12758WORD[1] Februart 09, 2009 Iviewit Complaint Against Reardon and Friedberghttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090209%20FINAL%20Iviewit%20Response%20to%20First%20Department%20Re%20Conflict%20Foley%20Proskauer%20attorneys%20SIGNED.doc.pdf[2] Copies of the Complaints and Unpublished Orders can be found @ www.iviewit.tv on the HomePage in the Evidence Section, incorporated in entirety by reference herein.[3] Senator Sampson request for Friedberg to reply to him at the opening of Eliot Bernsteins Testimony to the Judiciary Committee which starts @ 04:02:30 in the following video of the September 24, 2009 hearinghttp://www.livestream.com/nysenate/ondemand/pla_cce9d795-b7f2-4996-8fbd-a4c848aba2bd?initthumburl=http://mogulus-user-files.s3.amazonaws.com/chnysenate/2009/09/24/3ccbb0fd-f73d-4733-9ae5-2aac6d59f1ac_8530.jpg&playeraspectwidth=4&playeraspectheight=3 [4] October 05, 2009 Prepared Statement of Eliot Bernstein to the Judiciary Committeehttp://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=165 [5] Iviewit Amended Complaint - RICO http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080509%20FINAL%20AMENDED%20COMPLAINT%20AND%20RICO%20SIGNED%20COPY%20MED.pdf [6] Februart 09, 2009 Iviewit Complaint Against Reardon and Friedberghttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090209%20FINAL%20Iviewit%20Response%20to%20First%20Department%20Re%20Conflict%20Foley%20Proskauer%20attorneys%20SIGNED.doc.pdf [7] http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090209%20FINAL%20Iviewit%20Response%20to%20First%20Department%20Re%20Conflict%20Foley%20Proskauer%20attorneys%20SIGNED.doc.pdf [8] http://www.halt.org/about_halt/in_the_news/2007/north_country_gazette_20071110.phpandhttp://www.halt.org/jip/dir.php?cid=14 andhttp://www.halt.org/reform_projects/lawyer_accountability/discipline_system[9] It should be noted that the January 27, 2009 letter referenced was not to myself, Eliot Bernstein, but instead to P. Stephen Lamont who has illegally been acting as an Iviewit Technologies Officer, the CEO, of an Iviewit company located 175 King Street in Armonk New York of which no such company to the best of my knowledge ever existed. I have previously made a Motion to Compel at the Second Circuit in my pending case regarding Lamonts illegal behavior with the First Department in attempts to create exonerative letters through fraud in collusion with the DDC, which can be found @ http://iviewit.tv/wordpress [10] http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090618%20FINAL%20NYAG%20Steven%20Cohen%20Letter%20Re%20Lamont%20Signed.pdf [11] http://www.free-press-release.com/news-andrew-cuomo-ag-protect-the-people-and-christine-anderson-and-not-crooked-lawyers-and-corrupt-government-employees-1255918900.html and http://www.free-press-release.com/news-gotti-trial-on-26th-floor-nyc-federal-court-was-mirrored-by15th-floor-testimony-of-the-cleaner-naomi-goldstein-whitewashing-attorneys-in-1st-appel-1256265795.html [12] October 27, 2009 Letter to Shira A. Scheindlin from Eliot Bernstein http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20091027%20Scheindlin%20Letter%20Regarding%20Anderson%20Criminal%20Elements%20Low.pdf [13] October 26, 2009 Letter to Shira A. Scheindlin from Terrence Terry Finnan who also testified at the Judiciary Committee Hearing in Albany on June 08. 2009.http://www.exposecorruptessex.com/Scheindlin10269.html [14] http://www.free-press-release.com/news-us-district-judge-sheindlin-in-nyc-called-to-act-on-revealed-corrupt-ny-first-department-attorney-discipline-and-the-actions-of-the-ny-attorney-genera-1256748458.html [15] June 08, 2009 Judiciary Committee Hearing Testimony of Christine C. Anderson @ 32:00 Minutes on the Timeline (whistleblower) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8OX8uuAbw&feature=player_embedded [16] October 28, 2007 Anderson Original Complainthttp://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/anderson/20071028%20Anderson%20Original%20Filing.pdf [17] The Relevant Sections are merely a benchmark guide and other state, federal and international laws may be applicable to your particular circumstances in reviewing or acting in these matters. For a more complete list of applicable sections of law relating to these matters please visit http://Iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/oneofthesedays/index.htm#_Toc107852933 Roy Reardon, Chairman ~ New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department SUICIDE LETTERTags: eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, myclads, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, patent, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, theft, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga Posted in Iviewit Current Events |   3 Comments IVIEWIT LETTER TO US FED JUDGE SHIRA A. SCHEINDLIN RE CRIMINAL WHISTLEBLOWER ALLEGATIONS in Christine C. Anderson v. New York State et al. Docket 07cv09599 alleging Disciplinary Complaint Fixing by the CLEANER for US Attorneys, New York District Attorneys and ADAs; Code of Conduct for US Judges Canon 3B(5), Protecting the PeopleOctober 29th, 2009 I VIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with VisionFounder & InventorDirect Dial: (561) 245-8588 (o)(561) 886-7628 (c)Tuesday, October 27, 2009Hon. Shira A. ScheindlinUnited States District JudgeDaniel Patrick Moynihan United States Courthouse500 Pearl St.New York, NY 10007-1312Re: CRIMINAL ALLEGATIONS in Christine C. Anderson v. New York State et al. (07cv09599); Code of Conduct for US Judges Canon 3B(5), Protecting the PeopleDear Hon. Shira Scheindlin,Please take appropriate action in reporting the alleged criminal misconduct of attorneys apparent in the Christine C. Anderson v. New York State et al. (07cv09599) action before you to appropriate authorities. The revised Code of Conduct for Judges, effective July 1, 2009, in Canon 3D(5) says, A judge should take appropriate action upon learning of reliable evidence indicating the likelihood  a lawyer violated applicable rules of conduct. Also, please consider the Commentary to this Canon.The Anderson Whistleblower lawsuit, coined a Whistleblower by yourself, revealed conduct, including Whitewashing of complaints by attorneys, including but not limited to, from the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department, the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department ~ Departmental Disciplinary Committee, the US Attorney, the District Attorney and the Assistant District Attorney violating DR 1-102 A (1), (3), (4) and (5) of the NY Lawyers Code of Professional Responsibility and Law. Further revealed were allegations of a Cleaner, Naomi Goldstein, Deputy Chief Counsel of the First Department. Attorneys also allegedly violated NY Penal laws requiring criminal investigation, including but not limited to: 195.00 Official misconduct, 195.05 Obstructing governmental administration in the second degree, 175.20 Tampering with public records in the second degree, 175.25 Tampering with public records in the first degree. (class D felony).The attorneys , including but not limited to, from the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department, the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department ~ Departmental Disciplinary Committee, the US Attorney, the District Attorney and the Assistant District Attorney also violated, Federal Criminal Law  241 Conspiracy against Rights, not only against Christine Anderson, but also against the class of people whose complaints were allegedly cleansed, and the class The People of NY.Anderson also provided testimony of a similar nature, with similar CRIMINAL allegations of Whitewashing, Favoritism and Cronyism for favored Law Firms and Lawyers, at a New York Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing Chaired by Hon. Senator John L. Sampson, which can be found @ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8OX8uuAbw&feature=player_embedded Anderson is the second speaker.Another issue requiring appropriate action concerns the failure of the NY Attorney Generals Office to do its duty under,NY Executive Law:  63General duties. The attorney-general shall: Prosecute and defend all actions and proceedings in which the state is interestedto protect the interest of the stateand under,Public Officers Rule 17 (2)(b)(b) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (a) of this subdivision, the employee shall be entitled to be represented by the attorney general, provided, however, that the employee shall be entitled to representation by private counsel of his choice in any civil judicial proceeding whenever the attorney general determines based upon his investigation and review of the facts and circumstances of the case that representation by the attorney general would be inappropriate, or whenever a court of competent jurisdiction, upon appropriate motion or by a special proceeding, determines that a conflict of interest exists and that the employee is entitled to be represented by private counsel of his choice.The Attorney Generals office representing the State Defendants in Anderson, creates a Conflict of Interest by conflicting their offices from representing Anderson and the People of New York as obligated, acting to Obstruct Justice, as the Attorney General is charged with investigating Public Office Corruption, leaving no one guarding the hen house. Certainly, the NY Attorney Generals Office based on Andersons revelations in your Federal Court now has legal obligations to investigate Andersons claims, although the conflicts should have been assessed prior to their now conflicted position. Obviously, being in the same courtroom when Anderson reveals Cleaners and the likes leaves the Attorney Generals Office calling for criminal investigations of their current clients and perhaps officials from their offices, notifying the appropriate Inspector Generals and Investigatory Agencies.These criminal matters and the need for criminal investigations are not something for the jury in the civil case to decide, unless the court so decides. I have copied this correspondence to the attorneys for Christine Anderson and to the NY Attorney General so that they may have input and so this is not an ex parte communication. I am also unclear as to if this an ex parte communication of my case, 1:07-cv-11196-SAS, which is on Appeal after your legally relating my case to the Anderson Whistleblower case? I do not know whether all of the attorneys affected are admitted before this court.Please do what is required by your Oath of Office, your Judicial Canons and any other legal obligations requiring your reporting the allegations levied by Anderson in Your Court, of disciplinary complaint Whitewashing for the US Attorney, the District Attorney and the Assistant District Attorney, as well as, all other alleged Criminal Activity exposed by the Whistleblower Anderson, to ALL appropriate authorities and investigators your obligations require.Respectfully Yours,______________________Eliot I. BernsteinFounder & InventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporationwww.iviewit.tviviewit@iviewit.tv love/hate mailcc/ec:The Honorable Barack Hussein Obama IIPresidentUnited States of AmericaThe Honorable Glenn A. FineInspector GeneralUnited States Department of JusticeThe Honorable John Conyers Jr.ChairmanHouse Judiciary CommitteeThe Honorable United States Senator Dianne FeinsteinSenate Judiciary CommitteeHon. Eric H. Holder, Jr.United States Attorney GeneralUS Department of Justice950 Pennsylvania AvenueWashington, D.C. 20530-0001The Honorable Elena KaganSolicitor GeneralUS Department of JusticeRobert S. Mueller, III.DirectorFederal Bureau of InvestigationCandice M. WillAssistant Director, Office of Professional ResponsibilityFederal Bureau of InvestigationThe Honorable Harry I. MoatzDirector, Office of Enrollment & DisciplineUnited States Patent & Trademark OfficeTodd J. ZinserInspector GeneralUnited States Department of CommerceDavid KapposUnder Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark OfficeUnited States Patent & Trademark OfficeJohn J. DollCommissioner for PatentsUnited States Patent and Trademark OfficeDavid L. GouvaiaTreasury Inspector General for Tax AdministrationMary L. SchapiroChairpersonUnited States Securities and Exchange CommissionPeter L. McClintockActing Inspector GeneralSmall Business AdministrationChris P. MercerPresidentInstitute of Professional Representatives before the European Patent Office (epi)Steven Michael CohenCounselor and Chief of Staff for Andrew CuomoNew York Office of the Attorney GeneralJoseph M. Demarest, Jr.FBI Assistant Director in Charge of the New York Division, 26 Federal Plaza, 23rd FloorNew York, NY 10278-0004David A. PatersonGovernorNew York StateNew York Senate Judiciary Committee Members:sampson@senate.state.ny.us, onorato@senate.state.ny.us, schneiderman@schneiderman.org, schneiderman@senate.state.ny.us, hassellt@senate.state.ny.us, diaz@senate.state.ny.us, jdklein@senate.state.ny.us, eadams@senate.state.ny.us, espada@senate.state.ny.us, breslin@senate.state.ny.us, dilan@senate.state.ny.us, savino@senate.state.ny.us, perkins@senate.state.ny.us, maziarz@senate.state.ny.us, jdefranc@senate.state.ny.us, volker@senate.state.ny.us, saland@senate.state.ny.us, lavalle@senate.state.ny.us, bonacic@senate.state.ny.us, winner@senate.state.ny.us, nozzolio@senate.state.ny.us, lanza@senate.state.ny.us, ranz@senate.state.ny.us, spotts@senate.state.ny.us.Hon. Andrew CuomoAttorney GeneralOffice of the Attorney GeneralThe CapitolAlbany, NY 12224-0341and120 BroadwayNew York City, NY10271-0332Monica Connell, Esq.Assistant Attorney General - Division of State Counsel Litigation Bureau, State of New York Office of the Attorney General120 BroadwayNew York City, NY10271-0332Thomas P. DiNapoliComptrollerState of New YorkRobert Morris MorgenthauDistrict Attorney of New York CountyOne Hogan PlaceNew York, NY 10013212-335-9000Lovett & Bellatoni37A Saw Mill River Road, RT 9AHawthorne, NY 10532Select PressSelect Iviewit Shareholders and Patent Interest HoldersEnclosure(s)/Attachment(s)/Uniform Resource Locator(s)All Uniform Resource Locators ( URL ) incorporated in entirety by reference hereincmb/eib Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments United States District Court Judge Shira A. Scheindlin In New York City Called To Act On WHISTLEBLOWER Revealed Corrupt Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department and Departmental Disciplainy Committee And The Actions Of The NY Attorney General Office under Andrew CuomoOctober 29th, 2009 FREE PRESS RELEASE @ http://www.free-press-release.com/news-us-district-judge-sheindlin-in-nyc-called-to-act-on-revealed-corrupt-ny-first-department-attorney-discipline-and-the-actions-of-the-ny-attorney-genera-1256748458.htmlUS District Judge [Scheindlin] Sheindlin In NYC Called To Act On Revealed Corrupt NY First Department Attorney Discipline And The Actions Of The NY Attorney Generals Office2009-10-28 By TFinnanFederal Judge Scheindlin in NYC called to act concerning misconduct by attorneys within and without the NY 1st Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee and acts of NY Attorney Generals Office For_Immediate_Release:(Free-Press-Release.com) October 28, 2009, Keene NY  Terence Finnan has called upon US District Judge Scheindlin in NYC Federal District Court to report the attorneys criminal and unethical conduct revealed in Christine Anderson V NYS trial, now before her, for appropriate action, as required by the New Code of Conduct for United States Judges, effective beginning on 7/1/2009.Judge Scheindlin was called upon to act concerning misconduct by attorneys within and without the NY 1st Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee which violated Disciplinary Rules and the NY Penal laws:  195.00 Official misconduct,  195.05 Obstructing governmental administration,  175.20 Tampering with public records,and  175.25 Tampering with public records. Mr.Finnan asked for appropriate action concerning the NY Attorney Generals Office actions in the Anderson trial before her and its proper duties required under NY Executive Law 63 to protect the interest of the stateMr. Finnans letter dated 10/26/2009 was sent to Judge Scheindlin and can be seen at http://www.exposecorruptessex.com/Scheindlin10269.html.Judge Scheindlin was asked to take appropriate action for all criminal and unethical conduct revealed in the Christine Anderson trial before her in US District Court and concerning the proper role for the NY Attorney Generals Office in that trial.####For more information:Visit our website: http://www.ExposeCorruptEssex.comKeywords: Judge Scheindlin, NY Attorney General, NY 1st Department Corruption, Christine AndersonContact us: PO Box 354 Keene NY 12942 Phone 518-576-9734 tfinn@ExposeCorruptEssex.comSource: http://www.Free-Press-Release.com/ Tags: Add new tag Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments CONFLICTS FORCE PROSECUTOR OFF MADOFF INVESTIGATION, SEE RELATED STORY: TRILLION DOLLAR IVIEWIT INVENTOR ELIOT BERNSTEIN FILES CONFLICTS & OBSTRUCTION MOTIONS @ US SECOND CIRCUIT & SDNY BK COURTS REGARDING PROSKAUER ROSE, FOLEY & LARDNER, INTEL, SGI, LOCKHEED AND MORE!!!October 12th, 2009 In what seems to some, as never ending Bizarre twists of Conflicts and more in the $65 Billion dollar Bernard Madoff Ponzi Investigation, the newly appointed Chief of the Criminal Division in the US Attorneys Office of the Southern District of New York, Richard B. Zabel, has recently been forced off the Madoff Investigation.  Zabels father, William Zabel, represents Jeffrey Picower of Palm Beach, Florida who is allegedly complicit in the Madoff scheme according to the SDNY Bankruptcy Trustee in the Madoff case. The story linked from ABC News reported by Brian Ross and Joseph Rhee on October 9, 2009. Preet Bharara, who previously was the chief counsel to Senator Charles E. Schumer, confirmed as United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York in August 2009, a short time ago. Now, Bharras Chief of the Criminal Division Richard Zabel just Appointed this week, October 2009, is removed from all Madoff Investigation matters due to Conflicts of Interest. He has recused himself from any involvement in the Madoff case, a spokesperson for the U.S. Attorneys office, Rebekah Carmichael, told ABCNews.com Friday. Zabels appointment announced Tuesday. The spokeswoman declined to provide any details about who would oversee and supervise the Madoff investigation.In court documents, trustee lawyers allege Picower was the biggest beneficiary of Madoffs scheme, clearing more than $7.2 billion. The trustee alleged the money was a form of compensation by Madoff to Picower for perpetuating the Ponzi scheme. The U.S. Attorneys office declined to say whether Picower is considered a target of the criminal investigation. In what has received little if any real attention from the major media sources currently, former US Attorney General Michael Mukasey under former President Bush had previously recused himself from the Madoff Affairs while acting as the top US Attorney General allegedly due to the work of his son Marc Mukasey who was representing Madoffs right hand man Frank DiPascali. DiPascali has since Pled Guilty in Federal court to Fraud charges in August, the same month Bharra was confirmed by the US Senate to take over the US Attorneys Office in the Southern District. Marc Mukasey has worked with Rudy Gulianis firm during these years while Gulianis former Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik awaits trial on federal charges in White Plains, New York including allegations of taking several hundred thousand dollars of renovations from a construction company allegedly connected to organized crime families. According to one source, Lawyers in the Madoff case say another set of indictments expected shortly after Labor Day have been held up as a new prosecutorial team settles in to the U.S. Attorneys office in Manhattan.For a link to the ABC News story, see below @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2009/10/madoff-chaos-top-us-prosecutor-forced.html In related news, Trillion Dollar Inventor, Eliot I. Bernstein filed Motions which are still pending at the US Second Circuit Court of Appeals to address the very types of conflicts in his 12 Count 12 Trillion Dollar RICO, Anti-trust and related lawsuit, that  have surfaced above in the Madoff case.  The Bernstein Motions also discuss Conflicts centering on the Madoff saga where the Proskauer Rose law firm publicly identified as having the most clients in the Madoff scheme while simultaneously being at the heart of allegations in the Trillion-dollar Iviewit saga now known as Patentgate.  Inventor Bernsteins Motion at the US Second Circuit is to Compel the Court to address Conflicts of Interest and other matters according to law which have been ignored while the Court and attorneys perpetuate never ending Conflicts.  For a link to the Motion to Compel @ http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=78 Another Proskauer / Madoff tie came from the SEC OIG stinging report on Madoff harshly criticizing lax regulators for overlooking the Madoff information from WHISTLEBLOWERS & others inside the SEC, for years.  According to TPM, in 2004 an SEC attorney, Genevievette Walker-Lightfoot, notified the SEC of the Ponzi but was forced out of her job, the SEC later settling a claim filed by Lightfoot. Upon termination, Lightfoot turned over the Madoff file to Jacqueline Wood who then presumably buried the report that could have exposed the Ponzi in 04. SEC OIGs report mentions Wood of Proskauer throughout the entire report as a key figure in the regulatory failure. http://www.sec.gov/news/studies/2009/oig-509.pdf .  After leaving the SEC, Wood took a Proskauer partnership.Inventor Bernsteins RICO and related case was marked legally related in the US District Court of Judge Shira Scheindlin to the federal Whistleblower case of Christine C. Anderson who has been exposing systemic corruption within the Manhattan based NYS First Department Appellate Division where Wall Street lawyers are regulated.  Anderson subjected to threats, assault and intimidation for exposing the criminal activities of the First Department. The Anderson case is heading to trial soon and now scheduled to begin Jury Selection on Oct 13, 2009 if not delayed by the appearance of recent additional counsel for Anderson.  Inventor Bernstein also has a Motion to Disqualify pending in the SDNY Bankruptcy Court of Judge Martin Glenn for Judge Glenns repeatedly failing to respond to and address conflicts of interest in the Bankruptcy proceedings of Silicon Graphics Inc. ( SGI ).  SGI filed a second protection petition in Chapter 11 just 6 days after receiving Notice from Bernstein of a Formal SEC Complaint filed by Bernstein alleging a possible Trillion Dollar fraud involving the Intel Corporation ( Intel ), SGI and Defense giant Lockheed Martin ( Lockheed ).   Intel, SGI and Lockheed were owners of Real3d Inc., a graphics company located in Orlando, Florida on Lockheed property whose history traces back to the Apollo Lunar Space projects. Real3d Inc was under signed Non Disclosure Agreement and Licensing Agreements and more with Bernstein and his companies Iviewit.  The technologies were tested, validated and used in the Real3d Labs and leading Engineers from Intel, Lockheed and SGI and Real3d called the technologies priceless. Formal Intel SEC complaint found @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090325%20FINAL%20Intel%20SEC%20Complaint%20SIGNED2073.pdf Inventor Bernstein and his family suffered an Iraqi style Car Bombing of their Family Minivan in Boynton Beach, Florida while preparing Court papers relating to the Trillion Dollar fraud, intellectual property and Patent theft.  The claims have elevated to charges of Fraud Upon The United States Patent & Trademark Offices ( USPTO ), World Patent Agencies, the Federal Small Business Administration and more.  The Commissioner of Patents suspended Bernsteins patents several years ago while Harry I. Moatz of the USPTOs Office of Enrollment and Discipline investigates attorneys involved in the Fraud from Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner and more with Federal Agents. Bernsteins former patent counsel Kenneth Rubenstein of Proskauer and MPEGLA counsel, is alleged to have used Bernsteins invention to enrich his patent pooling schemes at MPEGLA while using Anticompetitive Monopolistic Practices to annihilate Bernstein and his companies.  Proskauer has since acquired Rubenstein and control of the patent pools, blocking Bernstein, their client, from his royalties. Full pictorial evidence of the car bombing found @ www.iviewit.tv . In the SDNY Bankruptcy Court of Judge Glenn, a major Wall Street law firm, Davis Polk & Wardell LLP ( DPW ) ) was found to be simultaneously representing Lockheed, Silicon Graphics, the Accountants for Silicon Graphics, and major Market players like Morgan Stanley and CIBC at the same time in the case and more.  Sales transactions between Lockheed, Silicon Graphics and Intel are at issue in the BK creating obvious and overwhelming Conflicts of Interest for the law firm. Inventor Bernstein also pointed out to the Bankruptcy Court that the law firm had recruited back to the firm former SEC Enforcement officer Linda Chatman Thomsen who left the SEC in Feb. 2009 after coming under fire for the SEC failures in the Madoff matters. According to published sources, Linda Chatman Thomsen recruited back to the DPW firm just 4 days after Inventor Bernstein filed an Emergency Motion in the Bankruptcy Court announcing the related Trillion Dollar fraud and other allegations. For an interactive Link to the Written Testimony recently submitted by Inventor Bernstein to the NYS Senate Judiciary Committee with press releases and links attached, see: http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/?p=165 Other Important Links Whistleblower Anderson calls for Special Prosecutorhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2009/09/ny-stateNY Ethics Scandal tied to International Espionage & Satellite Communications Interceptshttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2008/04/ny-ethicInventor EIB petitions the White House, President Obama & US AG Eric Holderhttp://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090213%20FINAL%20SIGNED%20LETTER%20OBAMA%20TO%20ENJOIN%20US%20ATTORNEY%20FINGERED%20ORIGINAL%20MAIL%20l.pdfR3D - Wikipediahttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real3DBernard Madoff  SECs Revolving Door & Linda Chatman Thomsen returning to Davis Polk Wardell Apr 13, 09 after EIB files Emergency Motion in SGI BK after SEC complaint against Intel, R3D, Mar 25, 09 http://www.oid-ido.org/imprimer.php3?id_article=1030 FOR THE ORIGINAL PRESS RELEASE VISIT THE TOTALLY AWESOME FREE PRESS RELEASE @ http://www.free-press-release.com/news-conflicts-force-prosecutor-off-madoff-investigation-see-related-story-trillion-dollar-iviewit-inventor-eliot-bernstein-files-conflicts-obstruction-1255371427.htmlTags: allen stanford, barroway, bernard madoff, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, patent, patentgate, person, PONZI, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, theft, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments Senator John L. Sampson NY Senate Judiciary Hearing ~ Testimony of Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernstein Re Trillion Dollar Fed Suit Naming Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner, Intel, SGI, Lockheed & moreOctober 8th, 2009 Iviewit Press ReleaseRead All About ItFull Release Below or @ the totally awesome Free Press Release @ http://www.free-press-release.com/news-senator-john-l-sampson-ny-senate-judiciary-comm-hearing-testimony-of-iviewit-inventor-eliot-bernstein-re-trillion-dollar-fed-suit-naming-proskauer-1254966944.htmlI VIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with VisionIVIEWIT INVENTOR ELIOT BERNSTEIN SUBMITS TESTIMONY TO NY SENATE JUDICIARY DETAILS WIDESPREAD NY & RELATED CORRUPTION INVOLVING PATENT THEFT, FRAUD ON US PATENT OFFICE, CAR BOMBING, ENRON & MOREEliot I. Bernstein, a husband to Candice and father of 3 sons living in Boca Raton, Florida and the original Inventor and Owner of Trillion dollar plus Technologies filed formal written Testimony this week with New York State Senate Judiciary Chair John L. Sampson. The NYS Senate Judiciary Committee recently held its second public hearing on the NYS Judiciary and Discipline process and problems in the NYS Court system on Sept. 24, 2009 in Manhattan. Additional hearing dates are expected to be announced soon.Bernstein had previously traveled to Albany, NY on June 8, 2009 on the first date of Hearings before the Committee and was slated to Testify publicly in the late afternoon when the now infamous Senate Coup shut down the NYS Senate building including the lights and internet preventing Mr. Bernstein and others from testifying.Bernsteins Testimony outlines a wide and broad range of corruption, theft of the Trillion dollar technologies, forgery and fraudulent Patents and Intellectual Property filings, Fraud on the US & Foreign Patent Offices, Fraud on the Small Business Administration and other foul play, including the Attempted Murder of the Bernstein Family. Attempted Murder via a car bombing of their Family Minivan in Boynton Beach, Florida as Mr. Bernstein and his wife were preparing filings in the US Courts. The car bombing was so strong as to take out 3 cars in the incident with full pictorial evidence available at www.iviewit.tv. The saga now commonly known as Patentgate has tentacles to involvement by the controversial Florida State Supreme Court Judge Jorge LaBarga involved in the Bush 2000 Florida Election debacle, as well as ties to the collapse of Enron and Arthur Andersen thru Enron Broadband and Blockbuster as well as tentacles to public office and professional corruption involving the Florida, Virginia & New York State Courts and Attorney regulatory processes. The seed investment of the Iviewit companies coming from founder of Blockbuster, Waste Management and former Miami Dolphins owner Wayne Huizenga and his son.Several law firms are alleged to be at the center of the Thefts and wrongdoing including the Proskauer Rose LLP law firm and Foley & Lardner LLP and others. Proskauer has had several high profile issues as of late especially due to a Worldwide Lawsuit over the involvement of the Firm and Partner Thomas Sjoblom in the $8 Billion Sir Allen Stanford Financial Ponzi scheme. Public reports have shown that Proskauer apparently had the most clients in the $65 Billion Madoff Ponzi scheme as well. Other links place Proskauer referred former patent counsel to Iviewit moving to convicted felon Marc S. Dreier and more.The Bernstein Technologies founded companies known as Iviewit and the technologies are backbone to digital video and imaging content creation and distribution, used across all Internet providers hosting video (YouTube, Google, etc.), all digital television providers and paved the way for cell phone video and video conferencing markets. The technologies also used for a host of Defense applications including space and flight simulators, guidance systems and more. Bernstein has formally Petitioned President Barack Obama, White House Counsel and United States Attorney General Eric Holder in the matters for a variety of reasons, including the broad and fundamental economic implications from the case. Bernstein and Iviewit have alleged hosts of companies including Fortune 1000 companies are infringing on the Bernstein technologies and Holder and others have been petitioned additionally regarding crimes committed directly against US and Foreign Government Agencies. The US Patent Office Commissioner has suspended the Intellectual Properties during investigation and Harry I. Moatz of the US Patent Office has confirmed working with Federal Agents regarding the allegations.The Technologies used and tested at the Real3d Inc Labs in Orlando, Florida located on property owned by major Defense firm Lockheed Martin and engineers from Real3d Inc described the technologies as priceless. Real3d at the time was a consortium owned by Lockheed Martin ( Lockheed ), the Intel Corporation ( Intel ) and Silicon Graphics Inc. ( SGI ) Real3d Inc traces its history in graphics back to the Apollo Lunar Space program and was Iviewits first strategic partner. Minority interest owner (20%) Intel acquired Real3d from Lockheed and SGI.Bernstein has a multi-party federal lawsuit in the Southern District of New York alleging RICO, anti-trust and other charges involving theft and fraud and US SDNY Judge Shira Scheindlin who also called the Bernstein case about Murder and Attempted Murder marked the case legally related to the Federal WHISTLEBLOWER case of Christine Anderson. Anderson has exposed a wide range of public corruption issues at the Manhattan based First Department Appellate Division of the New York State Supreme Court where Wall Street attorneys and others are regulated. For more information, see Full link to the Bernstein Testimony before the NYS Senate Judiciary and other links below.In other related news, Bernstein recently filed an application in the Southern District of New York Federal Bankruptcy Court of Martin Glenn seeking the disqualification of Judge Glenn and demanding investigation for conflicts and other charges. Charges came after Bankruptcy Judge Glenn refused to address and further covered up professional conflicts of interest in the SDNY Bankruptcy of Debtor SGI. SGI was part of Real3d who was under Non Disclosure Agreement ( NDA ) and Licensing Agreements for the Bernstein Technologies. Remarkably. SGI filed its second Ch. 11 bankruptcy protection petition just 6 days after Bernstein had officially notified SGI of its involvement in a possible Trillion Dollar accounting fraud with Intel and Lockheed after Bernstein filed a formal SEC Complaint against the Intel Corporation seeking examination of all the sales transactions with the Real3d Inc company. For related links to the Bankruptcy and SEC filings see below.LINKS:Testimony of Eliot I. Bernstein to the NYS Senate Judiciary Committee Sept. 2009 Testimony by Bernstein Begins at 4.02.08 in this video @The Video Below was removed by unknown sources@http://www.livestream.com/nysenate/ondemand/pla_cce9d795-b7f2-4996-8fbd-a4c848aba2bd?initthumburl=http://mogulus-user-files.s3.amazonaws.com/chnysenate/2009/09/24/3ccbb0fd-f73d-4733-9ae52aac6d59f1ac_8530.jpg&playeraspectwidth=4&playeraspectheight=3Eliot Bernstein Letter to Senator Sampson with Prepared Written Statement for NYS Senate Judiciary Committee Hearings @http://www.iviewit.tv/20091005%20NY%20Judiciary%20Committee%20Prepared%20Statement.doc June 08, 2009 Judiciary Committee Hearing with Whistleblower Andersons Riveting Testimony Second Part 1 @ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8OX8uuAbw&feature=player_embeddedINDEX OF SPEAKERS6:45 Martin Gold, Alan Friedberg (DDC)32:00 Christine Anderson (whistleblower)49:00 Kevin Mckeowen (victim of DDC)1:4:00 Tembeckjian Klonic (CJC)1:21:00 Judge Hart (target of (CJC)1:39:00 Pamela Carvel (victim of DDC)150:00 Paul Altman (victim of DDC)2:03:00 Luisa Esposito (victim of DDC)2:12::00 Will Galison (victim of DDC)2:26 Elanor Capagrossa (target of DDC)2:41 Bob Ostertag (Former pres. NYBA)2:53 John Aretakis (target of DDC)Eliot I. Bernstein ~ Cancelled due to Senate Coup in Albany NYPart 2 @ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28afajRkDwY&feature=player_embeddedPress Release Calling for Disqualification and Investigation of SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Martin Glenn September 2009 @ http://www.free-press-release.com/news-manhattan-fed-bankruptcy-judge-martin-glenn-under-fire-from-trillion-dollar-iviewit-inventor-eliot-bernstein-as-related-federal-whistleblower-christi-1253613005.htmlReal3d Inc. company information from Wikipedia @http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real3DFormal complaint to SEC regarding Intel Corporation, Transactions with SGI Inc, Lockheed Martin etc re: Real3d Inc and other March 25, 2009 @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090325%20FINAL%20Intel%20SEC%20Complaint%20SIGNED2073.pdfFormal Petiton to President Barack Obama, White House Counsels Office, US Attorney General Eric Holder Feb. 13th 2009 @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090213%20FINAL%20SIGNED%20LETTER%20OBAMA%20TO%20ENJOIN%20US%20ATTORNEY%20FINGERED%20ORIGINAL%20MAIL%20l.pdfTwelve Count, Twelve Trillion DollarMulti-Party Amended Complaint SDNY alleging RICO, Anti-trust, theft, fraud and more relating to Technologies and Intellectual properties @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080509%20FINAL%20AMENDED%20COMPLAINT%20AND%20RICO%20SIGNED%20COPY%20MED.pdfMotion to Compel US Second Circuit Court of Appeals & Citizens Arrest of Judges and More @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090908%20FINAL%20Emergency%20Motion%20to%20Compel%20SIGNED44948.pdfPress Release IVIEWIT TRILLION $$ FED SUIT DEFENDANT PROSKAUER ROSE SUED IN GLOBAL CLASS ACTION RE STANFORD PONZI @http://www.free-press-release.com/news-iviewit-trillion-fed-suit-defendant-proskauer-rose-sued-in-global-class-action-re-stanford-ponzi-1252249099.htmlPress Release NY TIMES REPORTS 80M SUIT CLAIMING WHITEWASHING IVIEWIT COMPLAINTS V. PROSKAUER & NY SUPREME COURT @ http://www.free-press-release.com/news/200711/1195860789.htmlMore information @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comExpose Corrupt Courtshttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2009/05/holocaust-survivor-leads-charge-in.htmlhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2008/12/proskauer-rose-house-of-cards-crumbling.htmlhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2007/12/ethics-scandal-hearing-greeted-with-15.htmlhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2008/04/ny-ethics-scandal-tied-to-international.htmlTags: allen stanford, barroway, bernard madoff, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, patent, patentgate, person, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, theft, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga Posted in Iviewit Press Releases |   1 Comment Prepared Statement of Eliot I. Bernstein of Iviewit to New York Senate Judiciary Committee John L. Sampson Regarding Trillion Dollar Iviewit Federal Lawsuit Naming Proskauer Rose, Foley & Larnder, IBM, Intel, SGI, Lockheed and MoreOctober 7th, 2009 I-VIEW-IT HOLDINGS, INC.I-VIEW-IT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Eliot I. BernsteinFounder & InventorDirect Dial: (561) 245-8588 (o) (561) 886-7628 (c)Monday, October 05, 2009The Honorable Senator John L. SampsonChairman of the New York State Standing Committee On The JudiciaryNew York State SenateNYS Senate Judiciary CommitteeDistrict Office1222 96th StreetBrooklyn, NY 11236Tel: (718) 649-7653Fax: (718) 649-7661Albany Office409 Legislative Office BuildingAlbany, NY 12247Tel: (518) 455-2788Fax: (518) 426-6806Re:  Submission of Prepared Statement Regarding Testimony of Eliot I. Bernstein at September 24, 2009 Public Hearing, For Inclusion in The Public Record for the Hearings Regarding the Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, the grievance committees of the various Judicial Districts and the New York State Commission on Judicial ConductDear Honorable Senator John L. Sampson,Thank you for your courage in conducting the first Hearing on June 08, 2009 and the second Hearing of the NYS Senate Judiciary Committee on September 24, 2009 regarding the NY Judicial and Attorney Disciplinary processes. Enclosed please find a Written copy of the Prepared Statement and Exhibits that accompanies my testimony for the NYS Senate Judiciary Committee for inclusion in the public records of the hearings. As you may recall, I flew to Albany on June 8, 2009 from Boca Raton, Florida to provide testimony yet denied the opportunity to testify that day because of the now infamous Senate Coup in Albany that took place in the Capital Building, shutting down the hearings immediately prior to my testifying. Again, on September 24, 2009, I appeared at the second hearing in Manhattan at 250 Broadway in New York and testified but was unable to finish my testimony before the Committee, yet I am most thankful for even the limited time I had, as already it yielded the Committees interest and intervention in certain matters. As you may recall, interruptions occurred through parts of my Testimony while you discussed issues with William Galison who was videotaping Mr. Alan Friedberg, current head of the First Department Appellate Discipline Committee and Mr. Alan Tembeckjian, Chief Counsel of the current NYS Commission on Judicial Conduct. Several minutes of my testimony interrupted as Friedberg and Tembeckjian became very uncomfortable with videotaping at a Public Hearing, which I found highly unusual for Public Officials. In the event that a third hearing is scheduled, if the Committee would be so kind and has available time resources, as I know many victims lined the room hoping to testify at the last hearing, I request additional time for further testimony to be publically entered into the record. I hereby request that my Prepared Statement be accepted for the Record of these Judiciary Hearings before the NY State Senate, as I was promised by both Timothy Spotts and Lisa Lashley that the Prepared Statement and all exhibits would be submitted to the entire Committee and for inclusion into the record. I therefore respectfully request an Acknowledgement notice from your Office as current Chair of the Committee that this letter and the attached Prepared Statement were docketed officially in the record. As captured in the live testimony provided on September 24, 2009 @ [ Judiciary Committee Hearing Linkage my Testimony Begins at 4.02.08 in this video @ http://www.livestream.com/nysenate/ondemand/pla_cce9d795-b7f2-4996-8fbd-a4c848aba2bd?initthumburl=http://mogulus-user-files.s3.amazonaws.com/chnysenate/2009/09/24/3ccbb0fd-f73d-4733-9ae52aac6d59f1ac_8530.jpg&playeraspectwidth=4&playeraspectheight=3 &First Hearing June 08, 2009 Judiciary Committee Hearing with Anderson Testifying Second @ Part 1 @ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8OX8uuAbw&feature=player_embeddedI asked the Committee to determine the status and location of my complaints against Alan Friedberg, current Chief Counsel of the First Department Appellate Division Discipline Committee and Roy L. Reardon Partner at Simpson Thacher appointed to a three-year term as Chairman of the Appellate Division, First Department Disciplinary Committee, the complaints now falling far outside the procedural response time. May the Committee also take formal notice that the complaints against Friedberg and Reardon arose from their handling complaints filed against Lawyers in Conflict in my Federal Lawsuit and where the First Department and First Department Disciplinary Committee are both Defendants in the same Lawsuit, again conflict beyond belief. Arrangements were made with Monica Connell of the New York Attorney Generals Office who is representing the First Department Defendants, to have the complaints moved prior to any action by the First Department, to a Non-Conflicted Third Party prior to even reviewing them. Instead, the First Department ignored the requests and decision of their representative counsel, the NYAG and moved to Dismiss the Complaints against other Defendants in the Lawsuit that they are Defendants in as well. Defendants, dismissing complaints against other Defendants, complaints directly related to the Lawsuit they are Defendants in, creating overwhelming Appearance of Impropriety through violations of Title 18 and State Obstruction Laws, Violations of Attorney Conduct Codes and Violations of the Rules and Regulation of the First Department Disciplinary itself.The Dismissals instantly appealed, yet again, we have still heard nothing back from the First Department or their counsel the NYAG and certain procedural rules appear broken. At the same time the appeal was timely filed, formal written complaints were lodged against Friedberg and Reardon, again requesting, no demanding, the complaints be moved to a Non-Conflicted third party by the NYAG from the First Department. Complications also arise since the NYAG is also a Defendant in the Lawsuit and thus calls then were made to the NYAGs office whereby Steven M. Cohen [http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090613%20FINAL%20NYAG%20Steven%20Cohen%20Letter%20signed%20low.pdf and http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090618%20FINAL%20NYAG%20Steven%20Cohen%20Letter%20Re%20Lamont%20Signed.pdf ],Andrew Cuomos Chief of Staff, claimed that neither he nor Andrew Cuomo was aware of the situation unfolding and that he would personally look into the matters. The original call to the NYAGs office prior to Cohens involvement was made to ascertain whom to file Title 18 Obstruction charges with against the NYAG and First Department. I await the formal response from the NYAG and again urge this Committee to intercede and find out exactly who will be investigating the matters and complaints in a situation where it appears almost everyone involved or who is supposed to be protecting citizens rights have Conflicts of Interest in New York concerning these matters.It should be noted that similar to the Whistleblower Anderson, central to this Committees investigation, the NYAG is representing the State Defendants against the Plaintiff, not vice versa. Especially twisted in this scenario is there is a Whistleblower exposing Public Office Corruption, which should legally obligate the NYAG to represent the Whistleblower through its Public Integrity Division responsible for investigating corruption by Public Officials, therefore the NYAG should be representing the Whistleblower, the Legally Related Lawsuits and the Public Interest and not the accused Public Officials. Yet we find the NYAG representing the accused Public Officials they should be investigating in the Anderson Whistleblower lawsuit and the lawsuits Legally Related by Federal Judge Shira Scheindlin, despite the fact that Scheindlin has referred the related cases to the NYAG. This leaves the question of just who is representing the People and are the People paying for the defenses of the accused Public Officials on the Public Dime and finally does this not put the NYAG in a Conflict of Interest that acts to Obstruct Justice by preventing Prosecution.The NYAGs Conflict of Interest is more insipid, as it also acts to Obstruct Justice as the conflicted representation makes it impossible for the NYAG to investigate and prosecute those they are representing, representing on STATE TAXPAYERS money. Absolutely obscene and as the citizens of New York discover that the NYAG is representing, not prosecuting Public Officials in allegations of Public Office Crimes by Whistleblowers, which they are charged with investigating, the Public will Lose Faith in the Public Offices designed to protect them. It will make them sick when they find that this illegal representation is on Public Finances and there will be hell to pay for those involved who have created this nifty shield from prosecution. I remind this Committee of New York Penal Code 195.00 that states: A public servant is guilty of official misconduct when, with intent to obtain a benefit or deprive another person of a benefit: 2. He knowingly refrains from performing a duty which is imposed upon him by law or is clearly inherent in the nature of his office.As the video tapes of the hearings reveal, upon request for the Committee intervention, you Senator Sampson asked Mr. Friedberg to look into where the missing complaints were and inform the Committee of the Status and Mr. Friedberg claimed he would look into them. Not that his representative counsel in my Lawsuit against the First Department would look into them but that he personally would look into them, which again would violate entirely rules regarding Conflicts, yet it was very revealing of how things operate now at the First Department. Respectfully, I await the Committees determination as to the location and status of these Complaints and what non conflicted third party the complaints should transfer too. The complaints against Reardon and Friedberg and the others as follows:[February 09, 2009 New York State Office of Attorney General Public Integrity Complaint RE: I. Roy L. Reardon letter dated January 27, 2009 II. Alan W. Friedberg letter dated January 12, 2009 III. ComplaintsA. New Complaints1. Roy L. Reardon, Esq.  Waiting Docket #2. Alan W. Friedberg, Esq.  Waiting Docket #B. 2008 Complaints Matters of Attorney Complaints Docket #2008-0756, appears to attempt to merge multiple complaints into one, waiting formal individual docket #s from NYAG.3. Proskauer Rose, LLP  First Dep. Failed to formally docket4. Foley & Lardner - First Dep. Failed to formally docket 5. Gregg M. Mashberg, Esq. - First Dep. Failed to formally docket 6. Joanna F. Smith, Esq. - First Dep. Failed to formally docket 7. Todd C. Norbitz, Esq. - First Dep. Failed to formally docket8. Anne B. Sekel, Esq. - First Dep. Failed to formally docketC. Old Complaints (Transferred by Unpublished Orders M3198 - Steven C. Krane / M2820 Kenneth Rubenstein and M3212 Raymond A. Joao on Unanimous Consent of First Dept Justices for Conflict of Interest and the Appearance of Impropriety to Second Department. Second Department failed to conduct formal investigations ordered by First Dept.)9. Thomas Cahill Special Inquiry No. 2004.1122 (former 1st Dept Chief Counsel)  Ongoing investigation by Martin Gold.10. Steven C. Krane docket #2004.1883 (1st Dept Officer, former NYSBA President & Proskauer partner) 11. Kenneth Rubenstein docket #2003.0531 (Proskauer partner) 12. Raymond A. Joao docket #2003-0352 13. Proskauer Rose, LLP - First Dep. Failed to formally docket 14. Meltzer Lippe Goldstein & Schlissel - First Dep. Failed to formally dockethttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090209%20NYAG%20PUBLIC%20INTEGRITY%20COMPLAINT%20SIGNED.pdf andMarch 09, 2009 Plaintiffs First Dept DDC Complaints Proskauer and Foley ~ See pages 24-27 @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080305%20Final%20Plaintiff%20Opposition%20to%20Proskauer%20letter%20as%20counsel.pdf ]As a final matter, I look forward to timely receiving a signed copy of my Conflicts of Interest Disclosure Form, attached to the Prepared Statement from yourself and the other members of the Committee or any other person this Committee may join to investigate the matters further. I also respectfully request that all information and testimony I have rendered the Committee be turned over to the Task Force the Committee is starting as stated in the hearings for immediate review and investigation.I again thank you for your courageous efforts in the face of Corruption and more respect you for your upfront disclosure in the hearing that you previously worked for the main accused in my allegations, the Proskauer Rose law firm. Respectfully Yours, Eliot I. BernsteinFounder & InventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit CorporationEnclosure(s)/Attachment(s)  Prepared Statement for Inclusion Into Judiciary Committee Hearing Public RecordUniform Resource Locator(s) All Uniform Resource Locators ( URLs ) incorporated in entirety by reference hereincmb/eibec & cc ~ Electronic and Carbon Copy(ies)The Honorable Barack Hussein Obama II, President of the United StatesNew York Senate Judiciary Committee MembersThe Honorable John Conyers Jr. - Chairman of the House Judiciary CommitteeThe Honorable Dianne Feinstein, United States Senator, Senate Judiciary CommitteeThe Honorable Eric H. Holder Jr., United States Attorney General ~ US Department of JusticeThe Honorable Elena Kagan, Solicitor General ~ US Department of JusticeThe Honorable Glenn Fine, Inspector General ~ US Department of JusticeRobert S. Mueller, III, Director ~ Federal Bureau of InvestigationCandice M. Will  Assistant Director, Office of Professional Responsibility ~ Federal Bureau of InvestigationThe Honorable Harry I. Moatz, Director, Office of Enrollment & Discipline ~ United States Patent & Trademark OfficeTodd J. Zinser, Inspector General ~ United States Department of CommerceDavid Kappos, Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark OfficeJohn J. Doll, Commissioner for Patents ~ United States Patent and Trademark OfficeDavid L. Gouvaia, Treasury Inspector General for Tax AdministrationMary L. Schapiro, Chairperson ~ United States Securities and Exchange CommissionPeter L. McClintock, Acting Inspector General ~ Small Business AdministrationChris P. Mercer, President ~ Institute of Professional Representatives before the European Patent Office (epi)Steven Michael Cohen, Counselor and Chief of Staff for Andrew Cuomo ~ New York Office of the Attorney GeneralIviewit Shareholders, Investors and Patent Interest HoldersSelect Press 1897 FinalNY Senate Judiciary Committee Prepared Statement Of Inventor Eliot Ivan BernsteinIviewit Technologies, Inc.Introduction:Hello and let me thank all of you for the opportunity to tell my most compelling story that involves a widespread corruption in the New York Courts and New York investigatory bodies that have utterly failed in their civic duties to protect my rights and in fact have become the actual Nemesis that block my rights. My name is Eliot I. Bernstein and I reside in Boca Raton Florida and flew here to NY for the first hearings on June 8, 2009, and was prepared to address the Committee until the sudden Coup cancelled the remainder of the calendar prior to me speaking. I have traveled here while under a medical treatment program to tell you about the saga of my companies I-View-It in what has earned the moniker PatentGate and its relation to the Whistleblower case of Christine C. Anderson involving the Courts of New York and more. I remind all of you of the Conflict of Interest disclosure forms I have sent to this Committee and request that any/all conflicts be appropriately disclosed during these hearings or immediately hereafter. I am 12 years husband to my lovely wife Candice, father of 3 beautiful sons, Joshua Ennio Zander, Jacob Noah Archie & Daniel Elijsha Abe Ottomo and an Inventor of the Iviewit Technologies involving video and image compression commonly referred to as mathematical scaling formulas, now used on virtually all digital imaging and video devices. Examples of the uses: The Hubble Space Telescope ( providing views into the universe and time like never before seen, my fav!!! ),All Internet Service providers hosting video, All computers and televisions playing video, DVDs HDDVDs, etc.All graphics chipsAll Digital Television & Cable Service Providers, Digital Video Hardware  Televisions, cameras, etc.Mass of Defense Applications such as space and flight simulators, missile and drone guidance systems, etc.Medical Imaging devices, GPS Mapping Programs, such as Google used for zooming from space to locations on earth with crystal clarityYouTube, Hulu, etc.Microsoft Media, Real Video, QuickTime VideoMy technologies are the subject of a Multi-Count (12) Multi-Trillion Dollar, Yes, Twelve Trillion Dollar Federal RICO Lawsuit [May 09, 2008 Iviewit Amended Complaint @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080509%20FINAL%20AMENDED%20COMPLAINT%20AND%20RICO%20SIGNED%20COPY%20MED.pdf ]in Federal Court here in New York State. The Lawsuit results from Theft, Fraud, and other Wrongful actions committed against my companies, shareholders and investors, including Death Threats and an Attempted Murder by my formerly trusted accountants and attorneys. Yes, Death Threats by Utley to shut up about what was discovered or else, emphasizing the powerful Law Firms ability to destroy me. YES, an Attempted Murder against my family by way of a Car Bombing of our family MiniVan in Boynton Beach Florida, not in Iraq, as my lovely wife Candice and I were preparing papers to file in court against the perpetrators. Thus, please note the Seriousness of the claims here, as Attempted Murder is a very serious charge. Full pictorial evidence of the Car Bombing that was strong enough to take out three others cars next to mine found @ www.iviewit.tv .That is where the kids would have been!After a Car Bombing, you may think the safety of my family and children is my number one concern, but it is not, stopping the Disgusting Corruption plaguing the Courts and the Country before it harms more people is my priority, as leaving this fight to our children and future inventors by burying my head in the sand IS NOT AN OPTION. Paving the way for their future is dependent on our successes at fighting the corruption within our own legal system that stands as one the greatest threats to their futures. Take note that behind almost all of the crimes committed in the United States of late, whether War, Torture or Fraudulent Financial Market Manipulations there have been no Regulations, Regulators or Laws Protecting the Citizens. The crimes have been committed and allowed by those in the legal profession, whom were entrusted with protecting the People through laws, whom now think they are above the law and act outside law. This lawlessness has tarnished our world reputation, killed innocent soldiers, created a mass of war causalities and have caused a worldwide economic terrorist attack on home loans, banks, insurance companies, investment banks and more by those running our financial markets and those regulating them, mostly attorneys, all who were to be guarding the henhouse.The crimes to steal my Inventions were similarly committed by my trusted lawyers and accountants, retained to protect my inventions and who instead fraudulently filed my inventions in others names, including the patent attorneys, one patent attorney from Yonkers, Raymond Anthony Joao, putting 90+ patents into his own name[ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Joao%20Article%20-%20ninety%20patents.pdf ]. Joao, placing the Patents in his name while retained by my companies and after employ by my companies. Yes, a patent attorney patenting his clients inventions in his own name, who it appears became more inventive than Thomas Edison after meeting me. In fact, I reference an Iviewit filing of Joaos, back in the 1900s[ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Joao%20Article%20-%20ninety%20patents.pdf ] for my companies inventions as the fax header provided on the official patent office filing is dated both in the 1900s and 2020s and I submit the Certified Copy from the Patent Office to this body, in the Exhibit & Linkage Section provided in my Prepared Statement submitted to this body herein.It should also be noted here, that information surfaced from another Florida Businessman, one of Floridas Leading Business individuals, Monte Friedkin, that these very same criminals disguised as attorneys from Proskauer Rose LLP ( Proskauer ) and Foley & Lardner LLP ( Foley ), had in fact pulled a similar attempted heist of his intellectual properties. The attempted theft from Friedkin occurring immediately prior to these same attorneys preying upon my companies, exhibiting an alleged criminal enterprise cloaked as law firms and lawyers. This was the basis for filing a RICO against the entities comprising the criminal enterprise as it was learned that several law firms, lawyers and others involved in the Friedkin attempted theft and my own were working together to commit these crimes. Learning later that these powerfully connected law firms and lawyers penetrated deep within the United States Patent Office and other government agencies and that part of the criminal enterprise operates to block due process of any victims that may challenge them. Being that they have legal degrees, these attorneys can infiltrate courts and investigatory agencies to block complaints against them. Infiltration similar to what the Whistleblower, Christine Anderson has previously testified to this Committee about regarding Obstruction of Justice for favored lawyers and law firms within the First Department, Document Destruction, Coercion and Physical Assault on those insiders not willing to go along with the crimes within the New York Supreme Courts. In fact, Anderson in her original Lawsuit mentions the Iviewit Companies as one of the reasons, due to complaints filed against the Chief Counsel and others leading to physical abuse and other crimes against her. New Whistleblowers from within the same department have surfaced and have been deposed in Anderson, confirming allegations of corruption in the New York Supreme Court.In fact, my federal Twelve Trillion Dollar Lawsuit was marked Legally Related by Federal District Court Judge Shira Scheindlin to the federal Whistleblower case of NYS Court Insider Christine C. Anderson who worked as a Principal Attorney at the Department Discipline Committee in the NYS First Department Appellate Division. As you should be aware, the Anderson Whistleblower case now slated for a public trial currently scheduled for Oct. 13, 2009. History relevant to the First Department Appellate Division, the NYS Courts System and State of New York: Multiple attorneys regulated by the Courts of New York and specifically the NYS First Department have been involved in the Iviewit matters for nearly 10 or more years going back to 1998 when my Technologies were first being tested, used and in the process of securing Patents and related Intellectual Property rights to protect the technologies. The Technologies were tested and used at the Real3d Inc labs located on Lockheed Martin property in Orlando Florida. Real3d at the time owned by Lockheed, the Intel Corporation and Silicon Graphics Inc. Real3ds history in the graphics industry goes back to the Apollo Lunar space projects and whereby they own most of the essential intellectual properties relating to 3D imaging and video since that time. Leading Engineers at Real3d, Intel and Lockheed who tested and used my technologies deemed them as Priceless, of course all of these actions were under Non-Disclosure and other Strategic Alliance and Licensing Agreements. Hassan Miah, an industry expert who headed the Creative Arts Agency ( CAA ) / Intel Multimedia Lab, which is accredited for taking the Internet from a text based medium to one with multimedia for the public Internet, upon first learning of the technologies, opined on them calling them Holy Grail of the Digital Imaging and Video world, favorable comments came from hundred of companies, many Fortune 500s later under NDA, etc. Real 3d, then became the first strategic alliance partner of the Iviewit companies. At the time, in the late 90s rich media for the Internet consisted of simple banner ads and very small grainy images due to the bandwidth limitations even on high speeds, that playing video was like trying to suck and elephant thru a straw. Internet Video was so bad due to bandwidth constraints that there was no practical or commercial use for it at the time. In fact, Microsofts Bill Gates, prior to learning of my inventions, was so aghast with the video quality ( postage sized, grainy, low frame-rate, herky-jerky and out of synch with the audio ) that he did not want it even associated with his operating system, so that he gave Robert Glazer who headed his media department at the time, all of the media technologies to take and start his own company, Real Media which started with the Real Media Player that had limited use but to Geeks was definitely cool. The search for, full screen, full frame-rate, low bandwidth quality video and imaging was deemed the search for the Holy Grail as all prior attempts by leading engineers and institutions worldwide had failed and given up due to the mathematical impossibilities.Thus, my Inventions are Backbone in nature to the Internet and All Forms of Digital Imaging and Video today, providing the mathematical scaling formulae that permit scaling and compression of video and solving for pixel distortion on images. The technologies reduced the amount of bandwidth necessary to create digital video, to process video, to transmit the video, to store the video and to display the video by an unprecedented 75% Percent savings over past technologies in all of these areas that now make up the digital imaging and video that is part of your everyday lives. Now please just think of what this meant 10 years ago at the time of discovery, as today the technologies are so prevalent in everyday life as to make one think they have been here forever. Due to the ability to transmit video in 75% smaller packages using the technologies, much lower bandwidths became viable for video, therefore the technologies opened the door for brand new markets such as Cell Phone Video, Internet Video and Video Conferencing through the Internet, all previously thought to be impossible 10 years ago, all non-existent then. The effect the technologies had on Video for Television distribution due to the bandwidth savings over the prior method of interlacing video, used since the invention of Television, essentially permitted 75% More Channels on Television, Yes your cable channels increased at the time by a WHOPPING 75%. The channel increase yielding more; Cub and Yankees games, Mets games, Soccer games, City Festival shows, Educational programs, Nature programs, Children programs, whatever the imagination and market desired and paving the way for ON DEMAND & HD cable television. In the higher bandwidth markets, DVD, HDDVD, Gaming, Simulators, etc. the technologies paved the way for these super high end video creations, as the technologies simultaneously yielded a corresponding 75% increase in processing power for video encoding, which allowed games and simulators to become almost lifelike in animations and found today on every gameboy, WII, Sony Playstation and X-box. The Technologies applications for Digital Imaging changed virtually every digital display device! For example, most of you have digital cameras that now utilize zoom and pan features with no image pixilation as you zoom. Incredible zoom on low-resolution images on and off the camera, as most of you have zoomed from satellites to aerial images of your homes with clarity never before imagined prior to the inventions. Conversely, those satellites turned to space from your house provide a zoom capability that delves deep into space, further than we ever imagined, resulting in astonishing images of the universe, one of my most prized uses of the technologies. In medical imaging again the uses of zooming on x-rays, mris and other imaging devices has provided the medical industry a new view of the human body, translating to far better treatments.Again, keep in mind that the technologies for Digital TV, Internet Video and Video on Demand, which you find today as part of your life, were non-existent back in 1997-1999 when Iviewit began. Markets for all of these products wholly dependent on the technologies, created from the technologies and where royalties for over a decade have been converted illegally by my former Lawyers and Law Firms who were hired to protect the inventions for their retained client inventors.Enter the Law Firm Proskauer:First on the scene of these Historical Inventions in Boca Raton, Florida, Christopher Clarke Wheeler of Proskauer, Proskauer was then retained for protecting the Intellectual Properties, including protecting them worldwide via Patents, Trademarks, Trade-Secrets and Copyrights. For example, Wheeler misrepresented to the Iviewit companies that attorney Kenneth Rubenstein was a Partner at Proskauer when introducing him. [http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/1999%2001%2028%20LETTER%20TO%20GORTZ%20-%20WHY%20IS%20RUBENSTEIN%20NOT%20AT%20PROSKAU.pdf]Yet, to the contrary, investors found Rubenstein was instead at the law firm of Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolfe & Schlissel ( Meltzer ) on Long Island at the time, Rubenstein, now one of the many named Defendants in my Twelve Trillion dollar RICO and Anti-Trust suit legally related to Anderson. Why would Proskauer misrepresent that Rubenstein was a partner who would protect the properties when in fact he was with another firm? The answer revolves around the fact that Proskauer at the time of learning of the inventions had NO Patent or Intellectual Property Department and was mainly a real estate law firm. If they were planning from the start to steal the Holy Grail technologies, they would need a patent department to monetize the royalties for themselves.Turns out that Kenneth Rubenstein, an attorney admitted and regulated by the NYS First Dept, while at Meltzer, simultaneously was involved with the MPEGLA Patent Pool that he was in house counsel for and one of the founders of the MPEGLA pooling scheme. Proskauer then set about to find for their benefit, not their clients benefit, Rubenstein, to apply the technologies to the MPEGLA patent pools and more for themselves. After finding Rubenstein, Proskauer introduced him as Proskauers Partner for the Oversight and Protection of the Inventions and the main IP Litigator who would get the IP protected and then placed in the MPEGLA pools for royalties to the Iviewit investors. [Shareholder Statements http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/SHAREHOLDER%20STATEMENTS%20BOOKMARKED.pdf ] Misrepresented Proskauer partner Joao retained to complete the Intellectual Property filing work in the US and every country around the world for IP protections. Rubenstein and Joao thought initially to be Proskauer partners in New York working to protect the Iviewit Inventions took invention disclosures from the inventors, opined on the technologies under Proskauers retainer for services at the time, while they were actually working on the MPEGLA Patent Pools at Meltzer and were not with Proskauer at all.Once investors discovered Proskauers misrepresentation of Rubenstein and Joao as Proskauer partners, when instead with the law firm Meltzer, Rubenstein quickly switched firms to Proskauer. Wheeler claiming that Proskauer was in the process of acquiring Rubenstein and virtually overnight Rubenstein jumped ship with almost the entire Meltzer IP group to Proskauer. Details of Rubensteins transfer were not clear to Rubenstein or Wheeler in their depositions related to these matters; in fact, Rubenstein was even unclear as to the terms of his partnership deal. The net result of these fraudulent misrepresentations was that it now gave Proskauer, Iviewit Patent Counsel, control of the MPEGLA patent pooling schemes, putting Proskauer in direct competition with Iviewit via control of MPEGLA. MPEGLA now the largest infringer of the Iviewit technologies through this massive Conflict of Interest created by Violations of Virtually All Attorney Conduct Codes and Law by the Attorneys. A Conflict of Interest almost surreal in nature since attorneys are typically retained as trusted advisors considering there are supposed to be very strict federal Patent Bar and State Bar Association rules that presumably prevent lawyers and law firms from these type of conflicts with their trusting clients.Raymond Joao on the other hand, also misrepresented as Rubensteins Proskauer Partner and filing lackey was also instead working with Rubenstein at the Meltzer firm but he did not transfer from Meltzer to Proskauer with Rubenstein and the rest of the Meltzer team. Joao was to transfer to Proskauer after cleaning up loose ends at Meltzer according to Wheeler. Yet, Joao never made it that far, as within the first year of his work on the IP, it became learned that Joao might have been patenting inventions in his own name, inventions learned under disclosure and retainer with Iviewit and the Inventors. Proskauer and Wheeler confronted with the initial rumors that Joao, their operate, was filing patents wrongly on behalf of the Inventors and perhaps the right ones for himself instead. Wheeler of Proskauer volunteered to investigate Joao and was then further retained and billed for investigating the initial allegations that Joao was missing filings for Iviewit while busy patenting them in his name. Joao the attorney Proskauer referred and retained for Iviewit whom they had misrepresented to Investors and Board Members initially as a Proskauer partner, never made the conversion to Proskauer, terminated by Proskauer from Iviewit and then Joao left Meltzer and took a new position with now recently Convicted Felon Marc S. Dreier ( Dreier ). Dreier convicted in a Ponzi scheme second only to that of Bernard Madoff ( Madoff ) and Sir Robert Allen Stanford ( Stanford ). While advising the Iviewit companies on the Intellectual Properties, which posed a competitive threat to MPEGLA, including possible extinction of the MPEGLA pool without a license from Iviewit; Rubenstein, Proskauer and Meltzer then failed to put up a China Wall to protect the Inventions from this MASSIVE Conflict of Interest between Proskauer, Rubenstein and Proskauers new client MPEGLA & Iviewit. Instead, they did the exact opposite and allowed MPEGLA to use the IP for their benefit while using Anti-Competitive Monopolistic practices to eliminate the Inventors and the Iviewit Companies and Shareholders. Perhaps, Joaos 90+ patents were to be included in the MPEGLA patent pooling scheme by Rubenstein, so that royalties could then be shared disproportionately with other inventors in the pool, 90+ patents giving a large share of the divided license royalties from the pool.With Rubenstein as Patent Counsel and the sole Patent Gatekeeper to the MPEGLA IP pools, it would be a no brainer, if Joao had not happened to get caught and a snowball of other crimes began surfacing at about the same time which led to uncovering evidence of a massive criminal enterprise operating within and controlling certain government agencies, law enforcement agencies and courts. No wonder the Justice Department has historically broken up patent pooling schemes using Anti-Trust regulations, as this form of pooling works to deny ma and pa inventors of their Article 1, Sec 8, Clause 8, inventor rights. Intellectual Property Rights protected at the top of the Constitution, I quote,United States Constitution Article 1, Sec 8, Clause 8The Congress shall have power ToPromote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries.These Inventor Protections are the cornerstone of Free Commerce in the United States. In the past, allegations of pooling schemes actually in the business of murdering inventors to steal their inventions or other such heinous crimes discovered have led to the breakup of patent pools like RCAs and Singer Sewings in order to protect inventors. Typically Inventors need Constitutional Protection, the only civil job protected explicity by the Constitution, is due to corporations attempting to deny royalties through heavy handed methods not ones lawyers trying to steal their clients inventions.It should be noted here to this Committee that if invention theft by ones attorneys is not STOPPED, it could lead to the loss of inventors confidence in the US Patent Office which provides the bulk of revenue to this Great Country and therefore is why the Founders placed these protections even higher in the Constitution than Congresses power to create the lower courts and more. That is why this Committee must intervene with all of its powers to prevent this cancer in the legal system which could Halt the Engine that Drives our Economy, imagine inventors afraid to patent in the US the next Greatest Energy Technology and instead seek protection elsewhere. The revenues lost to this country on just one invention, like electricity or in my situation like digital electricity, the loss of revenues and growth opportunities to our country could be catastrophic, I quote A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthurs Court Complete ~ Chapter IX The Tournament by Mark Twain,That reminds me to remark, in passing, that the very first official thing I did, in my administration  and it was on the very first day of it, too  was to start a patent office; for I knew that a country without a patent office and good patent laws was just a crab, and couldnt travel any way but sideways or backways. Enter Foley to Replace JoaoOnce Joao was under investigation by Proskauer he was then terminated from service by them, Proskauer instantly found an old friend of Christopher Wheelers, a one William Dick of Foley and Wheeler vouched for his friend Dick to the Board of Directors. Dick, according to Wheeler was IBMs Patent Counsel for IBMs far eastern patent pool. Dick was also friends and former coworker at IBM and then again with Friedkin with another of Wheelers referrals to the Iviewit companies, Brian G. Utley, who was appointed President of the Iviewit companies whereby Wheeler had presented a falsified resume for Utley to the Board, Shareholders and Investors, a falsified resume in several key ways. First, the resume presented to the Board by Wheeler and Proskauer claimed Utley was a college graduate, in deposition Utley utterly denies ever graduating. The most important fraud on the resume though was on the point of his past employment whereby it stated that due to Utleys innovations for the company, Diamond Turf Equipment, owned by Monte Friedkin had grown to be one of the best and largest companies of its kind due to Utleys running that company. Per Friedkin, it was more like ruining the company, as when Friedkin found Utley, Dick and Wheeler stealing Inventions from him, he fired Utley and closed the shop entirely down taking a several million dollar loss. Major misrepresentation of Utley by Proskauers Wheeler but even more astonishing is that the same crew of Utley, Wheeler and Dick were involved in the Friedkin frauds. Many perjured statements regarding these events were submitted to official investigatory bodies and courts and evidence of these perjurious statements have been included in the Exhibit and Linkage Section under the individuals names.Prior to learning of their seedy past, which had been misrepresented to the Board, Investors and Shareholders, as neither Dick nor Wheeler disclosed their past history together at Friedkins with Utley, nor did they share the information of the failed invention theft with anyone else. Of course, if they did disclose the attempted theft, nobody would have retained them; everyone was in the dark as they handed out falsified resumes and financials to Investment Bankers, Iviewit Investors, Iviewit Shareholders, including the SBA and more. Foley entered the scene under similar false pretenses with Wheeler vouching for Dicks integrity and again failing to notify anyone of their prior failed invention theft. Instantly, Foley identified a mass of problems with Joaos filing but claimed they could correct everything, such as missing assignments, missing inventors, missing patent disclosure information, etc. Again, I myself and the Iviewit Board and Shareholders trusted yet another large law firm in the IP field referred again by Proskauer and this time Foley assured Investors, Investment Banks and Shareholders that they could and would fix the problems with Joaos filing and so they were retained, again, Proskauers Rubenstein as oversight. After several months, Utley came to me and asked me to sign blank patent applications for filings the inventors had not reviewed, Utley claiming they needed to be filed that day, which again was false, as they were not due for several days, Utley persisting that the Inventors had no time for review and that he did not have the IP filing applications to review before signing and could not get them. Noticing several large patent binders on his desk I went to pick them up with another founder and inventor of the Iviewit technologies, James Frazier Armstrong, and what was discovered inside them was both astonishing and criminal.Inside the binders were intellectual property filings with now Utley as sole inventor of technologies including for example an application titled Zoom and Pan on a Digital Camera and another Zoom Image Design Applet both inventions of which Utley was not even employed at the time of invention. Further, Utley replaced original inventors on original patent filings, those filed incorrectly by Joao, Foley fraudulently replacing inventors Zakirul Shirajee and Jude Rosario with Utley on filings, again Utley was nowhere near the scene of invention. Foley now found continuing the Joao fraud it appeared although at the time hard for almost anyone to believe. Further, there were now two or more sets of patents, which almost were identical but were wholly different, as one set missed the inventions entirely and was fraught with bad math and major errors, the others with Utleys name seemed to be the broader and more correct filings. In fact, some of the IP found in the binders taken from Utley were for Intellectual Properties already filed at US Patent Office without anyones knowledge, including the Inventors, Shareholders or the Board of Directors, patents that were solely ( or soullessly ) in Utleys name, being sent to his home address, not Iviewits and more. Almost identical to the Friedkin theft whereby Dick wrote Friedkins inventions into Utleys name and filed them into a corporation incorporated by Proskauer and Wheeler, outside Friedkins employ and without Friedkins knowledge or consent.These fraudulent applications led to immediate taped meetings regarding the fraudulent IP with Foley and Proskauer Partners, Board Members and Shareholders where it was further learned that assignments were missing, inventors were wrong and the patent applications remained filled with errors, I submit to the Committee under the Exhibits and Linkage section of the prepared statement a sample of the IP errors, contained in William Dicks Virginia Bar Complaint Rebuttal. [ William J. Dick Virginia Bar Complaint Rebuttal by Iviewit @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/William%20Dick%20Virginia%20Bar%20Complaint.pdf 1500 or more pages of Killer Evidence ]Foley was to correct everything in time for the filings, the inventors then corrected the patents, and yet Foley still filed the fraudulent patents with the bad math and other fraudulent information, discarding the inventors changes and continuing the fraud. The cat was almost out of the bag at that time, yet it was almost impossible to believe that these were crimes and not some type of mistakes versus part of an organized criminal syndicate of lawyers and law firms attempting to steal inventions, which only later and still today are being unraveled. At the same time, other information indicating fraud began to surface.The Arthur Andersen Audit, The Enron Broadband Attempted Technology Transfers, the Collapse of both Enron and Arthur Andersen and the Ties to the Iviewit Inventions:Another hidden and fraudulent set of events within the Iviewit companies links to Enron Broadband discovered at the same time that Arthur Andersen began a required Audit of the Iviewit Companies performed on behalf of Crossbow Ventures and their corresponding interests of the SBA on their SBIC loans. Andersens Audit discovered identically and similarly named Corporate Shell companies and other misdeeds, as Iviewit also became aware of unauthorized technology transfers taking place by Utley, Dick and Wheeler that included one with Enron Broadband and Blockbuster Video. Enron Broadband had booked Hundreds of Millions of Dollars in revenue on a future deal with Blockbuster Video to stream full screen full frame video over the Internet, that once the crimes at Iviewit were beginning to be discovered, fell apart overnight. Many of those who fully understand the Enron fraud understand that the Broadband divisions fraud was the straw that broke the camels back. As soon as no technology was to transfer in backdoor secret deals to stream or download the videos due to the investigations, and the scandal was unraveling quickly from the audits findings, everything Enron Broadband and Enron had done had to become extinct overnight. Problem, they already had booked the revenue having forgotten the age-old proverb, Dont count your chickens before they are hatched, as greed often blinds the best and brightest too.I note as an aside that the founder of Blockbuster, Wayne Huizenga and his Son, were the seed investors in the Iviewit companies brought to Iviewit by Proskauer and now named Defendants in my Federal Lawsuit. Instantly, almost overnight, with discovery of the Iviewit fraud, both Andersen who was in the midst of the Iviewit audit that was revealing fraud and Enron vanished in scandal, in a trail of criminal document shredding to cover their tracks. Seeing the danger they were in from the exposure of the crimes, our trusted advisors, our retained lawyers and accountants, then began a document shredding of the Iviewit files to rid the evidence of the illegal technology transfers and other evidence revealing their criminal acts. Similar to what Anderson now describes taking place in the First Department regarding the Cover-Up crimes alleged. According to Iviewit Employees stolen briefcases of cash of investor monies, including the SBAs money, then used to bribe and attempt to bribe employees to steal proprietary equipment and trade secrets as indicated in one employees written statement contained in the referenced link in my Prepared Statement Submitted to this Committee @ http://Iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/SHAREHOLDER%20STATEMENTS%20BOOKMARKED.pdf . Witness testimony on page 10 or found on the Iviewit Homepage under Evidence Link 784.The Cover-Up CrimesThe Twelve Trillion Dollar, Federal RICO Lawsuit Legally Related by Federal Judge Shira Scheindlin to the Whistleblower Anderson Lawsuit, exposes the original violations of federal, state, and international law committed to steal the technologies and additionally exposes a series of ongoing and continuous Cover-Up Crimes. Cover-up Crimes designed to block due process through violations of Judicial Cannons, Attorney Conduct Codes, Public Office Rules and Regulations and Law, through Conflicts of Interest that act to Obstruct Justice, similar to that claimed by Anderson and committed by the many of the same Public Officials of the New York Supreme Court that Anderson fingers. Wherever Iviewit and I filed complaints at the state bars or disciplinary agencies under State Supreme Court aegis in New York, Florida and Virginia, each was later found to have MAJOR CONFLICTS OF INTEREST THROUGH VIOLATIONS OF JUDICIAL CANNONS, ATTORNEY CONDUCT CODES, PUBLIC OFFICE RULES AND REGULATIONS AND LAW, CREATING THE APPEARANCE OF IMPROPRIETY BY PUBLIC OFFICIALS. Mind blowing conflicts, so outrageous as to find Steven C. Krane, former President of the New York Bar Association, Official at the First Department DDC and one, if not thee, leading ethics lawyer in New York and Nationally, found representing complaints against his Proskauer Partners and Himself in First Department complaints, while having an Official Role at the First Department DDC where the complaints were being investigated. How unethical but true and we will return to this matter further in a moment.Fraudulent Patent applications and Patents fraudulently issued into the names of others are crimes directly against the United States and Foreign Agencies as there are sworn oaths on the US Patent Office applications by the inventors, so filing fraudulent patents in others names is a Fraud Directly Upon the United States Patent Office and Worldwide Patent Authorities. Crimes committed by the attorneys directly against government agencies and in violation of Federal Patent Bar Rules, State Attorney Conduct Codes and Law. The crimes also involve not only the creation of fraudulent shell patent filings but fraudulent shell companies for the fraudulent patents to walk out the back door in, all formed by Proskauer and others not properly authorized to create such similarly named entities by the Board of Directors, Investors or management. All these corporate crimes were violations of hosts of state and federal securities regulations and state incorporation laws, more crimes of fraud against government agencies, again committed in violation of Attorney Conduct Codes and Law. Further, the scheme involved a false and fraudulent Billing fraud using a Florida Civil Court ( ruled by recently elected Florida Supreme Court Judge Jorge Labarga and a Defendant in the Iviewit Lawsuit ), which was filed by Proskauer to the tune of $500,000 plus in Wrongful Fraudulent bills, bills designed to create false debt to the fraudulent companies they created, which contained the fraudulent patent filings. Using this complex legal scheme which is a Fraud on a Federal Bankruptcy Court, the fraudulent companies were then to be bankrupted, after being sued for the fraudulent bills whereby the law firm and lawyers would become the largest creditors in the bankruptcy and seize the fraudulent patents hidden inside the fraudulent companies. A plan that went extremely wrong when Arthur Andersen and others discovered that there were possible crimes being committed and fraudulent companies created and that this false information was being distributed to investors including, Wayne Huizenga, Ellen DeGeneres, Alanis Morissette, Crossbow Ventures and the Small Business Administration. The SBA through Crossbows SBA loans which were two thirds of the money Crossbow invested makes the US Government one of the most aggrieved investors in Iviewit. The Proskauer Fraudulent Billing Scheme popped up on the horizon at or around the same time the Iviewit companies were in process to close the $25 Million Private Placement financing deal with Wachovia Securities.[ January 2001 Wachovia Private Placement Memorandum. Please note that Rubenstein is listed as Iviewit Patent Counsel and Advisory Board Members despite his perjurious deposition statements that he knew nothing of Iviewit. Also, note that Proskauer billed for their work preparing the PPM and controlled distribution of the PPM, having authored most of it, including the Management Section. Utley also makes perjurious statements regarding his resume in the PPM that are contradicted in his Deposition for the Proskauer fraudulent billing scheme @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Wachovia%20Private%20Placement%20Memorandum%20Bookmarked.pdf ]No one other than the conspirators of the RICO crimes knew about these illegal legal actions. The Involuntary Bankruptcy was another legal scheme involving this time, Fraud on a Federal Bankruptcy Court, orchestrated by Proskauer referred management Utley and Michael Reale both formerly with IBM and Real 3D Inc. ( Intel, SGI and Lockheed ) on a fraudulent company with fraudulent inventions inside it. On or about this time, Intel, a minority 20% owner of Real 3D, suddenly bought Real 3D from Lockheed the 70% owner and SGI, a 10% owner, in a publicly undisclosed transaction, taking with it the Iviewit inventions which now are alleged to be on almost EVERY chip manufactured since 1998. Through the bankruptcy the underlying IP for the inventions would have become owned by the largest creditors to the fraudulent companies, Proskauer and Real 3D, a batta-bing, like stealing candy from a baby.Again, neither of these illegal legal actions constituting frauds on the courts, the Fraud on the Florida State Court in The Proskauer Fraudulent Billing Lawsuit or the Fraud on the Federal Bankruptcy Court via the illegal Involuntary Bankruptcy were disclosed to Wachovia, Investors, Auditors, Investment Bankers, Shareholders or Management by Proskauer or Foley. At first, upon learning of the billing lawsuit and Involuntary Bankruptcy, it was unclear why these ILLEGAL legal actions existed and what the motive was, still much of the conspiracy remains unknown but at that time very little was known. Only later, while investigating the falsified patent applications with the US Patent Office was it discovered that there were fraudulent patents inside the fraudulent similarly named companies involved in the IB, a company that Proskauer created, then sued and then with their referred co-conspirators filed the Involuntary Bankruptcy against. Companies created without authorization of Shareholders, the Board of Directors or the Investors, and, where the real owners of the fraudulent companies are still unknown and subject of ongoing investigations and calls for Acts of Congress from the US Patent Office to get information regarding the inventions that were involved in the illegal legal schemes and frauds on the courts.Upon learning of the corporate crimes from Arthur Andersen and much of the information regarding the fraudulent legal schemes by AOLTW / Warner Bros. who were doing due diligence for the Wachovia PPM when they discovered the undisclosed actions, including information that patents filed at the USPTO were not those being given to prospective investors and more. Immediately, Iviewit retained counsel to investigate if the Billing Lawsuit, the Involuntary Bankruptcy and the thefts of the IP were realities. Counsel retained by Iviewit found that indeed there were these illegal legal actions and frauds and that the Board of Directors, Management, Investors, Investment Bankers had no knowledge and in fact were distributing the Wachovia PPM which neither mentions the Lawsuit, the Utley IP and other fraudulent IP or the Involuntary Bankruptcy. Iviewit threw out counsel that was representing the matters without authorization or retainers from the Iviewit companies and that time it was still unknown these companies were fraudulent, as they were similarly and identically named to the legitimate companies and Iviewit counsel began representing the matters instantly. The Involuntary Bankruptcy found that Utley, Reale and Real 3d all had no employment contract or ANY binding agreement with the Iviewit company they filed against and that matter instantly went away, as soon as, it was discovered. On the Fraudulent Billing Lawsuit, well Proskauer was not so lucky, counsel retained filed a Counter Complaint exposing the basics of the fraud known at the time, I submit this Counter Complaint to this Committee for review, as it too is subject to ongoing federal investigations.[ January 28, 2003 Iviewit Counter Complaint http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2003%2001%2028%20Counter%20Complaint%20Filed.pdf ]Again, in this fraud, Proskauer was found suing companies they had no retainers with and the bills were not even in the companies sued names but the judge, Jorge Labarga, refused to even acknowledge the Counter Complaint, filed by Competent Counsel, alleging that the lawyers in the Fraudulent Billing Lawsuit perhaps were involved in crimes against the United States and Foreign Nations. Labarga refusing the Counter Complaint and then illegally throwing the Lawsuit out but ruling a default judgment against Iviewit for the entire amount of the fraudulent bill, for failure to retain replacement counsel. It should be noted that Labarga on the eve of trial, cancelled the trial with no notice to Iviewit who showed up with two law firms representing their interests. At the rescheduling hearing, Labarga dismissed both of Iviewits counsel and forced Iviewit to get new counsel for this most complex case in just a few days. In fact, I submit to this Committee evidence that Labarga was aware of Rubenstein, Wheeler, Dick and Utleys perjurious statements made to his court, under deposition and in response to Bar Complaints, whereby perjured statements were proven prior to his throwing the case. In one instance, Iviewit Patent Counsel Rubenstein makes representation that he is being harassed to come to deposition in the matter as he knows nothing about Iviewit or the Iviewit inventions and inventors and refused to be deposed. Labarga had no legal basis to block the deposition so he ordered Rubenstein to deposition, where it became apparent that Rubenstein had LIED and PERJURED HIMSELF to the Court and knew far more about Iviewit than his sworn statements. [Kenneth Rubenstein Deposition http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Depositions%20BOOKMARKED%20SEARCHABLE%20with%20hyperlink%20comments.pdf and http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/1999%2002%2018%20Wheeler%20letter%20regarding%20Rubenstein%20review%20of%20p(1).pdf and http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/1999%2002%2018%20Wheeler%20letter%20regarding%20Rubenstein%20review%20of%20pate.pdf andhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/1999%2004%2026%20Wheeler%20Letter%20to%20Rosman%20re%20Rubenstein%20opinion.pdf ]Despite this damning and irrefutable evidence of Perjury to his court, Labarga ruled against Iviewit and buried the case for an undisclosed amount. Again, information relevant to the case fraud has been submitted to Federal and State authorities. Who owns all these fraudulent companies remains under investigation and all relevant information pertaining to these crimes have also been submitted to Federal and State Authorities and evidence, witness statements, copies of the fraudulent IP and much more are available in the Evidence Section of the Iviewit Homepage with over 1000 exhibits and hereby incorporated by reference in entirety herein for this Committee.Crimes that if prosecuted would have taken down these powerful law firms overnight and put many of the perpetrators behind bars for more years than Madoff, as these crimes involved crimes directly against Federal, State and International Government Agencies, not merely Iviewit. As soon as order is restored to the courts handling these matters in conflict and the corruption plaguing the New York Court system as further supported by Anderson regarding these matters is exterminated, these criminals cloaked as law firms and lawyers will be behind bars for eternity with loss of the entire partnerships assets in a successful RICO prosecution. Knowing that it was all or nothing for the powerful law firms, they had to block due process at every venue at the highest levels, as if any of the complaints, court proceedings or investigations elevated the Billions of Dollars of revenue these firms generate would be gone and legal robes exchanged for prison garb. Herein lies the motive for the Cover-Up Crimes and Mass of Conflicts of Interest and Violations of virtually all Attorney Conduct Codes, Judicial Cannons, Public Office Violations and Law that have infected these matters at present. So thick are the Conflicts that not one person out of all of the courts, disciplinary agencies, law enforcement agencies, even this Committee have signed the requested Conflict of Interest Disclosure Forms provided prior to taking action in the matters. I have provided a Conflict form for the Committee submitted with my Prepared Statement for the June 08, 2009 hearing that did not happen and again have submitted one accompanying this Prepared Statement for my testimony today, again I respectfully demand signing of this COI before the Committee takes action in anyway that may have any impact good or bad on my case. New York Ethics Complaints Filed in 2003 and Dismissed Without Investigation; The Commissioner of Patents for the US Patent Office and Harry I. Moatz, Director of OED of the US Patent Office lead Federal Investigation of Same Attorneys State Bars and Disciplinary Agencies Dismissed without Investigation; West Palm Beach FBI Joins Patent Fraud Investigation Regarding Fraud Directly Upon the USPTOI filed complaints of professional misconduct instantly against Proskauer, Rubenstein, Wheeler, Meltzer, Joao, Foley and Dick and continuously since 2003 alleged a host of professional misconduct, adding new Defendants in my lawsuit who became involved in the Cover-Up Crimes such as Krane, Cahill, the First Department and more. Copies of the complaints can be found on the homepage or in the written Prepared Statement submitted herein to the Committee and in the Exhibit Section at the end of the document and for inclusion into this Committees permanent record, as promised by members of this Committee in accepting this statement. I also note for this Committee that I fully reported the Iviewit frauds on the courts committed by those adjudicating the matters in conflicts in both the courts and state disciplinary agencies, to the West Palm Beach FBI office. Special Agent Stephen Lucchesi of that office was already investigating the Iviewit companies allegations of Frauds, Fraud on the USPTO, Intellectual Property Theft, Death Threats and the Attempted Murder by Car Bombing of my Family Mini-Van in Boynton Beach, Florida. According to the FBI, later, Lucchesi and the Iviewit files went, and remain missing at this time, although upon last speaking to Lucchesi, he was on his way to the US Patent Office to begin investigating the Fraud on the US Patent Office with investigators at the US Patent Office. Moatz confirmed that Lucchesi was in fact working with the US Patent Office regarding the Frauds on the USPTO. The reporting of these public office crimes to the FBI and the missing investigator, led the FBI West Palm Beach Office to direct me to speak only with the FBI Office of Professional Responsibility ( OPR ) the department responsible for handling misconduct complaints against DOJ & US attorneys. When OPR refused to speak with me, claiming they could not speak with private citizens, Inspector General of the DOJ, Glenn Fines Office interceded and the matters where then directed to Alberto Gonzales, then to Michael Mukasey both of them who failed to respond to formal written complaints prior to them fleeing or being forced out of office. The matters have now been forwarded on to US Attorney General, Eric Holder, Jr. and while we await response from Holder at this time, we have not had a response yet. Perhaps he is busy investigating the crimes of lawyers for war crimes or the crimes of lawyers in politicizing the DOJ, or the torture memo lawyers who violated international torture treatises and more or perhaps he is busy investigating the lawyers behind the financial market meltdown who have destroyed our economy for the benefit of a few, mostly criminals disguised as lawyers. A Copy of the Letter to President Barack Obama and Holder can found on the Iviewit Homepage or @ http://Iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090213%20FINAL%20SIGNED%20LETTER%20OBAMA%20TO%20ENJOIN%20US%20ATTORNEY%20FINGERED%20ORIGINAL%20MAIL%20l.pdf and http://Iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20080411%20Iviewit%20Response%20to%20FBI%20OPR%20letter%20signed%20sent%20and%20printed%20copy.pdf Ultimately, Iviewit filed a Complaint of Professional Misconduct against NYS First Dept Disciplinary Committee Chief Counsel Cahill, when it was learned that Cahill had allowed Steven C. Krane of Proskauer, an active Official of the First Department to handle complaints against Proskauer and Proskauer Partner Rubenstein and ultimately himself, Iviewit filed further complaints for Violations of Public Office, Violations of Attorney Conduct Codes and Violations of Law against all of them. Yes, Krane represented the complaints filed against his firm, partners and himself, all the while concealing multiple conflicts of interest and violations of public offices at the First Department which excluded from such twisted representation.In Florida at the State Bar we find similarly Proskauer partner Matthew Triggs While Krane was handling the complaints he was a member of the First Department and kept this Conflict undisclosed while he levied responses on behalf of his clients Proskauer and Rubenstein that were attempts to smear the Iviewit companies and myself, claiming Iviewit was a failed dot com and that Rubenstein never heard of Iviewit and that Proskauer knew nothing about the patents, all while failing to disclose his First Department Roles and CONFLICT. Krane, also in his role at the time as immediate past PRESIDENT of the NYSBA had public office rules barring his handling of disciplinary complaints for a period of one year after his service. His representations of his firm and Proskauer falling within that blackout and Krane again fails to disclose this Public Office Rule and Regulation that prevented his representation. It is interesting to note that without knowing of the concealed conflicts and violations of public offices at the time, how the complaints within the First Department, despite the overwhelming evidence presented to the State Bar and Disciplinary Committees and despite the fact that the Federal Patent Bar, USPTO, USPTO OED and FBI were investigating them, how the state complaints had been Stalled Indefinitely. It was not until discovering the conflicts that it became overwhelming apparent. Iviewit has found Proskauer or Foley in every instance where there was dismissal with no investigation by a State Bar or Disciplinary, much later into the investigations, the Conflicts of Interest and Violations of Public Offices that acted as the glue that bound the Cover-Up causing the delays and dismissals without investigation, even as the First Department Court Unanimously Ordered Krane and the others for formal and procedural INVESTIGATIONS based on the Krane and Cahill conflict information.It was only recently exposed in July 2007 that the underlying Patentgate inquiries were effectively buried, or derailed, under the leadership of Manhattans top State ethics Chief Counsel, Thomas J. Cahill, Esq. Cahills retirement was then quickly announced after his own ethical failings in the Patentgate matter and other unfolding scandal as Anderson began surfacing with Whistleblower allegations, along with other ethics complaints that were made, became known. Then the Whistleblower Anderson came along to confirm ones worst nightmares about the Disciplinary Committees and Courts of New York. It should be noted that Cahill was later deposed in Anderson. From an article in Expose Corrupt Courts, I quote, July 16 2007 DOJ Widens Patentgate Inquiry:In a letter dated July 16, 2007, the U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Professional Responsibility, announced from its Washington, D.C. headquarters that it was expanding its investigation into a bizarrely stalled FBI investigation that involves an almost surreal story of the theft of nearly 30 U.S. Patents, and other intellectual property, worth billions of dollars. The probe reaches some of New Yorks most prominent politicians and judges, and has already proven to be a stunning embarrassment to the States ethics watchdog committees. The Fox and the Hen HouseIt was only recently exposed in July that the underlying Patentgate inquiries were effectively buried, or derailed, under the leadership of Manhattans top State ethics Chief Counsel, Thomas J. Cahill, Esq. Mr. Cahills retirement was then quickly announced after his own ethical failings in the Patentgate matter, along with other ethics complaints that were made, became known.While no one can exactly figure out how inquiries under Mr. Cahills charge went so awry, one thing is certain. At the same time the Patentgate probes were being secreted by state officials in New York, the United States Patent and Trademark Office Patent bar increased their own investigation into the same matter implicating the same attorneys. (Note: Mr. Cahills replacement was recently decided, and an announcement is expected as early as next week by the Appellate Division, First Department Presiding Justice, Jonathan Lippman.)Article @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2007/08/justice-dept-widens-patentgate-probe.html The Damning Whistleblower Case of Christine C. Anderson Allegations of Coercion, Assault, Title 18 and State Obstruction of Justice via Official Supreme Court Document Destruction Inside the First Department by Public Officials, for Favored Law FirmsChristine Anderson provides a pivotal link in her heroic Whistleblowing revelations that shed insight into the criminal behavior running rampant at the highest levels of the First Department, including Coercion, Obstruction, Tampering with Official Investigatory Files, Threatening Federal Witnesses, Document Destruction and Physical Assaults on a Whistleblower tying Iviewit to her own complaint. Andersons original lawsuit filing discussed the impact of Iviewit on her situation relating to a Complaint filed against Cahill and others,[ July 08, 2004 Motion to the First Department Regarding Conflicts and Violations of Public Offices. This Motion led to a Court Ordered investigation of Krane, Rubenstein, Proskauer, Meltzer, Cahill and Joao. http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2007%2008%20RUBENSTEIN%20KRANE%20JOAO%20MOTION%20FINAL%20BOOKMARKED.pdf ]as part of her allegations. Andersons Original Complaint can be found at Iviewit Homepage, Evidence Link or @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/anderson/20071028%20Anderson%20Original%20Filing.pdf Pages 24-25 contain references to the Iviewit Cahill, Krane et al. complaints.Christine C. Anderson a former Staff Attorney at the First Dept filed WHISTLEBLOWER allegations in a Fed Whistleblower suit slated for trial Oct 13 in US District Court Southern District NY (USDC), Anderson v State of NY, 07cv09599. http://iviewit.tv/press/press1.pdf Andersons suit adjudicated by Judge Shira Scheindlin contains allegations of retaliation against Anderson for termination from her job of 6 years, after Anderson exposed systemic Whitewashing & Obstruction inside the First Dept, claiming favoritism by the First Dept for favored law firms & attorneys. I have attached in my Prepared Statement links to several news articles relating to Anderson. http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2009/04/andersons-10-million-lawsuit-proceeds.html & http://iviewit.tv/press/press2.pdf Andersons suit set to bring volcanic like testimony involving Public Office corruption & testimony by officials of the NY State Unified Court system, including Court of Appeals Chief Judge Jonathan Lippman, Presiding Judge at the First Dept during the firing of Anderson. Along with Lippman will be Defendants in Anderson, First Dept Supervisor Sherry Cohen, Former Chief Counsel Thomas J. Cahill, Hon John Buckley, David Spokony & Catherine OHagen Wolfe, Clerk @ US Second Circuit Court of Appeals (USCA), an initial Anderson defendant in her former job as Clerk for the First Dept, now witness in Anderson. Anderson claims Physical Assault & Harassment by Cohen for her heroic WHISTLEBLOWING efforts, Anderson gave riveting testimony at the first of these hearings by the NY Senate Judiciary Committee headed by Hon. Senator John L. Sampson. Andersons testimony found online and links again are provided in the written statement. Andersons testimony comes at 30min into the video found online at the NY State Senate Website or @ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8OX8uuAbw&eurl=http%3A%2F%2Fiviewit%2Etv%2F&feature=player_embedded Prior to permitting Anderson to trial, Scheindlin marked 7 suits, including Iviewits Multi-Count Multi-Trillion Dollar suit http://iviewit.tv/press/press3.pdf legally related to Anderson.Proskauers Control of The Courts and First Department or How a Criminal Enterprise Cloaked as a Law Firm Controls the NY Courts and DisciplinaryMuch of this control at the First Department stems from Proskauers influence over the First Department, which has tentacles extending back to Joseph Proskauer in 1923. For those of you, except Senator Sampson who is a former member of Proskauer, who may not know the history of Proskauer, allow me briefly to fill in some NY history:A Bit of NY History Regarding ProskauerBut as LaRouche points out, such efforts were not restricted to Germany. Simultaneous with the Hitler coup in Germany, London-directed Morgan and Mellon interests were involved in organizing an attempted fascist coup in the United States against President Franklin Roosevelt. The coup plot, slated for full activation by no later than 1935, was exposed in Congressional testimony in November-December 1934 by Marine hero, Major General Smedley Darlington Butler (1881-1940). Earlier, in February 1933, these same networks attempted the assassination of FDR, the failure of which led to the blown coup plot option.While at least the rudimentary facts and dates of the Hitler coup are known, the bankers fascist plot against FDR has been, to this day, blacked out of the history books. To the extent that it is discussed at all, it has been ridiculed as the delusions of Maj. Gen. Butler, whom the coup plotters proposed for their man on the white horse. But, as we shall show, it was not only very real, but, if not for the intervention of the hero, Maj. Gen. Butler, it had a chance to succeed in creating the pretext for a fascist police state in this country The Leagues [ League of Treason ] initiating executive committee were Morgan-allied stooges On its Executive Committee was Morgan stooge and former New York Supreme Court Justice Joseph M. Proskauer, the general counsel to the Consolidated Gas Company. http://american_almanac.tripod.com/smedley.htm The Morgan-British Fascist Coup Against FDR by Lonnie Wolfe Printed in the American Almanac, February, 1999. From Proskauers website I quote, Governor Smith appointed Joseph Proskauer to fill an unexpired term on the New York State Supreme Court in June 1923. That November, he was elected to a full term, and, in 1927, was appointed an associate justice of the Appellate Division, First DepartmentJudge Proskauer decided to resign from the bench to return to private practice.Article @ http://american_almanac.tripod.com/smedley.htm Proskauers site fails to explain the cause of Joseph Proskauers resignation from the Appellate Division, First Department, I will leave this history lesson for another day.At the same time the Patentgate probes were being secreted by state officials in New York, the United States Patent and Trademark Office Patent bar and the United States Patent Office suspended the Intellectual Property beginning formal investigations. Investigations by Federal Attorney Patent Bar agents into the same matters implicating the same attorneys that the NY Disciplinary Committees had dismissed on review with no investigations, despite a Court Ordered Investigation, ordered by the FIRST DEPARTMENT itself, despite knowledge of the Federal Investigations, again, without the Conflicts at the top of the disciplinary known this would seem impossible. The Motion filed by Iviewit mentioned in Andersons Original Complaint was filed upon the bequest of Catherine OHagan Wolfe, Clerk of the First Department court. Wolfe exposed the Cahill and Krane Conflicts and Violations of Public Offices that led to the Court Ordered Investigations by the First Department involving Thomas Cahill, Proskauer, Rubenstein, Krane, Meltzer, Joao and others which has been pending since February of 2003. Wolfe had stated that despite Cahills denial that Krane did not have Multiple Official Conflicting Public Office Positions, including those with the First Department that the three of them were having an Official First Department meeting with Krane in Official Capacity and that Cahill was fully aware of Kranes conflicts. Wolfe then directed me to file the Motion with the First Department that led to a unanimous Order for Investigation by five Justices, for Conflicts of Interest and the Appearance of Impropriety. To hold this landslide off would require top down control of the courts and the disciplinary.How To Block Court Ordered Investigations  Corruption Top DownConflicts discovered at the top of the courts and disciplinary departments, all radiating from Proskauer and Foley, showed how the criminal enterprise cloaked as law firms then networked to block due process, intertwining themselves through the various courts, law enforcement agencies and disciplinary committees to interfere in conflict wherever Iviewit filed complaints. First, in order to understand the hierarchy one must know that Krane formerly clerked for former Chief Judge of New York, Judith Kaye and I will take a moment to read into the record Kranes roles in the courts and disciplinary bodies,2004  COMMITTEE, APPELLATE DIVISION, FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT REFEREE*2004-1996  MEMBER, DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE OF THE APPELLATE DIVISION, FIRST DEPARTMENT *2004 -1996  MEMBER, NEW YORK STATE OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION TASK FORCE ON ATTORNEY PROFESSIONALISM AND CONDUCT2004-1995 CHAIR, GRIEVANCE PANEL, UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT, SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK1999-1998 COMMITTEE, APPELLATE DIVISION, FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT - HEARING PANEL CHAIR)1997-1996 COMMITTEE, APPELLATE DIVISION, FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT HEARING PANEL MEMBER1998 COMMITTEE, APPELLATE DIVISION, FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT - HEARING PANEL REFEREE1993-1991 SPECIAL TRIAL COUNSEL, DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE OF THE APPELLATE DIVISION, FIRST DEPARTMENT.NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, HOUSE OF DELEGATES, 1996 - PRESENT NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, VICE-CHAIR, COMMITTEE ON THE FUTURE OF THE PROFESSION, 1997  PRESENTNEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, CHAIR, SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO REVIEW THE CODE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY, 1995  PRESENTNEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO REVIEW THE CODE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY, 1992-1995NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, COMMITTEE ON PROFESSIONAL ETHICS, 1990-1994NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, CHAIR, TASK FORCE ON SIMPLIFICATION OF LAW, 1989-1991; MEMBER 1988-1989, 1991-1992NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, COMMITTEE ON COURTS OF APPELLATE JURISDICTION, 1984-1988FINALLY, AT THE TIME OF HIS RESPONSE FOR RUBENSTEIN, KRANE WAS THE IMMEDIATE PAST PRESIDENT OF THE NEW YORK STATE BAR AND WITHIN A ONE YEAR EXCLUSION FROM BEING ABLE TO REPRESENT ANY DISCIPLINARY COMPLAINTSBar Affiliations:  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, PRESIDENT, 2001-2002  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, PRESIDENT-ELECT, 2000-2001  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, IMMEDIATE PAST PRESIDENT, 2002-2003  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE, 1998-2003  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, FINANCE COMMITTEE, MEMBER, 2000-2003  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, NOMINATING COMMITTEE, CHAIR, 2004  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, NOMINATING COMMITTEE, MEMBER AT LARGE, 2003  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, HOUSE OF DELEGATES, CHAIR, 2000-2001  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION , HOUSE OF DELEGATES, MEMBER 1996 - PRESENT  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION , HOUSE OF DELEGATES, LIFE MEMBER, 2002 - PRESENT  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, CHAIR, SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO REVIEW THE CODE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY, 1995-1999  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO REVIEW THE CODE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY, 1992-1995  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, CHAIR, SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON MULTI-DISCIPLINARY PRACTICE, 2003 - PRESENT  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, CO-CHAIR, SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO REVIEW ATTORNEY FEE REGULATION, 2003 - PRESENT  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, CO-CHAIR, PRESIDENTS COMMITTEE ON ACCESS TO JUSTICE, 2000-2001  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, VICE-CHAIR, SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON THE LAW GOVERNING FIRM STRUCTURE AND OPERATION (MACCRATE COMMITTEE), 1999-2003  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, VICE-CHAIR, SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON THE FUTURE OF THE PROFESSION, 1997-2000  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, FELLOW, NEW YORK BAR FOUNDATION, 1998 - PRESENT  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON LEGAL ISSUES AFFECTING SAME-SEX COUPLES, 2003 - PRESENT  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON LAW PRACTICE CONTINUITY, 2002 - PRESENT  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON MULTI-DISCIPLINARY PRACTICE AND THE LEGAL PROFESSION, 1998-1999  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, MEMBERSHIP COMMITTEE, 1998-2003  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, COMMITTEE ON MASS DISASTER RESPONSE, 1997-2003  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE, INTERNATIONAL LAW AND PRACTICE SECTION, 2003 - PRESENT  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, COMMITTEE ON PROFESSIONAL ETHICS, 1990-1994  AMERICAN BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, STANDING COMMITTEE ON ETHICS AND PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY, 2004 - PRESENT  AMERICAN BAR FOUNDATION, FELLOW, 2000 - PRESENT  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, CHAIR, COMMITTEE ON CROSS-BORDER LEGAL PRACTICE, 2004-PRESENT  AMERICAN BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, GRAMM-LEACH-BLILEY TASK FORCE, 2002 - PRESENT  ASSOCIATION OF THE BAR OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK, MEMBER, SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON GOVERNMENT ETHICS, 1988-1990  AMERICAN BAR ASSOCIATION, MEMBER, HOUSE OF DELEGATES, 2000 - PRESENT  AMERICAN BAR FOUNDATION, NEW YORK STATE, FELLOW CHAIR, 2003 - PRESENT  ASSOCIATION OF THE BAR OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK, MEMBER, AD HOC COMMITTEE ON PRIVATE LEGAL REFERRAL SERVICES, 1987-1989  ASSOCIATION OF THE BAR OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK, CHAIR, COMMITTEE ON PROFESSIONAL AND JUDICIAL ETHICS, 1993-1996; MEMBER, 1990-1993; SECRETARY, 1985-1988  ASSOCIATION OF THE BAR OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK, MEMBER, COMMITTEE ON FEDERAL COURTS, 1996-1999  ASSOCIATION OF THE BAR OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK, MEMBER, AD HOC COMMITTEE ON MASS DISASTER PLANNING, 1996-1999  ASSOCIATION OF THE BAR OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK, CHAIR, DELEGATION TO THE NYSBA HOUSE OF DELEGATES, 1997 - 1998; MEMBER 1996 - 1998 Other Affiliations:  THE FEDERALIST SOCIETY, LAWYERS DIVISION, SENIOR ADVISOR, PROFESSIONAL RESPONSIBILITY PRACTICE GROUP, EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE, 2003 - PRESENT; MEMBER, 1999-2002  THE FEDERALIST SOCIETY, LAWYERS DIVISION, CHAIR, COMMITTEE ON CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, 1999-2002  THE FEDERALIST SOCIETY, LAWYERS DIVISION, MEMBER, NEW YORK CHAPTER STEERING COMMITTEE, 1994 - PRESENT  NEW YORK BAR FOUNDATION, TRUSTEE, 2004 - PRESENT  AMERICAN LAW INSTITUTE, MEMBER, 1993 - PRESENT Clerkship:  LAW CLERK, HON. JUDITH S. KAYE, NEW YORK STATE COURT OF APPEALS, ALBANY, NY, 1984-1985 Government Service:  CHAIR, GRIEVANCE PANEL, UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT, SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, 1995 - 2001  MEMBER, DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE OF THE APPELLATE DIVISION, FIRST DEPARTMENT, 1996 - 1999  SPECIAL TRIAL COUNSEL, DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE OF THE APPELLATE DIVISION, FIRST DEPARTMENT, 1991-1993  MEMBER, NEW YORK STATE OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION TASK FORCE ON ATTORNEY PROFESSIONALISM AND CONDUCT, 1996 - 1998Then, Judge Kaye was married at the time of the Iviewit matters to a Proskauer Partner the recently deceased Stephen Kaye. Judge Judith Kaye was the highest ranking Public Official in the state of New Yorks courts and disciplinary departments, no more is needed to be said then Kaye had absolute control over the courts and disciplinary committees. From Kayes husband we find further tentacles at the top and from Stephen Kayes Biography I recite his influence at the First Department,Steves experience and expertise in the field of professional responsibility spans 35 years. This has included past membership in the Policy Committee of the First Department Disciplinary Committee and past Hearing Panel Chair for that Committee; past membership in the New York State Judicial Institute on Professionalism in the Law; past Chair of the Committee on Professional Discipline and past Chair of the Committee on Professional and Judicial Ethics of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York. He also has served the legal community in leadership and membership capacities on a number of other committees of the City Bar Association, the New York County Lawyers Association and the New York State Bar Association. Further, Stephen Kaye, late in life made partner of the newly formed Proskauer Intellectual Property Department, formed instantly after learning of the Iviewit inventions and after acquisition of Rubenstein and control over the MPEGLA patent pools was obtained. Then MPEGLA became one of the largest infringers of the Iviewit technologies certainly doing well for the Proskauer Intellectual Property partners and not for their client at all. Proskauer behind all of the Conflicts of Interest and Violations of Public Offices found in the New York Courts, Judith Kaye, Stephen Kaye and Steven Krane are several of only a handful of people who could have masterminded and perpetrated the scheme to indefinitely delay and dismiss without investigation complaints against her husbands firm Proskauer and her former law clerk Krane. Kaye having a vested interest in the outcome of the matters was notified and aware of the Iviewit complaints and orders for investigations and did nothing to intercede on Iviewits behalf, yet at that time Iviewit had no idea of the web of conflicts of interests precluding her from taking the bull by the horn in her courts and why she was avoiding the unfolding scandal, as no one knew of her undisclosed conflicts in the matters. Her interests also include the fact that if they were unsuccessful at blocking the complaints, Kaye and her husband would personally suffer loss of her husbands entire net worth, the firm Proskauer would be sunk, her husband and partners at Proskauer could be facing life + prison sentences for their crimes and this provides the motive for the Cover-Up and to continue to enjoy the stolen royalties of course. Shortly after directing me to file the Motion that led to the Orders, Wolfe transferred jobs mysteriously from the State Court to the Federal US Second Circuit where my lawsuit is now pending.With that history of Proskauers control of the First Department and courts, from Judith Kayes influence down through the highest public offices in New York, all those involved are now named Defendants in my Federal Lawsuit with complaints against them in a host of law enforcement and disciplinary complaints. From an article from Expose Corrupt Courts directly relating to the Patentgate matters and linking Anderson with Iviewit and calling it Tammany Hall II, I quote,The various Cahill Proskauer issues bounced around under the public radar screen at the Court of Appeals in Albany and were ultimately transferred from the 1st Department to the 2nd Department in Brooklyn. This was done after 5 justices of the 1st Dept ruled unanimously to investigate Krane, Rubenstein and Joao for conflict of interest and the appearance of impropriety after their review of the 1st Department complaint.The Cahill inquiry is apparently still pending under attorney Martin R. Gold who, insiders say, was directed to sit on itforever.Earlier this year, FBI headquarters in Washington, D.C. assigned additional agents to the Public Integrity Corruption squad at 26 Federal Plaza in Manhattan, and where agents have been actively conducting interviews.Despite the Unanimous 5-0 Decision by the First Dept ordering Investigation of the Complaints then transferred to the Second Dept for investigation, the Second Dept DISMISSED the Complaints Summarily without Explanation or Investigation, failing to follow the Court Order thereby continuing to permit conflicts and misconduct and blocking due process once again. In fact, the Second Dept Chief Counsel, Kearse, admitted to direct conflicts with Krane of Proskauer and then acted on the matters failing to address the conflicts she had admitted too. A few crime charts here will help show the connections to Proskauer in the Cover-Up crimes in both New York and Florida. New connections between the Virginia Commonwealth, the Virginia AG and Foley have recently been unearthed and have been reported to the USDC and USCA in my Lawsuit and new disciplinary complaints are being formulated for filing shortly.[Meet the Proskauer Rose Crime Family ~ Disguised as a Law Firmturn on speakers] Continued Culture of Conflict and Corruption of Ethics Rules and Law Appearing in a Sothern District of New York Bankruptcy Court with Major Law Firm Davis Polk Wardell and others This Committee should take Notice of continued conflicts within the operation of Attorneys regulated in New York now appearing in the Southern District of NY Bankruptcy Court here in Manhattan in a recent Ch. 11 proceeding filed by Silicon Graphics Inc (SGI ) on April 1, 2009 where the Davis Polk Wardell firm simultaneously represents 2 of the 3 Equity partners who owned Real3d, representing Lockheed Martin and Debtor in Bankruptcy Silicon Graphics Inc while also representing the KPMG Accountants for Silicon Graphics who prepared the financials in the second Ch. 11 filing for SGI. Davis Polk Wardell also is simultaneously representing CIBC, Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley, Deutsche Telekom and others under Signed NDA with the Iviewit companies and me. Real3d Inc, of course, is the company at the center and heart of the Iviewit Technology thefts as related above herein involving Intel, Lockheed Martin and Silicon Graphics owning Real3d where the Technologies were tested and used by Real3d Engineers who deemed them priceless while under Non Disclosure Agreements, Licensing Agreements and Strategic Alliance Agreements with Iviewit and me personally initially. To bring the Conflicts into clear focus, the SGI Ch.11 Bankruptcy was filed just months after coming out of an earlier Ch. 11 protection proceeding and most importantly just 6 DAYS AFTER SGI In House Counsel Evelyn Ramirez was placed on express Notice of a Formal SEC Complaint that I had filed against the Intel Corporation announcing a possible and alleged Multi-Trillion Dollar Accounting Scandal to the SEC for Intels failures to report to shareholder in their annual report, the fact that they are named Defendants in ongoing litigation with certain risks requiring reporting as liability. Further, for their failure to properly account for the misappropriated royalties and costs of knowing infringement whereby reporting those liabilities is also required under FASB No. 5 and related accounting Standards,[http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090306%20Intel%20Demand%20Letter%20&%20Liability%20Exposure%20%20Signed%203549l.pdfandhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090325%20FINAL%20Intel%20SEC%20Complaint%20SIGNED2073.pdf also involving Intel and the Sales Transactions of Real3d involving both SGI and Lockheed Martin SEC Complaints were filed. Thus, not only did SGI file this Ch. 11 protection just 6 days after official notice of involvement in a Multi-Trillion Dollar Lawsuit and accounting scandal thru Real3d Inc, but also the filing comes a few months after SGI had published information in business articles on the web painting a rosy financial picture of the company. What the SGI Bankruptcy Filings in the Southern District of New York show is that Davis Polk Wardell lawyers are intimately at the Heart of SGI during all of the initial years of the Theft of my Technologies while at Real3d during 1998 while simultaneously DPW is representing Lockheed Martin, 2 of the 3 Equity partners in Real3d Inc where ALL of the Sales transactions are now in question. To further complicate matters and add another layer of conflict, DPW represents the very Accountants KPMG that SGI is using in the sudden second Ch. 11 bankruptcy filing when one of the very issues at hand is that an Accounting fraud has occurred thus placing Accountants for SGI in Conflict with SGI and Lockheed YET DPW attorneys have remained to Shield and Block due process against all in blatant violation of Attorney Disciplinary Standards for representation of multiple interests and being Witnesses in litigation since officers inside SGI and Lockheed would have to discuss what was informed to the Accountants KPMG and what KPMG knows and more. Thus, the hearing of any of these Contested Factual issues in the Southern District Bankruptcy Court or any tribunal, commission, authority or agency or other court necessarily forces the Conflicts to be addressed as multiple interests can not be represented by the same law firm yet such Culture of Ethics corruption in New York has allowed these conflicts to continue creating a wall of Title 18 Obstruction of Justice that prevents fair and due process in multiple proceedings since DPW has been permitted to represent 2 Equity partners simultaneously and accountants for an Equity partner where the various parties could otherwise proffer separate and independent statements, evidence, etc. but for the conflicts being permitted to continue.Shockingly, despite having filed a Formal SEC Complaint against the third Equity partner of Real3d , the Intel Corporation and requesting an investigation of the Sales Transactions involving Real3d, SGI, Lockheed and Intel and alleging a possible Multi-Count, Multi-Trillion Dollar Accounting Fraud for infringement of my technologies and FASB No. 5 and other FASB violations, DPW continues on simultaneously representing multiple interests simultaneously before SDNY Judge Martin Glenn who has deliberately refused to even mention the Conflicts in Bankruptcy proceedings despite multiple oral and written requests to resolve such conflicts leading to a formal request for mandatory disqualification of SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Martin Glenn and oversight of the Bankruptcy judge and investigation for Title 18 obstruction and related charges. I note for this Committee that according to published sources, the law firm Davis Polk Wardell recruited Linda Chatman Thomsen back to the firm on April 13, 2009 who was the former SEC Head of Enforcement who was ousted at the SEC over the $65 Billion Madoff Ponzi scheme failures. I also point out to this Committee that April 13, 2009 was only 4 days after I filed an Emergency Motion in the SDNY Bankruptcy Court in the Silicon Graphics Matters on April 9 2009 referencing my Twelve Trillion Dollar alleged Accounting Fraud to the SEC against Intel. More notably, the SGI Ch. 11 filing came on April 1, 2009 just 6 days after SGI received actual notice of my SEC Complaint against Intel involving Real3d and In House General Counsel Ramirez at SGI had notice of this complaint in the days before the sudden filing by SGI after just emerging from Ch. 11 bankruptcy protection months before and after previously disseminating a rosy financial picture for SGI until my SEC Complaint was filed. What should be remarkable to this Committee and should have been addressed by SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Glenn upon the filing of my Emergency Motion on April 9, 2009 is that SGI paid out huge sums of monies, in the millions, to former Equity partner in Real3d Inc Intel, to Davis Polk Wardell, to a law firm called Ropes & Gray who represents SGI in the SDNY Bankruptcy along with DPW and who interestingly has Video and Digital related Patents in their names and have refused to officially affirm or disaffirm conflicts in the proceedings, and other large payments to the law firm Sullivan and Cromwell who is currently Joined as Co-Counsel with Proskauer in another SDNY District Court case involving the MPEG Patent Pool, creating an incestuous circle of intertwined conflict. I note that my Technologies were under Signed NDA with hundreds of companies including Fortune 1000 companies and major industry players such as Credit Suisse, Deutsche Telekom, Comcast, Warner Brothers, AOL  Time Warner, Sony Digital Pictures, Kodak, Wachovia, AT&T and a host of others and that major wall street interests are impacted by these matters thus rendering the work of any future Task Force of this Committee and the work of the Committee monumental for both its impacts upon the financial markets and fundamental to maintain fair and impartial due process and the fair administration of justice within the NYS Courts and NY Bar.Madoff, Dreier and Allen Stanford Ponzi Links to the Iviewit Affairs with proskauer all aroundAt the heart of the unearthing of several of the largest financial scams in history, Bernard Madoff, Sir Allen Stanford and Marc S. Dreier, again we find the law firm Proskauer and their Iviewit referrals and co-conspirators such as Joao and other defendants in my lawsuit, central figures as indicated in the Crime Chart. Again, perhaps these schemes are the money laundering schemes for the royalties from the stolen technologies, a place to park bribe money like Swiss bank accounts, perhaps including those recently involved in scandal with UBS whereby the names are soon to be released or just to hide the ill gained profits. As you can imagine because my dreams and inventions have become realities for the world in transforming virtually all digital imaging and video applications, placing Multi-Media as a more important component of the digital world now than even the operating system, i.e. Microsofts Windows. Without the ability to play rich multi-media the operating system would have little use. The amount of converted royalties generated from the technologies over the past decade, including invention of wholly new markets, is beyond imagination and had to be laundered somehow; recent scandals may provide the explanation. The Sir Allen Stanford Financial Fraud and Ties to ProskauerThe Stanford Ponzi investigation may be the card that knocks down the house of cards at Proskauer. Uncovering of the $65 Billion Madoff Ponzi led the SEC & FBI to intensify investigations into Stanford; I quote the Times Online for the Committee, Perhaps the most alarming is that Stanford Investment Bank has exposure to losses from the Madoff fraud scheme despite the bank's public assurance to the contrary, said the SEC. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/us_and_americas/article5759709.ece The Wall Street Journal reported that CFO of Stanford Financial Group, James Davis, also involved in the $7 Billion Ponzi, pled Guilty to Federal charges while appearing to implicate counsel Proskauer & Partner Thomas Sjoblom orchestrating a plan to Obstruct SEC & FBI investigations into Stanford & more. Further information reveals blood oaths between regulators and Stanford to conceal the fraud from regulatory agencies and Stanfords possible involvement with the number one MEXICAN DRUG CARTEL with Proskauer dead center and alleged in the crimes and Cover-Up crimes. I have submitted in my Prepared Statement links to the Wall Street Journal and other articles relating to these links for the Committees further review. http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2009/08/28/sjoblom-proskauer-rose-face-fallout-from-stanford-affair/ Ironically, Sjoblom worked for the SEC & now is implicated in FBI & SEC actions, advising client Stanford employees on how to lie to the SEC and further obstructive acts. Huffington Post on Feb 20, 09 claims,Sjoblom, a partner at law firm Proskauer Rose doing work for Stanford's company's Antigua affiliate, told authorities that he disaffirmed everything he had told them to date...Sjoblom spent nearly 20 years at the SEC, & served as an Asst Chief Litigation Counsel in the SEC's Division of Enforcement from 1987-1999.http://www.huffingtonpost.com/charles-h-green/mini-madoff-scandal-scale_b_168486.html The Committee should note the close proximity of dates between the Iviewit inventions and Proskauers acquisition of Sjoblom.The Bernard Madoff Financial Fraud and Ties to ProskauerIf I may read again into the record from Bloomberg on Jan 14, 09, The week after Bernard Madoff was charged with running a $50 billion Ponzi scheme, Proskauer Roseoffered a telephone briefing on the scandal for its wealthy clients. With only a days notice, 1,300 Madoff investors dialed in. This is a financial 9/11 for our clients, said Proskauer litigation partner Gregg MashbergPeople are dying for information. http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601103&sid=aO32KOhrPtRw&refer=us Following the client call, investigations began into major clients involved in Madoff, Proskauer having perhaps the most Madoff clients, many who originally claimed to be victims may now be accomplice.From Fox Business, I quote,SEC OIG delivered a stinging report on Madoff harshly criticizing lax regulators for overlooking the Madoff information from WHISTLEBLOWERS & others inside the SEC, for years. http://www.foxbusiness.com/story/markets/industries/government/report-set-criticize-sec-madoff-scheme/ Proskauer has further ties to Madoff according to TPM, in 2004 an SEC attorney, Genevievette Walker-Lightfoot, notified the SEC of the Ponzi but was forced out of her job, the SEC later settling a claim filed by Lightfoot. Upon termination, Lightfoot turned over the Madoff file to Jacqueline Wood who then presumably buried the report that could have exposed the Ponzi in 04. The SEC OIGs 477 page report mentions Wood of Proskauer throughout the entire report as a key figure in the regulatory failures, along with possible collusion of Madoff family members who married into the SEC. http://www.sec.gov/news/studies/2009/oig-509.pdf TPM reports that after leaving the SEC, Wood took a Proskauer Partnership and I submit linkage for this Committees review in my Prepared Statement @ TPM @ http://tpmcafe.talkingpointsmemo.com/talk/blogs/mrs_panstreppon/2009/07/bernie-madoff-sec-investigator.php?ref=reccafe .According to Memphis Daily News, Laura Pendergest-Holt ( Wood ), Stanfords CIO, criminally charged in the Stanford investigation, then filed a civil suit against Proskauer & Sjoblom claiming they hung her out to dry before the SEC. Meanwhile, Sjoblom solicited a multi-million dollar retainer from now arrested Stanford Chairman, Allen Stanford, the night before the events with Holt took place at the SEC. http://www.memphisdailynews.com/editorial/Article.aspx?id=41707 The Wall Street Journal reports filing of a Class Action suit against Sjoblom & Proskauer in TX after Davis incriminating plea agreement implicating Proskauer, the Class Action seeking damages for the entire $7 Billion under TX Law in damages for Proskauers role Aiding & Abetting the Stanford Ponzi, I quote the Wall Street Journal Legal Blog by Amir Efrati, The suit, filed in federal court in Dallas, says Sjoblom and Proskauer are liable for $7 billion in damages for aiding and abetting Stanfords alleged fraudThe civil suit is largely based on a plea agreement that we mentioned in this post yesterday, which focuses in part on the alleged actions of Sjoblom, who became outside counsel for Stanfords international bank based in Antigua in the Caribbean starting in 2005.http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2009/08/28/sjoblom-proskauer-rose-face-fallout-from-stanford-affair/ The Marc S. Dreier Financial Fraud and Ties to the Proskauer Law FirmAnother defendant in the Iviewit Lawsuit, convicted felon Marc S. Dreier, found orchestrating yet another bizarre Ponzi and in the Dreier scheme, we find yet again another former Proskauer Partner, Sheila M. Gowan, now acting as bankruptcy trustee in the suit as reported by the Wall Street Journal, attached to my Prepared Statement. http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2009/01/02/former-ausa-selected-as-bankruptcy-trustee-in-dreier-case. As already mentioned herein, Raymond Joao, the rival to Edison with patent applications dated in 1900, perhaps even claiming he invented electricity prior to Edison, then left Meltzer to Dreier, impersonating me as the inventor of my technologies. It is fitting to note, or joke, here that Dreier was also caught in his scheme using fake and fraudulent names and representations of himself fraudulently impersonating others while trying to Launder stolen money into Canada. It is known that during that time Joao made several deals and sales regarding inventions in his name, although details remain sketchy and under investigation.Notice of Conflict Filings at the US Second Circuit Court of Appeals I Notice this committee that currently pending at the US Second Circuit Court of Appeals is a Motion to Compel[http://Iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090908%20FINAL%20Emergency%20Motion%20to%20Compel%20SIGNED44948.pdf]that court to Adhere to the Judicial Cannons, Attorney Conduct Codes, Public Rules and Regulations and Law regarding regulating the MASSIVE conflicts existing in that court in violation of their own rules in my Lawsuit. The Motion outlines multiple layers of Conflicts and Mass of Violations described herein and in the Motion, which I incorporate by reference in its entirety herein. Conflicts, which despite repeated formal conflict disclosure requests, a fundamental requirement to insure due process, similar to the one attached in the Prepared Statement for the Senate Judiciary Committee Members to sign herein, have not been addressed or resolved by Members of the Bar or Courts who are regulated by the First Department and others to provide full disclosure upon request of any and all conflicts, in order to avoid the Appearance of Impropriety.In fact, I have made a citizens arrest of the court members of the US District Court and the US Court of Appeals in the Motion to Compel, as the conflicts act to block due process through creating a wall of Obstruction to Justice and where Obstruction is a Title 18 Federal Offense and also State Laws also make such activities illegal. Anderson providing irrefutable supporting evidence that such criminal acts were taking place in the First Department, I submit to the Committee a recent statement from Christine Anderson and I will read into the record this most riveting statement:Christine C. AndersonAttorney at Law227 Riverside Drive, Ste. 2NNew York, New York 10025September 13, 2009 (via Confirmed Overnight Delivery)The Hon. Eric H. Holder, Jr.Attorney General of the United StatesOffice of the Attorney GeneralUnited States Department of Justice950 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.Washington, D.C. 20530-0001 The Hon. Preet BhararaUnited States Attorney for the Southern District of New YorkUnited States Department of JusticeOne St. Andrews PlazaNew York, New York 10007Hon. William M. Welch IIChief, Public Integrity UnitUnited States Department of Justice950 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.Washington, D.C. 20530-0001The Hon. John L. Sampson,ChairmanNew York State Senate Judiciary Committee409 Legislative Office BuildingAlbany, NY 12247Re: Request for Federal Investigation Into Allegations of Corruption and Witness Intimidation and Appointment of Federal MonitorGentlemen:My name is Christine C. Anderson. For six and one-half years, I was a Principal Attorney of the New York State Appellate Division, First Departments Departmental Disciplinary Committee (the DDC). The DDC is responsible for investigating and disciplining attorneys found guilty of misconduct in representing the public in the Bronx and Manhattan. After discovering and reporting of acts of misconduct and corruption at the DDC, which acts constituted an abuse of power and a fraud upon the public, my employment was summarily terminated in June, 2007.Prior to my employment with the DDC, I was in private practice for over twenty years. Before that, I worked for the Human Resources Administration of New York City. In other words, I am a thoroughly seasoned attorney, with a broad based knowledge of general practice. As a result of my wrongful termination in retaliation for my reporting misconduct in violation of my First Amendment rights, I instituted a lawsuit captioned Anderson v. State of New York, et al., 07 Civ. 9599 (S.D.N.Y. 2007). (A copy of my complaint in this action is attached hereto as Exhibit A.) Specifically, I discovered and reported that employees of the DDC had engaged in, inter alia, the whitewashing [of] complaints of misconduct leveled against certain select attorneys and law firms. This whitewashing sometimes involved burying cases or destroying evidence, so that certain complaints were inevitably, unavoidably, dismissed. I witnessed this destruction of evidence myself. Other reported misconduct involves victimizing attorneys lacking privileged positions or connections. Although the then Chief Counsel of the DDC, Thomas Cahill, stepped down in 2007, evidence clearly establishes that under the leadership of Alan Friedberg, the current Chief Counsel, the same practice of corruption and whitewashing of complaints continues. Such practice robs the public of any hope at justice; it also works to the detriment of the very public the DDC is duty-bound to serve. During the course of my litigation against the DDC, a former colleague of mine, who still works as a Principal Attorney at the DDC, agreed to testify on my behalf at a deposition. This former colleague, Nicole Corrado, has been employed by the DDC for approximately eight years, prior to which she worked as a prosecutor for New York State. On the morning of her deposition, however, while en route to her deposition, Ms. Corrado was approached on the street by a supervisor at the DDC, who threatened and intimidated her with respect to her upcoming deposition testimony. Although terribly shaken, Ms. Corrado nonetheless sat for her deposition and testified truthfully. Following her deposition, however, Ms. Corrado has been subjected to further harassment and intimidation at the hands of the DDC. She has been forced to take a leave of absence as a result.On June 8, 2009, I testified at a hearing convened by John L. Sampson, New York State Senator and Chairman of the New York State Standing Committee On The Judiciary. (A copy of my affidavit submitted to the Committee is attached hereto as Exhibit B.) At that hearing, several witnesses testified as to their shocking experiences with the grievance and judiciary committees in New York State. Shockingly, within days of my testimony, in my lawsuit, my sealed medical and psychiatric records were filed and posted publicly on the courts Internet filing system by counsel for the defendants  i.e., the New York State Attorney Generals Office. I regard those actions as horrifically unethical and malicious, and taken in deliberate retaliation for my testifying at the Senate hearing.The detailed testimony presented by innumerable witnesses at the June 8th Senate hearing reveals the manifold reports of corruption and abuse by the States Disciplinary Committees. (A copy of the transcript of this hearing is attached hereto as Exhibit C.) Charges included concealment of evidence, obstruction of justice, extortionate sexual threats by attorneys, pilfering of estates by attorneys, abuse of power, fraud, conspiracy and repeated violations of state and federal constitutional rights.In light of the foregoing, it is plain that the enduring practice of allowing attorneys in this state to police themselves is fundamentally flawed. With the numerous reports of abuse by both attorneys and state officials, the corruption in the court system has reached a critical stage. Accordingly, I respectfully request that you authorize the appointment of a Special Prosecutor to investigate the epidemic of honest services fraud in the New York state court system, and the appointment of a Federal Monitor, to oversee the lawful operation of the same. Thank you for your time and attention. I look forward to your response.Very truly yours,Christine C. Andersoncc w/o enc:The Hon. David A. PatersonNew York State GovernorOffice of the Governor of New York StateState CapitolAlbany, New York 12224The Hon. Boyd M. Johnson IIIDeputy United States Attorney for theSouthern District of New YorkPublic Corruption UnitUnited States Department of JusticeOne St. Andrews PlazaNew York, New York 10007The Hon. Loretta A. PreskaChief U.S. District JudgeUnited States CourthouseSouthern District of New York500 Pearl StreetNew York, New York 10007-1312The Hon. Andrew M. CuomoNew York State Attorney GeneralOffice of the Attorney General of New York StateThe CapitolAlbany, New York 12224-0341The Hon. Luis A. GonzalezPresiding Justice, New York State Appellate Division,1st Department27 Madison AvenueNew York, New York 10010The Hon. Joseph M. Demarest, Jr.Assistant Director in Charge, New York Division26 Federal Plaza, 23rd FloorNew York, New York 10278-0004The Committee should take URGENT notice of the following information exposed by the Internet Legal Site, Expose Corrupt Courts, in relation to Andersons claims perhaps of Targeting Federal Witnesses for Harassment, I again quote and read into the record @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2008/11/breaking-news.html :FBI Probes Threats on Federal Witnesses in NY Ethics ScandalNew York, New York, November 21, 2008- Sources have confirmed that Federal Agents in New York and Washington, D.C. are actively investigating complaints of witness tampering in the New York State Ethics Scandal pending in the federal District Court in Manhattan.Legal Authority: Pay to PlayThe latest probe began in July of 2008 when numerous individuals went to federal authorities with various accounts of illegal payoffs to New York State employees at the Departmental Disciplinary Committee (DDC) at 61 Broadway in lower Manhattan. The DDC investigates ethics complaints against attorneys in Manhattan and The Bronx, and has been long believed to be a corrupt, political vendetta machine.One cooperating attorney is quoted as saying, I did not have to worry about any ethics complaints because I always paid my insurance premiums to the DDC. Everyone knew what was going on.Witness Tampering: Threats on a Federal Witness Federal Agents from two different offices sprung into high gear after the summer when a DDC supervising attorney threatened another state-employed DDC attorney under his direction. The DDC staff attorney was apparently confronted days before his sworn testimony was to begin in the ethics probe, and the intended message was made perfectly clear, says the source, adding, You have a very serious situation requiring immediate involvement by federal authorities anytime someone confronts a federal witness and warns that a death may result from testimony.New York Norm: Obstruction of JusticeThe allegations, and initial findings, were serious enough for investigators from New York State to forward the troubling reports to federal agencies. Attorney General Andrew Cuomo was initially apprised of the witness tampering allegations and he has been tracking the various federal inquiries since. And it has been confirmed that Appellate Division, First Department, Presiding Justice Jonathan Lippman ordered that the involved DDC supervising attorney be immediately transferred to his courthouse at 27 Madison Avenue from the DDC offices on Broadway where the threatened attorney works. Another court insider believes its just another OCA cover-up, adding, no one in the First Department - or anywhere in the State - wants an ethics committee supervising attorney spilling the beans to a crowd of FBI agents.Recently appointed DDC chairman, Roy Reardon, according to sources, has been involved in DDC affairs on an almost daily basis, and he has acknowledged the seriousness of the physical threats and psychiatric issues involved. To his credit, says the source, Roy Reardon took immediate action after he confirmed that he was staring at witness tampering by one of his DDC supervising attorneys. It was Roy who first suggested the transfer.It has been long rumored that virtually any ethics complaint, no matter how serious or criminal, could be made to disappear for favored attorneys. The feds are now beginning to understand that a favored attorney in New York doesnt just involve political connections. A New York favored attorney is one who pays, says one attorney who has practiced in the federal court system for over thirty years, and who asked not to be identified.It is believed that the underlying federal action is Anderson v. State of New York (SDNY), though there are other ethics cases pending, and some before the 2nd Circuit - all involving charges of corruption at the DDC. Win at all Costs and No Regard for Laws or Ethics Hits National AgendaThe latest allegations coincide with the obstruction of justice case in the Eastern District Court in Brooklyn against defense attorney Robert Simels and his associate Arienne Irving, who each face up to 10 years in prison for allegedly seeking to use bribes and violence to prevent witnesses from testifying against one of their clients.Tamanny Hall II  New York Courts Cesspool Seeps to Washington, D.C.In November of 2008, the U.S. Supreme Court decided to hear Caperton v. A.T. Massey Coal, a case that centers on state level ethics and judges beholden to financial supporters. The Brennan Center and other advocacy groups have called the issues egregious, matters that raise underlying questions about due process on a national level.See, The Unethical Ethics Committee @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2007/11/unethical-ethics-committee-sealed.html See, Background story on New York-Style Ethics, Sex Scandal at Attorney Committee on Character and Fitness@http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2007/06/sex-scandal-at-attorney-committee-on.html OFFICIAL NOTICE TO THIS COMMITTEE: THE STATE OF NEW YORK and OTHER LIABLE NEW YORK GOVERNMENT AGENCIES that are named Defendants in my Lawsuit, Face a Twelve Trillion Dollar Plus Liability that may not be reported properly in the Liability Section of their financials with State Regulators causing further Direct Liabilities to NY State and the People of NY, dwarfing the size of Madoff, Stanford and Dreier combined by thousands fold.Other Federal Offices have been notified and are involved and actively investigating the claims, including Inspector General Glenn Fine of USDOJ; the Office of Professional Responsibility ( OPR ) of the FBI, the Office of Enrollment & Discipline ( OED ) of the US Patent Office, the Commissioner of the USPTO, the SBA Inspector General, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration and more. Suggested Actions and Recommendations: I want to again thank this Committee that has so graciously invited me to speak today at this Judiciary Committee Hearing, the importance of ridding the New York Courts of a Criminal Enterprise Cloaked as Law Firms, infiltrating Disciplinary Departments, State Bar Agencies, the Courts and more is at the heart of this Committees function when self-regulation is broken and/or non-existent as appears the current case. Lawmakers acting as Lawbreakers can commit virtually any crime, trained as attorneys in virtually all of these complex crimes, they know how to beat the system, learned from the criminals they represent and therefore these crimes committed by our trusted Public Officials, Lawyers, Law Firms and Regulators are the most insipid crimes against the People, crimes that prey on the public trust and in the end can cause more damage than any simple criminal or even criminal enterprise. Unlike typical criminals their legal degrees can also be used to block due process if they are caught in their crimes, in a number of ways this Committee must SHUT DOWN. This whole debacle reminds me of my Chicago childhood and Operation Greylord[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Greylord and http://www.fbi.gov/page2/march04/greylord031504.htm] in Chicago which exposed a similar corruption for drug profits and more that used the courts, members of the courts, politicians and law enforcement to effectuate crimes committed by a criminal organization that infiltrated deep within Illinois government and victimized thousands of Chicagos citizens. The sting operation brought down some of Illinois most powerful and respected individuals, I quote Wikipedia, Ninety-two people were indicted, including 17 judges, 48 lawyers, ten deputy sheriffs, eight policemen, eight court officials, and a member of the Illinois Legislature. Operation Greylord was named after the wigs worn by judges in Britain. This type of Federal Operation is what the Feds ( why Anderson and others have demanded a Federal Monitor for the New York Courts ) must do now in order to restore order, many in New York comparing the current Corruption to Tammany Hall[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tammany_Hall]under William M. Boss Tweed. The Committee has asked those testifying to make representations to this Committee on how to change the corruption we see and I have several critical suggestions that could solve the problem overnight.1. Immediately disband and destroy the Commission on Judicial Conduct and Disciplinary Committees in the 4 Appellate Division Departments as currently designed. 2. Then make all violations of Judicial Cannons, Attorney Conduct Codes and Public Office Rules and Regulations simply violations of law. Either Felony or Misdemeanor depending on the severity of the violation committed.3. Then have the allegations investigated publically, like any other person who is accused of a crime, as no one is above the law or deserved of special treatment under our Constitution and through the courts they will be either tried and convicted or vindicated of their alleged crimes. Justices and Attorney should be no different than any other person, as it is THEIR MOTTO that no one is above the law, thus why create these codes outside of the law.4. Then get some Pipe Hitting Prosecutors specialized in law enforcement for violations of law committed by Judges, Lawyers, Law Firms and Public Servants, prosecutors who perhaps hate lawyers from messy divorces or the likes, to prosecute them through well established law and the rules regulating their profession. No special committees of lawyers regulating or reviewing lawyers, etc. Simply then turn the state bar associations into drinking establishments, which it appears they already are for corrupt lawyers.5. Then triple the sentences imposed for those convicted, as they were crimes against the public trust. Violations of public trust are the most insipid and devastating crimes often affecting thousands of people before the corruption is discovered. Just look at the public office corruption recently involving lawyers. First, we have lawyers that committed alleged War Crimes by creating torture memos who will most likely stand for War Crime Tribunals eventually. Then we have lawyers that have been involved in the regulatory agencies failures that were supposed to be protecting the financial markets, where we find regulators have been looking the other way while the crimes occurred that bankrupted our nation and then taking law firm jobs even when leaving in the midst of scandals they are involved in. Behind every Madoff, behind every bad derivative and financial scheme that sunk our country and the future of our children in outrageous debt, are lawyers. As Shakespeare once claimed, albeit it is out of context yet fitting for these circumstances, The first thing we do, lets kill all the lawyers in King Henry VI- Part 2, Act IV, Scene II. This too will set good example for future lawyers thinking of committing crimes against the Public Trust as if they were above the law, when really just living in delusions of grandeur for the moment. If the verdict is hangem high outside the court, hang them thrice. Nooses free @ www.iviewit.tv .6. This Committee should instantly Join in actions seeking a Federal Monitor and Federal Special Prosecutor or State Special Prosecutor.7. Change the nature of Disciplinary Hearings to Compel Judges and Disciplinary Committee members to Testify; Refer disciplinary matters to Assembly Committees for Impeachment proceedings.8. Continue legislative hearings seeking solutions but immediately change the current system of attorneys regulating attorney, to non-attorney investigators prosecuting the allegations. 9. Determine if NYS Comptroller and Courts are aware of and have Booked and Disclosed the Liabilities of ALL of the Lawsuits related to Anderson and Notified Liability Carriers or any/all parties that may have liabilities; I thank you for your time and consideration in this matter and please do not hesitate to contact me in the future.  Respectfully Yours,  ______________________________ Eliot Ivan BernsteinFounder and InventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DL Uview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tv www.iviewit.tv http://iviewit.tv/wordpress http://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliot Exhibits & LinkageBelow are hyperlinks for specific documents referenced and incorporated by reference in entirety herein. The Numbers above the links, if any, correspond to the Iviewit Homepage Section of Evidentiary Links where the documents can be found numbered too if you are unable to click through the document. As some of these documents are chalk full of evidence, witness statements, depositions, graphics, etc. some are several thousand pages long so Patience is Still a Virtue until computers attain brain speed.Federal Patent Bar and US Patent Office Complaints3502004 03 04 - 09 630 939 - 2004 03 04 United States Patent & Trademark Commissioner approval of request for suspension while investigations are pending into Iviewit claims that their attorneys committed both fraud on the USPTO and fraud on Iviewit. Patents remain in limbo.3432004 02 11 - 09 587 026 Filing with the United States Patent & Trademark Office claiming that per the direction of Harry I. Moatz, Director of the Office of Enrollment & Discipline, Iviewit & Crossbow Ventures were seeking the Commissioner of Patents to suspend the Iviewit patents based on evidence of Fraud on the United States Patent & Trademark Office by Iviewit former Intellectual Property attorneys, Kenneth Rubenstein, Proskauer Rose LLP, Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel, Raymond Anthony Joao, Foley & Lardner, William J. Dick, Douglas Boehm, Steven Becker, Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman, Thomas Coester, Norman Zafman, Farzahd Ahmini, Christopher & Weisberg PA, Krishna Narine, Andrew Barroway, Schiffrin & Barroway and others. This led to the Commissioner of Patents suspending certain of the Iviewit patent applications into an infinite black hole. The form also included inventor change forms which have gone wholly unresolved while patents are in black hole at the United States Patent & Trademark Office.State Disciplinary Complaints, Bar Complaints & MoreNew York First DepartmentSteven C. Krane  Proskauer Partner, Multiple First Department Roles and Former President of the New York State Bar Association4602004 08 11 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Orders the complaints against Kenneth Rubenstein, Proskauer, Raymond Joao, Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel and Steven C. Krane to be moved for immediate investigation due to the appearance of impropriety and conflicts. The case was then transferred to the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department where further conflicts with Krane were discovered that derailed the investigation and caused a flurry of further complaints against the Second Department members.4662004 09 07 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Thomas Cahills cover letter transferring the complaints of Steven C. Krane, Proskauer, Kenneth Rubenstein, Raymond Joao & Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel due to the unanimous decision by five justices of the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department. Very interesting that Cahill handles this as he is part of an ongoing investigation for his part in the crimes at the court and thus acts in conflict and violation of his public office. What is damning is that Cahill tries to impart to the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department that they are do as they please with the cases, which is not what the justices ordered, they ordered IMMEDIATE INVESTIGATION, yet Cahill tries to help himself and his buddies out of the mess again.4332004 07 12 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Thomas Cahills Motion to move the complaints of Steven C. Krane and Proskauer, note this comes after Cahill has a filed complaint against him, making this further reason for another complaint against him.4472004 07 28 Cahill to move Krane.4302004 07 08 Iviewit Motion to the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department regarding the conflicts and violations of public offices of Kenneth Rubenstein, Proskauer Rose, Steven C. Krane, Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel and Raymond A. Joao and requesting immediate investigation and to move the complaints.3842004 05 19 Complaint filed against Steven C. Krane and Proskauer Rose LLP at the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee to strike the conflicted response of Krane who violated his public office positions in representing his firm and partner Kenneth Rubenstein in their bar complaints. 3912004 05 21 Steven C. Krane of Proskauer Rose response to the complaint filed against him and requesting that his responses be stricken from the Rubenstein complaint. Krane fails to disclose his roles at both the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee and The New York State Bar which both preclude him from handling complaints against his firm and partner, especially where he has personal and professional interests. The infamous Krane suicide note.3942004 05 24 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee letter to strike the responses of Steven C. Krane of Proskaeur Rose for conflicts of interest and violations of public offices.3952004 05 25 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee letter to strike the responses of Steven C. Krane of Proskaeur Rose for conflicts of interest and violations of public officesSupreme Court Strike Response of Steven Krane for Conflict of Interest & Violation of Public Offices.3962004 05 26 - Iviewit response to Steven C. Krane letter dated May 21, 2004 asking the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Thomas Cahill to strike all Krane responses and pointing out his roles at the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee and NYSBA and other ethics departments that all made his representations violations of his public offices. 3972004 05 26 Biography of Steven C. Krane showing conflicting roles at Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, the NYSBA and other ethics departments that would have precluded him from representing his Proskauer partner Rubenstein, his firm Proskauer and himself.3982004 05 26 - Iviewit response to Steven C. Krane letter dated May 21, 2004 asking the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Thomas Cahill to strike all Krane responses and pointing out his roles at the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee and NYSBA and other ethics departments that all made his representations violations of his public offices. 4072004 06 17 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Thomas Cahills Motion to move the complaints of Steven C. Krane, Proskauer and Kenneth Rubenstein for what he claims to avoid the appearance of impropriety when in fact he knew that Krane had violated his public office. Iviewit had contacted Catherine OHagan Wolfe of the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department who informed Iviewit that despite Cahills initial denial that Krane had any roles with the department, that she was having a meeting with both Cahill and Krane on a Committee at the department. Holy cow Batman, their busted. Cahill writes this biased letter after learning that a complaint was filed against him and it is wholly misleading of the facts.5432005 03 27 Steven Krane NYSBA Positions.5442005 04 05 Krane ties to Bush.5572005 08 14 Steven C. Krane at Proskauer is counsel for the New York State Bar Association.752New York Bar Association STRIKE RUBENSTEIN RESPONSE - COMPLAINT AGAINST KRANE.Kenneth Rubenstein  Proskauer and Meltzer Partner and MPEGLA Counsel4602004 08 11 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Orders the complaints against Kenneth Rubenstein, Proskauer, Raymond Joao, Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel and Steven C. Krane to be moved for immediate investigation due to the appearance of impropriety and conflicts. The case was then transferred to the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department where further conflicts with Krane were discovered that derailed the investigation and caused a flurry of further complaints against the Second Department members.4662004 09 07 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Thomas Cahills cover letter transferring the complaints of Steven C. Krane, Proskauer, Kenneth Rubenstein, Raymond Joao & Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel due to the unanimous decision by five justices of the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department. Very interesting that Cahill handles this as he is part of an ongoing investigation for his part in the crimes at the court and thus acts in conflict and violation of his public office. What is damning is that Cahill tries to impart to the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department that they are do as they please with the cases, which is not what the justices ordered, they ordered IMMEDIATE INVESTIGATION, yet Cahill tries to help himself and his buddies out of the mess again.4332004 07 12 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Thomas Cahills Motion to move the complaints of Steven C. Krane and Proskauer, note this comes after Cahill has a filed complaint against him, making this further reason for another complaint against him.4472004 07 28 Cahill to move Krane.4302004 07 08 Iviewit Motion to the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department regarding the conflicts and violations of public offices of Kenneth Rubenstein, Proskauer Rose, Steven C. Krane, Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel and Raymond A. Joao and requesting immediate investigation and to move the complaints.2472003 07 02 Iviewit Rebuttal to Kenneth Rubensteins response to the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee. Final 2200+ Pages ALL2442003 06 13 Kenneth Rubenstein affidavit to his deposition, where he writes in his answers without precedence, rhythm or reason. Judge Jorge Labarga orders Rubenstein to return to deposition and answer the questions he refused the first time after walking out of his deposition. Remember this is his deposition in his firms law suit. 2782003 09 02 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee letter that was lost for months regarding holding off investigation of Kenneth Rubenstein, Proskauer Rose, Raymond Joao and Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel. 2252003 04 11 - Kenneth Rubenstein and Proskauers response to the bar complaint filed at the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee authored by Proskauer Rose attorney Steven C. Krane, who acted in conflict of interest and violation of public offices with the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee and also in violation of his role as former President of the NY Bar Association precluding him from handling any bar complaints within a one year blackout and where he had personal and professional interests he also violated his ethics. This sucks for like the guy who parades around as being an ethics leader, saddest day in the life of Socrates, rollin in his grave.2152003 02 26 Original attorney misconduct complaint against Proskauer and Kenneth Rubenstein filed at the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee.2162003 02 26 Original Rubenstein Bar Action5172004 12 24 Steven C. Krane of Proskauer Rose, after being implicated for conflicts and violations of his Supreme Court and other public office positions violations starts working on a new biography of himself cutting what is implicating from his past as if it would disappear from his cover up. This is as funny as the picture of Krane at the Proskauer website where he replaces the picture where he weighs about 500 pounds with one from years earlier before he engorged himself in greed. You can run but you cannot hide Mr. Unethical.Raymond Anthony Joao  Misrepresented Proskauer Partner and Convicted Felon Marc Dreier Partner4602004 08 11 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Orders the complaints against Kenneth Rubenstein, Proskauer, Raymond Joao, Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel and Steven C. Krane to be moved for immediate investigation due to the appearance of impropriety and conflicts. The case was then transferred to the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department where further conflicts with Krane were discovered that derailed the investigation and caused a flurry of further complaints against the Second Department members.4662004 09 07 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Thomas Cahills cover letter transferring the complaints of Steven C. Krane, Proskauer, Kenneth Rubenstein, Raymond Joao & Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel due to the unanimous decision by five justices of the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department. Very interesting that Cahill handles this as he is part of an ongoing investigation for his part in the crimes at the court and thus acts in conflict and violation of his public office. What is damning is that Cahill tries to impart to the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department that they are do as they please with the cases, which is not what the justices ordered, they ordered IMMEDIATE INVESTIGATION, yet Cahill tries to help himself and his buddies out of the mess again.4332004 07 12 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Thomas Cahills Motion to move the complaints of Steven C. Krane and Proskauer, note this comes after Cahill has a filed complaint against him, making this further reason for another complaint against him.4472004 07 28 Cahill to move Krane.4302004 07 08 Iviewit Motion to the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department regarding the conflicts and violations of public offices of Kenneth Rubenstein, Proskauer Rose, Steven C. Krane, Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel and Raymond A. Joao and requesting immediate investigation and to move the complaints.2382003 05 26 Iviewit Rebuttal to Raymond Joao attorney misconduct complaint. 1753 Pages BOOKMARKED2272003 04 16 Supreme Court of New York First Department Disciplinary Committee regarding reply to Raymond Joao complaint.2792003 09 02 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee response regarding Raymond Joao, Proskauer Rose, Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel and Kenneth Rubenstein bar complaints which comes way late as it was lost in the mail. The document is probably fraudulent and tries to dismiss the complaints as a civil matter, although they ignore the state, federal and international crimes against the government and foreign nations exposed in the complaints.2232003 04 08 Raymond Joaos response to the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee. Joao actually tries to accuse Iviewit of stealing his inventions. Coocoo.2142003 02 25 Raymond Joao 9th district original attorney misconduct complaint - somehow gets transferred to the wrong district, the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee for prosecution with the Proskauer attorney misconduct complaints, although Joao is registered elsewhere.Joao 1900 Patent or 2020 Patent?http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/PATENT%20APP%20DATED%20in%201900%20and%202020.pdfThomas Cahill  Former Chief Counsel of the Disciplinary Committee, Appellate Division, First Department6062007 08 05 NEWS ARTICLE Expose Corrupt Courts article regarding Thomas J. Cahill of the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee involved in whitewashing complaints.4872004 10 18 Iviewit letter to Martin Gold and Paul Curran to move the complaint of Thomas J. Cahill from the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee to a non conflicted third party, based on the Court Order for investigation of Kenneth Rubenstein, Proskauer Rose, Steven C. Krane and Raymond Joao due to conflicts and the appearance of impropriety.4602004 08 11 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Orders the complaints against Kenneth Rubenstein, Proskauer, Raymond Joao, Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel and Steven C. Krane to be moved for immediate investigation due to the appearance of impropriety and conflicts. The case was then transferred to the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department where further conflicts with Krane were discovered that derailed the investigation and caused a flurry of further complaints against the Second Department members.4662004 09 07 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Thomas Cahills cover letter transferring the complaints of Steven C. Krane, Proskauer, Kenneth Rubenstein, Raymond Joao & Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel due to the unanimous decision by five justices of the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department. Very interesting that Cahill handles this as he is part of an ongoing investigation for his part in the crimes at the court and thus acts in conflict and violation of his public office. What is damning is that Cahill tries to impart to the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department that they are do as they please with the cases, which is not what the justices ordered, they ordered IMMEDIATE INVESTIGATION, yet Cahill tries to help himself and his buddies out of the mess again.4332004 07 12 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Thomas Cahills Motion to move the complaints of Steven C. Krane and Proskauer, note this comes after Cahill has a filed complaint against him, making this further reason for another complaint against him.4472004 07 28 Cahill to move Krane.4302004 07 08 Iviewit Motion to the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department regarding the conflicts and violations of public offices of Kenneth Rubenstein, Proskauer Rose, Steven C. Krane, Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel and Raymond A. Joao and requesting immediate investigation and to move the complaints.3252004 01 09 - Response to Thomas J. Cahill, Chief Counsel, New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee regarding the attorney misconduct complaint against Proskauer Rose, Kenneth Rubenstein, Raymond Joao and Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel being delayed due to a lost letter he supposedly had sent. This is right before Iviewit learns that the attorney for Proskauer is a Proskauer partner, in the IP department no less, who just happens to be a member of the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee. 4082004 06 23 - Paul J. Curran, Chairman of the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee moving the complaint filed against Thomas J. Cahill for investigation according to department rules. A complaint was filed against Thomas J. Cahill for his involvement with lying about Steven C. Kranes conflicts and violations of public offices.4092004 06 23 Iviewit faxs the disciplinary complaint filed against Thomas J. Cahill to Paul J. Curran for investigation.4102004 06 23 Cahill Petition.4292004 07 08 Iviewit Motion to the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department regarding the Cahill complaint.6072007 08 08 Cahill problems in New York 1.xpsAlan W. Friedberg Esq. ~ Chief Counsel of the Disciplinary Committee, Appellate Division, First DepartmentRoy L. Reardon ~ Chairman of the Disciplinary Committee, Appellate Division, First Department and a Special Master in the Appellate Division, First DepartmentSecond Department Disciplinary Committee & Second Department ComplaintsDiana Maxfield Kearse, James Pelzer, Lawrence DiGiovanna & A. Gail Prudenti5462005 04 20 Response to 2005 04 09 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department, Clerk, James E. Pelzer, letter. Very interesting reading into how due process was denied and how court ordered investigations were derailed. 5452005 04 09 New York Supreme Second Dept Pelzer Letter Krane comments2005 04 09 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department, Clerk, James E. Pelzer, letter whereby Pelzer, who is not an actor in the disciplinary, now attempts to claim that A. Gail Prudenti had decided to blow off the investigations, which he tries to now claim were completed, although all prior information states no investigation was done in lieu of being dismissed on review, inapposite the First Department court order stating immediate investigation was to be done. He attempts to defend Krane, showing his obvious bias, instead of relying on the supposed investigations conclusions where we are sure Krane had a lawyer representing his interests. This attempts to conclude based on a dismissal on review that Krane was not conflicted using department letterhead to deny due process and form a defense for Krane. Pelzer nor Prudenti are part of the disciplinary process and are conflicted with Krane and Kaye and what is amazing is that they should be responding to the First Department court that ordered the investigation, not Eliot Bernstein and Stephen Lamont. This is very telling.4742004 10 05 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Diana Maxfield Kearse trying to get Steven C. Krane, Proskauer, Kenneth Rubenstein and Raymond Joao out of the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Court ORDER for immediate investigation by claiming she reviewed and found no evidence of misconduct. This decision despite that she was ordered to investigate by five justice who reviewed the materials and found reason to Order investigations. No of the accused had to put a defense up, no witnesses were contacted, no evidence tested and then Kearse admits that she is conflicted with Krane but refuses to answer questions regarding her conflict and tells Iviewit to put any request for that information in writing. Kearse is charged with a complaint for her undisclosed conflicts after she fails to respond to the written request for disclosure of her conflicts with both Krane and Judge Judith Kaye.4962004 10 26 Iviewit letter response to Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Diana Maxfield Kearse, rebutting her decision in spite of the Court Order for investigation, to dismiss the complaints against Kenneth Rubenstein, Proskauer Rose, Steven C. Krane, Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel and Raymond Joao on review, not investigation. The letter also asks Kearse to disclose the conflicts she had with Krane and Judge Judith Kaye in writing as she requested. 5012004 11 09 - Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chief Counsel, Diana Maxfield Kearse, stating that a committee member would review if the complaints ordered for investigation by the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department justices would be reopened for investigation, note no investigation was ever done but later as they get deeper in their bs, they try to state that the review was an investigation and thus they complied with the First Department order.5142004 12 20 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chairman, Lawrence DiGiovannas review of Kearse decision and siding with her decision to not investigate and dismiss based on review, despite the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department court Order to investigate, not review. For his part in obfuscating justice a complaint is filed against both Kearse and DiGiovanna which both go undocketed and procedurally are derailed by Kearse who even handles the complaint against herself???5182005 01 10 Iviewit letter response to 2004 12 20 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department Departmental Disciplinary Committees, Chairman, Lawrence DiGiovannas review of Kearse decision to not investigate inapposite of the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department order to investigate and other issues regarding conflicts with Steven C. Krane and Chief Judge Judith Kaye.5312005 02 23 Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department, Clerk, James E. Pelzer letter stating he is taking the matter of the decisions to review by Diana Maxfield Kearse, Chief Counsel of the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee and Lawrence DiGiovanna, Chairman of the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, instead of investigating as ordered by the First Department justices to the Presiding Justice of the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department, A. Gail Prudenti, for a decision.5372005 03 11 Iviewit letter to Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department, Clerk, James E. Pelzer regarding conflicts of interest found with State of New York Court of Appeals, Chief Judge of the State of New York, Judith S. Kaye and Steven C. Krane and asking that any new investigators sign that they have no conflicts with any of the Iviewit accused to prevent further conflicts which force further complaints.5422005 03 18 Diana Maxfield Kearse, Chief Counsel of the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee sends a letter stating that they had lost a letter and it was mysteriously returned by the post office. The letter attempts to claim an investigation was done by a Committee in hopes that the fact that she reviewed the matter and dismissed it on review was now moot somehow. What fails to be noted is the fact that this was an investigation that none of the accused had to respond to, no witnesses provided were interviewed, no documents were examined. This document serves for further charges against Kearse for even attempting to use the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division Second Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee letterhead to continue the cover up for the accused. The document appears to be evidence of mail fraud as well.Florida Bar Complaints for ConflictsChristopher Clarke Wheeler233 2003 05 23 Christopher Wheeler Admits Perjury and False Statements made to The Florida Bar in his response. Of course Triggs, acting in conflict and violation of public office makes the perjurious statement a footnote.228 2003 04 30 Eliot Bernstein / Iviewit response to Christopher Wheeler Florida Bar Complaint BOOKMARKED. Wheelers response it is later learned was tendered by his partner Matthew Triggs who was prohibited from representing any bar complaints due to his official position with the Florida Bar2302003 04 30 P. Stephen Lamont Rebuttal to Christopher Wheelers response to the Florida Bar complaint filed against him. BOOKMARKED2212003 04 07 - Christopher Wheeler and Proskauers response to the bar complaint which is tendered by Matthew Triggs of Proskauer who acted in violation of his public office with the Florida Supreme Court agency The Florida Bar.2352003 05 23 Christopher Wheeler Response to Florida Bar Rebuttal 2, tendered by Matthew Triggs who acted in violation of his Florida Supreme Court Bar position in representing Wheeler. 2372003 05 23 Wheeler Response to Rebuttal Partial242 2003 06 03 Iviewit Rebuttal to Wheeler Florida Bar Complaint 2nd Response Final 2462003 07 01 Florida Bar Response Wheeler Complaint trying to claim that the federal state and international crimes presented them were more a civil matter.2432003 06 04 Lorraine Christine Hoffman of The Florida Bar cover letter regarding Wheeler bar complaint.2172003 02 26 Original Florida Bar Complaint against Proskauer and Christopher Wheeler.2192003 04 07 - Christopher Wheeler perjured statement to the Florida Bar regarding Brian G. Utley. Wheeler in a footnote in a response tries to minimize the extent of the lie he is caught in. 220 2003 04 07 - Christopher Wheeler perjured Florida Bar statement. Florida Bar while cognizant of the crime of perjury in an official proceeding fails to take any action, although Wheeler is caught beyond a reasonable doubt and apologizes for his lies in writing. Oh yeah, the President of the Florida Bar turns out to be Wheelers brother, James Wheeler, underling at the law firm of Broad and Cassel and fails to disclose such while receiving documents from Iviewit to investigate.Matthew TriggsNew York Attorney General Complaints for Conflicts & Title 18 Obstructionhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080305%20Final%20Plaintiff%20Oposition%20to%20AG%20Cuomo%20letter%20email%20copy.pdf http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080314%20FINAL%20Letter%20to%20NY%20AG%20to%20reistigate%20investigation%20on%20new%20evidence.pdf http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/2007%2009%2024%20New%20York%20AG%20Cuomo%20letter%20denying%20Iviewit%20investigation.pdfVirginia Bar & Virginia Attorney General Complaints3572004 03 22 William J. Dick Virginia Bar Iviewit rebuttal 2,881 pages of great evidence for the IP crimes.http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080415%20FINAL%20SENT%20TO%20COURT%20and%20Letter%20to%20Virginia%20Bar%20Counsel%20Attorney%20General%20Hall%20re%20phone%20conv.doc http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080502%20Foley%20Anker%20Appearance%20and%20letter%20re%20conflicts.pdf US District Court Complaints for Conflicts and Title 18 Obstructionhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080219%20USDCSDNY%20Letter%20re%20missing%20service%20papers.pdf http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080305%20Final%20Plaintiff%20Oposition%20to%20AG%20Cuomo%20letter%20email%20copy.pdf http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080313%20FINAL%20Plaintiff%20Response%20to%20Schiendlin%20March%2007%202008%20Order.pdf http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080321%20Order%20Scheindlin.pdfhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080401%20Motion%20in%20Opposition%20to%20Motion%20to%20Dismiss%20for%20Florida%20Bar%20et%20al%20filed%20Greenberg%20Traurig.pdf http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/Scheindlin%20Order%2003%2007%202008%20(2).pdf US Second Circuit Court of Appeals Complaints for Conflicts and Title 18 Obstruction ChargeUS Bankruptcy Court Southern District of New YorkOther links5662006 01 07 Iviewit News Release regarding Representative Nita M. Lowey (D-NY 18th) taking the Iviewit matters to Representative John D. Dingell (D-MI 15th), Chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, who then forwards the matters for investigation to the House Judiciary Committee, under the direction of The Honorable John Conyers Jr. (D-MI 14th).6082007 08 09 and 19 State of New York Commission of Investigation letter from Anthony Cartusciello, Deputy Commissioner, denying investigation even though Thomas Cahill corruptions are being exposed at the First Department.6092007 08 09 2007 08 09 and 19 State of New York Commission of Investigation letter from Anthony Cartusciello, Deputy Commissioner, denying investigation even though Thomas Cahill corruptions are being exposed at the First Department.6112007 08 18 Iviewit letter to Andrew Cuomo regarding the uncovering of public office corruption of Thomas Cahill, Chief Counsel of the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee and to open immediate investigation of Cahill and the investigations of Proskauer Rose, Kenneth Rubenstein, Steven C. Krane, Raymond A. Joao, Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolf & Schlissel and others involved in the denial of due process of the Iviewit complaints.6122007 08 18 Iviewit letter to State of New York Commission of Investigation, Anthony Cartusciello, Deputy Commissioner, in rebuttal to his denying investigation in light of the unfolding ethics scandal at the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee and request to reconsider.6142007 09 05 Iviewit letter to Eliot Spitzer as Governor of New York to begin immediate investigation in light of the unfolding ethics scandal at the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee and Thomas J. Cahill and request to reopen all Iviewit cases against members of the department and those involved in the theft of Iviewit Intellectual properties.6152007 09 24 New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo letter denying Iviewit investigation.6212007 12 12 Iviewit filing of 1.5 billion dollar lawsuit in the United States District Court Southern District of New York under The Honorable Justice Shira A. Scheindlin. The Iviewit case, Docket No. # 07 Civ. 11196 (SAS) Eliot I. Bernstein, et al. v. Appellate Division First Department, Department Disciplinary Committee et al. is filed in effort to support former employee of the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, Christine C. Andersons heroic efforts to expose corruption in the department. Case No. 07 Civ. 9599 (SAS) Christine C. Anderson v. the State of New York, et al. The filed amended complaint adds hundreds of defendants and claims damages over one trillion dollars, as the RICO element of the case forces the Iviewit patent crimes into the filing that began as support on disciplinary matters denying due process.6302008 03 05 Final Plaintiff Opposition to AG Cuomo letter email copy.6312008 03 05 Final Plaintiff Opposition to Proskauer letter as counsel.6322008 03 07 Scheindlin Order re conflicts.6332008 03 10 Scheindlin Order re conflicts.6342008 03 13 FINAL Plaintiff Response to Scheindlin March 07 2008 Order.6352008 03 14 FINAL Letter to NY AG to reopen investigation on new evidence.6512008 05 09 FINAL AMENDED COMPLAINT AND RICO SIGNED COPY HIGH.doc6522008 05 09 FINAL AMENDED COMPLAINT AND RICO SIGNED COPY LOW.doc6532008 05 09 FINAL AMENDED COMPLAINT AND RICO SIGNED COPY MED.doc744Motion for Rubenstein and Wheeler to resume depositions.749New York State Bar Represented by Proskauer Rose making whole bar disciplinary system conflicted.IVIEWIT AMENDED COMPLAINT - ONE TRILLION DOLLARS IN DAMAGES 4682004 09 09 Steven C. Krane of Proskauer Rose, after being implicated for conflicts and violations of his Supreme Court and other public office positions violations starts working on a new biography of himself cutting what is implicating from his past as if it would disappear from his cover up. This is as funny as the picture of Krane at the Proskauer website where he replaces the picture where he weighs about 500 pounds with one from years earlier before he engorged himself in greed. You can run but you cannot hide Mr. Unethical.4692004 09 11 Iviewit files with LAWYERS FUND FOR CLIENT PROTECTION OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.5162004 12 24 Stephen Kaye of Proskauer Rose biography, yes this is the husband of Judge Judith Kaye, whose former law clerk was Steven Krane, partner with Stephen Kaye at Proskauer in the Intellectual Property group that was formed immediately after Proskauer took disclosures of the Iviewit inventions, then ran out and hired Rubenstein with his MPEGLA pools to steal the Iviewit inventions. Here we finally see how the denial of due process in New York was being effectuated and how the crimes were going uninvestigated and were derailed.PreConflict of Interest Disclosure FormPlease accept and return signed the following Conflict of Interest (COI) Disclosure Form before continuing further with adjudication, review or investigation of the attached Motion Information Statement  Motion for Extension of Time and any materials relating to Eliot Bernstein and or the Iviewit companies as listed herein, failure to comply may result in criminal and civil charges against you. This Conflict of Interest Disclosure Form is designed to ensure that the review and any determinations from such review of the enclosed materials will not be biased by any conflicting financial interest or any other conflicting interest by those reviewers responsible for the handling of this confidential information with the main alleged perpetrators of the alleged crimes in these matters. Disclosure forms with Yes answers to any of the following questions are requested not to open the remainder of the documents or opine in any manner and instead forward the matters on to the next available reviewer that is free of conflict that can sign and complete the disclosure. Please identify conflicts that you have in writing upon terminating your involvement in the matters. As many of these alleged perpetrators are large law firms, members of various state and federal courts and officers of federal, state and local law enforcement agencies, careful review and disclosure of any conflict with those named herein is pertinent in your continued handling of these matters. As these matters involve claims of conflicts, violations of public offices, interference with complaints in the Supreme Court of New York, coercion, document destruction, obstructions of justice, the need for prescreening for conflict is essential to the administration of due process in these matters. Federal Judge Shira A. Scheindlin has legally related these matters to a Whistleblower Lawsuit who alleges similar claims of public office corruption against Supreme Court of New York personnel and possibly others. Please take this as a formal written request for full disclosure of any conflict on your part, such request conforming with all applicable state and federal laws, public office rules and regulations, attorney conduct codes and judicial cannons or other international law and treatises.Failure to comply with all applicable conflict disclosure rules, regulations and laws prior to continued action on your part will be cause for the filing of complaints against you for any decisions or actions you make prior to a signed Conflict Of Interest Disclosure Form with all applicable regulatory agencies. Complaints will be filed with all appropriate authorities, including but not limited to, Public Integrity Officials, Judicial Conduct Officials, State and Federal Bar Associations, Disciplinary Departments and all appropriate law enforcement agencies for failing to follow well established rules and regulations governing public office conflict, attorney conduct conflicts, judicial conduct and law.I. Do you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate have, any direct or indirect relations (relationships), or interest in any outside entity or any direct or indirect relations (relationships) to the following parties to the proceeding of the matters you are reviewing: 1. Proskauer Rose, LLP; Alan S. Jaffe - Chairman Of The Board - (Jaffe); Kenneth Rubenstein - (Rubenstein); Robert Kafin - Managing Partner - (Kafin); Christopher C. Wheeler - (Wheeler); Steven C. Krane - (Krane); Stephen R. Kaye - (S. Kaye) and in his estate with New York Supreme Court Chief Judge Judith Kaye (J. Kaye); Matthew Triggs - (Triggs); Christopher Pruzaski - (Pruzaski); Mara Lerner Robbins - (Robbins); Donald Thompson - (Thompson); Gayle Coleman; David George; George A. Pincus; Gregg Reed; Leon Gold - (Gold); Albert Gortz - (Gortz); Marcy Hahn-Saperstein; Kevin J. Healy - (Healy); Stuart Kapp; Ronald F. Storette; Chris Wolf; Jill Zammas; FULL LIST OF 601 liable Proskauer Partners; any other John Doe (John Doe) Proskauer partner, affiliate, company, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Proskauer ROSE LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Proskauer related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;2. MELTZER, LIPPE, GOLDSTEIN, WOLF & SCHLISSEL, P.C.; Lewis Melzter - (Meltzer); Raymond Joao - (Joao); Frank Martinez - (Martinez); Kenneth Rubenstein - (Rubenstein); FULL LIST OF 34 Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C. liable Partners; any other John Doe (John Doe) Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C. partner, affiliate, company, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C.; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein, Wolf & Schlissel, P.C. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;3. FOLEY & LARDNER LLP; Ralf Boer (Boer); Michael Grebe (Grebe); Christopher Kise (Kise); William J. Dick - (Dick); Steven C. Becker - (Becker); Douglas Boehm - (Boehm); Barry Grossman - (Grossman); Jim Clark - (Clark); any other John Doe (John Doe) Foley & Lardner partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Foley & Lardner; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Foley & Lardner related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;4. Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP; Richard Schiffrin - (Schiffrin); Andrew Barroway - (Barroway); Krishna Narine - (Narine); any other John Doe (John Doe) Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Schiffrin & Barroway, LLP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;5. Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP; Norman Zafman - (Zafman); Thomas Coester - (Coester); Farzad Ahmini - (Ahmini); George Hoover - (Hoover); any other John Doe (John Doe) Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Blakely Sokoloff Taylor & Zafman LLP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;6. Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP; Martyn W. Molyneaux - (Molyneaux); Michael Dockterman - (Dockterman); FULL LIST OF 198 Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP liable Partners; any other John Doe (John Doe) Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Wildman, Harrold, Allen & Dixon LLP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;7. Christopher & Weisberg, P.A.; Alan M. Weisberg - (Weisberg); any other John Doe (John Doe) Christopher & Weisberg, P.A. partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Christopher & Weisberg, P.A.; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Christopher & Weisberg, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;8. YAMAKAWA INTERNATIONAL PATENT OFFICE; Masaki Yamakawa - (Yamakawa); any other John Doe (John Doe) Yamakawa International Patent Office partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Yamakawa International Patent Office; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Yamakawa International Patent Office related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;9. GOLDSTEIN LEWIN & CO.; Donald J. Goldstein - (Goldstein); Gerald R. Lewin - (Lewin); Erika Lewin - (E. Lewin); Mark R. Gold; Paul Feuerberg; Salvatore Bochicchio; Marc H. List; David A. Katzman; Robert H. Garick; Robert C. Zeigen; Marc H. List; Lawrence A. Rosenblum; David A. Katzman; Brad N. Mciver; Robert Cini; any other John Doe (John Doe) Goldstein & Lewin Co. partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Goldstein & Lewin Co.; Partners, Associates, Of Counsel, Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Goldstein & Lewin Co. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;10. INTEL Corporation;11. Silicon Graphics Inc.;12. Lockheed Martin Corporation;13. Real 3D, Inc. (SILICON GRAPHICS, INC., LOCKHEED MARTIN & INTEL) & RYJO; Gerald Stanley - (Stanley); Ryan Huisman - (Huisman); RYJO - (RYJO); Tim Connolly - (Connolly); Steve Cochran; David Bolton; Rosalie Bibona - (Bibona); Connie Martin; Richard Gentner; Steven A. Behrens; Matt Johannsen; any other John Doe (John Doe) Intel, Real 3D, Inc. (Silicon Graphics, Inc., Lockheed Martin & Intel) & RYJO partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Intel, Real 3D, Inc. (Silicon Graphics, Inc., Lockheed Martin & Intel) & RYJO; Employees, Corporations, Affiliates and any other Intel, Real 3D, Inc. (Silicon Graphics, Inc., Lockheed Martin & Intel) & RYJO related or affiliated entities, and any successor companies both individually and professionally;14. Tiedemann Investment Group; Bruce T. Prolow (Prolow); Carl Tiedemann (C. Tiedemann); Andrew Philip Chesler; Craig L. Smith; any other John Doe (John Doe) Tiedemann Investment Group partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Tiedemann Investment Group and any other Tiedemann Investment Group related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;15. Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners; Stephen J. Warner - (Warner); Rene P. Eichenberger - (Eichenberger); H. Hickman Hank Powell - (Powell); Maurice Buchsbaum - (Buchsbaum); Eric Chen - (Chen); Avi Hersh; Matthew Shaw - (Shaw); Bruce W. Shewmaker - (Shewmaker); Ravi M. Ugale - (Ugale); any other John Doe (John Doe) Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners and any other Crossbow Ventures / Alpine Partners related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;16. BROAD & CASSEL; James J. Wheeler - (J. Wheeler); Kelly Overstreet Johnson - (Johnson); any other John Doe (John Doe) Broad & Cassell partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Broad & Cassell and any other Broad & Cassell related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;17. FORMER IVIEWIT MANAGEMENT & BOARD; Brian G. Utley/Proskauer Referred Management - (Utley); Raymond Hersh - (Hersh)/; Michael Reale - (Reale)/Proskauer Referred Management; Rubenstein/Proskauer Rose Shareholder in Iviewit - Advisory Board; Wheeler/Proskauer Rose Shareholder in Iviewit - Advisory Board; Dick/Foley & Lardner - Advisory Board, Boehm/Foley & Lardner - Advisory Board; Becker/Foley & Lardner; Advisory Board; Joao/Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolfe & Schlissel - Advisory Board; Kane/Goldman Sachs - Board Director; Lewin/Goldstein Lewin - Board Director; Ross Miller, Esq. (Miller), Prolow/Tiedemann Prolow II - Board Director; Powell/Crossbow Ventures/Proskauer Referred Investor - Board Director; Maurice Buchsbaum - Board Director; Stephen Warner - Board Director; Simon L. Bernstein  Board Director (S. Bernstein); any other John Doe (John Doe) Former Iviewit Management & Board partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Former Iviewit Management & Board and any other Former Iviewit Management & Board related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;18. FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT - WEST PALM BEACH FLORIDA; Judge Jorge LABARGA - (Labarga); any other John Doe (John Doe) FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT - WEST PALM BEACH FLORIDA staff, known or not known to have been involved at the time. Hereinafter, collectively referred to as (15C);19. THE SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION: FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT, DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE; Thomas Cahill - (Cahill); Joseph Wigley - (Wigley); Steven Krane, any other John Doe (John Doe) of THE SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION: FIRST JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT, DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE staff, known or not known to have been involved at the time;20. THE FLORIDA BAR; Lorraine Christine Hoffman - (Hoffman); Eric Turner - (Turner); Kenneth Marvin - (Marvin); Anthony Boggs - (Boggs); Joy A. Bartmon - (Bartmon); Kelly Overstreet Johnson - (Johnson); Jerald Beer - (Beer); Matthew Triggs; Christopher or James Wheeler; any other John Doe (John Doe) The Florida Bar staff, known or not known to have been involved at the time;21. MPEGLA, LLC.  Kenneth Rubenstein, Patent Evaluator; Licensors and Licensees, please visit www.mpegla.com for a complete list; Columbia University; Fujitsu Limited; General Instrument Corp; Lucent Technologies Inc.; Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.; Mitsubishi Electric Corp.; Philips Electronics N.V. (Philips); Scientific Atlanta, Inc.; Sony Corp. (Sony); EXTENDED LIST OF MPEGLA LICENSEES AND LICENSORS; any other John Doe MPEGLA, LLC. Partner, Associate, Engineer, Of Counsel or Employee; any other John Doe (John Doe) MPEGLA, LLC partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to MPEGLA, LLC and any other MPEGLA, LLC related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;22. DVD6C LICENSING GROUP - Licensors and Licensees, please visit www.mpegla.com for a complete list; Toshiba Corporation; Hitachi, Ltd.; Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd.; Mitsubishi Electric Corporation; Time Warner Inc.; Victor Company Of Japan, Ltd.; EXTENDED DVD6C DEFENDANTS; any other John Doe DVD6C LICENSING GROUP Partner, Associate, Engineer, Of Counsel or Employee; any other John Doe (John Doe) DVD6C LICENSING GROUP partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to DVD6C LICENSING GROUP and any other DVD6C LICENSING GROUP related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;23. Harrison Goodard Foote incorporating Brewer & Son; Martyn Molyneaux, Esq. (Molyneaux); Any other John Doe (John Doe) Harrison Goodard Foote (incorporating Brewer & Son) partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Harrison Goodard Goote incorporating Brewer & Son and any other related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;24. Lawrence DiGiovanna, Chairman of the Grievance Committee of the Second Judicial Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee; 25. James E. Peltzer, Clerk of the Court of the Appellate Division, Supreme Court of the State of New York, Second Judicial Department; Diana Kearse, Chief Counsel to the Grievance Committee of the Second Judicial Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee; 26. Houston & Shahady, P.A., any other John Doe (John Doe) Houston & Shahady, P.A., affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Houston & Shahady, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;27. Furr & Cohen, P.A. any other John Doe (John Doe) Furr & Cohen, P.A., affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Furr & Cohen, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;28. Moskowitz, Mandell, Salim & Simowitz, P.A., any other John Doe (John Doe) Moskowitz, Mandell, Salim & Simowitz, P.A., affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Moskowitz, Mandell, Salim & Simowitz, P.A. related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;29. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Jeffrey Friedstein (Friedstein); Sheldon Friedstein (S. Friedstein), Donald G. Kane (Kane); any other John Doe (John Doe) The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. partners, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and any other related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;30. David B. Simon, Esq. (D. Simon);31. Sachs Saxs & Klein, PA any other John Doe (John Doe) Sachs Saxs & Klein, PA, affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Sachs Saxs & Klein, PA related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;32. Huizenga Holdings Incorporated any other John Doe (John Doe) Huizenga Holdings Incorporated affiliates, companies, known or not known at this time; including but not limited to Huizenga Holdings Incorporated related or affiliated entities both individually and professionally;33. Davis Polk & Wardell;34. Ropes & Gray LLP;35. Sullivan & Cromwell LLP;36. Judge Martin Glenn at the United States Bankruptcy Court ~ Southern District of New York 37. Eliot I. Bernstein, (Bernstein) a resident of the State of California, and former President (Acting) of Iviewit Holdings, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries and the founder of Iviewit and principal inventor of its technology;38. P. Stephen Lamont, (Lamont) a resident of the State of New York, and former Chief Executive Officer (Acting) of Iviewit Holdings, Inc. and all of its affiliates and subsidiaries;39. SKULL AND BONES; The Russell Trust Co.; Yale Law School;40. Council on Foreign Relations;41. The Bilderberg Group;42. The Federalist Society;43. The Bradley Foundation;44. Please include in the COI check the defendants and any other parties in the legally related case of New York District Court Southern District of New York Docket No (07cv09599) Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT;A. United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit 08-4873-cv B. (07cv11196) Bernstein et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. - TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUIT Defendants, in addition to those already listed herein, include but are not limited to;1. STATE OF NEW YORK;2. THE OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION OF THE UNIFIED COURT SYSTEM;3. STEVEN C. KRANE in his official and individual Capacities for the New York State Bar Association and the Appellate Division First Department Departmental disciplinary Committee, and, his professional and individual capacities as a Proskauer partner;4. ESTATE OF STEPHEN KAYE, in his professional and individual capacities;5. MATTHEW M. TRIGGS in his official and individual capacity for The Florida Bar and his professional and individual capacities as a partner of Proskauer;6. JON A. BAUMGARTEN, in his professional and individual capacities;7. SCOTT P. COOPER, in his professional and individual capacities;8. BRENDAN J. OROURKE, in his professional and individual capacities;9. LAWRENCE I. WEINSTEIN, in his professional and individual capacities;10. WILLIAM M. HART, in his professional and individual capacities;11. DARYN A. GROSSMAN, in his professional and individual capacities;12. JOSEPH A. CAPRARO JR., in his professional and individual capacities;13. JAMES H. SHALEK; in his professional and individual capacities;14. GREGORY MASHBERG, in his professional and individual capacities;15. JOANNA SMITH, in her professional and individual capacities;16. TODD C. NORBITZ, in his professional and individual capacities;17. ANNE SEKEL, in his professional and individual capacities;18. JIM CLARK, in his professional and individual capacities;19. STATE OF FLORIDA, OFFICE OF THE STATE COURTS ADMINISTRATOR, FLORIDA;20. FLORIDA SUPREME COURT;21. HON. CHARLES T. WELLS, in his official and individual capacities;22. HON. HARRY LEE ANSTEAD, in his official and individual capacities;23. HON. R. FRED LEWIS, in his official and individual capacities;24. HON. PEGGY A. QUINCE, in his official and individual capacities;25. HON. KENNETH B. BELL, in his official and individual capacities;26. THOMAS HALL, in his official and individual capacities;27. DEBORAH YARBOROUGH in her official and individual capacities;28. DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL REGULATION  FLORIDA;29. CITY OF BOCA RATON, FLA.;30. ROBERT FLECHAUS in his official and individual capacities;31. ANDREW SCOTT in his official and individual capacities;32. PAUL CURRAN in his official and individual capacities;33. MARTIN R. GOLD in his official and individual capacities;34. SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION FIRST DEPARTMENT;35. CATHERINE OHAGEN WOLFE in her official and individual capacities;36. HON. ANGELA M. MAZZARELLI in her official and individual capacities;37. HON. RICHARD T. ANDRIAS in his official and individual capacities;38. HON. DAVID B. SAXE in his official and individual capacities;39. HON. DAVID FRIEDMAN in his official and individual capacities; 40. HON. LUIZ A. GONZALES in his official and individual capacities; 41. SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT; 42. SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND DEPARTMENT DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE;43. HON. A. GAIL PRUDENTI in her official and individual capacities;44. HON. JUDITH S. KAYE in her official and individual capacities;45. STATE OF NEW YORK COMMISSION OF INVESTIGATION;46. ANTHONY CARTUSCIELLO in his official and individual capacities;47. LAWYERS FUND FOR CLIENT PROTECTION OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK; 48. OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK;49. ELIOT SPITZER in his official and individual capacities, as both former Attorney General for the State of New York, and, as former Governor of the State of New York;50. COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA;51. VIRGINIA STATE BAR;52. ANDREW H. GOODMAN in his official and individual capacities;53. NOEL SENGEL in her official and individual capacities;54. MARY W. MARTELINO in her official and individual capacities;55. LIZBETH L. MILLER, in her official and individual capacities;56. MPEGLA LLC; LAWRENCE HORN, in his professional and individual capacities;57. INTEL CORP.; LARRY PALLEY, in his professional and individual capacities;58. SILICON GRAPHICS, INC.; 59. LOCKHEED MARTIN Corp;60. EUROPEAN PATENT OFFICE;61. ALAIN POMPIDOU in his official and individual capacities;62. WIM VAN DER EIJK in his official and individual capacities;63. LISE DYBDAHL in her official and personal capacities;64. DIGITAL INTERACTIVE STREAMS, INC.; 65. ROYAL OBRIEN, in his professional and individual capacities;66. HUIZENGA HOLDINGS INCORPORATED, WAYNE HUIZENGA, in his professional and individual capacities;67. WAYNE HUIZENGA, JR., in his professional and individual capacities;68. BART A. HOUSTON, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities;69. BRADLEY S. SCHRAIBERG, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities;70. WILLIAM G. SALIM, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities;71. BEN ZUCKERMAN, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities;72. SPENCER M. SAX, in his professional and individual capacities;73. ALBERTO GONZALES in his official and individual capacities;74. JOHNNIE E. FRAZIER in his official and individual capacities;75. IVIEWIT, INC., a Florida corporation;76. IVIEWIT, INC., a Delaware corporation;77. IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Uview.com, Inc.);78. UVIEW.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation;79. IVIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Iviewit Holdings, Inc.);80. IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Florida corporation;81. IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Florida corporation;82. I.C., INC., a Florida corporation;83. IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation;84. IVIEWIT.COM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;85. IVIEWIT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;86. IVIEWIT CORPORATION, a Florida corporation;87. IBM CORPORATION;C. Cases @ US District Court - Southern District NY1. (07cv09599) Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT;2. (07cv11196) Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.;3. (07cv11612) Esposito v The State of New York, et al.;4. (08cv00526) Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.;5. (08cv02391) McKeown v The State of New York, et al.;6. (08cv02852) Galison v The State of New York, et al.;7. (08cv03305) Carvel v The State of New York, et al.; 8. (08cv4053) Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al.;9. (08cv4438) Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al.;10. (08 cv 6368) John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New York45. Any other known or unknown person or known or unknown entity not named herein that will cause your review of the complaint you are charged with investigating to be biased by any conflicting past, present, or future financial interest or any other interest? _____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any identified conflicted parties on a separate and attached sheet fully disclosing all information regarding the conflict. If the answer is Yes, please describe the relations, relationships and / or interests and please affirm whether such presents a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind.II. Do you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate, receive salary or other remuneration or financial considerations from any entity related to the enclosed parties to the proceeding of the matters including but not limited to campaign contributions whether direct, in kind or of any type at all?_____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any identified conflicted parties on a separate and attached sheet fully disclosing all information regarding the conflict. If the answer is Yes, please describe the relations, relationships and / or interests and please affirm whether such presents a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind.III. Have you, your spouse, and your dependents, in the aggregate, had any prior conversations with any person related to the proceeding of the Iviewit or related matters?_____NO ____YESPlease describe in detail any identified conflicted parties on a separate and attached sheet fully disclosing all information regarding the conflict. If the answer is Yes, please describe the relations, relationships and / or interests and please affirm whether such presents a conflict of interest in fairly reviewing the matters herein without undue bias or prejudice of any kind.IV. I have run a thorough and exhaustive Conflict of Interest check to conform with any and all state, federal or local laws and any professional association rules and regulations obligating such check and/or disclosure to verify that my spouse, my dependents, and I in the aggregate, have no conflicts with any parties._____NO ____YESV. I have notified all parties with any liabilities regarding my continued actions in these matters, including state agencies, insurance concerns or any other person with liability that may result from my actions in these matters._____NO ____YESRelevant Sections of Judicial Cannons, Attorney Conduct Codes and Law[1]Conflict of Interest LawsConflict of interest indicates a situation where a private interest may influence a public decision. Conflict of Interest Laws are laws and regulations designed to prevent conflicts of interest. These laws may contain provisions related to financial or asset disclosure, exploitation of ones official position and privileges, regulation of campaign practices, etc.New York State Consolidated Laws PenalARTICLE 200 BRIBERY INVOLVING PUBLIC SERVANTS AND RELATED OFFENSESS 200.03 Bribery in the second degreeS 200.04 Bribery in the first degreeS 200.05 Bribery; defenseS 200.10 Bribe receiving in the third degreeS 200.11 Bribe receiving in the second degreeS 200.12 Bribe receiving in the first degreeS 200.15 Bribe receiving; no defenseS 200.20 Rewarding official misconduct in the second degreeS 200.22 Rewarding official misconduct in the first degree S 200.25 Receiving reward for official misconduct in the second degreeS 200.27 Receiving reward for official misconduct in the first degreeS 200.30 Giving unlawful gratuitiesS 200.35 Receiving unlawful gratuitiesS 200.40 Bribe giving and bribe receiving for public office; definition of termS 200.45 Bribe giving for public officeS 200.50 Bribe receiving for public officeARTICLE 175 OFFENSES INVOLVING FALSE WRITTEN STATEMENTSS 175.05 Falsifying business records in the second degree. S 175.10 Falsifying business records in the first degree.S 175.15 Falsifying business records; defenseS 175.20 Tampering with public records in the second degreeS 175.25 Tampering with public records in the first degree S 175.30 Offering a false instrument for filing in the second degreeS 175.35 Offering a false instrument for filing in the first degreeNY Constitution ARTICLE XIII Public OfficersPublic Officers - Public Officers ARTICLE 1ARTICLE 2 Appointment and Qualification of Public Officers - ARTICLE 15 ATTORNEYS AND COUNSELORSS 468-b. Clients` security fund of the state of New YorkS 476-a. Action for unlawful practice of the lawS 476-b. Injunction to restrain defendant from unlawful practice of the lawS 476-c. Investigation by the attorney-generalS 487. Misconduct by attorneysS 488. Buying demands on which to bring an action.Public Officers Law SEC 73 Restrictions on the Activities Of Current and Former State Officers and EmployeesPublic Officers Law SEC 74 Code of EthicsConflicts of Interest Law, found in Chapter 68 of the New York City Charter, the Citys Financial Disclosure Law, set forth in section 12-110 of the New York City Administrative Code, and the Lobbyist Gift Law, found in sections 3-224 through 3-228 of the Administrative Code.TITLE 18 FEDERAL CODE & OTHER APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAWTITLE 18 PART I CH 11Sec. 201. Bribery of public officials and witnessesSec. 225. - Continuing financial crimes enterpriseBRIBERY, GRAFT, AND CONFLICTS OF INTERESTSec. 205. - Activities of officers and employees in claims against and other matters affecting the GovernmentSec. 208. - Acts affecting a personal financial interestSec. 210. - Offer to procure appointive public officeSec. 225. - Continuing financial crimes enterpriseTITLE 18 PART I CH 79 Sec 1623 - False declarations before grand jury or courtSec 654 - Officer or employee of United States converting property of anotherTITLE 18 PART I CH 73 Sec 1511 - Obstruction of State or local law enforcementTITLE 18 PART I CH 96 Sec 1961 RACKETEER INFLUENCED AND CORRUPT Organizations (RICO)Section 1503 (relating to obstruction of justice),Section 1510 (relating to obstruction of criminal investigations)Section 1511 (relating to the obstruction of State or local law enforcement),Section 1952 (relating to racketeering), Section 1957 (relating to engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specified unlawful activity),TITLE 18 PART I CH 96 SEC 1962 (A) RICOTITLE 18 PART I CH 96 SEC 1962 (B) RICOTITLE 18 PART I CH 96 SEC 1962 (C) RICOtitle 18 part i ch 19 sec 1962 (d) RICOTITLE 18 PART I CH 19 CONSPIRACY Sec 371 CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT OFFENSE OR TO DEFRAUD UNITED STATESTITLE 18 PART I CH 95 RACKETEERING SEC 1957 Engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specified unlawful activityTITLE 18 PART I CH 47 Sec 1031 - Major fraud against the United StatesJudicial CannonsCanon 1. A Judge Should Uphold the Integrity and Independence of the Judiciary [1.1] Deference to the judgments and rulings of courts depends upon public confidence in the integrity and independence of judges. The integrity and independence of judges depends in turn upon their acting without fear or favor. Although judges should be independent, they must comply with the law, including the provisions of this Code. Public confidence in the impartiality of the judiciary is maintained by the adherence of each judge to this responsibility. Conversely, violation of this Code diminishes public confidence in the judiciary and thereby does injury to the system of government under law.Canon 2. A Judge Should Avoid Impropriety and the Appearance of Impropriety in All Activities(A) A judge shall respect and comply with the law and shall act at all times in a manner that promotes public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of the judiciary.[2.2][2A] The prohibition against behaving with impropriety or the appearance of impropriety applies to both the professional and personal conduct of a judge. Because it is not practicable to list all prohibited acts, the proscription is necessarily cast in general terms that extend to conduct by judges that is harmful although not specifically mentioned in the Code. Actual improprieties under this standard include violations of law, court rules or other specific provisions of this Code. The test for appearance of impropriety is whether the conduct would create in reasonable minds a perception that the judges ability to carry out judicial responsibilities with integrity, impartiality and competence is impaired.Canon 3. A Judge Should Perform the Duties of the Office Impartially and Diligently(B) Adjudicative responsibilities.(l) A judge shall be faithful to the law and maintain professional competence in it. A judge shall not be swayed by partisan interests, public clamor or fear of criticism.(2) A judge shall require order and decorum in proceedings before the judge.(D) Disciplinary responsibilities.(1) A judge who receives information indicating a substantial likelihood that another judge has committed a substantial violation of this Part shall take appropriate action.(2) A judge who receives information indicating a substantial likelihood that a lawyer has committed a substantial violation of the Code of Professional Responsibility shall take appropriate action.(3) Acts of a judge in the discharge of disciplinary responsibilities are part of a judges judicial duties.(E) Disqualification.(1) A judge shall disqualify himself or herself in a proceeding in which the judges impartiality might reasonably be questioned[3.11][3B(6)(e)] A judge may delegate the responsibilities of the judge under Canon 3B(6) to a member of the judges staff. A judge must make reasonable efforts, including the provision of appropriate supervision, to ensure that Section 3B(6) is not violated through law clerks or other personnel on the judges staff. This provision does not prohibit the judge or the judges law clerk from informing all parties individually of scheduling or administrative decisions.[3.21][3E(1)] Under this rule, a judge is disqualified whenever the judges impartiality might reasonably be questioned, regardless whether any of the specific rules in Section 3E(1) apply. For example, if a judge were in the process of negotiating for employment with a law firm, the judge would be disqualified from any matters in which that firm appeared, unless the disqualification was waived by the parties after disclosure by the judge. [3.22][3E(1)] A judge should disclose on the record information that the judge believes the parties or their lawyers might consider relevant to the question of disqualification, even if the judge believes there is no real basis for disqualification.Canon 4. A Judge May Engage in Extra-Judicial Activities To Improve the Law, the Legal System, and the Administration of Justice Canon 5. A Judge Should Regulate Extra-Judicial Activities To Minimize the Risk of Conflict with Judicial Duties Public Office Conduct Codes New YorkPUBLIC OFFICERS LAW Laws 1909, Chap. 51.CHAPTER 47 OF THE CONSOLIDATED LAWS PUBLIC OFFICERS LAWSec. 17. Defense and indemnification of state officers and employees.2 (b)Sec. 18. Defense and indemnification of officers and employees of public entities.3 (b)Sec. 74. Code of ethics.(2)(3)(4) 73. Business or professional activities by state officers and employees and party officers.NY Attorney Conduct Code(a) Differing interests include every interest that will adversely affect either the judgment or the loyalty of a lawyer to a client, whether it be a conflicting, inconsistent, diverse, or other interest.CANON 5. A Lawyer Should Exercise Independent Professional Judgment on Behalf of a ClientDR 5-101 [1200.20] Conflicts of Interest - Lawyers Own Interests.DR 5-102 [1200.21] Lawyers as Witnesses.DR 5-103 [1200.22] Avoiding Acquisition of Interest in Litigation.DR 5-104 [1200.23] Transactions Between Lawyer and Client.DR 5-105 [1200.24] Conflict of Interest; Simultaneous Representation.DR 5-108 [1200.27] Conflict of Interest - Former Client.CANON 6. A Lawyer Should Represent a Client CompetentlyCANON 7. A Lawyer Should Represent a Client Zealously Within the Bounds of the LawDR 7-102 [1200.33] Representing a Client Within the Bounds of the Law.DR 7-110 [1200.41] Contact with Officials.DR 8-101 [1200.42] Action as a Public Official.DR 8-103 [1200.44] Lawyer Candidate for Judicial Office.A. A lawyer who is a candidate for judicial office shall comply with section 100.5 of the Chief Administrators Rules Governing Judicial Conduct (22 NYCRR) and Canon 5 of the Code of Judicial Conduct.CANON 9. A Lawyer Should Avoid Even the Appearance of Professional ImproprietyDR 9-101 [1200.45] Avoiding Even the Appearance of Impropriety.I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing statements in this CONFLICT OF INTEREST DISCLOSURE FORM are true and correct. Executed on this ____ day of _______20__ the foregoing statements in this CONFLICT OF INTEREST DISCLOSURE FORM are true. I am aware that any false, fictitious, or fraudulent statements or claims will subject me to criminal, civil, or administrative penalties, including possible culpability in the RICO related crimes including the alleged attempted murder of the inventor Eliot Bernstein and his wife and children in a car-bombing attempt on their lives. I agree to accept responsibility for the unbiased review, and presentation of findings to the appropriate party(ies) who also have executed this CONFLICT OF INTEREST DISCLOSURE FORM. A lack of signature will serve as evidence that I have accepted this document with conflict in the event that I continue to represent the matters without signing such COI first and will be an admission of such conflict(s).Organization  United States Court of Appeal for the Second CircuitPrint Name & Title________________________________________Signature ________________________________________Date________/_________/__________ If you are unable to sign this COI and are therefore unable to continue further to pursue these matters, please attach a statement of whom we may contact as your replacement. A copy can be sent to Iviewit@Iviewit.tv or the mailing address below:Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)Iviewit@Iviewit.tvwww.Iviewit.tvCONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message and any attachments are covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. SS 2510-2521. This message is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message or call (561) 245-8588. If you are the intended recipient but do not wish to receive communications through this medium, please so advise the sender immediately.[1] The Relevant Sections are merely a benchmark guide and other state, federal and international laws may be applicable to your particular circumstances in reviewing or acting in these matters. For a more complete list of applicable sections of law relating to these matters please visit http://Iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/oneofthesedays/index.htm#_Toc107852933 Iviewit Crime Chart - PatentgateIviewit Crime Chart Steven C. Krane Proskauer RoseIviewit Crime Chart Proskauer Allen Stanford Bernard Madoff Marc S. DreierTags: allen stanford, barroway, bernard madoff, christine c. anderson, copyright, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, expose corrupt courts, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, IBM, intel, inventor, iviewit, jude rosario, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, ownership, patent, patentgate, person, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, theft, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga, xxx, zakirul shirajee Posted in Iviewit Current Events |   6 Comments September 24, 2009 Public Hearing Senator John L. Sampson New York: Standing Committee On The Judiciary New York Senate Judiciary Committee John L. Sampson Chairman  Testimony of Eliot Bernstein, Inventor, Iviewit Technologies re Trillion Dollar Lawsuit Naming Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner, Intel, IBM, SGI & Lockheed MartinOctober 7th, 2009 Testimony of Eliot Bernstein @ 4.02.08 in this videoThe Video Below was removed from the website for unknown reasons.SENATE STANDING COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARYNOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARINGSenator John SampsonChairmanSUBJECT: The Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, the grievance committees of the various Judicial Districts and the New York State Commission on Judicial ConductPURPOSE: This hearing will review the mission, procedures and level of public satisfaction with the Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, the grievance committees of the various Judicial Districts as well as the New York State Commission on Judicial ConductMonday June 8, 2009NYC250 BroadwayNY NY10 A.M.19th FloorORAL TESTIMONY BY INVITATION ONLYWitness List for Judiciary Hearing 9/24/09 The Judicial & Attorney Disciplinary Process in the State of New York1. Richard Kuse of New City, NY2. Victor Kovner of the Fund for Modem Courts3. Douglas Higbee of Mamaroneck, NY4. Judith Herskowitz of Miami Beach, FL5. Peter Gonzalez of Troy, NY6. Andrea Wilkinson of Rensselaer, NY7. Maria Gkanios of Mahopac, NY8. Dominic Lieto of Mahopac, NY9. Regina Felton Esq of Brooklyn, NY10. Kathryn Malarkey of Purchase, NY11. Nora Renzuli, Esq. of Staten Island, NY12. Stephanie Klein of Long Beach, NY13. Ike Aruti of Rosedale, NY14. Terrence Finnan of Keene, NY15. Gizella Weisshaus, NY16. Eliot I. Bernstein of Boca Raton, FL17. Suzanne McCormick & Patrick Handley of NYThe Appellate Division of the Supreme Court is the entity that is legally responsible for enforcing the Rules of Professional Conduct governing the conduct of attorneys in New York State. The Appellate Division Departments have created grievance committees that are charged with the investigation of complaints against attorneys. Within the First Judicial Department the Departmental Disciplinary Committee of the Appellate Division investigates complaints against attorneys. The New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct was created by the State Constitution and is charged with investigating complaints against Judges and Justices of the Unified Court System.According to the 2009 Report of the Commission on Judicial Conduct, there were 1,923 complaints filed in 2008. Yet of these complaints only 262 were investigated and of those, 173 were dismissed. This hearing will examine the processes and procedures that are followed by the various agencies charged with the responsibility of enforcing the rules and regulations that must be followed by the Judiciary and the Bar in the State of New York. It will also evaluate public satisfaction with the disciplinary process.Whistleblower and Related CasesUnited States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit Docket 08-4873-cv - Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. - TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUITCases @ US District Court - Southern District NY( 07cv09599 ) Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT( 07cv11196 ) Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.( 07cv11612 ) Esposito v The State of New York, et al.,( 08cv00526 ) Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.,( 08cv02391 ) McKeown v The State of New York, et al.,( 08cv02852 ) Galison v The State of New York, et al.,( 08cv03305 ) Carvel v The State of New York, et al., and,( 08cv4053 ) Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al.( 08cv4438 ) Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al.( 08 cv 6368 ) John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New YorkTags: allen stanford, barroway, bernard madoff, capital, copyright, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, patent, patentgate, person, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, theft, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Iviewit Current Events |   No Comments September 24, 2009 Public Hearing: Standing Committee On The Judiciary New York Senate Judiciary Committee John L. Sampson Chairman  Testimony of Eliot Bernstein, Inventor, Iviewit Technologies re Proskauer Rose and Foley & LardnerSeptember 26th, 2009 September 24, 2009 Public Hearing: Standing Committee On The Judiciary New York Senate Judiciary Committee John L. Sampson ChairmanSENATE STANDING COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARYNOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARINGSUBJECT: The Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, the grievance committees of the various Judicial Districts and the New York State Commission on Judicial ConductPURPOSE: This hearing will review the mission, procedures and level of public satisfaction with the Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, the grievance committees of the various Judicial Districts as well as the New York State Commission on Judicial ConductORAL TESTIMONY BY:Witness List for Judiciary Hearing 9/24/09 The Judicial & Attorney Disciplinary Process in the State of New YorkRichard Kuse of New City, NYVictor Kovner of the Fund for Modem CourtsDouglas Higbee of Mamaroneck, NYJudith Herskowitz of Miami Beach, FLPeter Gonzalez of Troy, NYAndrea Wilkinson of Rensselaer, NYMaria Gkanios of Mahopac, NYDominic Lieto of Mahopac, NYRegina Felton Esq of Brooklyn, NYKathryn Malarkey of Purchase, NYNora Renzuli, Esq. of Staten Island, NYStephanie Klein of Long Beach, NYIke Aruti of Rosedale, NYTerrence Finnan of Keene, NYGizella Weisshaus, NYEliot I. Bernstein of Boca Raton, FLSuzanne McCormick & Patrick Handley of NYThe Appellate Division of the Supreme Court is the entity that is legally responsible for enforcing the Rules of Professional Conduct governing the conduct of attorneys in New York State. The Appellate Division Departments have created grievance committees that are charged with the investigation of complaints against attorneys. Within the First Judicial Department the Departmental Disciplinary Committee of the Appellate Division investigates complaints against attorneys. The New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct was created by the State Constitution and is charged with investigating complaints against Judges and Justices of the Unified Court System.According to the 2009 Report of the Commission on Judicial Conduct, there were 1,923 complaints filed in 2008. Yet of these complaints only 262 were investigated and of those, 173 were dismissed. This hearing will examine the processes and procedures that are followed by the various agencies charged with the responsibility of enforcing the rules and regulations that must be followed by the Judiciary and the Bar in the State of New York. It will also evaluate public satisfaction with the disciplinary process.Testimony of Eliot Bernstein @ 4.02.08 in this resurfaced videoHandheld video of Eliot TestimonySENATE STANDING COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARYNOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARINGSenator John SampsonChairmanSUBJECT: The Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, the grievance committees of the various Judicial Districts and the New York State Commission on Judicial ConductPURPOSE: This hearing will review the mission, procedures and level of public satisfaction with the Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, the grievance committees of the various Judicial Districts as well as the New York State Commission on Judicial ConductMonday June 8, 2009NYC250 BroadwayNY NY10 A.M.19th FloorORAL TESTIMONY BY INVITATION ONLYWitness List for Judiciary Hearing 9/24/09 The Judicial & Attorney Disciplinary Process in the State of New York1. Richard Kuse of New City, NY2. Victor Kovner of the Fund for Modem Courts3. Douglas Higbee of Mamaroneck, NY4. Judith Herskowitz of Miami Beach, FL5. Peter Gonzalez of Troy, NY6. Andrea Wilkinson of Rensselaer, NY7. Maria Gkanios of Mahopac, NY8. Dominic Lieto of Mahopac, NY9. Regina Felton Esq of Brooklyn, NY10. Kathryn Malarkey of Purchase, NY11. Nora Renzuli, Esq. of Staten Island, NY12. Stephanie Klein of Long Beach, NY13. Ike Aruti of Rosedale, NY14. Terrence Finnan of Keene, NY15. Gizella Weisshaus, NY16. Eliot I. Bernstein of Boca Raton, FL17. Suzanne McCormick & Patrick Handley of NYThe Appellate Division of the Supreme Court is the entity that is legally responsible for enforcing the Rules of Professional Conduct governing the conduct of attorneys in New York State. The Appellate Division Departments have created grievance committees that are charged with the investigation of complaints against attorneys. Within the First Judicial Department the Departmental Disciplinary Committee of the Appellate Division investigates complaints against attorneys. The New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct was created by the State Constitution and is charged with investigating complaints against Judges and Justices of the Unified Court System.According to the 2009 Report of the Commission on Judicial Conduct, there were 1,923 complaints filed in 2008. Yet of these complaints only 262 were investigated and of those, 173 were dismissed. This hearing will examine the processes and procedures that are followed by the various agencies charged with the responsibility of enforcing the rules and regulations that must be followed by the Judiciary and the Bar in the State of New York. It will also evaluate public satisfaction with the disciplinary process.Whistleblower and Related CasesUnited States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit Docket 08-4873-cv - Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. - TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUITCases @ US District Court - Southern District NY( 07cv09599 ) Anderson v The State of New York, et al. - WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT( 07cv11196 ) Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.( 07cv11612 ) Esposito v The State of New York, et al.,( 08cv00526 ) Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.,( 08cv02391 ) McKeown v The State of New York, et al.,( 08cv02852 ) Galison v The State of New York, et al.,( 08cv03305 ) Carvel v The State of New York, et al., and,( 08cv4053 ) Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al.( 08cv4438 ) Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al.( 08 cv 6368 ) John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New York Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments MANHATTAN FED BANKRUPTCY JUDGE MARTIN GLENN UNDER FIRE FROM TRILLION DOLLAR IVIEWIT INVENTOR  ELIOT BERNSTEIN AS RELATED FEDERAL WHISTLEBLOWER CHRISTINE ANDERSON CALLS FOR FEDERAL SPECIAL PROSECUTOR.  PROSKAUER ROSE AND FOLEY & LARDNER ALSO DEFENDANTS IN TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUITSeptember 22nd, 2009 Press Release: MANHATTAN FED BANKRUPTCY JUDGE MARTIN GLENN UNDER FIRE FROM TRILLION DOLLAR IVIEWIT INVENTOR ELIOT BERNSTEIN AS RELATED FEDERAL WHISTLEBLOWER CHRISTINE ANDERSON CALLS FOR FEDERAL SPECIAL PROSECUTORFederal Judge Martin Glenn, Southern District of NY is under fire & request for investigation for Title 18 Obstruction of Justice & related charges by Inventor Eliot Bernstein of Iviewit TechnologiesFor_Immediate_Release: (Free-Press-Release.com) September 22, 2009 -Federal Bankruptcy Judge Martin Glenn ( Glenn ) of the Southern District of New York Bankruptcy Court ( SDNYBK ) Manhattan is under fire & request to be investigated for Title 18 Obstruction of Justice & related charges by Inventor Eliot I. Bernstein ( EIB ) an Inventor of Technologies deemed priceless by leading engineers at Real3d Inc ( R3D ) that were stolen & subject of a trillion dollar federal lawsuit. The requests by EIB come as a legally related Whistleblower Christine Anderson heads to public trial in Fed Court in Manhattan under Judge Shira A. Scheindlin & recently publicly called for a Fed Special Prosecutor regarding systemic corruption in the operation of the NYS Courts.EIB is the original inventor & owner of Technologies relating to video compression & scaling deemed priceless by leading engineers at R3D an Orlando, FL based company located on property owned by Lockheed Martin. R3D was owned together by Lockheed, the Intel Corporation & Silicon Graphics, Inc. ( SGI ), while EIBs technologies were tested & used in the R3D labs. Other leaders in the graphics industry heralded the technologies as the Holy Grail of the digital imaging & video including such industry figures as Hassan Miah formerly of the CAA Intel Labs.EIB a Claimant & Creditor of the SGI & related companies in the SDNYBK ( cases Jointly Administered under Docket No. 09-11701 ) after the holy grail inventions were stolen & fraudulent patent applications & wrongful actions & other occurred by major law firms & others as the Internet Market was booming in the late 90s including law firms Proskauer Rose and Foley & Lardner. SGI filed a second Ch. 11 bk application on Apr 1, 09 only 6 days after EIB filed a Formal SEC Complaint against the Intel announcing a Trillion Dollar possible accounting fraud, FASB No. 5 violations & more for the infringement of his technologies. The SEC complaint requested an examination of the sales transactions between Intel, SGI & Lockheed involving R3D & SGI In House General Counsel Elena Ramirez was on express notice of the EIB claims & SEC complaint on March 25, 2009, 6 days before SGI filed for its second Ch. 11 protection just months after coming out of bk & after announcing business articles painting a rosy picture for the company.On April 1, 2009 when SGI filed again in Ch. 11, the company simultaneously asked to employ the firm Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP ( DPW ) as Special Counsel & Ropes & Gray, LLP ( RG ). Ironically, DPW admitted to simultaneously representing Lockheed & SGI who are 2 of the 3 Equity owners of R3D that was under Signed NDA with the EIB technologies in addition to DPW representing accountants KPMG for SGI who assisted in the financials for the Ch. 11 filing. DPW attorney Kelly admitted in a Declaration to be an Inside Officer & Counsel for SGI & later outside counsel for SGI thru DPW for the critical years at the heart of the EIB thefts 1998-2004 & 2006 on. DPW also admitted to representing companies also under signed NDA for the Iviewit technologies such as CIBC, Credit Suisse & Morgan Stanley.Shockingly, Glenn deliberately & knowingly ignored multiple oral & written requests by EIB to address professional conflicts of interests caused by the simultaneous representation by DPW including the fact that RG as lawyers apparently are owners of highly technical patents in the video & digital arenas. EIB had formally noticed Glenn that a case marked legally related to his federal RICO & anti-trust & related lawsuit, that of Anderson a Court Inside WHISTLEBLOWER at the First Department DDC heading to public trial in federal court in October on allegations of systemic public office corruption & whitewashing of complaints against attorneys & had discussed the Iviewit technologies at the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department ( First Dept ) & also that Harry I. Moatz, Director of the OED of the United States Patent & Trademark Office ( USPTO ) had directed EIB to file Fraud charges against his former lawyers & law firms for FRAUD UPON THE USPTO, Bernstein, his companies & shareholders.EIB had filed professional complaints at the First Dept against attorneys at Proskauer, including Kenneth Rubenstein who was & is intimately involved as Counsel for the MPEGLA MPEG Patent Pool while simultaneously acting as Iviewit PATENT COUNSEL creating a massive conflict of interest as MPEGLA is now one of the largest alleged infringers of the stolen technologies. Yet all the complaints had been whitewashed which is part of the legal relation to the Anderson case where Anderson & others trying to come forward as Whistleblowers have been subject to physical assault, harassment & intimidation leading Anderson to publicly call for a Federal Special Prosecutor due to corruption in the NY Courts.Judge Glenn advised formally by EIB in writing of ongoing investigations & actions in the Iviewit saga including actions by Inspector General Glenn A. Fine of the Department of Justice ( DOJ ), the OPR of the FBI, & that US SDNY Judge Scheindlin had referred EIB & other related cases to seek intervention of the US Attorney and/or NY Attorney General all ignored by Glenn.The law firm DPW also under scrutiny for recruiting back to the firm former SEC head of Enforcement Linda Chatman Thomsen in April 2009 shortly after EIB filed the SEC Complaint against Intel & after Thomsen was ousted at the SEC for failures involving the $65 Billion Madoff scandal. EIB also noted this fact to Glenn, which now placed DPW close to both the center of the EIB Trillion dollar fraud inquiry & the $65 billion Madoff fraud. Proskauer is also at the heart of the EIB claims & likewise currently under fire as a result of Proskauer & Proskauer Partner Thomas V. Sjobloms involvement in the $8 Billion Ponzi involving Sir Robert Allen Stanford & Stanford Financial Group.EIB has recently filed papers with Glenn seeking mandatory disqualification & investigation of Glenn under Title 18 & other laws as a result of Glenns intentional failures to address conflicts as required by law allowing the DPW firm to form a wall of conflict & permitting the judicial office to be used as part of the machinery for RICO & related violations of due process. Amazingly, despite multiple requests & filings by EIB, Glenn recently issued an order not even discussing or mentioning such monumental conflicts of interest nor involvement of multiple federal offices in the EIB matters. EIBs request forwarded to various oversight & related bodies including the Judicial Council, the SDNY US Attorney, the DOJ & NY Attorney General Andrew Cuomo.According to Scheindlin, the legally related case of Anderson has validly stated claims for 1st Amendment violations for being terminated from her position of Staff Attorney at the First Dept after 6 years after speaking out about the systemic corruption & whitewashing of complaints against connected law firms.Attorney Raymond Joao of Yonkers who previously worked at Meltzer Lippe also named Defendant in the EIB Trillion dollar fed lawsuit as Joao allegedly put 90 plus patents into his name while retained by Iviewit companies & relating to inventions he was to patent for Bernstein. Joao went on to Marc Dreiers firms where Marc S. Dreier has recently plead guilty in fed court to multiple felonies re a $400 million plus Ponzi.EIBs case is currently on appeal at the US Second Circuit Court of Appeals where presently a motion is pending to address the multiple layers of conflict in the case according to law. Hundreds of companies under signed NDA with the Iviewit technologies including Fortune 1000 companies & major players like Verizon, Comcast, JP Morgan, AOL  Time Warner, Sony Digital Pictures, Warner Brothers, Kodak, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Telekom, CIBC & more. Action in another case involving lawsuits over IPOs with Internet companies going back to the year 2000 also pending with Scheindlin.EIB has formally petitioned for involvement of the White House, President Barack Obama, US AG Eric Holder, the US House & Senate Judiciary Committees, Senator Feinstein & others as the Iviewit Technologies are used across all Internet & Cable T.V. providers hosting video, on the Hubble Space Telescope, for a mass of defense applications, & in content creation for both hardware & software involving digital imaging & video scaling & compression, on medical imaging devices & more.Related links including Andersons public call for a Fed Special Prosecutor for the NY Courts belowWhistleblower Anderson calls for Special Prosecutor @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2009/09/ny-state-court-insider-calls-for.htmlNY Ethics Scandal tied to International Espionage & Satellite Communications Intercepts @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2008/04/ny-ethics-scandal-tied-to-international.htmlPictorial evidence of Car Bombing of EIB family car while Inventor & wife prepared US Supreme Court documents during Bush years @ http://www.iviewit.tvInventor EIB petitions the White House, President Obama & US AG Eric Holder @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090213%20FINAL%20SIGNED%20LETTER%20OBAMA%20TO%20ENJOIN%20US%20ATTORNEY%20FINGERED%20ORIGINAL%20MAIL%20l.pdfR3D - Wikipedia @ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real3DBernard Madoff SECs Revolving Door & Linda Chatman Thomsen returning to Davis Polk Wardell Apr 13, 09 after EIB files Emergency Motion in SGI BK after SEC complaint against Intel, R3D, Mar 25, 09 @ http://www.oid-ido.org/imprimer.php3?id_article=1030EIB SEC Complaint Intel, SGI, Lockheed & R3D @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090325%20FINAL%20Intel%20SEC%20Complaint%20SIGNED2073.pdfProskauer + Stanford @ http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2009/08/27/the-stanford-affair-another-bad-day-for-proskauers-tom-sjoblomiviewit , eliot bernstein , martin glenn , proskauer rose , foley , lardner , silicon graphics , intel###For more information:Eliot BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdingswww.iviewit.tvhttp://iviewit.tv/wordpressTags: Add new tag, allen stanford, barroway, bernard madoff, capital, copyright, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, patent, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, theft, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Iviewit Press Releases |   No Comments Federal Bankruptcy Judge Martin Glenn Under Fire From Trillion Dollar Iviewit Inventor Eliot Bernstein. Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner and Raymond Joao also implicated in Fed Lawsuit related to Whistleblower Christine C. Anderson  Read All About ItSeptember 21st, 2009 I VIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with VisionIviewit Press Release @ http://www.prlog.org/10349455-fed-bankruptcy-judge-martin-glenn-under-fire-from-trillion-dollar-iviewit-inventor-eliot-bernstein.htmlFederal Judge Martin Glenn, Southern District of NY is under fire & request for investigation for Title 18 Obstruction of Justice & related charges by Inventor Eliot Bernstein of Iviewit Technologies as Whistleblower Christine Anderson heads to trialFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEPRLog (Press Release)  Sep 21, 2009  Federal Bankruptcy Judge Martin Glenn ( Glenn ) of the Southern District of New York Bankruptcy Court ( SDNYBK ) Manhattan is under fire & request to be investigated for Title 18 Obstruction of Justice & related charges by Inventor Eliot I. Bernstein ( EIB ) an Inventor of Technologies deemed priceless by leading engineers at Real3d Inc ( R3D ) that were stolen & subject of a trillion dollar federal lawsuit. The requests by EIB come as a legally related Whistleblower Christine Anderson heads to public trial in Fed Court in Manhattan under Judge Shira A. Scheindlin & recently publicly called for a Fed Special Prosecutor regarding systemic corruption in the operation of the NYS Courts.EIB a Claimant & Creditor of the SGI & related companies in the SDNYBK ( cases Jointly Administered under Docket No. 09-11701 ) after the holy grail inventions were stolen & fraudulent patent applications & wrongful actions & other occurred by major law firms & others as the Internet Market was booming in the late 90s including law firms Proskauer Rose and Foley & Lardner. SGI filed a second Ch. 11 bk application on Apr 1, 09 only 6 days after EIB filed a Formal SEC Complaint against the Intel announcing a Trillion Dollar possible accounting fraud, FASB No. 5 violations & more for the infringement of his technologies. The SEC complaint requested an examination of the sales transactions between Intel, SGI & Lockheed involving R3D & SGI In House General Counsel Elena Ramirez was on express notice of the EIB claims & SEC complaint on March 25, 2009, 6 days before SGI filed for its second Ch. 11 protection just months after coming out of bk & after announcing business articles painting a rosy picture for the company. On April 1, 2009 when SGI filed again in Ch. 11, the company simultaneously asked to employ the firm Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP ( DPW ) as Special Counsel & Ropes & Gray, LLP ( RG ). Ironically, DPW admitted to simultaneously representing Lockheed & SGI who are 2 of the 3 Equity owners of R3D that was under Signed NDA with the EIB technologies in addition to DPW representing accountants KPMG for SGI who assisted in the financials for the Ch. 11 filing. DPW attorney Kelly admitted in a Declaration to be an Inside Officer & Counsel for SGI & later outside counsel for SGI thru DPW for the critical years at the heart of the EIB thefts 1998-2004 & 2006 on. DPW also admitted to representing companies also under signed NDA for the Iviewit technologies such as CIBC, Credit Suisse & Morgan Stanley.Shockingly, Glenn deliberately & knowingly ignored multiple oral & written requests by EIB to address professional conflicts of interests caused by the simultaneous representation by DPW including the fact that RG as lawyers apparently are owners of highly technical patents in the video & digital arenas. EIB had formally noticed Glenn that a case marked legally related to his federal RICO & anti-trust & related lawsuit, that of Anderson a Court Inside WHISTLEBLOWER at the First Department DDC heading to public trial in federal court in October on allegations of systemic public office corruption & whitewashing of complaints against attorneys & had discussed the Iviewit technologies at the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department ( First Dept ) & also that Harry I. Moatz, Director of the OED of the United States Patent & Trademark Office ( USPTO ) had directed EIB to file Fraud charges against his former lawyers & law firms for FRAUD UPON THE USPTO, Bernstein, his companies & shareholders.EIB had filed professional complaints at the First Dept against attorneys at Proskauer, including Kenneth Rubenstein who was & is intimately involved as Counsel for the MPEGLA MPEG Patent Pool while simultaneously acting as Iviewit PATENT COUNSEL creating a massive conflict of interest as MPEGLA is now one of the largest alleged infringers of the stolen technologies. Yet all the complaints had been whitewashed which is part of the legal relation to the Anderson case where Anderson & others trying to come forward as Whistleblowers have been subject to physical assault, harassment & intimidation leading Anderson to publicly call for a Federal Special Prosecutor due to corruption in the NY Courts.Judge Glenn advised formally by EIB in writing of ongoing investigations & actions in the Iviewit saga including actions by Inspector General Glenn A. Fine of the Department of Justice ( DOJ ), the OPR of the FBI, & that US SDNY Judge Scheindlin had referred EIB & other related cases to seek intervention of the US Attorney and/or NY Attorney General all ignored by Glenn.The law firm DPW also under scrutiny for recruiting back to the firm former SEC head of Enforcement Linda Chatman Thomsen in April 2009 shortly after EIB filed the SEC Complaint against Intel & after Thomsen was ousted at the SEC for failures involving the $65 Billion Madoff scandal. EIB also noted this fact to Glenn, which now placed DPW close to both the center of the EIB Trillion dollar fraud inquiry & the $65 billion Madoff fraud. Proskauer is also at the heart of the EIB claims & likewise currently under fire as a result of Proskauer & Proskauer Partner Thomas V. Sjobloms involvement in the $8 Billion Ponzi involving Sir Robert Allen Stanford & Stanford Financial Group.EIB has recently filed papers with Glenn seeking mandatory disqualification & investigation of Glenn under Title 18 & other laws as a result of Glenns intentional failures to address conflicts as required by law allowing the DPW firm to form a wall of conflict & permitting the judicial office to be used as part of the machinery for RICO & related violations of due process. Amazingly, despite multiple requests & filings by EIB, Glenn recently issued an order not even discussing or mentioning such monumental conflicts of interest nor involvement of multiple federal offices in the EIB matters. EIBs request forwarded to various oversight & related bodies including the Judicial Council, the SDNY US Attorney, the DOJ & NY Attorney General Andrew Cuomo.EIB has formally petitioned for involvement of the White House, President Barack Obama, US AG Eric Holder, the US House & Senate Judiciary Committees, Senator Feinstein & others as the Iviewit Technologies are used across all Internet & Cable T.V. providers hosting video, on the Hubble Space Telescope, for a mass of defense applications, & in content creation for both hardware & software involving digital imaging & video scaling & compression, on medical imaging devices & more.Whistleblower Anderson calls for Special Prosecutorhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2009/09/ny-state NY Ethics Scandal tied to International Espionage & Satellite Communications Interceptshttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2008/04/ny-ethic Pictorial evidence of Car Bombing of EIB family car while Inventor & wife prepared US Supreme Court documents during Bush yearshttp://www.iviewit.tvInventor EIB petitions the White House, President Obama & US AG Eric Holderhttp://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090213%20FINAL%20SIGNED%20LETTER%20OBAMA%20TO%20ENJOIN%20US%20ATTORNEY%20FINGERED%20ORIGINAL%20MAIL%20l.pdfR3D - Wikipediahttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real3DBernard Madoff SECs Revolving Door & Linda Chatman Thomsen returning to Davis Polk Wardell Apr 13, 09 after EIB files Emergency Motion in SGI BK after SEC complaint against Intel, R3D, Mar 25, 09http://www.oid-ido.org/imprimer.php3?id_article=1030EIB SEC Complaint Intel, SGI, Lockheed & R3Dhttp://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090325%20FINAL%20Intel%20SEC%20Complaint%20SIGNED2073.pdfProskauer + Stanfordhttp://blogs.wsj.com/law/2009/08/27/the-stanford-affair-another-bad-day-for-proskauers-tom-sjoblom# # #Iviewit and Eliot Bernstein are the original inventor & owner of Technologies relating to video compression & scaling deemed priceless by leading engineers at R3D an Orlando, FL based company located on property owned by Lockheed Martin. R3D was owned together by Lockheed, the Intel Corporation & Silicon Graphics, Inc. ( SGI ), while Iviewits technologies were tested & used in the R3D labs. Other leaders in the graphics industry heralded the technologies as the Holy Grail of the digital imaging & video including such industry figures as Hassan Miah formerly of the CAA Intel Labs. Hundreds of companies under signed NDA with the Iviewit technologies including Fortune 1000 companies & major players like Verizon, Comcast, JP Morgan, AOL  Time Warner, Sony Digital Pictures, Warner Brothers, Kodak, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Telekom, CIBC & more. Action in another case involving lawsuits over IPOs with Internet companies going back to the year 2000 also pending with Scheindlin.Issued By:Eliot Ivan Bernstein - IviewitEmail Contact:Click to email (Partial email = @iviewit.tv)Phone:(561) 245-8588Address:2753 NW 34th St:Boca Raton, FL 33434City/Town:Boca RatonState/Province:FloridaZip:33434Country:United StatesCategories:Technology, Computer, InternetTags:iviewit, eliot bernstein, martin glenn, proskauer, foley lardner, christine anderson, first department, scheindlinLast Updated:Sep 21, 2009Shortcut:www.prlog.org/10349455Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tv http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/http://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliot/I VIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Surf with VisionTags: allen stanford, barroway, bernard madoff, capital, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, ownership, patent, person, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, theft, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments In the Words of a Heroic Whistleblower - Christine C. Anderson Former NY Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department Tells of Corruption in Attorney Disciplinary Agency.  Fingers former Chief Counsel Thomas Cahill and Sherry Cohen of the First DepartmentSeptember 21st, 2009 Excerpt from Expose Corrupt Courts @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/CLICK HERE TO: Contact New York State Senator John L. Sampson TODAY !Contact the New York State Senate Judiciary Committee TODAY!CLICK HERE TO SEE TRANSCRIPT OF JUNE 8, 2009 NYS SENATE ETHICS HEARING2nd Hearing on NY Ethics Corruption set for Thursday, September 24, 2009 (CLICK HERE)See Video of Senator John L. Sampsons 1st Hearing on Court Ethics CorruptionCLICK HERE TO SEE Part 1CLICK HERE TO SEE Part 2The Next Ethics Corruption Hearing will be in NYC on Thursday, September 24th !! The June 8, 2009 hearing is on two videos:Monday, September 21, 2009NY State Court Insider Calls For Federal ProsecutorChristine C. AndersonAttorney at Law227 Riverside Drive, Ste. 2NNew York, New York 10025Posted by Corrupt Courts Administrator at 7:32 AM September 13, 2009 (via Confirmed Overnight Delivery)The Hon. Eric H. Holder, Jr.Attorney General of the United StatesOffice of the Attorney GeneralUnited States Department of Justice950 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.Washington, D.C. 20530-0001 The Hon. Preet BhararaUnited States Attorney for the Southern District of New YorkUnited States Department of JusticeOne St. Andrews PlazaNew York, New York 10007Hon. William M. Welch IIChief, Public Integrity UnitUnited States Department of Justice950 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.Washington, D.C. 20530-0001The Hon. John L. Sampson,ChairmanNew York State Senate Judiciary Committee409 Legislative Office BuildingAlbany, NY 12247Re: Request for Federal Investigation Into Allegations of Corruption andWitness Intimidation and Appointment of Federal MonitorGentlemen:My name is Christine C. Anderson. For six and one-half years, I was a Principal Attorney of the New York State Appellate Division, First Departments Departmental Disciplinary Committee (the DDC). The DDC is responsible for investigating and disciplining attorneys found guilty of misconduct in representing the public in the Bronx and Manhattan. After discovering and reporting of acts of misconduct and corruption at the DDC, which acts constituted an abuse of power and a fraud upon the public, my employment was summarily terminated in June, 2007.Prior to my employment with the DDC, I was in private practice for over twenty years. Before that, I worked for the Human Resources Administration of New York City. In other words, I am a thoroughly seasoned attorney, with a broad based knowledge of general practice.As a result of my wrongful termination in retaliation for my reporting misconduct in violation of my First Amendment rights, I instituted a lawsuit captioned Anderson v. State of New York, et al., 07 Civ. 9599 (S.D.N.Y. 2007). (A copy of my complaint in this action is attached hereto as Exhibit A.) Specifically, I discovered and reported that employees of the DDC had engaged in, inter alia, the whitewashing complaints of misconduct leveled against certain select attorneys and law firms. This whitewashing sometimes involved burying cases or destroying evidence, so that certain complaints were inevitably, unavoidably, dismissed. I witnessed this destruction of evidence myself. Other reported misconduct involves victimizing attorneys lacking privileged positions or connections.Although the then Chief Counsel of the DDC, Thomas Cahill, stepped down in 2007, evidence clearly establishes that under the leadership of Alan Friedberg, the current Chief Counsel, the same practice of corruption and whitewashing of complaints continues. Such practice robs the public of any hope at justice; it also works to the detriment of the very public the DDC is duty-bound to serve.During the course of my litigation against the DDC, a former colleague of mine, who still works as a Principal Attorney at the DDC, agreed to testify on my behalf at a deposition. This former colleague, Nicole Corrado, has been employed by the DDC for approximately eight years, prior to which she worked as a prosecutor for New York State. On the morning of her deposition, however, while en route to her deposition, Ms. Corrado was approached on the street by a supervisor at the DDC, who threatened and intimidated her with respect to her upcoming deposition testimony. Although terribly shaken, Ms. Corrado nonetheless sat for her deposition and testified truthfully. Following her deposition, however, Ms. Corrado has been subjected to further harassment and intimidation at the hands of the DDC. She has been forced to take a leave of absence as a result.On June 8, 2009, I testified at a hearing convened by John L. Sampson, New York State Senator and Chairman of the New York State Standing Committee On The Judiciary. (A copy of my affidavit submitted to the Committee is attached hereto as Exhibit B.) At that hearing, several witnesses testified as to their shocking experiences with the grievance and judiciary committees in New York State. Shockingly, within days of my testimony, in my lawsuit, my sealed medical and psychiatric records were filed and posted publicly on the courts Internet filing system by counsel for the defendants  i.e., the New York State Attorney Generals Office. I regard those actions as horrifically unethical and malicious, and taken in deliberate retaliation for my testifying at the Senate hearing.The detailed testimony presented by innumerable witnesses at the June 8th Senate hearing reveals the manifold reports of corruption and abuse by the States Disciplinary Committees. (A copy of the transcript of this hearing is attached hereto as Exhibit C.) Charges included concealment of evidence, obstruction of justice, extortionate sexual threats by attorneys, pilfering of estates by attorneys, abuse of power, fraud, conspiracy and repeated violations of state and federal constitutional rights.In light of the foregoing, it is plain that the enduring practice of allowing attorneys in this state to police themselves is fundamentally flawed. With the numerous reports of abuse by both attorneys and state officials, the corruption in the court system has reached a critical stage. Accordingly, I respectfully request that you authorize the appointment of a Special Prosecutor to investigate the epidemic of honest services fraud in the New York state court system, and the appointment of a Federal Monitor, to oversee the lawful operation of the same.Thank you for your time and attention. I look forward to your response.Very truly yours,Christine C. Andersoncc w/o enc: The Hon. David A. PatersonNew York State GovernorOffice of the Governor of New York StateState CapitolAlbany, New York 12224The Hon. Boyd M. Johnson IIIDeputy United States Attorney for theSouthern District of New YorkPublic Corruption UnitUnited States Department of JusticeOne St. Andrews PlazaNew York, New York 10007The Hon. Loretta A. PreskaChief U.S. District JudgeUnited States CourthouseSouthern District of New York500 Pearl StreetNew York, New York 10007-1312The Hon. Andrew M. CuomoNew York State Attorney GeneralOffice of the Attorney General of New York StateThe CapitolAlbany, New York 12224-0341The Hon. Luis A. GonzalezPresiding Justice, New York State Appellate Division,1st Department27 Madison AvenueNew York, New York 10010The Hon. Joseph M. Demarest, Jr.Assistant Director in Charge, New York Division26 Federal Plaza, 23rd FloorNew York, New York 10278-000422 comments:bronx born, black robe wearing, person said Its about time. Where do I sign up to talk.September 21, 2009 7:46 AM Anonymous said these bastards torture this woman, a woman with morals & character and guided by the light and then you post her psychiatric records, you bastards burn in hellby the way, that is the way they work Christine, if they can not find your psychiatric problems, they make them up and pass them aroundand my FEDS have done nothing about it..why, because it will involve to many, maybe ex us attorneys, lawyers, maybe a senator, his prostitue, etc..who should all be arrested!!!!!!!!!!!the evil always hits hardest before a victory!we will keep praying for Christine Anderson!September 21, 2009 8:27 AM Anonymous said hey Christine, I notified my AG office that they are passing around false medical information,I have names, dates, etc..If you need me, contact Frankand many other Felonies!..buttbusterSeptember 21, 2009 8:33 AM Anonymous said My wife works for OCA. She wants to talk to the feds but is afraid of the state employees. What should she do?September 21, 2009 8:35 AM Anonymous said my FBI is also aware they are passing around false documents, false medical information, altering my medical information,so I am not allowed to speak as to the felonies they are committing..good try boys, we can not find her psych rider, we will just write it on the top of this paperyou didnt know I was almost dead,recovering from major surgery and one of the worst types of misdiagnosed adenomas known..where did all that paperwork go?we will just change all this so she will not be allowed to speak!bunch of backstabbing, bloodsucking bastards burn in hellSeptember 21, 2009 8:42 AM Anonymous said I am sure someone will respond to the question about wife works for OCA and who should she talk to shortly,September 21, 2009 9:11 AM Anonymous said when is resonsible parties at the AG office going to be arrested?hey FEDS, bring handcuffs to the hearings,throw these bastards in jailSeptember 21, 2009 9:13 AM Anonymous said hey Maziarz where is the transparency you so greatly claim you want, so what channel and what time will these criminals be televised on Thursday?September 21, 2009 9:16 AM Anonymous said maybe Christine and Nicole need to file at the FBI/DAs/us attorney office and have them arrested, use the law to stop their abuse!September 21, 2009 9:33 AM Anonymous said Sampson has enough information from the June hearings to warrant a federal investigationso why he is he seeking anything additionalhis continued actions are suspect. What has he promised will be his recommendation when he concludes his public airing of MULTIPLE incidences of corruption?Ms Anderson is absolutley correct in reporting the retaliation BY OCAagainst anyone who supports her as well as against herslf.In my present federal lawsuit my 3 witnesses have been fired after sick leave, fired in general and one forced to quit. OCAS witnessess spewing perjury have all been promotedsoon after.including the hearing officer who is now the executive director of the 5th judicial district.In my original federal case against OCA n the 90s (which this present case is an offshoot of) I was forced to go to a psychiatrist in order to claim workers comp benefits. The judge whom I accused of sexual harassment his attywent to a supreme ct judge to seek opening the psychiatric records to the public..because OCA paid for the visits through comp.and that WAS granted.Once I became aware of this court order..all my visits reported stories and information about the hostile female court employees and the crimes committed by OCA. The atty found that information unpublishable, so he requested an exam by a forensic psychiatrist.which supreme ct said NO to. So this atty was friends with the state ins fund lawyer handling my comp case and he went through him. That slick move ended with the state paid doctor finding on my behalf entirely.and him stating to meOCA IS SCREWING WITH YOU.I hope you get millions. OCA paid him for those reportsthat remain hidden somehwhere at the 8th district offices.As I am now forced to fight them again in federal court due to continued retaliationthe crimes and witness retaliaton has become more agressive and criminal as I have reported on this blog for 3 years.Ms Andersonyou are not alone as OCA has become a total syndicate of crime and corruption. I await a response to your lettersas I can and will substantiate everything you have stated the NY court system is guilty ofrelative to major criminal activity against anyone who dares to expose their illegal activities.September 21, 2009 10:39 AM Anonymous said evil hits hardest before a VICTORY!know that you are guided with faith and grace.September 21, 2009 10:40 AM Anonymous said this explains everything they did many years ago, keep passing around your false information,it is called a FELONY!and proves who you bastards are!Is that 8 years for lying to a FED, wouldnt want those public officials in jail for 8 years.explains why the FEDS have not arrested them!Get them ST ChristineST Nicole!September 21, 2009 10:47 AM Anonymous said Wheres Cuomo? His lawyers defend these crooks in Federal and State Court actions. Cuomo knows; he doesnt act. An opportunity for Paterson to ask why Cuomo doesnt prosecute corruption, but only defends the corrupt.September 21, 2009 11:31 AM Anonymous said maybe they will send their friends over to masturbate, or have your neighbors file false police reports, screw with your property so you have to file and delete your records, how about banging and clanging everytime you step in your yardjust to try to nail you again, as they did me.your DA will do nothing to charge them, the paperwork will disappearthey will try anything to discredit youkeep your couragebut most of all thank you for your strength and honesty of the evil that exists in our courts system!September 21, 2009 11:40 AM Anonymous said OCA is directed by their counsels officethe office that creates the crime and retaliation actions to be carried out against those OCA wishes to defame who move to expose themas they portray them s crazy or mentally unstable. The information maybe doctored and most often extracted from the hostile and mentally challenged females that work for OCA!I of course know this from 15 yrs ago and the story I told you above gathered from information from close supervisory sources, oh yesthe CJC and lawyers close to OCA administration.all willing to tell on them. Sorry OCA you just cannot know and attack everyone I have contact with in the legal community.I also got a heads up about the insanity defamation in my 2004 OIG investigation that I requested relative to OCA retaliation. An employee. who eventually turned on me..oh this should make for an interesting trialwhispered in my ear the day the hearing was to begin.. that my supervisor and friend of the removed judge and heavy politico daughter of a major judicial influential political party.. told her that her goal was to make me appear crazy. This was the same remark made by the atty for the ex-judge in the 90s.and this lady supervisor worked for as a secretary for 11 yrs and is connected politically to the supreme court judge that is the first cousin of the ex-judges atty.The court system thrives on inflammatory statementstrue or altered. and dares you to prove otherwise.Ms. Andersonyou must get information personal and work related that reflects workplace unfitness and incompetency like drug habits, alcohol use at work and driving to or from work in that state,sleeping with hearing officers that rule AGAINST OCA, stolen property in the purchasing of hot goods etcabout the employees/supervisors that are attacking you and submit them in affidavit formunder penalties of perjury. Dont be shythey want to ruin your life!September 21, 2009 11:52 AM Anonymous said go to their enemies, tell their enemies, that is a start and then systematically prove what immoral and corrupt character they have!they will use the ilk of the world to discredit you and behind your back, prove what they are, because the only thing that will tell such lies about another human being is a prostitute! Remember you are dealing with prostitutes who enjoy torturing another human being.Walk in the Light, You are of the Light!September 21, 2009 1:09 PM Anonymous said go to their enemies, tell their enemies, that is a start and then systematically prove what immoral and corrupt character they have!they will use the ilk of the world to discredit you and behind your back, prove what they are, because the only thing that will tell such lies about another human being is a prostitute! Remember you are dealing with prostitutes who enjoy torturing another human being.Walk in the Light, You are of the Light!September 21, 2009 1:09 PM Anonymous said well if they can say your fat, your a slut, your stupid, they have to use the your crazy tacticnice try you bunch of prostitutes of our New York State Court System!September 21, 2009 1:16 PM Anonymous said Christine and Nicole you should thank the AG for putting those records on the net, you have just proved the crudibility of the AG Office, it is not to protect and serve, it is to selectively persecute.great work by the AGs Office!does ST Andrew, really want to be Governor?September 21, 2009 1:29 PM Anonymous said maybe Guilaini did it!see you can not trust any of them when money is involvedstop the money trailexpose the complaints!September 21, 2009 1:46 PM Anonymous said Sure that the FBI knows a great many things, but when are they going to do something? Have seen this before with the FBI and nothing happens because of some elected official.September 21, 2009 2:21 PM Luisa said GREAT LETTER CHRISTINEI just mailed out a similar letter this morning to to same individuals..Lets PRAY that something happens very soon..God Bless..Itt time to ROCK the HOUSE!!!!Lock up all of the THUGS that are responsible and throw away the KEY!!!!Stay Strong.September 21, 2009 3:42 PMTags: barroway, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, patent, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Uncategorized |   No Comments New York Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing, June 08, 2009.  Testimony from Whistleblower Christine C. Anderson of the NY Supreme Court of Public Office Corruption, Thomas Cahill & Sherry Cohen of the First Dept fingered.September 19th, 2009 Part 1 The Case All Starts with A Whistleblower Complaint and Iviewit is Marked Legally Related by Judge Shira A. Scheindlin to that Case. In the following video of a June 08, 2009 Judiciary Committee Hearing in New York, Christine C. Anderson (my hero) gives the real jiggy on the NYS Court Corruptions, she is first to testify. In her Original Complaint she mentions Iviewit and the Onion Peels and there goes another.INDEX OF SPEAKERS6:45 Martin Gold, Alan Friedberg (DDC)32:00 Christine Anderson (whistleblower)49:00 Kevin Mckeowen (victim of DDC)1:4:00 Tembeckjian Klonic (CJC)1:21:00 Judge Hart (target of (CJC)1:39:00 Pamela Carvel (victim of DDC)150:00 Paul Altman (victim of DDC)2:03:00 Luisa Esposito (victim of DDC)2:12::00 Will Galison (victim of DDC)2:26 Elanor Capagrossa (target of DDC)2:41 Bob Ostertag (Former pres. NYBA) - This guy opens by stating that he is going to give the f finger to Will Galison who just completed riviting testimony of the rampant corruption in the courts. Nice display of legal etiquette and manners in a public hearing, the frieghtening part of the story is that he is so angry he is being tapped in a public forum at a Public Hearing. Looney Tunes material.2:53 John Aretakis (target of DDC)Eliot Bernstein was slated to testify but the entire hearing was cancelled after a two hour break took place and the now infamous Coup on the NY Senate took place, just in time to shut down and prevent the most riviting testimony against the criminals running the courts was to be given. Urban Legend has it that the Coup was directed at preventing further information on the depth of the corruption from exposure, especially Bernsteins testimony.PART 2Tags: First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, marc dreier, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, proskauer, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, theft, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Iviewit Current Events |   No Comments Iviewit Motion to Compel US Second Circuit (Circus) Court to Follow Law.  Allen Stanford, Bernard Madoff, Marc S. Dreier links to Iviewit via Proskauer Rose and Foley and Lardner implicated in Trillion Dollar Suit.  Citizen Arrest of Judge Ralph Winter & Clerk Catherine OHagan Wolfe.September 19th, 2009 08-4873-CVUnited States Court of Appeal for the Second CircuitEliot Ivan BernsteinPlaintiff  Appellantv Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee et al.Defendants  AppelleesON APPEAL FROM THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURTFOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK CASE 07 Civ. 11196 (SAS)Related Case(07 Civ. 9599) (SAS-AJP) Christine C. Anderson v. the State of New York, et al. Cases seeking or related to anderson(07cv11612) Esposito v The State of New York, et al.(08cv00526) Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al. (08cv02391) McKeown v The State of New York, et al.(08cv02852) Galison v The State of New York, et al.(08cv03305) Carvel v The State of New York, et al.(08cv4053) Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al. (08cv4438) Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al.EMERGENCY Motion to compelHALT PROCEEDING PENDING CONFLICT RESOLUTION AND OVERSIGHT. REMOVE THE APPEARANCE OF IMPROPRIETY IN THIS COURT THROUGH CESSATION OF VIOLATIONS OF JUDICIAL CANNONS, ATTORNEY CONDUCT CODES, PUBLIC OFFICE RULES AND REGULATIONS AND LAW.RESTORE ORDER TO THIS COURT!ELIOT IVAN BERNSTEIN, PRO SE2753 N.W. 34TH STREETBOCA RATON, FLORIDA 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o) / (561) 886.7628 (c) / (561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tv / www.iviewit.tv TABLE OF CONTENTS  EMERGENCY MOTION TO COMPELDeclaration of inventor eliot ivan bernstein.. 4Scheindlin Finds SYSTEMIC Public OFFICE Corruption in the LEGALLY RELATED WHISTLEBLOWER Lawsuit slated for trial.. 9Judge Winters Denial of Stay to join u.s. government officials ACTS AS title 18 obstruction 14Scheindlin Flawed Dismissal & Failure to Remove & REPORT MISCONDUCT & CONFLICT. this courts failure to resolve conflicts as Cause for Title 18 Obstruction Charges. 17Relation of DEFENDANTS to Ponzi Schemes OF MADOFF, Stanford, dreier, okun & the markit group holding antitrust INVESTIGATION.. 23Defendants Proskauer, Foley and Meltzers DIRECT involvement in the Stanford, Madoff, Dreier & Okun Financial Frauds. 27defendant client frauds. 37enron / arthur andersen scandal ties to defendants in these matters. 42Examples of Un-resolved Conflicts of interest that act to obstruct Justice through continued Violations of judicial cannons, attorney conduct codes, public office rules & Regulations and law 48Defendants Proskauer & First Dept Conflicts. 48Defendants Meltzer, Joao and Dreier Conflicts. 56Defendant Foleys Conflicts and the Virginia Attorney General Conflicts with Foley that Conflict the Virginia Attorney General from further Representation of Defendants. 59Former IP Counsel to Plaintiff Greenberg Traurig Conflict Representing Florida Bar and Florida Supreme Court 64Defendant New York Attorney General Conflicts Create Obstruction of Justice and Conflict discovered with Defendant NYAG being Represented by Defendant Proskauer. 66This Court & USDC Conflicts Acting to Deny Plaintiff Due Process through Obstruction of Justice 71Violations of Judicial Cannons, Attorney Conduct Codes and Law.. 76Violations of US Code Title 18. 85Violations of Attorney Conduct Codes citing New York Attorney Conduct Codes. 94New York First Department Rules. 104New York Lawyers Code of Professional Responsibility.. 105TO BE FILED COMPLAINTS. 123PRIOR FIRST DEPT COMPLAINTS NOT RESOLVED BY DUE PROCESS AND MIRED IN CONFLICT AND FURTHER VIOLATIONS OF PUBLIC OFFICE RULES AND REGULATIONS. 130REMOVAL OF quasi Plaintiff P. STEPHEN LAMONT from these proceedings and all related matters and reporting his actions before this court and more to the proper authorities 135Oversight Sought TO REVIEW THE VIOLATIONS OF THIS COURT PERTAINING TO VIOLATIONS OF Judicial cannons, attorney conduct codes, public office rules & Regulations and law 139Halt Case Pending Oversight Review 147CITIZENs ARREST  FREEZE & SURRENDER TO AUTHORITIES. 150PRAYER FOR RELIEF.. 152CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE.. 161Declaration of inventor eliot ivan bernsteinAs this Court is aware, a formal Motion to address multiple Conflict(s) of Interest ( COI ) in Violation of Judicial Cannons ( JC ), Attorney Conduct Codes ( ACC ), Public Office Rules & Regulations ( PORR ) and Law within this Lawsuit and the prior courts, was filed by myself, Eliot Ivan Bernstein ( Appellant or Plaintiff ), on Jan. 31, 2009[1]. The Motion referred to the Panel hearing the Appeal on Feb. 18, 2009[2]. Yet, multiple levels of COI and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law prevail in this Court, creating Obstruction of Justice and are continuing Illegal acts that are Prejudicial to Plaintiffs Due Process rights. The Conflicts now include the conduct of United State Court of Appeals Second Circuit ( USCA ) Judge, the Honorable Ralph K. Winter, Jr. ( Winter ), in denying a prior Motion for an Extension of Time and Stay pending formal appearance and involvement by the Office of the United States Attorney General ( USAG ) and involvement of the United States as Petitioned by Plaintiff[3]. Denial by Judge Winter coming after United States District Court Southern District of New York ( USDC ) Judge, the Honorable Shira A. Scheindlin ( Scheindlin ), Sua Sponte without notice dismissed my Lawsuit and six other Lawsuits. Lawsuits which Scheindlin previously marked Legally Related to the Whistleblower Federal Lawsuit of Christine C. Anderson, 07cv09599 Anderson v The State of New York ( Anderson ), incorporated in entirety by reference herein. In the Dismissal Order[4] of August 8, 2008 of the Legally Related Lawsuits, Scheindlin suggests the Legally Related Lawsuits seek intervention by the Supreme Court of the United States, the appropriate USAG and the New York Attorney General ( NYAG ) stating:As discussed below, the United States Constitution does not permit this Court to supervise the departmental disciplinary committees or review the decisions of the courts of New York State. Regardless of the possibility of corruption in the courts of the State of New York, the only federal court that may review their decisions is the United States Supreme Court[5]. Plaintiffs must direct their complaints to the state court system, the Attorney General for the State of New York, or the appropriate United States Attorney. Because the Court lacks jurisdiction to review the decisions of the departmental disciplinary committees, and for the other reasons stated below, these actions are dismissed. [ORDER August 08, 2008]Plaintiff reminds this Court of the logical inconsistencies in the Scheindlin Dismissal Order as set out in prior motions and Appellants Brief to this Court on Appeal, in Scheindlins simultaneously recommending action to an appropriate USAG and the NYAG while finding that the USDC has no jurisdiction and that Plaintiff cannot state claims upon which relief may be granted. Plaintiff agrees that action by the appropriate Non-Conflicted USAG and Non-Conflicted NYAG is proper but disputes the Scheindlin finding that the USDC has no jurisdiction to grant relief. Plaintiff further disputes the finding that no claims warrant relief by a federal court as the underlying Intellectual Property rights, anti-trust actions, anti-competitive schemes, and ongoing RICO conspiracy and claims of Fraud on US Government Agencies and Foreign Nations all involve federal questions sufficient for original federal jurisdiction by the United States District Court. Plaintiff hereby now renews and reargues the prior Motions submitted to this Court and the USDC regarding COI[6] through this Motion to Compel. Plaintiff seeks to compel this Court to address and remove the COIs and all existing Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law, IMMEDIATELY AND PRIOR to further Adjudication on Appeal as required by LAW, prior to any other substantive rulings or decisions. The continuing failure to remove such conflicts not only acts as further Obstruction of Justice and due process violations but also impermissibly violates Plaintiffs due process rights under Civil Settlement programs and policies of the US Courts. Plaintiff now requests a Stay of Proceedings on Appeal, until official involvement on behalf of the United States by the appropriate USAG, the NYAG, the Supreme Court and the US Department of Justice (DOJ) can intervene. Intervention is sought not only to join the Lawsuit on behalf of the US Governments interests but also additionally to review the actions of this Court and the Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials representing Defendants to address Criminal activities and/or determine if same are taking place in these Proceedings through Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law. The COI now includes this Courts own Violations of JC, ACC and Law, which would preclude further rulings, decisions or any other action by this Court until all COI and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law are removed. If necessary, Conflict resolution requested herein may force certain of this Courts Justices and Court Personnel recusals and possible transfer of the Proceedings to a Non-Conflicted court. Also, prior Motions Decided and Rulings issued by this Court and the USDC issued based on Pleadings submitted in COI and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law would need to be vacated and those responsible for the Fraud on the Court Criminally Charged and proceedings returned to proper procedural status pre-Dismissal. At the time of the filing of the prior Motion for Extension and this Courts decision to deny a stay pending official appearance by the DOJ, the United States had recently underwent a change in Administration with incoming President, Barack Hussein Obama II, sworn into office in January of 2009, only one month prior. At the time of the prior Motion for Extension, the new Administration had appointed no Solicitor General. Subsequently, on March 19, 2009, The Honorable Elena Kagan appointed as Solicitor General within the DOJ and this Court should Stay matters on Appeal pending her involvement and/or the involvement of the Office of Solicitor General on behalf of the United States. This Court should further undertake its Legal Obligation to seek involvement of the US Solicitor General and all other appropriate State, Federal and International Authorities, including those mentioned herein, on its own motion.This Court is fully aware that it has Legal and Ethical Duties and Obligations under Law to address and/or negate and report all COI, all Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law and further notify all State, Federal, Disciplinary and other Appropriate Authorities of the Violations. The Court has Legal Obligation to negate COI and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law, PRIOR to adjudicating matters. Plaintiff has formally Petitioned the Court to perform its Legal and Ethical Duties and Obligations regarding Conflict Disclosure and this Court has failed Disclosure despite repeated formal and procedural Conflict Disclosure requests by Pro Se Counsel Bernstein, continuing to act in Violation of its Rules, JC, ACC, PORR and Law. For this Court to fail these Legal Obligations to follow the Courts own Rules, is to allow the COI and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law, to create a virtually impenetrable Obstruction of Justice through Conflict. Obstruction achieved by Conflict which becomes part of a FRAUD ON THE COURT[7] by those in charge of the Court, acting to further deny Plaintiff Due Process rights and further Aiding and Abetting the very real Legal RICO Conspiracy Crimes Alleged by Plaintiff before this Court.Scheindlin Finds SYSTEMIC Public OFFICE Corruption in the LEGALLY RELATED WHISTLEBLOWER Lawsuit slated for trialIn the April 27, 2009 Decision and Order[8] by Scheindlin, in the Legally Related Lawsuit of Anderson, Scheindlin formally judicially declared the validity of the Anderson Lawsuit as a WHISTLEBLOWER. Scheindlin advancing the case on allegations of Systemic Public Office Corruption within the New York Supreme Court involving agencies directly implicated in Plaintiff-Appellants case herein and directly involving the conduct of several major law firms named as Defendants herein. Public Office Corruption at the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department (First Dept) and the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department ~ Departmental Disciplinary Committee ( DDC ) is center stage in Judge Scheindlins Decision advancing the Anderson Lawsuit to Trial. The First Dept and First Dept DDC are among the various offices where disciplinary complaints in Plaintiffs matters were filed involving the Defendant Law Firms Proskauer, Meltzer, Foley and Others, all directly at issue in this Lawsuit and many Self-Representing themselves in further Violations of ACC, PORR and Law before this Court. Note that the original complaint[9] filed in the Anderson Lawsuit expressly raised the Iviewit matters as relating to the Systemic Public Office Corruption that was ongoing in the First Dept and First Dept DDC. The flawed USDC Dismissal Order in this Lawsuit occurred prior to the recent finding of Systemic Public Office Corruption in Anderson and wrongfully stated that Plaintiff Bernstein had not stated claims upon which federal relief are available while such Dismissal improperly denied Plaintiff Discovery, Due Process and evidentiary related rights to the Anderson evidence and information. Due to the continued Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law acting to Obstruct Justice, as corroborated by Anderson, and, the continued and affirmed COI and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law continuing in this Court, Plaintiff now demands this Court to issue Orders for IMMEDIATE enforcement of COI Rules, JC, ACC, PORR and Law and resolution of conflicts. Such Court Order shall mandate FULL CONFLICT DISCLOSURE applicable to all Court Justices, Court Personnel, Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials that represent this Lawsuit on behalf of the Court and Counsel for Defendants and forcing compliance with all JC, ACC, PORR and Law. The minute there was correlation to Andersons allegations with Plaintiffs allegations, it is almost impossible to imagine that the Court and USDC did not mandate thorough Conflict Checks of everyone involved in representing the Lawsuit in any Legal Capacity. Yet, even after repeated requests by Plaintiff to this Court and the USDC, these pleas for a Conflict free forum, went wholly ignored. In the wake of Andersons supporting claims of Systemic Public Office Corruption for FAVORED Lawyers and Law Firms, Aided and Abetted by New York Supreme Court Officials and Disciplinary Agencies by Public Office Lawyers and others, there is now Absolute Evidence of the corruption. Evidence from an insider, as Anderson was a Staff Attorney for the First Department Discipline Committee for six years. Evidence of Obstruction by Anderson necessitates the need IMMEDIATELY to protect against further corruption within the Courts, preventing further crimes from being committed on behalf of the Favored Law Firms and Lawyers in the courts and reducing the number of new defendants. Allegations of Obstruction in Plaintiffs complaints, prior to Plaintiff learning of Anderson, are almost identical to the Criminal Obstruction exposed by Anderson and act as further cause to Reinvestigate all prior Lawsuits and Disciplinary Complaints filed by Plaintiff in the New York Courts and Disciplinary Departments. Anyone involved in Plaintiffs prior Disciplinary Complaints at the First Dept and First Dept DDC would be CONFLICTED from acting in any Legal Capacity in these Proceedings, for example Defendants Proskauer, Foley and Meltzer. Several Public Officials named in Andersons complaint are simultaneously Defendants and Witnesses in Plaintiffs Lawsuit. For example, Defendant Catherine OHagan Wolfe (Wolfe), former clerk of the court for Defendant First Dept and now Clerk of this Court, named in Anderson and this Lawsuit as a Defendant making Wolfes direct involvement in the handling of these matters for this Court CONFLICTED.Wolfe, an initial Defendant in Anderson, will now be a Witness for Anderson and simultaneously a Witness and Defendant in this Lawsuit, creating a massive CONFLICT with her involvement as Clerk of this Court and therefore this Court. Until this Court and Wolfes Conflicts are resolved through full Disclosure leading to either Conflict resolution and/or Conflict removal, the Conflict acts to Obstruct Justice in this Court, causing new Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law, denying Due Process rights of Plaintiff and cause for Criminal Obstructions charges. Wolfes deposition statements are cited on multiple occasions in Scheindlins Opinion and Order denying Summary Judgment in the Anderson Lawsuit, dated April 27 2009, whereby Scheindlin[10] stated, Plaintiffs [ Andersons ] First Amendment Retaliation Claims remain, Retaliation while Anderson should have been protected as a Whistleblower. Anderson testified recently before the New York Senate Judiciary Committee on June 08, 2009[11], in Albany New York and her testimony describes multiple acts of State and Federal Crimes, including Fraud on the Courts through Obstruction of Justice caused by State Officials violating ACC, PORR and Law. As Anderson describes, Court and Public Office Officials achieved Obstruction through Coercion, Threats and Intimidation to attempt to force her to Whitewash complaints against Favored Law Firms and Lawyers. From Andersons riveting testimony at the hearings, she claims,I alleged that upon learning of the DDCs pattern and practice of whitewashing and routinely dismissing complaints leveled against certain select attorneys  to the detriment of the public that the DDC is duty-bound to serve  I reported this wrongdoing pursuant to my rights under the First Amendment to the United States constitution and, importantly, my own ethical obligations under the New York State Code of Professional ResponsibilityIn response, however, rather than attempting to address and rectify the problem, my supervisors embarked upon a campaign of abuse and harassment of myself, including a physical assault on myself[12]This intimidation of Anderson by Public Office Officials was to preclude her from exposing the ongoing Corruption at the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department and First Department Disciplinary Committee, Corruption that included document destruction, changes to staff attorney reports, physical assault and wrongful termination for her attempts to expose the Crimes of her superiors, including Cahill. Plaintiff Bernstein was slated to testify at the New York Senate Judiciary Committee hearings with Anderson, when suddenly, in the midst of the hearings, the now infamous Albany Coup on the NY Senate occurred on June 08, 2009. The Albany Coup took place approximately 10 minutes before Plaintiff was to testify about the enormous Systemic Public Office Corruption alleged herein and in the Amended Complaint in support of Andersons testimony. The Albany Coup then forced the shut down of the lights in the building, the cell and Internet communications, and finally, after waiting two hours, cancellation of the hearings. There are several theories as to orchestration and timing of the Albany Coup. One such theory holds that the coup was orchestrated directly to preclude Plaintiff Bernstein from testifying at the Judiciary Committee hearing that was simultaneously ongoing in the Albany Capital building regarding allegations that Law Firms and Lawyers are Stealing Intellectual Properties from Inventors / Clients by committing Frauds Upon the US Patent Office, Worldwide Patent Offices and more. The testimony would have then gone on to include the attempted Cover-Up of the Crimes through Violations of Public Offices, by the same Law Firms and Lawyers that committed the Original Crimes, several of whom were at the hearing[13], several Self-Representing themselves before this Court in this Lawsuit.Judge Winters Denial of Stay to join u.s. government officials ACTS AS title 18 obstructionThis Court is fully aware of its Legal Duties and Obligations under JC, ACC, PORR and Law to address and negate all COI and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law and further notify all State, Federal, Disciplinary and other appropriate Authorities of all COI and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law, prior to adjudicating matters. Plaintiff has formally petitioned the Court through prior Motions to perform such Legal Duties and Obligations and this Court has failed formally to issue even a courteous reply and instead continued to act in defiance of its own Rules. To fail these Legal Duties and Obligations and allow the COI and Violations of the JC, ACC, PORR and Law to continue is to deny Due Process by creating Obstruction of Justice in this Court.As recognized by this Court in Dunton v. Lawton cited in my Motion, there are at least two reasons why a court should satisfy itself that no Conflict exists or at least provide notice to the affected party if one does. First, a court is under a continuing obligation to supervise the members of its Bar. E.g., In re Taylor, 567 F.2d at 1191; see Musicus v. Westinghouse Electric Corp., 621 F.2d 742, 744 (5th Cir.1980) (per curiam) (district court obligated to take measures against unethical conduct occurring in proceedings before it). Second, trial courts have a duty to exercise that degree of control required by the facts and circumstances of each case to assure the litigants of a fair trial. Koufakis v. Carvel, 425 F.2d 892, 900-01 (2d Cir.1970); see ABA Code of Judicial Conduct, Canon 3(A)(4). As the US Supreme Court has held, due process Violations may arise by the failure to address conflicts. See, Wood v. Georgia, 450 U.S. 261, 101 S.Ct. 1097, 67 L.Ed.2d 220 (1981) (divided loyalties of counsel may create due process Violation).In the face of long established law in the US Second Circuit and opposite case law, Second Circuit Court of Appeals Judge Winter denied the prior Motion filed by Plaintiff seeking a Stay on Appeal pending resolution of COI, Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law and requesting involvement by the DOJ and others on behalf of the United States, despite knowledge of Wolfes active conflicted direct involvement at this Court. Such denial included a request by Plaintiff to conduct a Conference Call with the Office of White House Counsel, Office of US Attorney General and other appropriate parties pertaining to the issues and requests presented.  Despite this Courts direct knowledge that Wolfe is a named Defendant and Witness in Plaintiffs Lawsuit causing Conflict in Violation of the Courts own Rules, yet the Court refuses to resolve, regulate or even acknowledge or mitigate the Conflicts by Conference or any other mechanism. Current US Second Circuit Clerk Wolfe directly provided critical information to Plaintiff while working at the First Dept, implicating Defendant Proskauer Lawyer and First Dept DDC Officer, Defendant Steven C. Krane (Krane) and First Department Chief Counsel, Defendant Thomas Cahill (Cahill), informing Plaintiff they were Violating ACC, PORR and Law. Wolfe exposed Violations caused by Kranes handling of First Dept DDC Disciplinary Complaints against Defendants Proskauer, Meltzer, Rubenstein and Joao, while concealing his CONFLICT caused by Kranes involvement in the Iviewit Disciplinary Complaints while a Proskauer Partner and simultaneously an Officer of the First Dept DDC, as further defined herein and in the Amended Complaint.Anderson and Wolfe, both now Witnesses for Plaintiff, together add substantive corroboration to Plaintiffs complaints of Public Office Corruption at the First Dept DDC that Obstructed COURT proceedings and were part of a Fraud on the Court in an effort to deny Due Process to Disciplinary Complaints filed with the New York State courts. Further, Winters action in ruling against a Stay of the Appeal to seek intervention by the USAG was ripe with Conflict, given Wolfes star role in the upcoming Anderson trial. Winters relation to Wolfe professionally and personally without Conflict resolution, at minimum, causes the Appearance of Impropriety and additional Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law in this Courts handling of this Lawsuit.The Conflicts by Winter and Wolfe are now ever so prominent given the recent ruling by Scheindlin finding a valid First Amendment claim for Retaliation by Anderson against the First Dept DDC for speaking out against the Systemic Public Office Corruption within the First Dept and First Dept DDC. Yet, in the underlying action filed by Plaintiff, prior to Scheindlins finding of possible Public Office Corruption in Anderson and prior to advancing the Anderson matter for Trial, Scheindlin herself had already noted that substantive issues including conflicts existed in Plaintiffs Lawsuit, whereby in a Court Order dated March 21 2008[14] Scheindlin claims,Any further consideration of the substantive issues raised by plaintiffs, including plaintiffs requests regarding conflicts of interest, must await the resolution of anticipated motions to dismiss. However, in this most bizarre ruling, prior to the finding of Systemic Public Office Corruption in her Opinion and Order denying Summary Judgment in the Legally Related Anderson Lawsuit, Scheindlin determined not to address the Conflicts in Plaintiffs Lawsuit until after Motions to Dismiss were decided. Scheindlin then dismissed the Lawsuit based on Pleadings knowingly tendered in Conflict and Violation of ACC, PORR and Law by Opposing Counsel. Such Pleadings act as part of the larger Fraud on the Court, therefore the Pleadings and the subsequent Rulings based on them, as part of a Fraud on the Court have no value and will be stricken eventually. Scheindlin acknowledges substantive issues including conflict and then improperly, illegally and prejudicially to Plaintiff Appellant Bernsteins rights fails to execute her Judicial Legal Obligations, prior to or after deciding the Motions to Dismiss. Then, as if dismissing the Lawsuit somehow relieved Scheindlin of her Judicial Legal Obligations under JC, ACC and Law to report the Misconduct and Violations by the Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials practicing before her to the proper Authorities, Scheindlin instead created a shield by concealing them.Scheindlins bizarre dismissal occurred despite the fact that the NYAG Assistant AG, Monica Connell, when confronted regarding the NYAG conflicts, indicated that Conflicts in the Lawsuit should be resolved by the USDC and not by the NYAG[15]. The comments and actions by Connell are inherently contradictory and serve as a basis for reversal of the Scheindlin Dismissal Order, upon negating any existing COI at play or moving the matters to a Non-Conflicted court. Scheindlin Flawed Dismissal & Failure to Remove & REPORT MISCONDUCT & CONFLICT. this courts failure to resolve conflicts as Cause for Title 18 Obstruction ChargesDespite Andersons direct references to the Iviewit complaints at the First Dept DDC and First Dept, Scheindlin proceeded without allowing any of the Legally Related Lawsuits to join the Anderson Lawsuit in Discovery and further related proceedings despite having marked the Legally Related cases related in the first instance. The March 21, 2008 Scheindlin Order exposes Violations of ACC, PORR and Law and creates reversible errors as Scheindlin acknowledged substantive COI and other unknown substantive issues on the one hand and on the other allows the Lawsuit to proceed with Pleadings tendered by those in Conflict. For example, Defendant Proskauer, Legally representing Defendant Proskauer in Violation of ACC, moved the Scheindlin court to Stay Service of the Amended Complaint[16], serving certain Amended Complaint Defendants only, despite the fact that Plaintiff filed the Amended Complaint timely and according to court rules at the time, which should have mandated service on all Defendants. Yet, defying the courts own rules, Scheindlin ruled in favor of Proskauers Motion to Stay Service of the Amended Complaint[17] tendered in Conflict, thus interfering with Plaintiffs legal right to service and Due Process. If Proskauer was Conflicted at the time of their Motion to Stay Service, which the firm was and remains Conflicted, it was then Improper and Reversible for Scheindlin to permit the Law Firm, a Partnership, to submit Conflicted Pleadings and Motions before the Court on their own behalf that Violate ACC and Law by not addressing the conflicts first. As the Pleading and Motions are submitted in Violation of ACC, it follows that Scheindlin would be unable to Rule on an Improper Pleading or Motion before the Court. The Illegal Pleadings and moving papers submitted by Conflicted Counsel and the Illegal Rulings tendered in response to those Illegal Pleadings by Scheindlin, combine to create a Fraud on the Court that acts to Obstruct Justice and deny Plaintiff Due Process. Scheindlin should have instead followed JC, ACC and Law, which would have forced Proskauer to find Non-Conflicted counsel to submit pleadings on their behalf. Further, Scheindlin should have denied the Conflicted Illegal Pleadings that Non-Conflicted counsel might not have made, having no interest in the Lawsuit. More importantly, Proskauer Partners being direct Witnesses in the case and Defendants should have wanted to avoid Improper and Illegal conduct if they had no blood upon their hands. Certainly, they would have hired counsel to avoid the OBVIOUS Conflicts and Appearance of Impropriety their continued Conflicted and Unlawful Conduct creates and the Liabilities created for all the Public and Private parties entangled in the Amended Complaint caused by the continued misconduct. Similar to the USDC, this Court has permitted Proskauer and other named Defendants to continue to Self-Represent in conflict despite multiple Lawyers within the Firms being direct Defendants and Fact Witnesses to critical parts of the allegations in the underlying Amended Complaint and despite the Law Firms being Partnerships. The Criminal and financial implications of the Crimes will devastate the Law Firms and all Partners in the partnerships who through the partnership are all implicated in the Crimes and now involved in the continuing Cover-Up Crimes through continuous Violations of ACC, PORR and Law that create further Obstruction through continuous Frauds on the Courts. Since dismissal of the Lawsuit, Judge Scheindlin has still failed to resolve the COI or identify whom the substantive Conflicts or substantive issues involve (a Conflict mystery) but more importantly has FAILED to report to the proper Authorities the Violations. JC, ACC, PORR and Law all Legally Mandate Reporting substantive conflict to all proper Authorities, including whatever other substantive issues Scheindlin refers to in her Order. This failure continues despite Judge Scheindlin having since issued a Decision and Order finding corruption in the Anderson case and permitting that case to proceed to trial. Plaintiff has repeatedly complained to both the USDC and this Court about many separate and distinct COI, Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law, against multiple Conflicted Lawyers, Law Firms, State Actors and State Agencies who are representing Defendants in the Lawsuit. Complaints extending back to the USDC, the State Courts, the initial Attorney Disciplinary Departments and the Civil Court in Florida under Judge Jorge Labarga, all of these conflict infested legal actions defined further in the Amended Complaint and prior motions to this Court, all fraught with Conflicts, Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law. The initial Disciplinary Complaints against the Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials in New York, Florida and Virginia all found fraught with Conflict and Violations of ACC, PORR and Law, creating the overwhelming Appearance of Impropriety. In New York, the finding of Conflict in the First Dept DDC led to First Dept COURT ORDERED INVESTIGATIONS of the same Lawyers and Law Firms now Self-Representing in Conflict before this Court. All of the prior Conflicts CONCEALED and inserted in the Disciplinary Complaint process by the Defendants to deflect complaints against them filed in those states, as allegations of Fraud were uncovered against the core conspirators Proskauer, Foley and Meltzer. Conflicts Confirmed, Ordered for Investigation, Acknowledged by a Federal Judge and the State Courts, yet all continue in this Court, defying logic and Violating JC, ACC, PORR and Law. This Court prior to any further substantive acts must address the question of whom and what the substantive issues and COI involve that Scheindlin identified and failed to negate prior to adjudicating the Lawsuit. This Court cannot be free of the Prejudicial influence of the Conflicts in the Scheindlin court, especially relying upon Rulings that may be Illegal and in fact is in perpetuation of them by failing to report them and allowing them to continue. Scheindlin erred in failing to resolve the Conflicts before or after her determination in the Motions to Dismiss, allowing the Conflicted Law Firms and Lawyers to continue to move the Lawsuit to dismissal, constituting reason for soon to be filed judicial complaints regarding Scheindlins Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law. All prior Determinations, Rulings or other Pleadings influenced by substantive COI by any Defendant counsel, renders them Inadmissible, Illegal, Dismissible and Punishable under JC, ACC, PORR and Law. Scheindlin failed to exercise her Legal Duties and Obligations to Report and Regulate Violations of ACC, PORR and Law committed by the Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials acting before her court. This Courts similar INACTIONS constitute not only Violations of JC, ACC and Law but also further act to Obstruct Justice by furthering the Fraud on the Court. The Obstruction created denies Plaintiff Due Process rights and rights to his Intellectual Properties and Royalties that underlie the Conflict matters. Such Property rights guaranteed in Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the Constitution regarding Inventor rights, the 5th and 14th Amendment to the US Constitution, and other Federal and State property laws, including Violations of Anti-Trust Law, RICO and many other State, Federal and International Laws, all clearly defined in the Amended Complaint.The Conflicts are clear, in mass and Violate numerous JC, ACC, PORR and Law regarding the Pleadings of almost all opposing counsel in this Lawsuit, many whom are also Defendants and Witnesses in this Lawsuit. Action to resolve the substantive Conflicts must be immediate and prior to any other action or Ruling by this Court in order to remove the Illegal influence of the Conflicts over all past proceedings and enable moving forward in a judicially ethical manner in compliance with JC, ACC, PORR and Law. Despite Scheindlins flawed and perhaps Culpable actions to dismiss the Lawsuit prior to Conflict resolution when bound by JC, ACC, PORR and Law to remove Conflict in any proceeding and report all such Conflicted Parties to the proper Authorities for disposition leaves this Court with resolving the Conflicts prior to further adjudication. Failure to eliminate Conflict in the Lawsuit prior to adjudication by this Court or any court it is transferred to immediately Prejudices the rights of Plaintiff and thus already in fact has Prejudiced this Lawsuit in this Court, further denying Due Process rights to Plaintiff. For this Court to continue to allow multiple Defendants to be represented by Conflicted Counsel or represent themselves in Conflict and continue to allow Judicial Officers to act outside the established JC, ACC, PORR and Law, further denies Due Process and further acts to Aid and Abet the efforts to subterfuge Plaintiffs rights through continued Obstruction. This Court, by allowing the Conflicts to continue and failing to affirm or deny its own potential Conflicts, despite repeated written requests, has therefore already become a Culpable Party to such continued Conspiracy to deny Plaintiffs rights in the New York Courts and now the Federal Courts, through further Illegal Abuse of Process and Fraud on the Courts.Relation of DEFENDANTS to Ponzi Schemes OF MADOFF, Stanford, dreier, okun & the markit group holding antitrust INVESTIGATIONThis Court may take Judicial Notice of the Massive Wall Street meltdown occurring since Scheindlins Dismissal Order of August 2008 and should note that many of the major Wall Street companies involved in the meltdown also are part of the Iviewit claims. Exposed in a July 15, 2009, article in AmLaw Daily[18] titled Proskauer Advises Company at Center of Derivatives Probe is that Defendant Proskauer acting as Legal Advisor to Markit is at the center of an Ongoing Antitrust Investigation by the US DOJ into the TWENTY SIX TRILLION DOLLAR credit default swap market. This the same credit default swap market that has sunk this Country into near financial ruins, leaving millions of people worldwide in financial ruin, jobless, starving, medically deprived and homeless, again, we find Proskauer involved.  The Court can take further Judicial Notice of the massive financial Ponzi and other financial schemes recently unfolding and revealed during this same general timeframe and again find relations too many of the Defendants in this Lawsuit. While paling in comparison to the possible Antitrust Violations regarding Market Manipulation in the Trillions of Dollars are the Billion Dollar Frauds that have further correlations and relationships to Defendants. Evidence of involvement of Iviewit Defendants found in the following financial frauds, including but not limited to:1. the Bernard Lawrence Bernie Madoff[19] ( Madoff ), Chairman of Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC ( BMIS ) Ponzi scheme,2. the Sir Robert Allen Stanford ( Stanford ), Chairman of Stanford Financial Group of Companies ( SFG )[20] Ponzi scheme,3. Willis Group Holdings involvement in the Stanford Ponzi and Proskauers representation of Willis[21],4. the Marc Stuart Dreier[22] ( Dreier ) of Defendant Dreier & Baritz ( DB ) financial Fraud and 5. the Edward Okun of 1031 Tax Group Fraud. The COI that continues to prevail in this Court and the lower courts act to Obstruct Justice and were they removed and prosecuted instead of railroaded and further these Schemes and Defendants, including Proskauer, Dreier, Foley and Others, are found directly involved in the above referenced Schemes, then prosecution may have stopped these Schemes years earlier. Had the Courts and the Disciplinary Departments acted in accordance with JC, ACC, PORR and Law and not allowed Conflicts to prevail, this could have prevented massive damage to the Victims of these Schemes and instead the Obstruction allowed the schemes to flourish. These schemes appear to be highly sophisticated financial schemes with Lawyers and Former SEC Agents operating or involved in almost all of them. As evidenced herein and in the Amended Complaint[23], all of these Schemes may be efforts to Launder the Stolen and Converted Intellectual Property Royalties of Plaintiff, converted Illegally by Defendants in these matters for their own gain. Other financial crimes may be due to the Fox in the Henhouse analogy where once in, the Fox went on a criminal feeding frenzy, unopposed by any threat of Justice, as the Gonzales Attorney Scandal for political favor, created an Injustice Department for these Schemes to flourish.The Court is respectfully reminded of the nature of the allegations in my Amended Complaint and that it was the powerful and politically connected Law Firms of Proskauer and Foley, named Defendants in this action, that were at the heart of the scheme to steal my Intellectual Properties worth a Trillion Dollars or more. The Original Intellectual Property Crimes committed through a continuous series of Private and Professional Misconducts and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law which were then combined with Public Office Crimes in order to Cover-Up the Original Crimes. The Cover-Up Crimes committed by Defendant Justices, Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials, creating a shield from prosecution for the Defendants by denying Due Process to the Plaintiff, through Illegally positioning in Conflict and creating Obstruction through further Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law.The Court should take Judicial Notice that Proskauer not only has the most clients in the Madoff Scheme (many clients previously thought to be Victim are currently under Investigation[24]) but also simultaneously lies at the very heart of the Stanford / SFG Scheme, Proskauer and Proskauer Partners directly implicated in Stanford / SFG.[25] Defendant Proskauer has been identified in SEC and FBI Criminal and Civil lawsuits, acting as Stanford and SFG Counsel and coaching SFG employees to Mislead investigators, leading to a court ordered Injunction[26] to Freeze the Assets of Stanford / SFG by that court, applicable to Stanford, SFG, SFG Advisors, SFG Lawyers and the Law Firms. Proskauer is also counsel to Willis Group Holdings, from Proskauers 2002 Annual Review We continue to represent Willis Group Holdings, one of the largest insurance brokers in the U.S. and globally.[27] The Willis Group Holdings[28] is being sued as part of the Stanford Ponzi for issuing safe and soundness letters to potential investors in Stanford that were intended to attract customers to Stanford, leading to Billions of dollars of loss to Victims.Defendants Proskauer, Foley and Meltzers DIRECT involvement in the Stanford, Madoff, Dreier & Okun Financial FraudsDefendant Proskauer is directly involved in the Stanford / SFG scheme[29] and the ongoing SEC and FBI federal actions[30] which implicate them in the Criminal Complaints filed by the FBI (i) H-09-140M (ii) 309 MJ 56 and the SEC Civil Complaints (i) 3:09-cv-00298-N (ii) 3:09-cv-00298-L (iii) 1:09-mc-00002-JAD. Proskauer implicated in Aiding and Abetting the Stanford / SFG criminal enterprise in Misleading investigators leading to the arrest of SFG employees, the arrest of Stanford and an injunction on all assets.In the Deposition of the Chief Information Officer of SFG with the SEC, where the financial Scheme was being unraveled by investigators, the Defendant Proskauer Lawyer Partner Thomas Sjoblom[31] (Sjoblom), abruptly left the meeting and the next day sent an email to the SEC withdrawing Proskauers and his own prior statements and representations. Plaintiff remains confused as to how one can withdraw prior statements but this nonetheless is an obvious area of inquiry of the Proskauer attorneys and defendants. This bizarre behavior by Proskauer and Sjoblom sent red flags to the SEC that something was amiss and caused the SEC to take immediate actions to protect the Victims. In a final meeting with SFG executives Sjoblom claims, The Party is Over and urges them to Pray[32]. The deposition statements of the arrested SFG executive, Chief Investment Officer Laura Pendergest-Holt combined with news reports naming Proskauers Sjoblom as Attorney A in the SEC and FBI federal complaints put Sjoblom dead center in the Scheme. From the Houston Chronicle on Sunday, March 01, 2009,They included outside Counsel Thomas Sjoblom of Washington, D.C., referred to as Attorney A, who has since withdrawn from representing Stanford.[33] Inferred from the initial documentation and news reports in those Lawsuits is that Sjoblom conspired and prepared with SFG executives to perpetrate fraudulent statements and records to the SEC investigators and so Aided and Abetted in the totality of the Fraud and Cover-Up. The FBI has arrested and charged Holt with Obstructing a US Government investigation, including her involvement with Sjoblom in preparing false and misleading information to give investigators. The FBI has arrested Stanford since the prior Motion to this Court alerting the Court to these financial Schemes. Proskauer and Sjoblom may be the next ones charged with similar crimes or worse for their involvement in misleading investigators and coaching Holt to lie to authorities, as well as, their direct involvement in the Stanford / SFG crimes.Holt has filed a civil suit[34] against Proskauer and Sjoblom for Violations of ACC and more that have left this twenty-four year old charged in Federal Civil and Criminal Complaints, claiming that Sjoblom and Proskauer practically forced her to make the falsified representations to the SEC protecting the more involved senior executives of SFG like Stanford. Sjoblom also made the plea to investigators to have Holt represent SFG in the proceedings, yet Sjoblom was acting Counsel for SFG only at Holts deposition and only later was it learned under repeated questioning by investigators that Sjoblom was not representing Holt personally at her Deposition, apparently misleading Holt and SEC investigators initially. Proskauer and Sjoblom treated Holt as a Sacrificial Lamb in efforts to protect those who orchestrated the Crimes, including themselves perhaps and then cowardly abandoned her.Learned since filing the prior Motion to this Court alerting the Court to these Schemes is further relations of Proskauer to the Madoff Scheme. According to TPM news[35], in 2004, an SEC attorney, Genevievette Walker-Lightfoot notified the SEC of the possible Madoff Ponzi Scheme but was forced out of her job at the SEC and later the SEC settled a claim against them filed by Lightfoot. Upon termination from the SEC, Lightfoot turned over her report on Madoff to Jacqueline Wood ( Wood ). Wood then buried the report that could have exposed the Ponzi years earlier and when she left the SEC, Wood took a partnership at, you guessed it, Defendant Proskauer.When combined with other information it starts to further tie the Madoff and Stanford Schemes together, as stated in the Times Online on February 18, 2009, Perhaps the most alarming is that Stanford Investment Bank has exposure to losses from the Madoff fraud scheme despite the banks public assurance to the contrary, said the SEC.[36] To FURTHER PERMIT the Defendants in this Lawsuit, who simultaneously represent themselves in this ongoing RICO, to continue to move this Court on behalf of themselves, without first addressing the multiple layers of Conflict as required by the Laws of this Second Circuit under Dunton and related progeny, is absurd and highly unethical. This unethical behavior Violates this Courts Duty to first make Inquiry into and then resolve the Conflicts cited herein in accordance with Law and its own Rules and PRIOR to Adjudication, not to mention the simultaneous failure of this Court to uphold the New York State Ethics and Disciplinary Rules and Regulations in opposite of JC, ACC, PORR and Law.Finally, there is a common theme, which may have led to the lax Oversight in these unfolding scandals through infiltration of key regulatory posts, in fact, Law 360 states in a recent article SEC Enforcement Head Resigns amid Madoff Probe. New York (February 09, 2009)  Amid criticism stemming from the Madoff scandal, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Director of Enforcement Linda Thomsen is stepping down and could be replaced by Deutsche Bank AG General Counsel Robert Khuzami, according to reports.[37]Reported from the Memphis Daily News, as it relates directly to these matters:Before entering private practice, Sjoblom had worked for the SEC for 20 years. From 1987 to 1999, he was an assistant chief litigation counsel in the SECs Division of Enforcement  the same division of the agency whose representatives were peppering arrested CIO of Stanford, Pendergest-Holt with questions Feb. 10. After she was put under oath, Sjoblom [of Proskauer] immediately got down to business. Pre-empting the SEC officials, according to a transcript of the days testimony, he asked: First of all, has there been a criminal referral in this matter?[SEC Investigator] King informed Sjoblom of a SEC Form 1662 served upon both he and his client Holt. Among other things, that form reads, The commission often makes its files available to other governmental agencies, particularly United States Attorneys and state prosecutors. There is a likelihood that information supplied by you will be made available to such agencies where appropriate. At press time, criminal charges had not yet been filed against the three executives who were the subject of SEC civil charges last week.Sjoblom followed up with another question to investigators asking whether the SEC was currently working with the U.S. Attorneys office in the Northern District of Texas or elsewhere. Mr. Sjoblom, I just referred you to SEC Form 1662, King replied.ObjectionsSjoblom pressed on[38]The Court should already see how many levels of Conflict continue to plague these matters with Proskauers and Others Self-Representations and until stopped, the Public remains exposed through lax regulators and complacent courts or perhaps complicity by the regulators and courts to further Schemes. As this Court, the US Second Circuit Court of Appeals noted in United States v. Piervinanzi, 23 F. 3d 670 ( 1994 ),  When a trial judge is made aware of an apparent Conflict of Interest, a duty of inquiry arises to protect the represented defendants interests. See id. at 272, 101 S.Ct. at 1104; Dunton v. County of Suffolk, 729 F.2d 903, 908-09 (2d Cir.), modified, 748 F.2d 69 (2d Cir.1984).This Court must now perform its duty of making inquiry into the multiple levels of Conflict herein or stay such appeal and response briefs by Proskauer and other Conflicted Defendants until federal investigators have ferreted out the Conflicts and determined if this Court can proceed legally. Similarly, the USDCs failure to negate Conflict creates reversible error and possible grounds for Obstruction of Justice charges and more.In the fraudulent hedge fund scheme orchestrated by Samuel Israel (whom faked his death in a bogus airplane crash) of the Bayou Group[39] we again find Defendant Proskauer, this time hiring Jeff J. Marwil formerly of Winston Straw and who currently serves as sole managing member of the Bayou Group in its Chapter 11 cases. In the Dreier scheme, we find former Proskauer partner Sheila M. Gowan[40] selected as the bankruptcy trustee in the Dreier case and again Defendant Proskauer referred Plaintiff to patent attorney Defendant Joao, later fired by Plaintiff for suspected Patent Theft and then transferring to Defendant Dreier Baritz. Again, the web of Conflicts encircles these matters with Proskauer always near the center.Defendant Dreier, who became involved in this lawsuit through Proskauer and Meltzer attorney Defendant Joao, has now formally pled guilty in federal court to being involved in a Seven Hundred Million Dollar ( US $700,000,000.00 ) financial Fraud and has been sentenced to twenty years with a loss of all assets. Finally, and most recently, Defendant Foley is being sued for their part in yet another massive Ponzi scheme regarding The 1031 Tax Group LLC schemed by Edward H. Okun who has already pled guilty to that crime and was sentenced to 100 years in prison[41]and[42]. All these schemes, Drier, Stanford, Madoff, Okun and more may be efforts by Defendant Proskauer and their Co-Conspirators to launder the converted monies from Plaintiffs stolen Intellectual Properties. Based upon prior and newly discovered information that support the allegations made herein and in the prior Motion to this Court regarding investigating Defendants involved in the Stanford, Madoff and Dreier schemes; Plaintiff now moves this Court to renew and reargue the Courts prior Denial of Plaintiffs prior Emergency Motion[43] to investigate the Defendants Proskauer, Foley, Meltzer and Dreier regarding the financial crimes of Madoff, Stanford, Dreier and Okun. Plaintiff  Appellant likewise is Moving the Court simultaneously to notify all proper Authorities, including the courts where legal actions regarding these frauds are already proceeding and request injunction on all funds recovered. Injunction until it can be determined if the financial schemes are related to this Lawsuit and further determine if the legal proceedings of these financial schemes may be further schemes or Frauds on the Courts to launder Plaintiffs converted royalties.Press reports further allege that Stanford has been under investigation for many years, including investigations for his involvement with DRUG CARTELS and Money Laundering Schemes on behalf of such Cartels. This puts Proskauer squarely at the center of not only the financial Frauds but now also ties them to an Organized and Violent Criminal Enterprises. Further, Portfolio.com reports,Authorities tell ABC News that as part of the investigation, which has been ongoing since last year, Mexican authorities detained one of Stanfords private planes. According to officials, checks found inside the plane were believed to be connected to the Gulf cartel, reputed to be Mexicos most violent gang. [44]From the Guardian.co.uk online,The FBI is probing possible money laundering linked to Mexicos infamous narco-trafficking Gulf Cartel in its investigation of Texan billionaire Sir Allen Stanford, US law enforcement sources have told the Observer. An FBI source close to the investigation would not give exact details but confirmed the agency was looking at links to international drug gangs as part of the huge investigation into Stanfords banking activities. [45] The Proskauer firm and related clients are also squarely in the center of the massive financial Ponzi scheme involving Bernard Madoff that involves ignored Whistleblower allegations by regulators going back many years before government action occurred. In one instance, a Whistleblower complaint that was turned over to the SEC investigators was then buried by an SEC employee who later left the SEC and took a Proskauer partnership, as defined herein. When combined with other information it starts to further tie the schemes together, as stated in the Times Online on February 18, 2009, Perhaps the most alarming is that Stanford Investment Bank has exposure to losses from the Madoff fraud scheme despite the banks public assurance to the contrary, said the SEC.[46] For the Court to PERMIT the Defendants, who simultaneously Self-Represent themselves as Counsel in Conflict in this ongoing RICO, to continue to move the Court without first addressing the multiple layers of Conflict, as required by the Laws of this Second Circuit under Dunton and related progeny, is absurd. This unethical behavior Violates this Courts Duty to first make Inquiry into and then resolve the Conflicts cited herein, in accordance with JC, ACC, PORR and Law and PRIOR TO adjudication. Finally, there is a common theme, which may have led to the lax Oversight on many unfolding scandals through infiltration of key regulatory posts. In fact, Law 360 states in a recent article SEC Enforcement Head Resigns amid Madoff Probe. New York (February 09, 2009)  Amid criticism stemming from the Madoff scandal, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Director of Enforcement Linda Thomsen is stepping down and could be replaced by Deutsche Bank AG General Counsel Robert Khuzami, according to reports.[47]Reported from the Memphis Daily News, as it relates directly to these matters:Before entering private practice, Sjoblom had worked for the SEC for 20 years. From 1987 to 1999, he was an assistant chief litigation counsel in the SECs Division of Enforcement [emphasis added]  the same division of the agency whose representatives were peppering arrested CIO of Stanford, Pendergest-Holt with questions Feb. 10. After she was put under oath, Sjoblom (of Proskauer) immediately got down to business. Pre-empting the SEC officials, according to a transcript of the days testimony, he asked: First of all, has there been a criminal referral in this matter?[SEC Investigator] King informed Sjoblom of a SEC Form 1662 served upon both he and his client Holt. Among other things, that form reads, The commission often makes its files available to other governmental agencies, particularly United States Attorneys and state prosecutors. There is a likelihood that information supplied by you will be made available to such agencies where appropriate. At press time, criminal charges had not yet been filed against the three executives who were the subject of SEC civil charges last week.Sjoblom followed up with another question to investigators asking whether the SEC was currently working with the U.S. Attorneys office in the Northern District of Texas or elsewhere. Mr. Sjoblom, I just referred you to SEC Form 1662, King replied.ObjectionsSjoblom pressed on[48]The Court should already see how many levels of Conflict continue to plague these matters with Proskauers and Others Self-Representations and until stopped, the Public remains exposed through lax regulators and complacent courts or perhaps complicity by the regulators and courts. As this Court, the US Second Circuit Court of Appeals noted in United States v. Piervinanzi, 23 F. 3d 670 ( 1994 ),  When a trial judge is made aware of an apparent Conflict of Interest, a duty of inquiry arises to protect the represented defendants interests. See id. at 272, 101 S.Ct. at 1104; Dunton v. County of Suffolk, 729 F.2d 903, 908-09 (2d Cir.), modified, 748 F.2d 69 (2d Cir.1984).This Court must now perform its duty of making inquiry into the multiple levels of Conflict herein or stay such appeal and response briefs by Proskauer and other Conflicted Defendants until federal investigators have ferreted out the Conflicts and determined if this Court can proceed legally. Similarly, the USDCs failure to negate Conflict creates reversible error and possible grounds for Obstruction of Justice charges and more.defendant client fraudsPlaintiff reminds this Court of the nature of my claims, as original Inventor and Owner of Backbone digital imaging and video technologies that not only transformed the Internet and Television but also revolutionized a wide range of products and markets, including but far from limited to; 1. Defense and other applications by the US Government (i.e. Satellite Imaging, the Hubble, Weaponry Imaging, Flight and Space Simulators, etc.), 2. Websites Worldwide - note the almost universal use of the inventions on every website that creates, hosts or uses web video (i.e. Google, You Tube / Yahoo, Microsoft Media, Adobe Media Player, Real Player, etc.) and the number of daily worldwide end users watching and posting videos, 3. Digital Television Creation and Transmission - video scaling increased channel output for cable and satellite companies and gave end users a minimum 75% more channels, 4. Imaging Applications  Almost all Medical Imaging devices use scaling imaging and video technologies. Cell Phone video would be impossible, as would Internet video, to transmit in full screen, full frame rate, without Plaintiffs technologies, thereby creating these markets. Digital Zoom technologies that allow zooming on images with increased magnification, for example Google Maps, Digital Cameras, Televisions, Hubble, etc. use the Technologies and,5. Video and imaging hardware and software applications almost all use the technologies.Note that no Party or Defendant in these matters has ever factually contested (or been required to contest) the basic claim of myself as the original Inventor of the Inventions in any courts or proceedings. Yet, Defendants have been permitted to continue to wrongfully deny and deprive Plaintiff and other rightful owners of the rights, monies, royalties and benefits of the technologies on a continuing basis, which is part of what makes the Dismissal Order in error and cause for reversal, as the Crimes continue on a daily basis. Further, some of the earliest companies to enter into Non-Disclosure Agreements and Strategic Alliance agreements were Defendants Lockheed Martin, Intel Co. and Silicon Graphics, Inc.[49], companies with historically massive contracts with the US Government. Defendant Lockheed regarded as the largest defense and weaponry company in existence in the world and the largest user of cutting edge and black box digital imaging and video technologies. At the time of the planning and execution of the initial theft and conspiracy to steal these Holy Grail technologies[50], valued at a Trillion Dollars or more, Lockheed, Intel and SGI were owners of a company called Real 3D, Inc. ( Real 3D ) located in Orlando Florida on property owned by Lockheed Martin. Intel was a twenty percent minority owner of Real 3D and then after learning of the technologies through agreement and contract with Plaintiff and Real 3D in 1998-1999, Intel bought Real 3D from Lockheed and SGI in a transaction where the details remain unknown. All three companies have since Violated NDAs, Strategic Alliances and License Agreements through the Real 3D contracts and failed to the report their knowing infringement of the technologies in their annual reports as required under FASB No. 5[51] regarding reporting liabilities. Real 3D was at the time under contract and license with Iviewit and Plaintiff, which allowed Real 3D to demonstrate, test and operate the technologies directly from the Real 3D laboratories.[52] Link to Real 3D correspondence and evidence involving Iviewit @http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/bibona%202.pdfLink to Defendant Proskauer Attorney Christopher Clarke Wheeler ( Wheeler ) and Real 3D regarding Iviewit matters in 1999 @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/1999%2006%2011%20Wheeler%20to%20Real3d%20acting%20as%20patent%20counsel%202.pdf.According to Wikipedia[53], In 1995, Martin Marietta and Lockheed merged to form Lockheed Martin Corporation, the worlds largest weapons manufacturer. Following the merger, Lockheed Martin decided to market their cutting-edge graphics technology for civilian use by setting up Real 3D, Inc. in partnership with Intel and SGI. In 1999, Real 3D sued ATI Technologies over infringement of its patents (originally issued to General Electric in 1988 and 1990) as well as misappropriation of trade secrets (involving the hiring away of several Real 3D engineers). By October 1, 1999, Real 3D was forced to close its doors and Lockheed sold its remaining stake in Real 3D to Intel on October 14. Following the sale, Intel fired all employees and closed the Orlando office. Interestingly, ATI opened an Orlando office and ostensibly retained many former Real 3D designers.NOTE: THE US DEPT OF JUSTICE SUBPOENAED GRAPHIC Companies in Dec. 2006 for Anti-Trust related Violations, including ATI Technologies that grew out of Intels acquisition of REAL 3D, according to ZDNET News @ http://news.zdnet.com/2100-9584_22-150460.html .NOTE: MAJOR COMPANIES THAT SPUN OFF AFTER THIS MERGER, ATI, AMD AND NVIDIA HAVE BEEN UNDER FEDERAL ANTI-TRUST INVESTIGATIONS BY THE US DOJ. According to Wikipedia[54] and other industry sources:ATI Technologies Inc. (ATI) was a major Canadian designer and supplier of graphics processing units and motherboard chipsets. In 2006, the company was acquired by Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) and was renamed the AMD Graphics Product Group or ATI Technologies ULC, although the ATI brand was retained for graphics cards.The AMD Graphics Product Group is a fabless semiconductor company conducting in-house research and development and outsourcing the manufacturing and assembly of its products. Its main competitor is NVIDIA in the graphics and handheld market. The flagship product, the Radeon series of graphics cards, directly competes with NVIDIAs GeoForce. These two companies dominance of the market forced other manufacturers into niche roles.On December 1, 2006, as reported by ZDNET[55], The U.S. Department of Justices Antitrust Division has issued Subpoenas to Advanced Micro Devices and Nvidia as part of an investigation into potential antitrust Violations. According to the article,The DOJ successfully prosecuted the DRAM (dynamic RAM) industry in 2004 and 2005 for colluding to fix prices in the late 1990s and early 2000s. Some executives were sent to prison and companies such as Infineon and Hynix paid hefty fines. More recently, the DOJ has been looking into the SRAM (static RAM) industry, looking into companies such as Sony, Samsung, and Mitsubishi.A FURTHER NEW EXHIBIT IS PLAINTIFF-APPELLANTS FORMAL COMPLAINT TO THE SEC REGARDING THE INTEL CORPORATION AND REFERENCES ORIGINAL TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING DEFENDANTS LOCKHEED MARTIN, SILICON GRAPHICS, INTEL AND REAL 3D, ALL UNDER NDA WITH PLAINTIFF-APPELLANT BERNSTEIN AT ALL RELEVANT TIMES HEREIN.EVIDENCE ITEM NO. 986 AT WWW.IVIEWIT.TV WEBSITE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THE AMENDED C0MPLAINT HEREIN: BERNSTEIN INTEL SEC COMPLAINT MARCH 2009: http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090325%20FINAL%20Intel%20SEC%20Complaint%20SIGNED2073.pdfThis Court is also reminded of the large number of Fortune 1000 companies that entered into NDAs, Strategic Alliance Agreements and other Contracts[56] with myself and the Iviewit companies, including the largest communications, banking and financial companies, including, AT&T, Comcast, JP Morgan, Kodak, Dell, Sony Digital Pictures, Warner Bros., AOLTW, Intel, SGI, Lockheed Martin, Wachovia, and more.In particular, this Court is directed to Evidence Link No. 75[57] @ www.iviewit.tv homepage which is a July 22, 2000 Marketing Letter with other material by Defendant Proskauer Attorney Wheeler regarding PROSKAUER marketing the inventions to their clients. In the Marketing Letter, Proskauer Partner Defendant Wheeler adds a Representative CLIENT List of Defendant Proskauers. The clients include Time Warner Inc., MGM, Universal Music, Miss Universe, Inc., National Hockey League, Major League Baseball, National Broadcasting Corporation, National Governors Association, Museum of Modern Art, etc, showing the vast network of companies involved with Proskauer early on. Almost all of the Proskauer clients on that list are now infringing on Plaintiffs inventions that directly benefit Defendant Proskauer and their Client Defendant MPEGLA LLC, to the disadvantage of Plaintiffenron / arthur andersen scandal ties to defendants in these mattersThe Court again reminded of the Amended Complaint allegations that the Enron / Arthur Andersen ( Andersen ) accounting and financial Frauds were uncovered after Andersen began auditing the books and financial affairs of the Iviewit companies. Crossbow Ventures required this audit[58] for their SBIC Loans as Crossbows funds were composed of two-thirds Small Business Administration funds. Andersens audit discovered initial evidence of Illegally created fraudulent shell companies, other accounting irregularities and allegations that Iviewit Accountants, Law Firms and Lawyers had misled auditors[59].Strangely enough, Enron Broadband[60] was the unit of Enron that may have been the largest factor in the collapse of Enron and Enron Broadband was planning a deal with Blockbuster, a company created by Defendant Wayne Huizenga, the Seed Capital Investor in Iviewit. The problem was that Enron booked revenue for the project before there was a dollar of revenue. The Blockbuster/Enron deal could not have existed without Plaintiffs Technologies. Once Iviewit was under scrutiny of investors and auditors and evidence surfaced regarding the Enron / Blockbuster / Iviewit deal, a deal that Iviewit Management, the Board of Directors and Investors had no idea about, except those Proskauer referred insiders, as defined in the Amended Complaint, the Enron / Blockbuster deal collapsed, as Enron had no technologies to fulfill the Fraudulent revenue projections. There appears to be relations to the Utah streaming tests done by Enron[61] and Proskauer referred management Defendant Utley, who came in under false pretense as later defined herein. Finally, recent reports show possible retrials of the Enron affairs,In addition to this case, one or more of the defendants accused of crimes over activities in Enrons broad-band division [emphasis added] could be retried. [62]Perhaps this time the Enron retrials will include the information regarding the Iviewit matters, which Plaintiff, similar to Harry Markopoulos the suppressed Whistleblower of the Madoff affairs, has tried to bring to the attention of Authorities for several years, including now this Court. This Court should on its own Motion, notify those courts involved with the Enron Lawsuits of the pertinent information regarding this Lawsuit.Once Andersen uncovered possible Fraud, internal investigations began into the stolen IP. On or about that time, executives of Warner Bros. uncovered further initial evidence indicating Fraud during their Legal Due Diligence for an investment in Iviewit, offered by Wachovia in a Private Placement Memorandum[63]. Fraud including possible IP crimes involving switching patents on file at the USPTO versus what was shown to investors, possible corporate Fraud regarding the corporations setup (similar to what Andersen discovers) and two Illegal Legal Actions, including Fraud on a Federal Bankruptcy Court and a Florida Civil Court. Legal Actions that the Board of Directors, Management and Shareholders had never heard of before, informed of the actions by AOLTW/WB and only now is Plaintiff learning the full extent of these Frauds on the Courts after years of working with Federal and International authorities, including the USPTO, the EPI and FBI figuring them out.Certain of the information to piece the full Corporate Frauds together with the IP Crimes, is awaiting legislation already presented to Hon. Senator Dianne Feinstein at the prompting of the US Patent Office, information critical to understanding the Frauds, as defined later herein and in the Amended Complaint. Thus, Plaintiff-Appellant Bernstein prevented by current law from obtaining vital and critical information regarding the US Patent Office and International Patent Authorities regarding Fraudulent Patent Applications filed by named Defendants involving the USPTO, filed in others names, despite all reasonable and possible diligence thereby further supporting tolling of any statute of limitation in the event there is any necessity. Further making the District Courts Dismissal erroneous and premature and therefore should be Vacated and Remanded to an appropriate non  conflicted court IMMEDIATELY. The Amended Complaint contains full preliminary information regarding the Civil Case involving Defendant Proskauer and Iviewit matters in the W. Palm Beach, FL Civil Circuit Court and the Involuntary Bankruptcy in Florida involving Defendant Proskauer and Defendant Proskauer referred management and clients, including Real 3D, Inc. The finding of initial evidence of Fraud at the time by Warner Bros. killed the investment to Iviewit that was to be in addition to licensing agreements already in place at the time between Warner Bros. and Iviewit. This also killed several other major licensing contracts underway, including Sony and even the funding contracted for with Venture Capitalists. With the Iviewit Intellectual Property theft and financial Crimes exposed at the time, the Enron/Blockbuster deal died instantly and in the next instant Arthur Andersen went extinct and Enron went bankrupt virtually overnight. Both Andersen and Enron then began a document shredding party to rid the evidence of their crimes[64], allegedly including the evidence regarding the attempted theft of the IP. Proskauer was at all times at the heart of all of these Iviewit audits, deals and contracts acting as Counsel and therefore central to the Crimes cited herein and in the Amended Complaint.The Court again reminded that the allegations herein are neither conjecture, nor speculation, nor Conspiracy Theory but contrary to Conspiracy Theory, but instead depict a very real Legal RICO Conspiracy whereby various US Government Agencies and other law enforcement agencies of States and abroad are in Ongoing Investigations[65] of the Iviewit matters[66]. One Investigation includes the Director of the Office of Enrollment & Discipline (OED) of the US Patent Office (USPTO), Harry I. Moatz (Moatz), who directed that I, Inventor Eliot Ivan Bernstein, file charges of Fraud on the USPTO with the Commissioner of Patents. The filing led to the Commissioner of the US Patent Office placing my Patents in Suspended[67] status pending Investigation by the US Patent Office OED, the USPTO and the FBI. The Investigations are of Hundreds of Crimes, including crimes directly against agencies of the UNITED STATES and FOREIGN NATIONS, including but not limited to, submitting Fraudulent Intellectual Property applications to a Federal Agency and International Intellectual Property Agencies, both Federal Crimes, committed no less, through mail and wire activity sufficient for RICO predicate crimes and more.NOTE THE HOMEPAGE @ WWW.IVIEWIT.TV LINKS TO DOCUMENTARY AND RELATED EVIDENCE http://www.iviewit.tv/#Evidence #1 THRU #1086 AGAINST DEFENDANTS. ALL EVIDENCE AND THE ENTIRE IVIEWIT WEBSITE FULLY INCORPORATED IN THEIR ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE HEREIN as originally pleaded in the Amended Complaint. Note, USPTO OED Director Moatz directed these filings and charges of Fraud on the USPTO personally, after his Investigations began and upon learning that the Defendant Law Firms and Lawyers who represented Plaintiff had submitted to State Disciplinary Agencies in Virginia, Florida and New York, patently false Intellectual Property Documents not matching those on file with the USPTO. Moatz then formed a US Patent Office team to aid Plaintiff in getting the USPTO filings responded to and put into Suspension. Note, Iviewits largest investor Crossbow Ventures, whose funds were two-thirds Small Business Administration funds, also signs the USPTO Complaints of FRAUD ON THE US PATENT OFFICE, lending solid support to the fact that the Small Business Administration funds were also invested in the Fraudulent Iviewit companies and Fraudulent Intellectual Properties.Examples of Un-resolved Conflicts of interest that act to obstruct Justice through continued Violations of judicial cannons, attorney conduct codes, public office rules & Regulations and lawConflict of Interest Laws  Conflict of Interest indicates a situation where a private interest may influence a public decision. Conflict of Interest Laws are laws and regulations designed to prevent conflicts of interest. These laws may contain provisions related to financial or asset disclosure, exploitation of ones official position and privileges, etc. In defining the Legal and Ethical Violations of Defendants in Conflict, the following JC, AC, PORR and Law are a handful of those Violated in this Court currently, as well as, in previous Courts and the Disciplinary Agencies and State Bar Associations.Defendants Proskauer & First Dept ConflictsExisting Conflicts discovered and those further created by Defendant Proskauer permitted to Self-Represent Defendant Proskauer before this Court or any court, include but are not limited to,1. Defendant Proskauer and Proskauer Partners have multiple vested Personal and Professional interests in the outcome of the Lawsuit. Interests include possible loss of all assets professionally and personally under the RICO Count and potential lengthy federal prison sentences when convicted, these conflicts make Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,2. Defendant Proskauer Partners Mashberg and Smith additionally represent themselves Pro Se in the Lawsuit, while also representing as Counsel, Proskauer their Law Firm and their Proskauer Partners, against Plaintiff, their former Intellectual Property and Business client, creating further conflicts. 3. In this Lawsuit, Defendants Proskauer and Foley initially contacted the NYAG together, with Proskauer acting as Counsel for Defendant Proskauer, a slight conflict, and Foley acting as Counsel for Defendant Foley, another slight conflict, to discuss Legal defense strategy with Monica Connell of the NYAG who represents 30+ State Defendants in these matters. The ability for Defendants Proskauer, Meltzer and Foley to interact directly with the NYAG, acting as their own Counsel to gain information relating to complaints and other sensitive date, discuss strategies against Plaintiff and influence possible Investigations regarding Iviewit Complaints filed against Proskauer and Foley with the NYAG over the last several years is ludicrous. The conflicts which act to Obstruct the NYAG from their duties to protect the public are perhaps criminal, especially where Proskauer represents as Counsel the NYAG, former NY AG Defendant Eliot Spitzer and possibly current NY AG Andrew Cuomo, creating further Conflicts, Violations of PORR, ACC and other Crimes as defined in the Amended Complaint and herein. These Conflicts make Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible, and at minimum require full Disclosure and Discovery on this specified topic of these specified parties provided to Appellant-Plaintiff Bernstein upon vacating the Order of Dismissal, which should occur immediately. 4. Plaintiff filed Disciplinary Complaints against Defendant Proskauer and Proskauer Partners Defendants Gregg M. Mashberg and Joanna F. Smith with the First Dept DDC[68] for their Conflicts before the USDC. With the Complaints not fully resolved, this creates further Conflict with their already Conflicted Self-Representation of Proskauer and Proskauer Partners and their Conflicted Pro-Se Representation. These Conflicts make Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,5. Due to the fact that the First Dept DDC & First Dept are named Defendants in this Lawsuit, NYAG Connell was to redirect new Disciplinary Complaints filed with the First Dept DDC against Defendants Proskauer, Smith and Mashberg for the Violations before the USDC to a Non-Conflicted third party to handle them, seeing the obvious Conflicts. Plaintiff had contacted Connell to work around the Conflicts in advance and Connell had agreed to move the Complaints and was seeking the appropriate party to transfer them for unbiased review. Instead, while Plaintiff was waiting docketing numbers and for Connell to find a Non-Conflicted authority to handle the Disciplinary Complaints, the First Dept DDC interceded and acted in Conflict by ruling on the Complaints, attempting to dismiss the Complaints[69] against other Defendants in the Lawsuit. Defendant First Dept DDC made Rulings on new Disciplinary Complaints while a Defendant in the same Lawsuit, acting in Conflict and while having Representative Counsel in these matters, the NYAG, whereby as Lawyers the First Dept DDC knew contact with Plaintiff should be through their Representative Counsel the NYAG only. For this brazen attempt to dismiss the Complaints for other Defendants while in Conflict and Violating ACC, PORR and Law, Plaintiff filed Disciplinary Complaints against the First Dept DDC Officers who acted in the dismissal in Violation of ACC, PORR and Law as further defined herein. These Disciplinary Complaints against the Chairman and Chief Counsel of the First Dept DDC, are still awaiting formal Docketing and Disposition and these conflicts make Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,6. Defendant Proskauer is a Shareholder of Plaintiffs Iviewit companies conflicting them yet again as defined in the Amended Complaint, making Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,7. Defendant Proskauer and all Proskauer Partners are not only Defendants, Shareholders of Plaintiff Iviewit companies in this Lawsuit but also many are Material Fact Witnesses to events in this Lawsuit, having previously been the main Law Firm, Lawyers, Shareholders and even Board Members of the Iviewit companies. These Conflicts make Proskauer continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible. Events Proskauer will be a central Witness to, include but are not limited to,a. Defendant Proskauer is alleged and being investigated currently for their central role in the Theft of Plaintiffs Technologies, as defined in the Amended Complaint,b. Defendant Proskauer and the Proskauer Intellectual Property Lawyers Licensed with the USPTO are under ONGOING Investigation by the USPTO, the USPTO OED and the Institute of Professional Representatives before the European Patent Office (epi) for their central role with the direction of the filing of False and Fraudulent Intellectual Property Applications with US Government and International Agencies and more, creating further Conflict as defined in the Amended Complaint,c. Defendant Proskauer is alleged and being investigated currently for their central role in creating at least 14 Fraudulent Iviewit Shell Companies[70] and a Fraudulent set of Intellectual Properties in false Inventors names, in order to steal Plaintiff Technologies, as defined in the Amended Complaint,d. Defendant Proskauer is alleged and being investigated currently for their central role in a Fraudulent Bankruptcy proceeding against Iviewit companies as defined in the Amended Complaint, e. Defendant Proskauer is alleged and being investigated currently for their central role in a Fraud on a Florida Civil Court in a Fraudulent billing lawsuit against several of the Fraudulent Iviewit Shell Companies they created, as defined in the Amended Complaint, 8. Defendants Proskauer and Rubenstein control a Patent Pooling Scheme through Defendant MPEGLA, LLC that directly competes with their former Intellectual Property client Plaintiff Bernsteins Technologies causing Conflict and making Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,9. Defendant Proskauer Partner Matthew Triggs ( Triggs ) was confirmed by The Florida Bar to have Violated Florida Bar PORR in representing Defendants Proskauer and Proskauer Partner Wheeler in Disciplinary Complaints while Triggs was an Officer of the Florida Bar and Proskauer Partner, creating Conflict. Triggs barred from representing ANY party in ANY Complaints for a period of one year after his service with the Florida Bar, as an Officer of the Florida Bar. Triggs Violated this PORR in handling his Proskauer Partner Wheeler Bar Complaint and based on Andersons claims and the fact that the First Dept DDC and Florida Bar information was shared between the two agencies and influenced the decisions of the two agencies, the Triggs PORR Violations and Wheeler Bar Complaint will be appealed shortly, these Conflicts making Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible, 10. Additional Conflict in the Wheeler Florida Bar Complaint includes former President of the Florida Bar, Defendant Kelley Overstreet Johnson, who worked for Defendant Proskauer Partner Wheelers brother, Defendant James Wheeler at Defendant Law Firm Broad & Cassel creating Conflict. Johnson simultaneously handled the Wheeler Complaint at the Florida Bar while failing to disclose her Conflict with Wheelers brother at her firm and prevented the filing of Bar Complaints against Triggs for his CONFIRMED VIOLATION OF PORR BY THE FLORIDA BAR. Johnson prevented the Triggs complaint from formal docketing and disposition according to Law, in Violation of the US and Florida Constitution and further denying Due Process to Plaintiff. Based on Andersons claims, Plaintiff will be appealing the Florida court cases at the Florida Supreme Court and the United States Supreme Court regarding the Bar Complaints, making Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,11. Defendant Proskauer Partner Krane acted to Obstruct Justice at the First Dept DDC uncovered in part by Defendant Wolfe who exposed that Krane was representing his firm Proskauer while an Officer of the First Dept DDC and also having other Public Office roles in the NY disciplinary system which Conflicted him, as defined in the Amended Complaint, making Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,12. Defendant Proskauer Partner Krane, acted to Obstruct Justice at the First Dept DDC which was uncovered in part by Wolfe exposing that Krane was representing his firm Proskauer while an immediate past President of the NYSBA while precluded by NYSBA Rules from representing ANY party in Disciplinary Complaint for a period of one year after Public Office service, Kranes Violation of this PORR causes Conflict and makes Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,13. Defendant Proskauer Partner Kranes actions in conspiracy with Defendant Cahill caused complaints against Krane, his Partner Rubenstein, the firm Proskauer, the firm Meltzer and Raymond Joao to be ordered by the First Dept court to be transferred for investigation of the Conflicts, Violations of ACC and PORR which created the Appearance of Impropriety, making Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,14. Defendant Proskauer Partner Kranes actions in conspiracy with Defendant Cahill caused complaints against Cahill transferred for an investigative inquiry as proscribed by the PORR of the First Dept DDC and whereby at the time of the Amended Complaint, defendant Martin Gold charged with the Special Inquiry had not investigated the matters making Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,15. Defendants Proskauer, Proskauer Partners Rubenstein and Krane, Meltzer and Raymond Joao all ordered in Unpublished Orders by the First Dept for investigation for Conflicts and Appearance of Impropriety involving the Krane and Cahill Public Office Violations. Statements made in the Legally Related WHISTLEBLOWER Lawsuit of Anderson, by Anderson, further support Plaintiffs claims of Public Office Corruption involving Cahill. Proskauer, Krane and Cahills Conflicts in the First Dept DDC and the fact that the Investigations remain incomplete makes Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,16. Yet another Conflicted Public Office Lawyer and Investigator, Defendant Diane Maxwell Kearse (Kearse) at the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division Second Department (Second Dept) DDC and other members of Defendant Second Dept. then derailed the First Dept Court Ordered Investigations. Defendant Kearse refused to follow the First Dept court Orders for Investigations[71]. Kearse then refused to docket complaints against her personally and other members of the Second Dept and Second Dept DDC, all in Violation of ACC and PORR. Violating Plaintiffs right to file complaints against civil servants, a Violation of Plaintiffs rights under the New York and United States Constitutions. Kearse admitted to Conflict with Krane in Violation of ACC, PORR and Law and then despite repeated requests for Disclosure and Resolution of the Conflict, she continued to act on the matters attempting to dismiss the Complaints on Review in opposite the First Dept Order for Investigation, Kearses Violation of the Court Order and her Conflicts with Krane, as described in the Amended Complaint, make Proskauers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,Defendants Meltzer, Joao and Dreier ConflictsExisting Conflicts discovered and those further created by Defendant Meltzer permitted to Self-Represent Defendant Meltzer before this Court or any court, include but are not limited to,1. Defendant Meltzer and Meltzer Partners, including Joao and Rubenstein, have multiple vested Personal and Professional interests in the outcome of the Lawsuit. Interests include possible loss of all assets professionally and personally, under the RICO Count and potential lengthy federal prison sentences when convicted, these conflicts make Meltzers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,2. Defendant Meltzer represents as Counsel, Meltzer the Law Firm and the Defendant Meltzer Partners, against Plaintiff, their former Intellectual Property client, creating further conflicts and making Meltzers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,3. Defendant Joao, formerly of Meltzer and Defendant Proskauer Partner Rubenstein formerly of Defendant Meltzer are further Conflicted with Plaintiff, as Joao now has 90+[72] patents in his own name (while submitting fraudulent patents for Plaintiff, some with dates of 1900 and 2020 on a US Patent Application[73]) that compete with Plaintiffs Technologies as they were learned from Disclosure by Plaintiff with Joao, causing Conflict and making Meltzers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,4. Defendant Rubenstein of Proskauer initially upon meeting Plaintiff was with Defendant Meltzer, yet Proskauer falsely represented to Plaintiff that Rubenstein was with Proskauer. Rubenstein is the sole patent evaluator and Counsel for MPEGLA LLC. who controls the Patent Pooling Scheme of Defendant MPEGLA, LLC that he formed while at Meltzer. MPEGLA, LLC now directly competes with Plaintiffs Technologies as they were learned from Disclosure by Plaintiff with Rubenstein, causing Conflict as described further in the Amended Complaint and making Meltzers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,5. Defendant Meltzer and the Meltzer Intellectual Property Lawyers Licensed with the USPTO are under ONGOING Investigation by the USPTO, the USPTO OED and the Institute of Professional Representatives before the European Patent Office (epi) for their central role in filing the False and Fraudulent Intellectual Property Applications with US Government and International Intellectual Property Agencies under the direction of Rubenstein and Proskauer, as defined further in the Amended Complaint, creating further Conflict and making Meltzers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,6. Defendant Meltzer Partners are not only Defendants in this Lawsuit but also are Material Fact Witnesses to critical events in this Lawsuit. Meltzer having previously been one of the main Intellectual Property Law Firms referred by and under the direction of Defendant Proskauer and Rubenstein on behalf of Plaintiff and the Iviewit companies to file the Intellectual Properties, this Conflict making Meltzers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,7. Defendants Proskauer, Proskauer Partners Rubenstein and Krane, Meltzer and Raymond Joao all ordered in Unpublished Orders by the First Dept for investigation for Conflicts and Appearance of Impropriety involving the Krane and Cahill Public Office Violations. Statements made in the Legally Related WHISTLEBLOWER Lawsuit of Anderson, by Anderson, further support Plaintiffs claims of Public Office Corruption involving Cahill. Proskauer, Krane, Rubenstein, Meltzer, Joao and Cahills Conflicts in the First Dept DDC ordered for Investigations that remain uninvestigated, as described in the Proskauer Conflicts section above, in addition make Meltzers continued Conflicted Self-Representation before this Court impossible,8. Defendant Joaos Counsel in these matters and in the initial Disciplinary Complaint matters before the First Dept DDC, John W. Fried, was a party to the actions that led to the still pending First Dept court ordered Investigations, making Fried now a Witness in these matters and a possible future defendant. Frieds prior actions at the First Dept DDC on behalf of Joao, include making alleged false and perjurious statements to Investigators as part of a Fraud on that Court as defined in the Amended Complaint, making Frieds continued Conflicted Representation of Joao before this Court impossible,Defendant Foleys Conflicts and the Virginia Attorney General Conflicts with Foley that Conflict the Virginia Attorney General from further Representation of DefendantsExisting Conflicts discovered with Defendant Foley, include but are not limited to,1. Defendant Foley and Foley Partners have multiple vested Personal and Professional interests in the outcome of the Lawsuit. Interests include possible loss of all assets professionally and personally under the RICO Count and potential lengthy federal prison sentences when convicted, these conflicts make Foleys Self-Representation before the USDC a Violation of ACC,2. Defendant Foley initially represented themselves in Conflict in these matters against former retained Intellectual Property client Plaintiff Bernstein and the Iviewit companies, making Foleys initial Self-Representation a Violation of ACC.3. Defendant Foleys role as acting Counsel for the Defendants Virginia Bar, Virginia Supreme Court and the Virginia Attorney General, all under the aegis of the Virginia Commonwealth cause Conflict and was discovered in a Press Release that states, Foley & Lardner, a law firm headquartered in Washington, D.C., has been appointed by Virginia Attorney General Jerry W. Kilgore to provide legal services to the Commonwealth of Virginia and its agencies in matters of intellectual property. (Press release)[74], The representation of the Virginia Bar, Virginia Supreme Court and the Virginia Attorney General by Foley now Conflicts the Virginia Attorney General from Representing the Defendants Virginia Bar and Virginia Supreme Court who were involved in the Disciplinary Complaint filed against Defendant Foley Partner William Dick. In fact, despite knowledge that Foleys Representation of the Virginia Attorney General may cause Conflict in the matters before the Court, the Virginia Attorney General ignores the Conflict Disclosure Requests sent by Plaintiff and continues to submit Pleadings without first confirming if in fact the Virginia Attorney General is Conflicted. In a March 02, 2009 correspondence with Stephen Hall, Assistant Attorney General III for the Virginia Attorney General and Counsel to Defendants Virginia Bar and Virginia Supreme Court, Hall states,I do not know if Foley has represented us in any matters or not. If the matter was completely unrelated to this matter, I am not sure it would matter. For example, if they worked for us in a case having nothing to do with the facts in your complaint, I cannot see how that would violate any ethical rule. I can check tomorrow provided that our office is open, but I am quite certain they did no work related to these facts.In reply to this email from Hall, Plaintiff responded with the following on March 02, 2009,One more thing Mr. Hall, it disturbs me greatly that you are just getting around to check if conflict exists when you have known about these issues for months and failed to check or even set up appropriate protections for your offices and me and continued to act in these matters. Just a wee bit late to start fact checking now when you knew the same facts several months ago and just ignored them, as your clients did with the William J. Dick and Foley & Lardner complaints filed at the Virginia Bar. For this action, I wish to levy a complaint against you with your offices and please take this entire document as the initial basis for a formal complaint of such and instantly turn these matters over to your superior. Please direct me to your direct report so that I may take any further steps necessary to request officially formal investigation of you and your offices. Thank you.Hall fails to ever check or reply formally to date over five months and continues to submit Pleadings to this Court and whereby these Conflicts make the Virginia Attorney Generals continued Conflicted Representation before this Court impossible, until both the Conflicts and the Newly Filed Complaint against Hall are resolved, 4. In this Lawsuit, Defendants Proskauer and Foley[75] initially contacted the NYAG together, Proskauer acting as Counsel for Defendant Proskauer, a slight conflict, Foley acting as Counsel for Defendant Foley, another slight conflict, to discuss defense strategy with Monica Connell of the NYAG who represents the 30+ State Defendants in these matters. The ability for Defendants Proskauer and Foley to interact directly with the NYAG as Counsel for themselves and gain information, discuss strategy against Plaintiff and influence possible Investigations regarding Iviewit Complaints filed against Proskauer and Foley with the NYAG over the last several years is ludicrous, perhaps criminal and certainly is Conflicting, making Foleys Self-Representation before the USDC a Violation of ACC, 5. Upon Plaintiffs noticing the USDC that Foley was acting in Conflict and that Plaintiff filed Disciplinary Complaints with the First Dept DDC for Foleys Conflicted Self-Representation, Foley did an immediate about face withdrawing as Self- Representing Counsel, without seeking USDC approval to replace and retain new counsel. New counsel, Friedman, Kaplan, Seiler & Adelman LLP, then attempted to mislead the USDC that Foley had not acted initially as Counsel for themselves when they contacted the NYAG regarding legal strategy against Plaintiff with Proskauer, versus reporting the misconduct of Foley as required by ACC. New Counsels failure to report the Misconduct causes yet another Violation of ACC thereby making the integrity of Foleys new Counsel questionable and subject to full COI Disclosure to this Court and Plaintiff prior to submission of further Pleadings on behalf of Foley. Plaintiff is formulating a complaint for this Violation of ACC against Friedman, Kaplan, Seiler & Adelman LLP for Aiding and Abetting a Fraud on the Court, as soon as the NYAG finds a Non-Conflicted third party to handle new Disciplinary Complaints against First Dept DDC licensed Lawyers.6. Disciplinary Complaints against Defendant Foley and Foley Partners Defendants Todd C. Norbitz and Anne B. Sekel filed with the First Dept DDC[76] for their Conflicts before the USDC acting as Foley Counsel, 7. Due to the fact that the First Dept DDC & First Dept are named Defendants in this Lawsuit, NYAG Connell was to redirect new Disciplinary Complaints filed with the First Dept DDC against Defendants Foley, Norbitz and Sekel for the Violations before the USDC to a Non-Conflicted third party to handle them, seeing the obvious Conflicts. Plaintiff had contacted Connell to work around the Conflicts in advance and Connell had agreed to move the Complaints and was seeking the appropriate party to transfer them for unbiased review. Instead, while Plaintiff was waiting docketing numbers and for Connell to find a Non-Conflicted authority to handle the Disciplinary Complaints, the First Dept DDC interceded and acted in Conflict by ruling on the Foley complaints, attempting to dismiss the complaints[77] against other Defendants in the Lawsuit. Defendant First Dept DDC made rulings, on new Disciplinary Complaints, while a Defendant in the same Lawsuit, acting in Conflict and while having Representative Counsel in these matters, the NYAG, whereby as Lawyers they knew contact with Plaintiff should be through Counsel only. A brazen attempt to dismiss the Complaints for other Defendants that Plaintiff then filed Disciplinary Complaints against the First Dept DDC Officers who acted in the dismissal in Violation of ACC, PORR and Law,8. Defendant Foley and all Foley Partners are not only Defendants in this Lawsuit but also many are Material Fact Witnesses to events in this Lawsuit creating Conflict, having previously been one of the main Law Firms, Intellectual Property Lawyers and even Board Members of the Iviewit companies, referred by and under the direction of Proskauer and Rubenstein. Events Foley will be a central Witness to, include but are not limited to,a. Defendant Foley is alleged and being investigated currently for their central role in the Theft of Plaintiffs Technologies, as defined in the Amended Complaint,b. Defendant Foley and the Foley Intellectual Property Lawyers Licensed with the USPTO are under ONGOING Investigation by the USPTO, the USPTO OED and the Institute of Professional Representatives before the European Patent Office (epi) for their central role with the filing of False and Fraudulent Intellectual Property Applications with US Government and International Agencies, as defined in the Amended Complaint.Former IP Counsel to Plaintiff Greenberg Traurig Conflict Representing Florida Bar and Florida Supreme CourtThe Conflicts existing and further created by Greenberg Traurig ( Greenberg ) acting as Counsel for Defendants The Florida Bar and Florida Supreme Court are as follows:1. Defense counsel for The Florida Bar and Florida Supreme Court, Greenberg, previously retained by Plaintiff to investigate Patent Fraud by Defendants Proskauer, Meltzer, Foley and Others and now represents Defendants Florida Bar and Florida Supreme Court against former Client Interests in directly related matters. This Conflict making Greenbergs continued Conflicted Representation before this Court impossible, and should be immediately rectified together with the other relief requested herein.2. Greenberg retained[78] as Counsel by Plaintiff through Caroline Prochotska Rogers, Esq. to perform initial investigation of the allegations of Intellectual Property Fraud by Defendants Proskauer, Foley and Meltzer. The findings by Greenberg of Fraudulent Patent Applications filed at the USPTO and International IP Offices filed at the direction of Proskauer and filed by Foley and Meltzer that did not match the Intellectual Property Dockets given to Plaintiff, the Iviewit companies, Iviewit Shareholders and Investors. After completing part of Phase 1 Greenberg discovered Applications filed solely in Defendant Utleys name that were previously unknown to the Iviewit companies and many other major inconsistencies between the official filings and the Law Firms IP Dockets, including fraudulent Inventors, Owners and Assignees. These findings led to Civil Legal Actions and Complaints with State, Federal and International authorities regarding the Crimes against many of the Defendants, all central to these matters. Intellectual Property Dockets prepared by Defendants Proskauer, Foley and Meltzer for Iviewit were used in raising capital, including from the SBA, Wachovia, Huizenga and Crossbow Ventures which contained false and fraudulent information compared to that on file with worldwide Intellectual Property Offices. Greenberg will therefore be a Material Witness for Plaintiff as former Counsel and now for their actions in Conflict a future Defendant and simultaneously Counsel to Defendants directly related to the matter and their former work. It behooves one to think that the Florida Bar and Florida Supreme Court cannot find Non-Conflicted Counsel to represent them in these matters, certainly they must know another law firm. These Conflicts of Greenberg representing Defendants against their former Client makes Greenbergs continued Conflicted Representation before this Court impossible,3. More recently than Greenberg Traurigs involvement with the Jack Abramoff Scandal, Greenberg Traurig has now been implicated in the Madoff Ponzi scheme, as the lawyers for Madoffs longtime, now defunct accountant Avellino & Bienes[79]and[80]. Avellino & Bienes convicted by the SEC in the past and issued an, ORDER OF PERMANENT INJUNCTION AND CIVIL PENALTIES ENTERED AGAINST AVELLINO & BIENES, FRANK AVELLINO AND MICHAEL BIENES. The Commissions complaint alleged that from at least 1962 to at least July 1992, the defendants sold unregistered securities to the public and from at least 1984 through November 1992, A&B, aided and abetted by Avellino and Bienes, operated as an unregistered investment company.[81] The Commission announced that the Honorable John E. Sprizzo, District Judge for the Southern District of New York, permanently enjoined, by consent, Avellino & Bienes (A&B), Frank Avellino (Avellino) and Michael Bienes (Bienes) from further violations of Sections 5(a) and 5(c) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940. A&B agreed to pay a civil penalty of $250,000 and Avellino and Bienes each agreed to pay civil penalties of $50,000. Thus, Avellino & Bienes is being implicated as the original Madoff Ponzi Scheme, as Greenberg Traurig was legal counsel for Avellino and as Madoff may have implications with these matters through Defendant Proskauer as well, further Conflict may exist that make Greenbergs continued Conflicted Representation before this Court impossible,4. Recently Greenberg Traurig implicated in the SFG / Stanford Ponzi scheme[82]and[83] and their role in the creation of Stanfords banking operations and interactions with regulators that may be questionable, this Conflict making Greenbergs continued Conflicted Representation before this Court impossible.Defendant New York Attorney General Conflicts Create Obstruction of Justice and Conflict discovered with Defendant NYAG being Represented by Defendant ProskauerThe Conflicts existing and further created by Defendant NYAG permitted to Self-Represent Defendant NYAG, Defendant former NY AG Spitzer and the State Defendants are as follows:1. Defendant NYAG Self-Represents in the Amended Complaint, as they are a named Defendant in the Amended Complaint, while continuing representation of approximately 30 Defendant State Officials and Public Offices, this Conflict making the NYAGs continued Conflicted Self-Representation and Representation for ANY Defendants before this Court impossible at this time. 2. Defendant Former Disgraced New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer had Conflicts with Defendant Proskauer who Represented the NYAG and Spitzer in Hookergate and Troopergate during the time Plaintiff filed Complaints with the NYAG. Spitzer failed to acknowledge Public Office Corruption complaints filed against Proskauer and Others by Plaintiff[84], Complaints that resulted from the First Dept Court Ordered Investigations of Proskauer et al. NYAG Spitzer failed to acknowledge the initial Complaints while failing to disclose the NYAG / Proskauer Attorney Client relationship, this Conflict making the NYAGs continued Conflicted Self-Representation and Representation for ANY Defendants before this Court impossible at this time.3. Plaintiff requested the NYAG to re-investigate the initial complaints filed with their offices based on the Krane and First Dept DDC Conflicts based on the new Anderson Public Office Corruption lawsuit[85], which wholly supported Plaintiffs earlier allegations, while addressing the new information discovered regarding the Conflict between the NYAG and Proskauer. Plaintiff is still awaiting information regarding the Ongoing Investigation by the NYAG which creates further Conflict and possible Obstruction of Justice, as defined further herein, this Conflict making the NYAGs continued Conflicted Self-Representation and Representation for ANY Defendants before this Court impossible at this time,4. NY AG Andrew Cuomo replacing Spitzer, then approved Proskauers Legal Fee billed to the NYAG and paid for by the State of New York, for Spitzers Legal Representation by Proskauer in HookerGate and TrooperGate. Cuomo has initiated Investigations regarding the recently submitted request for re-investigation of the earlier Iviewit complaints, formally confirming receipt and review of the Iviewit Complaint[86]. The question remains if Proskauer remains representing the NYAG Offices and Officers and the full nature and time frame of the relationship that without full Disclosure of Conflicts by the NYAG, this unresolved Conflict makes the NYAGs continued Conflicted Self-Representation and Representation for ANY Defendants before this Court impossible at this time,5. The NY AG Cuomo may also have Conflict with Judge Judith Kaye due to his fathers appointment to Kaye as Chief Judge and while Scheindlin attempted to answer the question for Cuomo when Plaintiff formally requested Conflict Disclosure from Cuomo, Plaintiff demands full Disclosure from the NYAG directly regarding this and any other Conflicts that may be unknown at this time, PRIOR to any further submissions to this Court which may be tendered in Conflict and Violation of ACC, PORR and Law, this unresolved Conflict makes the NYAGs continued Conflicted Self-Representation and Representation for ANY Defendants before this Court impossible at this time,6. NYAG has further Conflicts in representing nearly 30+ Defendants in this Lawsuit in Public Office Corruption related charges with differing and multiple interests, including several similar defendants named in the Anderson Whistleblower Lawsuit. The Conflict created here is that the NYAG is representing State Defendants who are Defendants in Andersons Lawsuit, which acts to preclude the NYAG from investigating those same Defendants they are representing as counsel that on the other hand they are the Legally Obligated Public Agency to investigate the Public Office corruption alleged in Anderson against their Client Defendants. This Conflict is particularly nefarious as it creates Obstruction of Justice by preventing the NYAG from investigating their State Defendant Clients they represent as Counsel. The NYAG cannot without at minimum providing Full Disclosure and then instituting a China Wall to prevent Conflict, both represent as Counsel and Investigate as obligated by PORR, the same party. Therefore, the NYAG Public Office Legal Duties and Obligations of Investigation of Defendants First Dept, First Dept DDC, Wolfe, Cahill, etc. are Obstructed by the NYAGs simultaneous Representation of the same Defendants. The Obstruction created acts to block both Plaintiff and Anderson from having the NYAG Public Integrity Unit responsible for investigating alleged Public Office Crimes perform their Legal Duties and Obligations to investigate on behalf of the Public. Plaintiff has recently sought from the NYAG application of New York State Public Officers Law  17 Sec 2 (b)[87] to force individual state officers to seek independent and Non-Conflicted counsel, to remove the NYAG Conflict and Obstruction and allow the NYAG to perform their Public Office Legal Duties and Obligations. This Court should similarly force the NYAG to notify their State Defendant Clients to go get a lawyer, or upon the Courts own motion force similar action, of course, Non-Conflicted lawyers. This unresolved Conflict that causes Obstruction of Justice makes the NYAGs continued Conflicted Self-Representation and Representation for ANY Defendants before this Court impossible at this time and may be cause for filing of Obstruction charges against the NYAG,1. The NYAG creates Conflict and possible Public Office Violations by having strategy sessions with multiple private Defendants, including but not limited to, Foley and Proskauer. The private Defendants acting as their own Counsel before the NYAG in strategy meetings in Violation of ACC, PORR and Law, the same Defendants who the NYAG Public Integrity and related units should be investigating for their part in the Public Office Crimes. Instead, the Defendants are working with the NYAG on Legal Defenses against Plaintiff, Anderson and the Legally Related Cases who are exposing the Corruption and Defendants are gaining information from the NYAG on Complaints filed with the NYAG relating to them, not only a MAJOR CONFLICT but perhaps CRIMINAL COLLUSION.NOTE: ** State actors conspiring in violation of 42 USC Sec. 1983 and RICO with private defendants and individuals renders the private defendants state actors for liability purposes herein thus clearly rendering the Amended Complaint as having stated valid claims for federal relief and original jurisdiction by the District Court herein which should thus immediately vacate the Aug. 8, 2008 erroneous Order of Dismissal by US District Judge Scheindlin. ** 7. Plaintiff has contacted the NYAG Chief of Staff Steven Cohen regarding working out the NYAGs multiple Conflicts and Obstruction[88]and finding a possible forward path, which avoids filing of Criminal Obstruction charges with the appropriate Criminal Authorities against the NYAG, if such solution is possible. This unresolved Conflict that causes possible further Public Office Crimes makes the NYAGs continued Conflicted Self-Representation and Representation for ANY Defendants before this Court impossible at this time and may be cause for filing of Obstruction and Other charges against the NYAG, including participation in the RICO elements of the case. The mere fact that the NYAG has not been able to respond in over a month should be sufficient proof of existing conflicts, which should have been corrected, by the District Court and the US Second Circuit prior to this stage of litigation. This Court & USDC Conflicts Acting to Deny Plaintiff Due Process through Obstruction of Justice1. Winter and Wolfes Conflicts deny Due Process and deny a stay to seek involvement of the DOJ on behalf of interests of the United States. Permitting the Law Firm and Lawyer Conflicts to continue at the US Second Circuit continues to Obstruct Justice and continues the Abuse of Process which furthers the Fraud on this Court as defined herein, that is actionable. Actionable as the Obstruction continues to Aid and Abet the underlying frauds and crimes against the rightful Iviewit Intellectual Property Interest Holders and Inventors by keeping them Covered-Up. This Court has stated that [w]hen a potential or actual Conflict of Interest situation arises, it is the courts duty to ensure that the attorneys client, so involved, is fully aware of the nature of the Conflict and understands the potential threat to the protection of his interests. In re Taylor, 567 F.2d 1183, 1191 (2d Cir.1977). Because of the imminent threat of a serious conflict, disqualification would have been appropriate here even before any proceedings began. See Shadid v. Jackson, 521 F.Supp. 87, 88-90 (E.D.Tex.1981) (granting motion to disqualify in virtually identical case because of high potential for conflicting loyalties). Cf. Armstrong v. McAlpin, 625 F.2d 433, 444-46 (2d Cir.1980) (en banc) (disqualification appropriate when conflict will taint a trial by affecting attorneys presentation of a case), vacated on other grounds, 449 U.S. 1106, 101 S.Ct. 911, 66 L.Ed.2d 835 (1981). As noted in Dunton, The County Attorneys multiple representation in this case was inconsistent with his professional obligation to Officer Pfeiffer. See Hafter v. Farkas, 498 F.2d 587, 589 (2d Cir.1974). It was also inconsistent with Canons 5 and 9 of the ABA Code of Professional Responsibility. A Violation of Canons 5 and 9 of the Code, which call for exercising independent judgment on behalf of a client and avoiding any Appearance of Impropriety, provides ample grounds for disqualifying an attorney. Board of Education v. Nyquist, 590 F.2d 1241, 1246 (2d Cir.1979). As soon as the County Attorney began to undermine Officer Pfeiffers good faith immunity defense by stating that Pfeiffer acted as an irate husband and not as a police officer, he was not only failing to act as a conscientious advocate for Pfeiffer, but was acting against Pfeiffers interest. The seriousness of this conflict made disqualification appropriate. Shadid v. Jackson, 521 F.Supp. at 88-90. In holding that the trial court had a duty to inform Pfeiffer of the conflict, we in no way excuse the conduct of the other attorneys here. Attorneys are officers of the court, Clark v. United States, 289 U.S. 1, 12, 53 S.Ct. 465, 468, 77 L.Ed. 993 (1933), and are obligated to adhere to all disciplinary rules and to report incidents of which they have unprivileged knowledge involving Violations of a disciplinary rule. ABA Code of Professional Responsibility, DR 1-102(A), 1-103(A); see In re Walker, 87 A.D.2d 555, 560, 448 N.Y.S.2d 474, 479 (1st Dept 1982) (as officers of court, attorneys required to notify parties and court of error in court order). The County Attorney had to know of the serious conflict his multiple representation created, see, e.g., App. at 1163, and knew or should have known that he could not fulfill his ethical obligations to the county without seriously undercutting Pfeiffers legal position. The plaintiffs attorney should also have been aware of the problem and should have called it to the attention of the court. See Estates Theatres, Inc. v. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc., 345 F.Supp. 93, 98 (S.D.N.Y.1972) ([T]hose attorneys representing other parties to the litigation were obligated to report relevant facts [regarding Conflict of Interest of opponent's attorney] to the Court .) (citing DR 1-102).In the Lawsuit at hand, this Courts own Chief Clerk Wolfe has been involved in the discovery of improprieties by Proskauer attorney Krane and First Dept DDC former Chief Counsel Cahill in relation to the adjudication of complaints and grievances involving Proskauer attorneys at the First Dept DDC relating to Iviewit. Likewise, the NY AG involved in virtually the identical Conflict situation as noted in Dunton above such that Due Process and Fair proceedings would lead to admissions by multiple Public Officers of the First Dept, First Dept DDC and other State agencies also making application of the NY Public Officers Law Sec. 17 by the NYAG required at this time. Yet, through Judge Winter, Wolfe has been part of the illegal Abuse of Process in this Court to deny a stay of proceedings to seek the involvement of the DOJ, at the same time Wolfe now scheduled to be a star witness in the Legally Related Anderson Lawsuit now declared by Scheindlin as involving Public Office Corruption. Again, the original Anderson complaint referenced Iviewit matters as involved in the corruption therein. In its barest terms, Defendant Proskauer was able to commit crimes against Plaintiff, the Iviewit Shareholders and Inventors then other Proskauer attorneys, Defendants Krane and Triggs, acted to Obstruct Justice and Cover-Up the Crimes through subterfuge of the complaints at the First Dept DDC and the Florida Supreme Court, doing so in Violation of ACC, PORR and Law. Triggs also simultaneously represented Proskauer in the Proskauer billing Lawsuit in the Labarga Civil Court in Conflict and Violation of AC, PORR and Law regarding Multiple Representations while a Bar Officer, as defined in the Amended Complaint. Labargas Lawsuit represents the initial Fraud on a court; a fraud that remains today being uncovered, new information being learned even recently (i.e. Anderson) as it relates to the totality of the crimes, including the fraudulent books discovered by Arthur Andersen and others, the fraudulent set of patent applications and the fraudulent involuntary bankruptcy. Further, new information shows how all frauds interrelate to the ongoing PATTERN OF CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR BY THE ALLEGED RICO CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE COMPOSED PRIMARILY OF LAW FIRMS, LAWYERS AND PUBLIC OFFICIALS, AIDED AND ABETTED BY ILLEGAL ABUSE OF PROCESS AND VIOLATIONS OF PUBLIC OFFICES ACTING TO SUBTERFUGE LEGAL DUE PROCESS CREATING A STRANGLEHOLD ON JUSTICE IN THIS COURT BY CRIMINALS. Defendant Proskauer and Proskauer Defendants Mashberg and Smith, now brazenly represent as Counsel Defendant Proskauer before this Court, as with the USDC as if the word Conflict has no meaning and the Court rules have no relevance. Further, Defendants Mashberg and Smith also represent Defendants Mashberg and Smith as Pro Se Counsel, Conflict that Violates virtually the entire ACC, including the fact that the newbie partners have LEGAL Duties under ACC to Report Violations of the ACC and Law committed by their Partners. All of these Conflicts continuing while Scheindlin acknowledged substantive conflicts and yet neither this Court nor that court act to resolve such Conflicts. The Conflicts so thick, so as to render this Court and its rulings a Joke, as further evidence of continued Fraud on the Court.Thus;1. Filed complaints against several Second Dept and Second Dept DDC members and Defendants remain not properly docketed and disposed of according to well-established departmental rules and need to be both docketed and investigated properly to conclusion, free of further Conflict and Obstruction.2. The First Dept Orders for investigations of Proskauer et al. need investigation to proper conclusion, free of further Conflict, removed from the First Dept DDC and Second Dept DDC, as they are now Defendants in these matters, and cannot handle complaints against themselves. Still recently, even after service of the Original Complaint naming them as Defendants, the First Dept DDC acted in Conflict handling complaints against Cahill and other Defendants in these matters, attempting to dismiss the complaints against Defendants in these matters. The new illegal actions constitute the need for further review of all prior complaints, free of conflict and then reviewed by the non-conflicted parties; complaints filed in relation to certain of these matters already.Violations of Judicial Cannons, Attorney Conduct Codes and LawIn defining the Legal and Ethical Violations of Defendants with Legal Titles, the following JC, ACC and Law are a handful of those Violated in this Court currently, in previous courts, in Public Offices and the Disciplinary Agencies that have handled these matters since the year 2000.Judicial Canon 1. A Judge Should Uphold the Integrity and Independence of the JudiciaryThis Court, the District Court, the Florida Civil Court, Others named herein and in the Amended Complaint by failing to adhere to the JC, PORR, ACC and Law, have failed to uphold the integrity of the Judiciary as already defined herein and in the Amended Complaint.Judicial Canon 2. A Judge Should Avoid Impropriety and the Appearance of Impropriety in All ActivitiesThis Court, the USDC, Others named herein and in the Amended Complaint by failing to adhere to the JC, PORR, ACC and Law, have caused an Appearance of Impropriety by denying Due Process, creating Obstructions of Justice and committing a total Fraud on the Courts and the Disciplinary Agencies as already defined herein and in the Amended Complaint.Judicial Canon 3. A Judge Should Perform the Duties of the Office Impartially and Diligently This Court, the USDC, Others named herein and in the Amended Complaint by failing to adhere to the JC, PORR, ACC and Law, have failed to perform their Legal Duties and Obligations impartially by Violating their own JC, ACC and Law and acting and allowing a myriad of Conflicts of Interest. Similarly, all Justices have failed to Regulate and/or Report their legal brethren and to report all prior Violations of JC, PORR, ACC and Law, now becoming accomplice to the RICO Conspiracy and other charges alleged herein and in the Amended Complaint.Judicial Canon 5. A Judge Should Regulate Extra-Judicial Activities To Minimize the Risk of Conflict with Judicial DutiesThis Court must now await further direction from all oversight Authorities sought to intervene by Plaintiff, including the Office of the General Counsel Administrative Office of the United States Courts. Plaintiff will shortly file Complaints against this Court for proceeding with multiple Conflicts and committing further Violations of JC, PORR, ACC and Law that combined act to Obstruct Justice casting an overwhelming Appearance of Impropriety. Continued action by this Court prior to Conflict resolution constitutes reason for further filing of complaints under the Judicial Conduct and Disability Act of 1980 as amended and for new complaints to Law Enforcement regarding Title 18 Violations relating to Obstruction of Justice. This Court can take this Motion to Compel as FORMAL notice that Criminal Complaints formulated against this Court and others are forthcoming and this Court must now grant Plaintiff enough time for filing, review and decision by all oversight Authorities appealed to prior to further adjudication. Pleadings with requests for Conflict Disclosures Illegally denied response by this Court and Defendant Counsel, therefore Plaintiff demands this Court and all members of the Court, including all Attorneys of record handling these matters in anyway, immediately submit a completed Checklist for Conflicts[89] and Plaintiffs COI Disclosure Form[90] in accordance with JC, ACC, PORR and Law. This Court and all others requested can print Plaintiffs COI Disclosure Form by visiting the above referenced URL, signing and returning the COI Disclosure Form to Plaintiff, before continuing further handling the Lawsuit or Lawsuit information. Disclosures again demanded despite whether the oversight Authorities summoned allow this Court to proceed further. All Lawyers, Law Firms, Public Officials, Court Officials or Others handling the Lawsuit must submit proper Conflict Checks as required by JC, ACC, PORR and Law, in order that Plaintiff may have Due Process rights assuring a Fair and Impartial, Conflict free forum.Judicial Conflicts of Interest and RecusalAs a federal judge, you have the authority to resolve significant public and private disputes. Sometimes, though, a matter assigned to you may involve you or your family personally, or may affect individuals or organizations with which you have associations outside of your official duties. In these situations, if your impartiality might reasonably be questioned, you must disqualify or recuse yourself from the proceeding (the terms disqualify and recuse are commonly used interchangeably).This Court, the USDC and all Counsel acting before this Court must disclose and address involvement in any of the Defendant organizations sued by Plaintiff, Personally or Professionally, including any Attorney or Judicial Disciplinary Organizations, Legal Associations, etc. This Court and all of its members handling these matters in any way must address any relations, Personal or Professional, to any of the hundreds of Defendants in these matters and any stocks owned or other interests in any of the named Defendants Companies or Law Firms, as required by the JC, ACC, PORR and Law. Disclosure is necessary for any affiliation or relation to any of the Law Firms or Lawyers named as Defendants, including the thousands of attorneys who work at the Law Firms sued, as well as, any relation to any Defendant named in the Amended Complaint as required by JC, ACC, PORR and Law. Defendant Companies screened for Conflict should include all Companies who are licensors and licensees of Defendant MPEGLA LLC., an updated list found at the website, www.mpegla.com and more Defendant Companies can be found @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Appendix%20A/index.htm#NDALIST . Any Memberships or Affiliations to any Defendants or other unknown Conflicted parties must force recusal of anyone involved in this Lawsuit and replacement by a Non-Conflicted party, unless all parties deem such Conflicts moot. This Lawsuit is unique in that it involves a large mass of the legal community, especially in New York. Therefore, this Court and all members of this Court who are handling these matters, in order to provide a Fair and Impartial hearing, must disclose any iota of Conflict with any of the Defendants and not hide from such formal request giving the Appearance of Impropriety. For example, Judge Winter is an alumnus of Yale University and currently is Professor (Adjunct) of Law at Yale Law School[91]. The Plaintiffs Amended Complaint specifically points to a not so secret anymore cult, the Yale Skull and Bones as one of the main conspiratorial groups involved in the RICO action and where Defendant Proskauer lists as their client Yale University. This area of possible Conflict of Winter must be explored through full disclosure and any relation to Yale that Winter has must be analyzed for Conflict, as an example, it is unknown if he sits on any boards, etc. that may influence the contracting of Proskauer as Yale counsel or if he has any relations with Proskauer whatsoever. At minimum, affirmation or denial of potential Conflicts prior to further adjudication of the matters by Winter is mandatory. Winter completely avoided Disclosure even after repeated formal written request by Plaintiff who acts as Pro Se counsel with the right to Full Disclosure from Justices and Opposing Counsel handling these matters to ensure Fair and Impartial Due Process. Avoiding Disclosure, especially upon formal written request regarding substantive Conflicts creates an Appearance of Impropriety. In a recent request to this Court for an Extension of Time, attached to the Motion was a COI Disclosure Form, which requested Full Conflict Disclosure by this Court and Opposing Counsel of any Conflict prior to Ruling on the Motion. Yet, somehow, this Court proceeded with the Ruling and failed to confirm or deny Conflict, again, acting outside the JC, ACC, PORR and Law. Presumably if there were no Conflict, this Court would sign the requested Conflict Disclosure form, where failure to sign or even formally respond, again evokes an overwhelming Appearance of Impropriety. Failure to Disclose Conflict upon repeated request will also be basis for additional complaints to oversight Authorities of all Justices, Court Personnel and Opposing Counsel.Another example of Conflict for Winter or any Justice of this Court that must be resolved prior to further Adjudication through full Conflict Disclosure would be the overwhelming Appearance of Impropriety created by Wolfe, Clerk of this Court. Wolfe, a named Defendant and a material Witness in this Lawsuit and the Legally Related Lawsuit of Anderson causes Conflict as already defined herein. A China Wall from here to the moon might enable this Court to continue with the Lawsuit, with the Clerk of the Court in direct Conflict. Wolfe Conflicts others at the Court who are intimate in any way with her, Personally or Professionally, yet it is unlikely at this stage in the Litigation that the Conflict can be resolved, as the China Wall and Conflict Resolution would have had to taken place first and not after the fact of Wolfes direct involvement. In order for this Court to continue to act in these matters, the Court would have to remove Wolfe from any access to the Lawsuit information, including any of her subordinates and provide proof of such to Plaintiff to assure negation of the obvious Conflicts. Wolfe and her staff have already tainted this Lawsuit through reviewing documentation submitted to the Court prior to Disclosure and Resolution of the Conflicts, despite Plaintiffs repeated requests for Full Conflict Disclosure from Wolfe and this Court. The damage to Plaintiff already done by this Courts failure to ensure a Fair and Impartial Court by refusing written requests to this Court for Conflict Disclosure regarding Wolfes role and preceding as if Conflict disclosure does not apply to the Court, Court Personnel and Opposing Counsel. Plaintiff fears submitting further evidentiary information and legal strategy to a Court with such ongoing Illegal activity whereby Defendants gain access to confidential court files and pleadings, acting to Obstruct the ability of Plaintiff to properly prosecute the Amended Complaint herein and formulate legal strategy by filing with an unbiased and uncorrupted court.Grounds for Judicial DisqualificationDisqualification is required under Canon 3C(1)(a) to (e) in several situations: you have personal knowledge of disputed factsWolfe, as Defendant and as material Witness of disputed facts in these matters, definitely causes all the Justices and Clerks of this Court to come into Conflict with Plaintiff, as every member of this Court presumably has some Personal and Professional involvement with the affairs of Wolfe. Either way, Full Conflict Disclosure is required due to the obvious Appearance of Impropriety this evokes.The Court and/or individual Judges should also disqualify under Canon 3C(1) if the circumstances would cause a reasonable person to question your impartiality.Financial interests: financial interests that result in mandatory disqualification include  service as an officer, director, or active participant in the affairs of a party.Most of this Court, the Law Firms and Lawyers representing the matters may also be Officers, Directors and active participants in organizations that are Defendants in these matters. Again full and proper disclosure would be the only way Plaintiff can evaluate if all involved are Conflict free with the Defendants and refusal to Disclose Conflict denies Plaintiff the right to evaluate Conflict, again creating Obstruction through Conflict and/or failure to provide proper Conflict Disclosure. For example, holding membership, officer status and/or actively participating in the affairs of Defendants, including but not limited to, First Dept, Second Dept, the First Dept DDC, the Second Dept DDC and the NYSBA , would cause insurmountable Conflict that would have to be disclosed and resolved or negated prior to continued adjudication of the matters. Failure by this Court upon repeated requests to disclose memberships and/or affiliations in any Defendant Organization again imparts the Appearance of Impropriety and again Violates well established JC, ACC, PORR and Law. Membership in the NYSBA of itself may not be cause to disqualify a Justice, Law Firm or Lawyer from representing these matters, the NYSBA is a named Defendant and membership that goes beyond passive membership to active participation in the Defendant Organization certainly would be cause for Full Disclosure. Full Disclosure of the relationships is necessary therefore to evaluate the potential Conflicts, without the Disclosure imparts an Appearance of Impropriety and possibly Obstruction.Full Financial Disclosure required by all those handling this Lawsuit either affirming or denying any Financial Conflicts, including but not limited to, the Defendant Law Firms, the thousands of Lawyers in Defendant Law Firms, the hundreds of Corporations named in the Amended Complaint and the Public Agencies involved. Again, Disclosure and Conflict Checks according to well established JC, ACC, PORR and Law are mandated.Andersons claims of Obstruction as defined herein support the need for immediate Conflict Checks prior to any other action by this Court or anyone involved currently or in the future of this Lawsuit. Conflict screening should most likely include Conflict Checks against all Legally Related Lawsuits and their defendants. All Legally Related Lawsuits hereby incorporated in entirety by reference herein,Judicial Conflict ScreeningThe following checklists can help you create a conflicts list for monitoring purposes (See appendix): Checklist for Financial Conflicts (Form AO-300) Checklist for Other Conflicts (Form AO-301) Conflicts List (Form AO-302) also available @ http://www.utd.uscourts.gov/forms/checklist.pdfUse and Misuse of Judicial Office  Areas of ConcernGranting access or preferential treatment to special, private groups.This Court allows members of the legal community, including members of this Court to continue to act with total disregard to JC, ACC, PORR and Law, imparting preferential treatment to the legal community, Public Officials involved and other Defendants and may further constitute criminal Collusion in the RICO and Obstruction. Further, failing to report the misconduct of their Legal Brethren as required by JC, ACC, PORR and Law or take any corrective actions to remedy the Illegal acts again imparts preferential treatment for the legal community through Misuse and Abuse of Judicial Office and Legal Process with Scienter acting to Obstruct Justice, denying Plaintiff Due Process Rights.Outside ActivitiesYour life before judicial appointment was filled with a wide variety of personal and professional activities. You may continue to participate in these activities, as long as they dont interfere with judicial duties, cast doubt on your impartiality, or detract from your office.To remove doubt as to this Court and its Members impartiality, with regard to Personal and Professional activities that may Conflict them, such as Disciplinary Agencies, Bar Affiliations and/or other roles within Defendant Legal Organizations, which they may or may not still be involved with they must give full disclosure. Plaintiff has Legal Rights, including those of counsel in he is represented Pro Se, to request Full Conflict Disclosure and further that Disclosure be given by all parties to remove ALL doubt. Impartiality cast in doubt without such Full Conflict Disclosure creating the Appearance of Impropriety. Plaintiff discovered previous Undisclosed Conflicts by Defendant Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials in the matters, which Scheindlin then affirmed, the First Dept confirmed and transferred for formal Investigation and Anderson supported from a Whistleblower perspective. All of these Conflicts involve Allegations that Preferential Treatment occurred for Law Firms, Lawyers and Supreme Court of New York Officials which Prejudiced Plaintiffs Rights in ALL of the related matters. The Preferential Treatment interfered with Plaintiffs Rights to Due Process through Obstruction and at great expense in time, money and almost loss of life in a Car Bombing.Violations of US Code Title 18[92]The Chapter 73 of United States Code, Title 18 Violations relevant to these Proceedings are: section 1501 (misdemeanor to obstruct a federal process or writ server), section 1503 (felony provision that targets efforts to influence or injure a court officer or juror, as well as other obstructionary efforts), section 1505 (felony to obstruct proceedings before departments, agencies, committees)[93], section 1506 (felony to steal or alter a court record or provide a phony bail surety), section 1509 (misdemeanor to obstruct court orders), section 1510 (felony to obstruct criminal investigations), section 1512 (felony to tamper with a witness, victim, or informant) and section 1513 (felony to retaliate against a witness, victim, or informant)[94].An example of Obstruction comes in the fact that two federal investigations of document tampering remain ongoing with no resolution in the Scheindlin federal court, pertaining to stolen documents from the US Marshals Office[95], including the Original Complaint and Copies for service improper service of Plaintiffs Original Complaint by the United States Marshal[96]. The removal of the Original Complaints filed by Plaintiff in this Lawsuit from the US Marshal Office remains the subject of ongoing Investigations by the US Marshall and US Post Office as it Obstructed proper service to the Defendants and was a theft of original materials to the USDC. Review of the docket at the USDC evidences Defendants claiming improper service by the US Marshal and missing documentation including failure to serve copies of the Original Complaint. Prior Motions to the USDC to resolve the theft of documents and the improper service prior to beginning adjudicating the matters went wholly ignored. The outcome of the investigations with the U.S. Marshal and US Post Office may materially affect the Lawsuit including showing further continued crimes and again Scheindlin errs dismissing the complaint prior to resolution of the Obstructions of Justice caused via removal of official documents in a federal proceeding. Of course, failure to report such crimes by Scheindlin to the proper authorities again violates the JC, PORR, ACC and Law regarding Legal Obligations relating to reporting illegal activities and official misconduct rendering the claims by Plaintiff-Appellant herein ongoing and sufficient for federal relief and pleading standards under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and applicable federal law. For example, these new crimes have further nullified arguments of statutes of limitations etc., as the new crimes would further enforce the ongoing criminal activity of the RICO Criminal Enterprise composed of Defendant Law Firms and Others as defined in the Amended Complaint. The fact that Plaintiff cannot even be assured of what documents are making it to the Court free of Obstruction and what eventually is served Defendants by the US Marshal, is further of issue and importance and requiring action when viewed in light of the allegations of Anderson including document destruction and tampering of court documents, etc. Recent information learned in the Defendant Silicon Graphics, Inc. recent Federal Bankruptcy filing also shows that the Iviewit Original Complaint and the Amended Complaint may be still missing from the USDC files to this date[97]. This is also reason for this Court to take protective actions of all documents filed to assure their accuracy and assure accuracy of the served documents on Defendants, anything less with evidence such as this and Andersons claims of insider court document tampering could allow further Obstructions.Another example, fraught with multiple Obstructions of Justice comes from the fact that in the Legally Related Whistleblower Lawsuit of Anderson, Defendants allegedly used Threats, Physical Abuse, Mental Abuse, Whitewashing of Complaints and Official Document Destruction, which illegally altered the outcome of Official Court Proceedings regarding Supreme Court of New York Official Complaints. These tactics used against Anderson, a staff attorney of the First Dept DDC, in efforts to subterfuge proper administration of law to protect Favored law firms and attorneys, clearly acts constituting Obstruction and other Violations of ACC, PORR & Law. These Obstructive acts have derailed prior and current legal proceedings and allowed RICO stylized Public Office Corruption crimes to continue which may include Domestic Terrorism through the planting of a CAR BOMB in Plaintiffs MiniVan. Had Obstruction not taken place, the CAR BOMBING may not have taken place, as the proverbial onion would have peeled at that time and Due Process would have found many Defendants in Prison. The Obstructions may also have allowed financial schemes such as Madoff, Stanford, Dreier and more to flourish, creating further damage to Victims of those crimes as already defined herein. 1506. Theft or alteration of record or process; false bailWhoever feloniously steals, takes away, alters, falsifies, or otherwise avoids any record, writ, process, or other proceeding, in any court of the United States, whereby any judgment is reversed, made void, or does not take effect; or Whoever acknowledges, or procures to be acknowledged in any such court, any recognizance, bail, or judgment, in the name of any other person not privy or consenting to the same Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years, or both. 1509. Obstruction of court ordersWhoever, by threats or force, willfully prevents, obstructs, impedes, or interferes with, or willfully attempts to prevent, obstruct, impede, or interfere with, the due exercise of rights or the performance of duties under any order, judgment, or decree of a court of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than one year, or both. This Court, the USDC and the Disciplinary Agencies are all under Court Orders and Court Decrees via the JC, ACC, PORR and Law, which all act as Legal Decrees, issued by the various courts of the United States. Failure to uphold JC, ACC, PORR and Law, acts forcefully to Prevent, Obstruct, Impede and Interfere with Plaintiffs rights to Due Process and the rights to his Intellectual Property. Failure by this Court to uphold these court orders imparts not only Obstruction but also active Culpable participation in the crimes of the larger RICO conspiracy alleged in the Amended Complaint, through knowingly continuing the Violations and Cover-Up of the prior misconducts, thereby creating an ongoing shield from prosecution for the Defendants. 1510. Obstruction of criminal investigations(a) Whoever willfully endeavors by means of bribery to obstruct, delay, or prevent the communication of information relating to a Violation of any criminal statute of the United States by any person to a criminal investigator shall be fined under this title, or imprisoned not more than five years, or both. Anderson again provides factual evidence from an insider of Obstruction by New York State Officials. Wolfe is central to this Lawsuit and the Anderson Lawsuit who was initially a defendant in Anderson Lawsuit in her role as Clerk of the Supreme Court of New York First Dept and who is now an Officer of this Federal Court. Wolfe acting in Conflict in this Lawsuit as already defined herein, as both a Defendant and Witness who refuses direct written requests for disclosure of Conflict and whereby the Conflicts may act to Obstruct communication of information to investigators and interfere with the communication of information regarding multiple Violations of Criminal Statutes by Defendants.Anderson evidences that Obstruction occurred through all of the following,1. threatened and effectuated retaliatory job loss because of her refusal to change investigative reports and exposing corruption of Public Officials including her superiors at the Supreme Court of New York First Dept and First Dept DDC in typical Whistleblower fashion, 2. evidence that Public Officials, including her superiors at the Supreme Court of New York First Dept and First Dept DDC, were making changes to investigative reports to minimize investigation of favored lawyers and law firms,3. coercion by Public Officials at the Supreme Court of New York First Dept DDC, including physical violence against Anderson by her supervisor, Sherry Cohen, to Whitewash official complaints through document destruction and file thinning and4. favoritism by Public Officers for favored lawyers and law firms, including Illegally changing the outcome of Official Proceedings for those lawyers and law firms with political connections at the Supreme Court of New York First Dept and First Dept DDC. All acts Violating hosts of criminal Obstruction statutes, JC, ACC, PORR and Law. Criminal investigators at minimum now should be investigating those Anderson alleges to have been involved in the Public Office Corruption as her claims indicate Criminal Obstruction and other criminal acts.The USDCs failure to allow Plaintiff full discovery of the Anderson Obstruction claims by dismissing the Amended Complaint through Fraudulent Rulings fraught with Conflicts of Interest, Violations of AC, JC, PORR and Law create a MASSIVE Fraud on this Court[98]. The Fraud on the Court delays this Lawsuit through further illegal Abuse of Process, adversely affecting Plaintiffs Due Process rights, again acting as another Obstruction of Justice. This Courts further failure not to report Scheindlin and the others for Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law and instantly correct them is yet another Violation of JC, PORR and Law. Acting to conceal prior Violations knowingly with intent puts this Court as an accessory to the RICO and other alleged crimes by further Aiding and Abetting felonious actions through continued Cover-Up in Official Court Proceedings further Violating Obstruction laws.(B) prevent the production of a record, document, or other object, in an official proceeding; or Anderson provides evidence that certain First Dept Officials and Defendants in these matters prevented the production of records, documents and other objects in Official Court Proceedings Violating Obstruction laws and now this Court through Wolfe may be subject to similar allegations if Wolfe was planted to interfere in Conflict.(2) Whoever uses physical force or the threat of physical force against any person, or attempts to do so, with intent to Anderson provides evidence that certain First Dept Officials and Defendants in these matters used force to compel her to interfere in Official Court Proceedings at the Supreme Court of New York First Dept DDC.(A) influence, delay, or prevent the testimony of any person in an official proceeding; Anderson provides evidence that certain First Dept Officials and Defendants in these matters influenced, delayed and prevented testimony in Official Court Proceedings Violating Obstruction laws.(B) cause or induce any person to (i) withhold testimony, or withhold a record, document, or other object, from an official proceeding; Anderson provides evidence that certain First Dept Officials and Defendants in these matters attempted to induce Anderson to withhold testimony, withhold records, documents and other objects from Official Court Proceedings Violating Obstruction laws.(ii) alter, destroy, mutilate, or conceal an object with intent to impair the integrity or availability of the object for use in an official proceeding; Anderson provides evidence that certain First Dept and now this Court through Wolfe Defendants altered, destroyed, mutilated and concealed evidence with the intent to impair the integrity and the availability of such objects, in order to interfere in Official Court Proceedings and attempted to induce Anderson to do the same Violating Obstruction laws. (iii) evade legal process summoning that person to appear as a witness, or to produce a record, document, or other object, in an official proceeding; orThe stolen service papers and interference with US Marshal servicing of the Original Complaint at the USDC delayed and stymied the summoning of the Defendants, including high-ranking Public Officials, to appear in Official Court Proceedings. This gave Defendants tremendous additional time to position in Conflict around Plaintiff with Conflicted counsel, etc. One example is the strategy meeting between the NYAG, Proskauer and Foley to discuss legal strategies against Plaintiff Violating Obstruction laws, ACC, PORR and Law as already defined herein. Scheindlin precluded service of the Amended Complaint to all NAMED Defendants dismissing them Sua Sponte, yet refers in her Dismissal Order to the hundreds of Defendants summoned to Answer the Amended Complaint, knowing the other Defendants were never serviced, summoned or answered. This may be considered another act that Aided and Abetted the evasion of proper and just service of the Amended Complaint to the Defendants Scheindlin refers to in her Dismissal Order and yet another error and cause for reversal in the Dismissal Order and possible cause for Disciplinary action against Scheindlin.(iv) be absent from an official proceeding to which that person has been summoned by legal process; or hinder, delay, or prevent the communication to a law enforcement officer or judge of the United States of information relating to the commission or possible commission of a Federal offense or a Violation of conditions of probation, supervised release, parole, or release pending judicial proceedings; The Obstructions caused by this Court and all courts of the prior related proceedings has hindered, delayed and prevented communication to State, Federal and International law enforcement and judges of the United States, information relating to the commission of Federal, State and International Violations of Law and International Treatises and Violating Obstruction laws. shall be punished as provided in paragraph (3). (3) The punishment for an offense under this subsection is (A) in the case of murder (as defined in section 1111), the death penalty or imprisonment for life, and in the case of any other killing, the punishment provided in section 1112; (B) in the case of (i) an attempt to murder; or (ii) the use or attempted use of physical force against any person; imprisonment for not more than 20 years; and (C) in the case of the threat of use of physical force against any person, imprisonment for not more than 10 years. (b) Whoever knowingly uses intimidation, threatens, or corruptly persuades another person, or attempts to do so, or engages in misleading conduct toward another person, with intent to (1) influence, delay, or prevent the testimony of any person in an official proceeding; (2) cause or induce any person to (A) withhold testimony, or withhold a record, document, or other object, from an official proceeding; (B) alter, destroy, mutilate, or conceal an object with intent to impair the objects integrity or availability for use in an official proceeding; (C) evade legal process summoning that person to appear as a witness, or to produce a record, document, or other object, in an official proceeding; or (D) be absent from an official proceeding to which such person has been summoned by legal process; or (3) hinder, delay, or prevent the communication to a law enforcement officer or judge of the United States of information relating to the commission or possible commission of a Federal offense or a Violation of conditions of probation [1] supervised release,,[1] parole, or release pending judicial proceedings; shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both. (c) Whoever corruptly (1) alters, destroys, mutilates, or conceals a record, document, or other object, or attempts to do so, with the intent to impair the objects integrity or availability for use in an official proceeding; or (2) otherwise obstructs, influences, or impedes any official proceeding, or attempts to do so, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. (d) Whoever intentionally harasses another person and thereby hinders, delays, prevents, or dissuades any person from (1) attending or testifying in an official proceeding; (2) reporting to a law enforcement officer or judge of the United States the commission or possible commission of a Federal offense; or attempts to do so, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than one year, or both. (e) In a prosecution for an offense under this section, it is an affirmative defense, as to which the defendant has the burden of proof by a preponderance of the evidence, that the conduct consisted solely of lawful conduct and that the defendants sole intention was to encourage, induce, or cause the other person to testify truthfully. (f) For the purposes of this section (1) an official proceeding need not be pending or about to be instituted at the time of the offense; and (2) the testimony, or the record, document, or other object need not be admissible in evidence or free of a claim of privilege. (g) In a prosecution for an offense under this section, no state of mind need be proved with respect to the circumstance (1) that the official proceeding before a judge, court, magistrate judge, grand jury, or government agency is before a judge or court of the United States, a United States magistrate judge, a bankruptcy judge, a Federal grand jury, or a Federal Government agency; or (2) that the judge is a judge of the United States or that the law enforcement officer is an officer or employee of the Federal Government or a person authorized to act for or on behalf of the Federal Government or serving the Federal Government as an adviser or consultant. (h) There is extraterritorial Federal jurisdiction over an offense under this section. (i) A prosecution under this section or section 1503 may be brought in the district in which the official proceeding (whether or not pending or about to be instituted) was intended to be affected or in the district in which the conduct constituting the alleged offense occurred. (j) If the offense under this section occurs in connection with a trial of a criminal case, the maximum term of imprisonment which may be imposed for the offense shall be the higher of that otherwise provided by law or the maximum term that could have been imposed for any offense charged in such case. (k) Whoever conspires to commit any offense under this section shall be subject to the same penalties as those prescribed for the offense the commission of which was the object of the conspiracy. 1519. Destruction, alteration, or falsification of records in Federal investigations and bankruptcyWhoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsifies, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. Violations of Attorney Conduct Codes citing New York Attorney Conduct Codes[99] Every Law Firm, Lawyer and Public Official for any Defendant should be forced to file with this Court verified and affirmed Conflict Checks, according to the ACC, PORR and Law that require Disclosure and Conflict Checks, in order to determine the validity of their Legal Representation and Disclose and Resolve all Conflicts or withdraw representation. This Court must immediately remove all Conflicted parties from any capacity in this Lawsuit; anything short of fulfillment of this request will result in immediate filings of further Disciplinary and Criminal Complaints against all parties acting in Conflict that creates Obstruction of Justice through Violations of JC, ACC and Law in the states of New York, Florida and Virginia. Plaintiff demands these proceedings HALTED until removal of all Obstructions of Justice created by the Conflicts of the Justices, Lawyers, Law Firms and Public Officials Misconduct, and, all those found to be in Violation of JC, ACC, PORR and Law reported AS REQUIRED to the appropriate Authorities and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Misconduct by Justices, Lawyers, Law Firms and Public Officials is at the heart of both the original crimes and the Cover-Up to the crimes alleged in the Amended Complaint and herein. These continued Conflicts and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law are the glue that binds the RICO conspiracy together, shielding the Criminal Enterprise from prosecution and evidence supporting this contention further confirmed by the allegations in the Legally Related Whistleblower Lawsuit of Anderson and the other Legally Related Lawsuits or being part of the criminal enterprise itself The Legally Related Lawsuits to Anderson, together with Anderson, further support that Lawyers, Law Firms and Public Officials were Violating JC, ACC, PORR and Law at the highest levels of the New York courts and public offices creating Criminal Obstruction. The very nature and evidence of this behavior now demands oversight of the courts, the Law Firms, the Lawyers and Public Officials and instant criminal investigation of the allegations of criminal Obstruction levied by Anderson and Plaintiff. Especially egregious is that upon repeated requests to the courts, Lawyers, Law Firms and Public Officials in these matters by Plaintiff for Conflict Disclosure ALL have gone wholly unanswered by any of those involved. If no Conflict exists, than why not acknowledge such upon request, whereby failure to respond to formal requests and instead continuing in the Proceedings without Full Disclosure creates an overwhelming Appearance of Impropriety. Scheindlin addressed the Conflicts as substantive and the First Dept ordered investigation of those involved in the initial Disciplinary Complaints for Conflict and the Appearance of Impropriety yet Due Process still denied, although the Conflicts were serious enough for a court ordered transfer of the Complaints by the First Dept for immediate Investigations and Federal Judge Scheindlin further verified Conflicts. Looking at the very strange Order Dated March 10, 2008 by Scheindlin concerning the multiplicity of Misconducts by the Lawyers, Law Firms, and Public Officials, whereby instead of asking Defendant Counsel if they had Conflict, Scheindlin instead answers for the Conflicted parties on their behalf, as if she were their legal counsel running the Conflict Checks for them. Scheindlin claims,I have considered plaintiffs request and have determined that the Attorney General does not face an improper conflict of interest in representing the State Defendants. If, however, the Attorney General concludes that an investigation of defendants is warranted, then independent counsel would be required.Nothing could warrant an investigation more by the NYAG Public Integrity Unit, then the damning inside Whistleblower Public Office Corruption and Obstruction claims levied by Anderson against Public Officials from the First Dept DDC and First Dept. Yet, the NYAG is busy acting as Defense Counsel preparing the defense of the Public Officials they are now Legally Obligated to Investigate. The Defendant Public Officials exposed by Anderson are now represented by the NYAG, Conflicting the NYAG from their Prosecutorial Duties to ensure Public Office Integrity, as the Defendant Public Officials have retained the NYAGs legal services first, on the taxpayer dime, leaving no one investigating the corruption, alas Obstruction. The NYAG has not begun an investigation knowing Scheindlin views Anderson as a Whistleblower and is advancing Andersons Lawsuit to trial. Instead their Legal Representation of the same Defendants Anderson exposes creates a shield from prosecution of the Defendants the NYAG is Representing creating not only Conflict but Culpable crimes in perpetuating the RICO through further Obstruction of Justice of Official Proceedings.Despite the other logical failures, inconsistencies and conflicted portions of Judge Scheindlins erroneous Dismissal of August 8, 2009, Opining that the NY AG may have to Investigate in order to determine Conflict causes reversible error. Further due process violations occur by Scheindlins Dismissal Sua Sponte, without first having determined the outcome of the NY AG investigation wherefore Plaintiff should now be provide Discovery and Full Disclosure. Scheindlin in her Order further errs and again acts as Counsel, this time for the NYAG in determining if they had Conflict. Scheindlin now answers Plaintiffs Conflict Disclosure request for the NYAG, failing to demand that the NYAG fully Disclose if they had Conflict, perhaps even Conflicts Scheindlin and Plaintiff were not aware of, the reason for Conflict Checking directly with the party Disclosure is requested from. Plaintiff affirmatively asked for the Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials involved, including the NYAG and the Virginia AG, to state if they had Conflict. Scheindlin usurped this request and answered on their behalf, Prejudicing and Obstructing the Legally Required Conflict Disclosure by the NYAG, shielding them from performing their Legal Obligation regarding Disclosure of Conflict in matters they represent. By answering for them, Scheindlin shields the NYAG from running Procedural Conflict Checks required under ACC, PORR and Law, Conflict Checks that could have forced China Walls to be instituted PRIOR to the NYAG handling the matters in Conflicting roles. Scheindlins actions again Aid and Abet the RICO Cover-Up Crimes and perhaps create further Culpable Public Office Crimes under the RICO.Scheindlin, acting as Counsel for Defendant NYAG fails in her Order to address on the NYAGs behalf the Conflict of Interest caused by the fact that Defendant Proskauer Represented the NYAG during the time of alleged wrongdoings and while Plaintiffs Complaints were filed with the NYAG against Proskauer. Plaintiff complains not that the NYAG failed to investigate as insinuated by Defendants but rather that the NYAG Violated their own Procedural Rules and Regulations in evaluating, docketing and disposing of the Complaints procedurally under Law. Scheindlin was aware of this Conflict, as Plaintiff specifically requested Disclosure on this Conflict in several filed Motions regarding the NYAG Conflicts and yet her Order completely evades answering this Disclosure Request, again shielding the NYAG from making Conflict Disclosure. Scheindlin fails to seek Conflict Disclosure from the NYAG directly of this material Conflict or even check with the NYAG to assure that Proskauer no longer represented the NYAG and if there was current Conflict or Conflict at anytime. In fact, Plaintiff also pointed out to Scheindlin that several of the former NYAG Defendant Spitzers employees had taken positions at Proskauer immediately after the fall of Spitzer and Conflicts could again exist if the former NYAG employees were involved in the subterfuge of the Complaints filed against Proskauer et al. while at the NYAG. These Obstructive actions of Scheindlin are part of the Judicial Complaint against her requesting oversight Authorities in these matters to determine if Scheindlin acted within her Legal Authority and further evaluate if she has Violated JC, PORR and ACC, State and Federal Laws. If Scheindlin did not act within her Legal Authority, all of her Orders instantly should be rescinded and full Investigation commenced immediately into the NYAG/Proskauer Violations, the Scheindlin Cover-Up and her failure to report the misconduct before her court, constituting a Fraud on that court. The Lawsuit should then pass immediately to a NON-CONFLICTED court, one that affirms or denies Conflicts according to well-established procedural rules, JC, ACC, PORR and Law PRIOR to taking action in the proceedings before them for further Adjudication. Another NYAG Conflict is that they are acting as Counsel to many of the NY State Defendants, including themselves, in their Answer to the Amended Complaint, of which they are a named Defendant. The NYAG should therefore be seeking Counsel to represent their Offices and Officers at this point and having the State Defendants find new Non-Conflicted Counsel too. Further, after withdrawal of representation of the State Defendants, the NYAG should consider based on Andersons allegations Investigating all of those they are Representing as Counsel for VIOLATIONS OF PUBLIC OFFICE. Alternatively, the NYAG could seek involvement of a Grand Jury, special prosecutor or other disinterested third party to investigate the Defendants they Counsel, to investigate the NYAG on their behalf, if they cannot overcome their current Conflicts that cause Obstruction and preclude them from performing their legally obligated role to the public.In the same Order Scheindlin acts again as Counsel for now Defendant former Chief Judge, Judith S. Kaye ( Kaye ) and the NYAG and instead of demanding Disclosure by Kaye and the NYAG in relation to Plaintiffs request for Conflict Disclosure and Scheindlin states:Plaintiffs also argue that it is inappropriate for the Attorney General to represent the Hon. Judith S. Kaye on the ground that Judge Kaye was appointed to the bench by the father of the current Attorney General. While the Chief Judge was appointed many years ago by the Attorney Generals father, this does not create either a Conflict of Interest or an Appearance of Impropriety in permitting the current Attorney General to represent the Chief Judge in this lawsuit.Here again Scheindlin errs as the request from Plaintiff was for Conflict disclosure from Kaye and the NYAG, disclosure of Conflicts perhaps that Scheindlin and Plaintiff did not know about, again creating a shield around Kaye and the NYAG which allows them to evade Legally Required Disclosure of Conflict.Scheindlin next answers for the Law Firms and Lawyers that Plaintiff had requested Conflict Disclosure from, now creating a shield around the Law Firms and Lawyers that allowed them to evade Legally Required Conflict Disclosure. Instead of asking the Law Firms and Lawyers to run internal Conflict Checks as proscribed by ACC, PORR and Law, Scheindlin answers for them, Obstructing the Law Firms and Lawyers from running Conflict Checks PRIOR TO undertaking representation. Instead of forcing Conflict Checks and Full Disclosure, Scheindlin answers for them, wholly outside her authority, as if she runs the Conflict departments for the Law Firms. In her Order, Scheindlin states:Plaintiffs request that the Court direct the two law firm defendants to retain independent counsel on the ground that conflicts of interest prevent their attorneys from representing the firms. Plaintiffs have shown no ground for disqualifying attorneys at the defendant law firms from representing the firms.Scheindlin failed to address in her Order the disqualifying grounds presented to her by Plaintiff regarding Defendants Proskauer and Foleys Self-Representation before her Court and now this Court and the fact that there are ongoing Federal, State and International Investigations of the same Law Firms and Lawyers giving the Defendants vested interest in the matters they are Self-Representing. Investigations are underway by the Federal Patent Bar and the Institute of Professional Representatives before the European Patent Office (epi), of the very same Law Firms and Lawyers that the State Bar and State Disciplinary Agencies refuse to investigate, instead attempting to dismiss complaints on review. Dismissal of the Disciplinary Complaints in New York, despite ongoing Federal and International investigations at the Disciplinary Departments of the USPTO and EPO, of the same attorneys that caused suspension of Plaintiffs Intellectual Properties by the USPTO Commissioner. Dismissal on review where the reviews and reviewers found mired in Conflicts and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law. Scheindlin failed to address the absolute Conflict these investigations of certain Defendant Law Firms and Lawyers posed to continued Self-Representation. Had Scheindlin not acted outside her scope of authority and answered Conflict questions for others versus asking them directly to disclose Conflict, the results from the Conflict Checks by the Law Firms and State Agencies would have precluded their Self-Representation.Further, Defendants Proskauer, Foley and Meltzer are former counsel to Plaintiff, were board members and/or shareholders of Iviewit, further precluding their Self-Representation under ACC. Proskauer is also a founding shareholder of Iviewit companies and thus a Defendant with an interest in the Plaintiff companies Iviewit, another area of Conflict, impossible to overcome. All of these material and factual Conflicts were overlooked by Scheindlin who prevented the NYAG, the Virginia Attorney General, Proskauer, Meltzer and Foley from having to address Conflicts by answering for them versus forcing Conflict Checks to be run according to well-established ACC, PORR and Law and allowed them to continue to act in Conflict in her court. This disregard for JC, ACC, PORR and Law, achieved by Violating Legal Duties and Obligations regarding Conflict and other Ethical Violations further act to Obstruct Justice through an incestuous orgy of unregulated Conflicts acting to deny Plaintiff Due Process.Anderson presents Scheindlin with additional information that disqualifies Defendant Law Firms and Lawyers from Self-Representation, if they are currently or were ever involved with the First Dept. Anderson mentions Iviewit in her original complaint and claims that Obstruction of Justice and tampering with case files was ongoing at the First Dept and First Dept DDC involving Defendant Cahill and Wolfe at the time of Plaintiffs complaints. The relationships to the Legally Related Anderson Lawsuit should have been a matter for formal Discovery prior to the Dismissal, a further error by Scheindlin, cause for Reversal and further filing of Obstruction charges, relating to the Legal determination and fact of Scheindlin first marking several lawsuits Legally Related and then dismissing them while the related lawsuit moves forward. This bizarre reversal in seven cases is in itself a logical inconsistency and example of the illegally, erroneously, and likely conflicted made sua sponte Dismissal on Aug. 8, 2008 denying due process to Plaintiff and the other Legally Related lawsuits. Scheindlin, in her Prejudicial and Obstructive legal defense claiming that the Law Firms did not have Conflict, again failed to ask for formal disclosure while overlooking the fact that Defendants Proskauer, Rubenstein and Krane directly interfered in complaints against them at the First Dept. Krane handled the complaint responses while holding undisclosed and concealed positions with the First Dept and other roles throughout the Disciplinary community that precluded him from legally representing his firm Defendant Proskauer, his Proskauer Partner Rubenstein and himself in the complaints filed with the First Dept. For example, in additional to his Violations of ACC, PORR and Law at the First Dept, Krane was also former President of the NYSBA. Krane precluded, as immediate former President of the NYSBA, from handling complaints for a period of one year after service against any party and yet Krane Illegally handled the First Dept DDC Disciplinary Complaints against Proskauer, Rubenstein and himself during the exclusionary period, Violating AC, PORR, NYSBA Rules and Regulations and Law.Further support of disqualifying grounds comes from Defendant and Plaintiffs witness, Clerk of this Court, Wolfe and the Defendant Justices from the First Dept whose actions led to Unpublished Orders for investigation of Proskauer attorneys, FOR CONFLICT AND THE APPEARANCE OF IMPROPRIETY. Scheindlin erred further in her response attempting to exculpate the Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials, acting well outside her Legal Authority when attempting to exonerate them from Conflict and allowing them to continue to submit Legal Pleadings in Conflict. Scheindlin failed to ascertain procedurally if the Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials were in Conflict by asking them to comply and comport with Conflict procedures, including running formal in-house Conflict Checks. By answering on their behalf instead, outside the scope of her Legal Authority, Scheindlin Prejudices the Lawsuit and Plaintiffs rights by creating Obstruction through Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law that act to conceal the Conflicts and further the Cover-Up. Further cause for summoning oversight Authorities and filing Criminal Complaints formulated against Scheindlin.Finally, and in an about face from her former March 10, 2008 Order dismissing Conflicts on behalf of Defendants, Scheindlin, changes course as to the substance of the Conflict matters before her and in her March 21, 2008 Order, states Plaintiff has substantive issues. Yet, Scheindlin again errs and Violates JC, ACC, PORR and Law by failing to notify authorities that she is aware of substantive issues including conflicts. Failure to report the actions of those Violating the ACC, PORR and Law as Legally Mandated forces Plaintiff now to file a complaint against Scheindlin with several Oversight authorities. Plaintiff will similarly be charging this Court with similar Violations of JC, ACC and Law and filing a complaint for failing to report the Conflicts found in Scheindlin that this Court now is aware of and for further allowing the Conflicts to continue. This Court now creates further Obstruction via the same pattern of failing to adhere to JC, ACC and Law relating to reporting Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law to the proper authorities and instead allowing them to continue, perpetuating the Cover-Up.New York First Department Rules603.2 Professional Misconduct DefinedAny attorney who fails to conduct himself both professionally and personally, in conformity with the standards of conduct imposed upon members of the bar as conditions for the privilege to practice law and any attorney who violates any provision of the rules of this court governing the conduct of attorneys, or with respect to conduct on or after January l, 1970, any disciplinary rules of the Code of Professional Responsibility, as adopted by the New York State Bar Association, effective January 1, 1970, as amended, or with respect to conduct on or before December 31, 1969, any canon of the Canons of Professional Responsibility, as adopted by such bar association and effective until December 31, 1969 or with respect to conduct on or after September l, 1990, any disciplinary rule of the Code of Professional Responsibility, as jointly adopted by the Appellate Divisions of the Supreme Court, effective September l, 1990, or any of the special rules concerning court decorum, shall be guilty of professional misconduct within the meaning of subdivision 2 of section 90 of the Judiciary Law. Any law firm that fails to conduct itself in conformity with the provisions of the Disciplinary Rules of the Code of Professional Responsibility pertaining to law firms shall be guilty of professional misconduct within the meaning of subdivision 2 of section 90 of the Judiciary Law.New York Lawyers Code of Professional ResponsibilityDR 1-103 [1200.4] Disclosure of Information to AuthoritiesA. A lawyer possessing knowledge, (1) not protected as a confidence or secret, or (2) not gained in the lawyers capacity as a member of a bona fide lawyer assistance or similar program or committee, of a Violation of DR 1-102 [1200.3] that raises a substantial question as to another lawyers honesty, trustworthiness or fitness as a lawyer shall report such knowledge to a tribunal or other authority empowered to investigate or act upon such Violation.B. A lawyer possessing knowledge or evidence, not protected as a confidence or secret, concerning another lawyer or a judge shall reveal fully such knowledge or evidence upon proper request of a tribunal or other authority empowered to investigate or act upon the conduct of lawyers or judges.As defined already herein, the Justices, Lawyers and Law Firms involved in these matters have failed wholly to report the Misconduct of their legal brethren, despite their Legal Duties and Obligations to report the Misconduct. Instead, the pattern has been to have ever-increasing Conflict to cover up the prior Misconducts through continuous denial of Due Process and Procedure, in further Violation of JC, ACC, PORR and Law. For their failure to report those Violating JC, ACC, PORR and Law, charges will be forthcoming against the Justices, the Law Firms, the Lawyers and the Public Officials involved in the matters that had knowledge and/or involvement in the Cover-Up Crimes. Complaints that will include the Illegal Abuses of Process and Frauds on the Courts that continue to Obstruct Justice and further enable the Criminal Enterprise to continue operations and Illegally Convert Plaintiffs Royalties.DR 1-104 [1200.5] Responsibilities of a Partner or Supervisory Lawyer and Subordinate LawyersA. A law firm shall make reasonable efforts to ensure that all lawyers in the firm conform to the disciplinary rules.B. A lawyer with management responsibility in the law firm or direct supervisory authority over another lawyer shall make reasonable efforts to ensure that the other lawyer conforms to the disciplinary rules.C. A law firm shall adequately supervise, as appropriate, the work of partners, associates and non-lawyers who work at the firm. The degree of supervision required is that which is reasonable under the circumstances, taking into account factors such as the experience of the person whose work is being supervised, the amount of work involved in a particular matter, and the likelihood that ethical problems might arise in the course of working on the matter.D. A lawyer shall be responsible for a Violation of the Disciplinary Rules by another lawyer or for conduct of a non-lawyer employed or retained by or associated with the lawyer that would be a Violation of the Disciplinary Rules if engaged in by a lawyer if:1. The lawyer orders, or directs the specific conduct, or, with knowledge of the specific conduct, ratifies it; or2. The lawyer is a partner in the law firm in which the other lawyer practices or the non-lawyer is employed, or has supervisory authority over the other lawyer or the non-lawyer, and knows of such conduct, or in the exercise of reasonable management or supervisory authority should have known of the conduct so that reasonable remedial action could be or could have been taken at a time when its consequences could be or could have been avoided or mitigated. E. A lawyer shall comply with these Disciplinary Rules notwithstanding that the lawyer acted at the direction of another person.Defendant Law Firms and Supervisory Lawyers have continued to have Lawyers within their firms act in Violation of well established ACC, PORR and Law; those in Supervisory capacities who ordered these illegal activities violate this section of code. Based on Andersons account of events at the First Dept and First Dept DDC, Public Office Lawyers have even used coercion of those below them to force them to Violate ACC, PORR and Law. Such coercion utilized to get the desired results for favored Law Firms and Lawyers on Disciplinary Complaints before the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, constituting yet another complete Fraud on a Court and Violating this section of the ACC.DR 2-110 [1200.15] Withdrawal from EmploymentA. In general.1. If permission for withdrawal from employment is required by the rules of a tribunal, a lawyer shall not withdraw from employment in a proceeding before that tribunal without its permission.Foley & Proskauer both represented themselves as Counsel for themselves to the NYAG. The NYAG then sent a letter confirming their Self-Representation in the matters to the USDC copying them as Counsel. The NYAG then confirmed with Plaintiff that the conversation with the Law Firms and Lawyers directly related to these matters, including the fact that it was regarding a legal defense strategy against Plaintiff in these matters. Defendant Foley realized Plaintiff had filed complaints against them with the First Dept court and immediately withdrew from Self-Representation but without USDC approval. Foley failed to properly notify the USDC or seek procedural permission to withdraw. New counsel that replaced Foley then attempted to mislead the USDC[100] that Foley had not been acting as their own counsel despite the NYAG letter to Judge Scheindlin claiming the opposite, despite Proskauer acting as their own counsel as stated to the NYAG. Proskauer unlike Foley continued to Self-Represent, as Proskauer had formally declared themselves as their own Counsel to the USDC[101] prior to learning of the new complaints filed at the Fist Dept against their Law Firm and Lawyers for the obvious Conflicts and Violations of ACC and Law their Conflicted representation created, including their conversations with the NYAG. Proskauer Counsel Defendants Mashberg and Smith now represent themselves in the Amended Complaint and before this Court as Pro Se counsel while acting as Counsel for their firm Defendant Proskauer and certain Defendant Proskauer Lawyers adding yet another level of bizarre Conflict in Violation of ACC and Law. B. Mandatory withdrawal.A lawyer representing a client before a tribunal, with its permission if required by its rules, shall withdraw from employment, and a lawyer representing a client in other matters shall withdraw from employment, if:1. The lawyer knows or it is obvious that the client is bringing the legal action, conducting the defense, or asserting a position in the litigation, or is otherwise having steps taken, merely for the purpose of harassing or maliciously injuring any person.By Violating JC, ACC, PORR and Law, and appearing before the USDC and this Court entangled in myriads of overwhelming Conflict, the Conflicted Counsel and Public Officials, in prior Pleadings to the USDC and this Court, are with Scienter conducting knowingly Illegal Legal Defenses and perpetuating a Fraud on the Courts. Defenses with baseless claims tendered in Violation of JC, ACC, PORR and Law designed to harass Plaintiff in order to cause further injury upon Plaintiff by continued Abuse of Process and Frauds on the Courts acting to Obstruct Justice.2. The lawyer knows or it is obvious that continued employment will result in Violation of a Disciplinary Rule.The Conflicted Justices, Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials involved in these matters are fully aware that their Conflicted representation is Violating JC, ACC, PORR, and Law, in several states and around the world, yet it is the only way they can continue to prevent prosecution and thus they knowingly continue to Violate their own Rules, Regulations and Law. CANON 4. A Lawyer Should Preserve the Confidences and Secrets of a ClientDR 4-101 [1200.19] Preservation of Confidences and Secrets of a ClientA. Confidence refers to information protected by the attorney-client privilege under applicable law, and secret refers to other information gained in the professional relationship that the client has requested be held inviolate or the disclosure of which would be embarrassing or would be likely to be detrimental to the client. B. Except when permitted under DR 4-101 [1200.19] (C), a lawyer shall not knowingly:1. Reveal a confidence or secret of a client.2. Use a confidence or secret of a client to the disadvantage of the client.3. Use a confidence or secret of a client for the advantage of the lawyer or of a third person, unless the client consents after full disclosure. Many of the Defendant Law Firms and Lawyers have Violated the Preservation of Confidences and Secrets of their Former Client Plaintiff Bernstein concerning his Intellectual Properties by placing certain Intellectual Properties in their own names and Other Defendants, including unknowns. As further alleged herein and in the Amended Complaint, the Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials have converted Plaintiffs royalty streams to themselves through illegal Anti Competitive acts, including patent pooling schemes, Antitrust Violations and more, to benefit them at the disadvantage of Plaintiff. Defendants have Violated the Attorney/Client Privilege, most importantly misusing Confidences and Secrets of Plaintiff relating to Invention Disclosure, which also Violates the Federal Patent Bar OED Rules and Regulations. CANON 5. A Lawyer Should Exercise Independent Professional Judgment on Behalf of a ClientDR 5-101 [1200.20] Conflicts of Interest - Lawyers Own InterestsA. A lawyer shall not accept or continue employment if the exercise of professional judgment on behalf of the client will be or reasonably may be affected by the lawyers own financial, business, property, or personal interests, unless a disinterested lawyer would believe that the representation of the client will not be adversely affected thereby and the client consents to the representation after full disclosure of the implications of the lawyers interest.Violations of Judicial Cannon 5 are the crux for the continued Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials Conflict situations as the Legally Licensed Defendants acting in Conflict before this Court and other courts, all have irrefutable knowledge that their judgment on behalf of their client, themselves, is biased. Biased, as their lives depend on the outcome of the Lawsuit both financially and personally and where loss of the Lawsuit could land them with lengthy federal sentences for their crimes, far greater sentences hopefully than the recently levied lax sentence of Madoff of 150 years in prison, this crime in the Trillions far larger. The absurdity of Self-Representation in this Lawsuit where everything rests on the outcome, adversely affects the Law Firms and Lawyers ability to get sound unbiased legal advice and act in Conflict and Violation of ACC, PORR and Law. This Court should take note that no liability carriers are present in the Lawsuit or have counsel present to assess the potential liabilities and risk to their insurance policies and companies, including the legal liability insurance carried by the professional Defendants and Organizations. The lack of presence of insurers or their attorneys indicates that either there are no professional liability carriers insuring Defendant Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials or the Defendants failed to give proper disclosure of the risk to the carriers. If Defendant Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials failed to Disclose the impending liabilities to the carriers and instead concealed this Litigation, this would represent Insurance Fraud, Fraud that could put insurers and their shareholders at tremendous risk for portions of the Trillion Dollar plus liabilities, again far exceeding the Madoff, Stanford and Dreier schemes combined.DR 5-102 [1200.21] Lawyers as WitnessesA. A lawyer shall not act, or accept employment that contemplates the lawyers acting, as an advocate on issues of fact before any tribunal if the lawyer knows or it is obvious that the lawyer ought to be called as a witness on a significant issue on behalf of the client, except that the lawyer may act as an advocate and also testify:1. If the testimony will relate solely to an uncontested issue.2. If the testimony will relate solely to a matter of formality and there is no reason to believe that substantial evidence will be offered in opposition to the testimony.3. If the testimony will relate solely to the nature and value of legal services rendered in the case by the lawyer or the lawyers firm to the client.4. As to any matter, if disqualification as an advocate would work a substantial hardship on the client because of the distinctive value of the lawyer as counsel in the particular case. B. Neither a lawyer nor the lawyers firm shall accept employment in contemplated or pending litigation if the lawyer knows or it is obvious that the lawyer or another lawyer in the lawyers firm may be called as a witness on a significant issue other than on behalf of the client, and it is apparent that the testimony would or might be prejudicial to the client.C. If, after undertaking employment in contemplated or pending litigation, a lawyer learns or it is obvious that the lawyer ought to be called as a witness on a significant issue on behalf of the client, the lawyer shall not serve as an advocate on issues of fact before the tribunal, except that the lawyer may continue as an advocate on issues of fact and may testify in the circumstances enumerated in DR 5-102 [1200.21] (B)(1) through (4).D. If, after undertaking employment in contemplated or pending litigation, a lawyer learns or it is obvious that the lawyer or a lawyer in his or her firm may be called as a witness on a significant issue other than on behalf of the client, the lawyer may continue the representation until it is apparent that the testimony is or may be prejudicial to the client at which point the lawyer and the firm must withdraw from acting as an advocate before the tribunal.Section DR 5-102 [1200.21] prohibits from Self-Representation the Defendant Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials, including but not limited to, Foley, Meltzer, Proskauer and their Partners, as they are both Defendants and Material Witnesses for Plaintiff and both Defendants and Material Witnesses for their clients themselves in certain instances. This prohibition similarly applies to Defendant Wolfe, a Defendant and Witness for Plaintiffs Lawsuit and applicable now to Scheindlin who will be called as a Witness for Plaintiff in relation to determining whom she referred to as having substantive Conflict and what substantive issues she found.DR 5-103 [1200.22] Avoiding Acquisition of Interest in LitigationA. A lawyer shall not acquire a proprietary interest in the cause of action or subject matter of litigation he or she is conducting for a clientProskauer has proprietary interest in this Lawsuit, as they are shareholders of Iviewit companies stock and have vested interest in the one of the main infringers of the stolen technologies, MPEGLA LLC, as defined in the Amended Complaint. Meltzer, Proskauer and Joao also have proprietary interest in the cause of action and subject matter of the litigation in that Joao now has 90+ patents in his name allegedly filed fraudulently in relation to inventions learned through Disclosure with Plaintiff.DR 5-104 [1200.23] Transactions Between Lawyer and ClientA. A lawyer shall not enter into a business transaction with a client if they have differing interests therein and if the client expects the lawyer to exercise professional judgment therein for the protection of the clientDefendant Proskauer entered into business transactions with Plaintiff and the Iviewit companies that cause Conflict, including being retained as Counsel and purchasing stock in the Iviewit companies. Proskauer then further acquired a competing interest to Plaintiff, the MPEGLA, LLC patent pooling scheme that they acquired as Client and now control through acquisition of Defendant Rubenstein from Meltzer. Rubenstein, Iviewits main Patent Counsel is also the sole patent evaluator, Legal Counsel and a founder of MPEGLA. Defendant MPEGLA is now one of the largest infringers of Plaintiffs IP. Defendant Proskauer, prior to being retained by Plaintiff, had no Intellectual Property Group and immediately after learning of Plaintiffs technologies, through disclosure to Defendants Rubenstein and Joao began an IP practice through acquisition of Meltzers IP Department, as more fully defined in the Amended Complaint.1. The transaction and terms on which the lawyer acquires the interest are fair and reasonable to the client and are fully disclosed and transmitted in writing to the client in a manner that can be reasonably understood by the client;Plaintiff asks this Court to force Proskauer to procure the transactional details of their stock purchases in the Iviewit Companies to the Court so that the Court may understand the terms, as Plaintiff and other former shareholders and former executives also would like to see the terms of their stock purchases and all transactional records relating to such[102].DR 5-105 [1200.24] Conflict of Interest; Simultaneous RepresentationA. A lawyer shall decline proffered employment if the exercise of independent professional judgment in behalf of a client will be or is likely to be adversely affected by the acceptance of the proffered employment, or if it would be likely to involve the lawyer in representing differing interests, except to the extent permitted under DR 5-105 [1200.24] (C).B. A lawyer shall not continue multiple employment if the exercise of independent professional judgment in behalf of a client will be or is likely to be adversely affected by the lawyers representation of another client, or if it would be likely to involve the lawyer in representing differing interests, except to the extent permitted under DR 5-105 [1200.24] (C).C. In the situations covered by DR 5-105 [1200.24] (A) and (B), a lawyer may represent multiple clients if a disinterested lawyer would believe that the lawyer can competently represent the interest of each and if each consents to the representation after full disclosure of the implications of the simultaneous representation and the advantages and risks involved. D. While lawyers are associated in a law firm, none of them shall knowingly accept or continue employment when any one of them practicing alone would be prohibited from doing so under DR 5-101 [1200.20] (A), DR 5-105 [1200.24] (A) or (B), DR 5-108 [1200.27] (A) or (B), or DR 9-101 [1200.45] (B) except as otherwise provided therein.E. A law firm shall keep records of prior engagements, which records shall be made at or near the time of such engagements and shall have a policy implementing a system by which proposed engagements are checked against current and previous engagements, so as to render effective assistance to lawyers within the firm in complying with DR 5-105 [1200.24] (D). Failure to keep records or to have a policy which complies with this subdivision, whether or not a Violation of DR 5-105 [1200.24] (D) occurs, shall be a Violation by the firm. In cases in which a Violation of this subdivision by the firm is a substantial factor in causing a Violation of DR 5-105 [1200.24] (D) by a lawyer, the firm, as well as the individual lawyer, shall also be responsible for the Violation of DR 5-105 [1200.24] (D).All the Defendant Justices, Law Firms and Lawyers involved in this Lawsuit at every level, in current and former proceedings, have all failed to run proper COI Checks, which would preclude multiple Conflicting representations and would have detailed the numerous Violations of ACC and Law that Self-Representation obviously involves in this Lawsuit. New complaints will be forthcoming regarding the failure under this code section to properly screen for Conflict, serving as new grounds for disciplinary complaints. This Courts obligation and duty is to immediately cease and halt proceedings pending full Conflict of Interest resolution according to law. DR 5-107 [1200.26] Avoiding Influence by Others than the ClientA. Except with the consent of the client after full disclosure a lawyer shall not:1. Accept compensation for legal services from one other than the client.2. Accept from one other than the client anything of value related to his or her representation of or employment by the client. B. Unless authorized by law, a lawyer shall not permit a person who recommends, employs, or pays the lawyer to render legal service for another to direct or regulate his or her professional judgment in rendering such legal services, or to cause the lawyer to compromise the lawyers duty to maintain the confidences and secrets of the client under DR 4-101 [1200.19] (B).DR 5-108 [1200.27] Conflict of Interest - Former ClientA. Except as provided in DR 9-101 [1200.45] (B) with respect to current or former government lawyers, a lawyer who has represented a client in a matter shall not, without the consent of the former client after full disclosure: 1. Thereafter represent another person in the same or a substantially related matter in which that persons interests are materially adverse to the interests of the former client.2. Use any confidences or secrets of the former client except as permitted by DR 4-101 [1200.19] (C) or when the confidence or secret has become generally known. B. Except with the consent of the affected client after full disclosure, a lawyer shall not knowingly represent a person in the same or a substantially related matter in which a firm with which the lawyer formerly was associated had previously represented a client: 1. Whose interests are materially adverse to that person; and 2. About whom the lawyer had acquired information protected by section DR 4-101 [1200.19] (B) that is material to the matter. C. Notwithstanding the provisions of DR 5-105 [1200.24] (D), when a lawyer has terminated an association with a firm, the firm is prohibited from thereafter representing a person with interests that are materially adverse to those of a client represented by the formerly associated lawyer and not currently represented by the firm only if the law firm or any lawyer remaining in the firm has information protected by DR 4-101 [1200.19] (B) that is material to the matter, unless the affected client consents after full disclosure.Plaintiff was a former client of Defendant Law Firms and Lawyers and has not granted permission to his former Counsel for them now to Self-Represent in these matters, against Plaintiff in matters highly related to their alleged Criminal acts while representing Plaintiff under Retainer, again constituting an obvious Conflict and Violation of ACC. Further, the Defendants who were Intellectual Property Counsel ( Proskauer firm, Meltzer firm, Joao, Foley & Lardner, Greenberg & Traurig, etc ) for myself, Plaintiff-Appellant, and Iviewit matters learned information protected under DR 4-101 [1200.19] (B) that is material to the matter and creates further conflicts which must be immediately resolved.DR 5-109 [1200.28] Organization as ClientA. When a lawyer employed or retained by an organization is dealing with the organizations directors, officers, employees, members, shareholders or other constituents, and it appears that the organizations interests may differ from those of the constituents with whom the lawyer is dealing, the lawyer shall explain that the lawyer is the lawyer for the organization and not for any of the constituents.B. If a lawyer for an organization knows that an officer, employee or other person associated with the organization is engaged in action, intends to act or refuses to act in a matter related to the representation that is a Violation of a legal obligation to the organization, or a Violation of law that reasonably might be imputed to the organization, and is likely to result in substantial injury to the organization, the lawyer shall proceed as is reasonably necessary in the best interest of the organization. In determining how to proceed, the lawyer shall give due consideration to the seriousness of the Violation and its consequences, the scope and nature of the lawyers representation, the responsibility in the organization and the apparent motivation of the person involved, the policies of the organization concerning such matters and any other relevant considerations. Any measures taken shall be designed to minimize disruption of the organization and the risk of revealing information relating to the representation to persons outside the organization. Such measures may include, among others:1. Asking reconsideration of the matter;2. Advising that a separate legal opinion on the matter be sought for presentation to appropriate authority in the organization; and3. Referring the matter to higher authority in the organization, including, if warranted by the seriousness of the matter, referral to the highest authority that can act in behalf of the organization as determined by applicable law. C. If, despite the lawyers efforts in accordance with DR 5-109 [1200.28](B), the highest authority that can act on behalf of the organization insists upon action, or a refusal to act, that is clearly a Violation of law and is likely to result in a substantial injury to the organization, the lawyer may resign in accordance with DR 2-110 [1200.15].Not only did Defendant Proskauer represent Plaintiff and the Iviewit companies he founded, Defendants Proskauer brought in senior management Officers for the Iviewit companies, including under false pretenses and with false resume in the case of Defendant Utley, in order to commit the Intellectual Property crimes. In fact, Defendants Utley, Dick[103] and C. Wheeler of Proskauer, had immediately prior to working with Plaintiff companies, been found misappropriating Intellectual Property of another Florida Philanthropist and Businessman, Monte Friedkin. The circumstances surrounding that attempt at Intellectual Property Theft forced Friedkins business into closure in a very similar set of circumstances to that of Plaintiff. Defendants Utley, Dick and Wheeler all failed to mention these facts to the Iviewit Board of Directors and Shareholders or to put the information on their resumes. Utley boldly changing his resume claiming a false set of circumstances for his TERMINATION by Friedkin and whereby Wheeler upon referring Utley to Plaintiff failed to mention the fact that Utley was terminated and that Wheeler was also directly implicated in the Friedkin affair. The whole story of the failed prior attempt on Friedkin, later contradicted in multiple instances in Official statements of Utley, Dick and Wheeler in Depositions and Official Statements, to Courts and to State Disciplinary Agencies in Florida, New York and Virginia, as more fully defined in the Amended Complaint.NOTE: The aforementioned allegations of Defendant lawyers having prior pattern and involvement in a similar and related Intellectual Property scheme involving Friedken and the length of actions and schemes herein exceeding 10 years were and are and remain sufficient to satisfy continuity pleading requirements under RICO and Plaintiff thus had adequately stated federal claims sufficient to grant federal relief and exercise federal jurisdiction and the District Courts erroneous Dismissal must now be immediately reversed. DR 5-110 [1200.29] Membership in Legal Service OrganizationA. A lawyer may serve as a director, officer or member of a not-for-profit legal services organization, apart from the law firm in which the lawyer practices, notwithstanding that the organization serves persons having interests that differ from those of a client of the lawyer or the lawyers firm, provided that the lawyer shall not knowingly participate in a decision or action of the organization:1. If participating in the decision or action would be incompatible with the lawyers duty of loyalty to a client under DR 5-101 through DR 5-111 [1200.20 through 1200.29]; or2. Where the decision or action could have a material adverse effect on the representation of a client of the organization whose interests differ from those of a client of the lawyer or the lawyers firm.Multiple Violations of this section already defined herein and in the Amended Complaint.CANON 6. A Lawyer Should Represent a Client CompetentlyDR 6-101 [1200.30] Failing to Act CompetentlyA. A lawyer shall not:1. Handle a legal matter which the lawyer knows or should know that he or she is not competent to handle, without associating with a lawyer who is competent to handle it.2. Handle a legal matter without preparation adequate in the circumstances.3. Neglect a legal matter entrusted to the lawyer.Multiple Violations of this section already defined herein and in the Amended Complaint.CANON 7. A Lawyer Should Represent a Client Zealously Within the Bounds of the LawDR 7-101 [1200.32] Representing a Client ZealouslyA. A lawyer shall not intentionally:1. Fail to seek the lawful objectives of the client through reasonably available means permitted by law and the Disciplinary Rules, except as provided by DR 7-101 [1200.32] 2. Fail to carry out a contract of employment entered into with a client for professional services, but the lawyer may withdraw as permitted under DR 2-110 [1200.15], DR 5-102 [1200.21], and DR 5-105 [1200.24].3. Prejudice or damage the client during the course of the professional relationship, except as required under DR 7-102 [1200.33] (B) or as authorized by DR 2-110 [1200.15]. Multiple Violations of this section already defined herein and in the Amended Complaint.DR 7-102 [1200.33] Representing a Client Within the Bounds of the LawA. In the representation of a client, a lawyer shall not:1. File a suit, assert a position, conduct a defense, delay a trial, or take other action on behalf of the client when the lawyer knows or when it is obvious that such action would serve merely to harass or maliciously injure another.All of the Defendant Justices, Law Firms, Lawyers, Public Officials and now Counsel for the Defendants before this Court Violate this section by asserting false defenses in Conflict to perpetrate Fraud on the Courts through continued Violation of the JC, ACC, PORR and Law. All Justices who have allowed such Conflict-infested pleadings to prevail in Conspiracy with Defendants have delayed trials, all of these Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law acting to further harass and maliciously injure Plaintiff while destroying his life in attempts to abscond with the Technologies.2. Knowingly advance a claim or defense that is unwarranted under existing law, except that the lawyer may advance such claim or defense if it can be supported by good faith argument for an extension, modification, or reversal of existing law.Almost all of the Counsel for Defendant Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials Violate this section by asserting defenses when they are in Conflict and thus their claims and defenses are all Illegal under existing law as further Fraud on the Court.3. Conceal or knowingly fail to disclose that which the lawyer is required by law to reveal.Obviously, all those found in Conflict have concealed such Conflicts with Scienter until discovered years after by Plaintiff. Defendants, made aware of their legal brethrens Crimes and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law by Plaintiff, then failed to report the Crimes and Violations, further Violating JC, ACC, PORR and Law. Failure to report also includes failing to report crimes such as Fraud on the USPTO, fraud on the SBA and Fraud on the Courts. 4. Knowingly use perjured testimony or false evidence.All of those found in Conflict have used knowingly perjured testimony and false evidence by submitting and allowing Pleadings in Conflict and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law, all constituting false evidence to the courts. 5. Knowingly make a false statement of law or fact.6. Participate in the creation or preservation of evidence when the lawyer knows or it is obvious that the evidence is false.7. Counsel or assist the client in conduct that the lawyer knows to be illegal or fraudulent.Conflicted Counsel retained by the Defendants assist Defendants in conduct that the Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials know is both Illegal and Fraud on the Courts. Apparently, in some circumstances, acting as their own Counsel they have no representative counsel that can represent them with unbiased advice or advise them that their actions are further Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law and to GO GET A NON-CONFLICTED ATTORNEY.8. Knowingly engage in other illegal conduct or conduct contrary to a Disciplinary Rule. The Amended Complaint lists hundreds of Illegal acts Defendants committed with Scienter, in addition to those defined already herein, that represent conduct contrary to almost every single applicable JC, ACC, PORR and Law.B. A lawyer who receives information clearly establishing that:1. The client has, in the course of the representation, perpetrated a fraud upon a person or tribunal shall promptly call upon the client to rectify the same, and if the client refuses or is unable to do so, the lawyer shall reveal the fraud to the affected person or tribunal, except when the information is protected as a confidence or secret.For example, this code would force Proskauer to notify the Court and other investigators that they and their client, themselves, have committed Fraud on the Court and other crimes directly on tribunals. Again, due to the Conflicts it appears they cannot get representative counsel to give them such sound advice.2. A person other than the client has perpetrated a fraud upon a tribunal shall reveal the fraud to the tribunal.This code section would force the Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials involved directly in the crimes or in the Cover-Up crimes, to turn each other in to authorities for their various crimes. Again, lack of representative counsel makes this impossible and thus more and more Violations of this code occur with every Illegal Legal Action constituting further Fraud on the Courts. DR 7-106 [1200.37] Trial ConductC. In appearing as a lawyer before a tribunal, a lawyer shall not:1. State or allude to any matter that he or she has no reasonable basis to believe is relevant to the case or that will not be supported by admissible evidence.The entire defenses submitted by Conflicted Counsel in these matters to this Court and the USDC are irrelevant, legally baseless and Illegal. The Pleadings submitted in Conflict will be admissible as evidence against those in Conflict who have perpetrated these Frauds on the Courts and otherwise stand as frivolous defamatory defenses. The evidence wholly does not support the Defendants claims of harassment by Plaintiff against them to this Court and the USDC, making their defenses wholly fraudulent and a FRAUD ON THIS COURT.2. Ask any question that he or she has no reasonable basis to believe is relevant to the case and that is intended to degrade a witness or other person.Counsel for Defendants, mainly the Defendants have continued to advance nonsensical defamatory attacks on Plaintiff to mislead the courts and investigators about their involvement in the Crimes, the Lawsuit, their Illegal Self-Representations and Cover-Up Crimes through continuous Conflict and Violations of AC, PORR and Law. 3. Assert personal knowledge of the facts in issue, except when testifying as a witness.4. Assert a personal opinion as to the justness of a cause, as to the credibility of a witness, as to the culpability of a civil litigant, or as to the guilt or innocence of an accused; but the lawyer may argue, upon analysis of the evidence, for any position or conclusion with respect to the matters stated herein.5. Fail to comply with known local customs of courtesy or practice of the bar or a particular tribunal without giving to opposing counsel timely notice of the intent not to comply.6. Engage in undignified or discourteous conduct which is degrading to a tribunal.Undignified and discourteous conduct fails to describe the heinous crimes that have degraded the rule of law in these proceedings and the continuous Fraud on the Courts taking place through Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law.7. Intentionally or habitually violate any established rule of procedure or of evidence.Intentionally and habitually, Defendants have Violated almost every established rule of procedure and evidence as described herein and in the Amended Complaint.DR 7-110 [1200.41] Contact with OfficialsB. In an adversary proceeding, a lawyer shall not communicate, or cause another to communicate, as to the merits of the cause with a judge or an official before whom the proceeding is pending except:1. In the course of official proceedings in the cause.2. In writing if the lawyer promptly delivers a copy of the writing to opposing counsel or to an adverse party who is not represented by a lawyer.3. Orally upon adequate notice to opposing counsel or to an adverse party who is not represented by a lawyer.4. As otherwise authorized by law, or by the Code of Judicial Conduct.Defendant Proskauer, Foley, Meltzer and perhaps other Defendants have contacted the NYAG to discuss legal strategies against Plaintiff, where contacting Public Officials involved in the Lawsuit may be a Violation of this rule that gave Defendants the ability to infiltrate official proceedings against them.CANON 8. A Lawyer Should Assist in Improving the Legal SystemDR 8-101 [1200.42] Action as a Public OfficialA. A lawyer who holds Public Office shall not:1. Use the public position to obtain, or attempt to obtain, a special advantage in legislative matters for the lawyer or for a client under circumstances where the lawyer knows or it is obvious that such action is not in the public interest.The handling of complaints by Defendants Proskauer, Krane and Triggs Violated PORR in positions they held in several Public Offices in both New York and Florida, in Violation of ACC and Law. Violations of the Public Offices was used to obtain special advantage in the proceedings, knowing that such actions were Violations of ACC, PORR and Law and adverse to Plaintiff and the public interest. Scheindlins court, and now this Court, may also be viewed misusing Public Offices to obtain special advantage for the Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials by allowing Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law to prevail Illegally and further knowingly concealing the Violations of their legal brethren by failing to report the misconduct and therefore Aiding and Abetting the Defendants.2. Use the public position to influence, or attempt to influence, a tribunal to act in favor of the lawyer or of a client.The handling of complaints by Defendants Proskauer, Krane and Triggs, Violated PORR, ACC and Law, as they held positions with several Public Offices in New York and Florida, that precluded their handling of complaints. These Violation of ACC, PORR and Law were used to obtain special advantage in the proceedings, knowing that such actions were Violations of Law and adverse to Plaintiff and the Publics interests. Scheindlins court, and this now this Court, allegedly Violating Public Offices in an attempt to further obtain special advantage for the Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials by allowing Violations of JC, ACC and Law to prevail Illegally and by further knowingly Concealing the Violations of their peers and failing to report the Misconduct.3. Accept anything of value from any person when the lawyer knows or it is obvious that the offer is for the purpose of influencing the lawyers action as a public official. CANON 9. A Lawyer Should Avoid Even the Appearance of Professional ImproprietyDR 9-101 [1200.45] Avoiding Even the Appearance of ImproprietyA. A lawyer shall not accept private employment in a matter upon the merits of which the lawyer has acted in a judicial capacity.B. Except as law may otherwise expressly permit:1. A lawyer shall not represent a private client in connection with a matter in which the lawyer participated personally and substantially as a Public Officer or employee, and no lawyer in a firm with which that lawyer is associated may knowingly undertake or continue representation in such a matter unless:a. The disqualified lawyer is effectively screened from any participation, direct or indirect, including discussion, in the matter and is apportioned no part of the fee therefrom; andb. There are no other circumstances in the particular representation that create an Appearance of Impropriety.2. A lawyer having information that the lawyer knows is confidential government information about a person, acquired when the lawyer was a Public Officer or employee, may not represent a private client whose interests are adverse to that person in a matter in which the information could be used to the material disadvantage of that person. A firm with which that lawyer is associated may knowingly undertake or continue representation in the matter only if the disqualified lawyer is effectively screened from any participation, direct or indirect, including discussion, in the matter and is apportioned no part of the fee therefrom.3. A lawyer serving as a Public Officer or employee shall not:a. Participate in a matter in which the lawyer participated personally and substantially while in private practice or non-governmental employment, unless under applicable law no one is, or by lawful delegation may be, authorized to act in the lawyers stead in the matter; orb. Negotiate for private employment with any person who is involved as a party or as attorney for a party in a matter in which the lawyer is participating personally and substantially. C. A lawyer shall not state or imply that the lawyer is able to influence improperly or upon irrelevant grounds any tribunal, legislative body, or public official.D. A lawyer related to another lawyer as parent, child, sibling or spouse shall not represent in any matter a client whose interests differ from those of another party to the matter who the lawyer knows is represented by the other lawyer unless the client consents to the representation after full disclosure and the lawyer concludes that the lawyer can adequately represent the interests of the client.DR 9-102 [1200.46] Preserving Identity of Funds and Property of Others; Fiduciary Responsibility; Commingling and Misappropriation of Client Funds or Property; Maintenance of Bank Accounts; Record Keeping; Examination of RecordsA. Prohibition Against Commingling and Misappropriation of Client Funds or Property.A lawyer in possession of any funds or other property belonging to another person, where such possession is incident to his or her practice of law, is a fiduciary, and must not misappropriate such funds or property or commingle such funds or property with his or her own.3. Maintain complete records of all funds, securities, and other properties of a client or third person coming into the possession of the lawyer and render appropriate accounts to the client or third person regarding them.TO BE FILED COMPLAINTSIf this Court is to deny Plaintiff request to immediately halt the proceedings pending resolution of each and every Conflict, then Plaintiff asks for a 120 day extension before further having to respond to any decree of this Court to achieve all of the following with such extension also to encompass a stay of appellate proceedings and as follows:1. formulate complaints against this Court, the USDC and Court Officials involved in this Lawsuit for allowing Conflicts, Violating JC, ACC, PORR and Law in order to Prejudice these proceedings in favor of the Defendants and causing Obstruction of Justice, 2. notify the proper oversight Authorities of failures by this Court and the USDC to notify the proper Authorities of Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law by Lawyers and Public Officials acting before the courts, as bound by JC, ACC, PORR and Law, 3. formulate complaints to have reviewed by oversight Authorities to these proceedings, to determine if this Court or the USDC can continue to act in Conflict and allow affirmed substantive Conflicts to persist which create an overwhelming Appearance of Impropriety that acts to Obstruct Plaintiffs Due Process rights,4. formulate complaints for failure of this Court and the USDC to affirm or deny Conflict when Legally requested in Plaintiffs Pleadings based on existing Conflicts and instead moving the Lawsuit on Defendants Conflict tainted Pleadings, prior to affirmation or denial or removal of the Conflicts,5. formulate complaints against all Defendant Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials for failing to run appropriate Conflict Checks prior to representing themselves in Conflict and failing to affirm or deny Conflict prior to handling these matters.Continuing Failures to resolve Conflicts Violating Plaintiffs Due process rights to fair settlement and established Civil Settlement procedures of the US Second Circuit in a Lawsuit where Documentary evidence alone is monumentalBeyond the Prejudicial Rulings of Judge Winter, Plaintiff has suffered further Prejudice due to the failure to address Conflict that adversely affects Plaintiff by denying and depriving Due Process in precluding the exercising of rights to the Second Circuits Civil Settlement process. This denial of Due Process is particularly egregious in Plaintiffs Lawsuit, which involves multiple Defendants under written and signed Non Disclosure Agreements and Confidentiality agreements, which call out for the economies of true justice to be available in settlement and where the Documentary evidence alone is monumental. Yet, the US Second Circuits civil settlement process railroaded by the Conflicts for nine plus months into the Appeals process. Surely, Non-Conflicted counsel would view the massive financial liabilities to so many at issue, in the light that true counsel should and thus the economies of the Court deprived in failing to perform such duties. First, Plaintiff, individually, comes to this Court with claims that this Court must remand the Lawsuit back to the USDC for further adjudication or to find a Non-Conflicted forum if the USDC cannot overcome the current Conflicts and continue adjudication. To fail to remand the Lawsuit back for adjudication to a Non-Conflicted court would be a further Obstruction of Plaintiffs rights, limiting the Lawsuit by Preclusion/Obstruction of material facts that may reverse the prior opinions of the lower court. Note that Conflicts and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law are the glue that binds the entire RICO Conspiracy together, keeping in play the ongoing Criminal Enterprise by precluding Due Process and Procedure. Evading prosecution for the original Crimes through a Cover-Up involving Public Office crimes and illegal Abuse of Process that perpetrates Fraud on the Courts and other crimes that all act to Aid and Abet the underlying original crimes against not only Plaintiff but also the United States, Foreign Nations and several States.New DISCIPLINARY Complaints Filed against first dept Chairman & Chief counsel for Violations of Public Offices rules and regulations. COMPLAINTS remain pending and before the nyag Andrew Cuomo1. Roy L. Reardon, Esq. Chairman, First Dept DDC[104], Docket number not yet received. The complaint against Reardon filed February 09, 2009, for Conflicts and Violations of ACC, PORR and Law. Filed for Reardons part in handling complaints filed recently against Defendants Foley, Proskauer, Smith, Mashberg, Norbitz and Sekel in this Lawsuit. Handling complaints while the First Dept and First Dept DDC are simultaneously Defendants in this Lawsuit who have representative Counsel, the NYAG causes obvious Conflict and Violations of PORR. The NYAG was to move the filed complaints from their Defendant Client First Dept DDC to a Non-Conflicted third party for investigation to avoid the obvious Conflicts and Appearance of Impropriety, for the failure to move the complaints and allowing their clients to handle complaints against other Defendants in Conflict, Plaintiff will soon file charges against the NYAG.2. Alan W. Friedberg, Esq., Chief Counsel, First Dept DDC, Docket number not yet received. The complaint against Friedberg filed February 09, 2009[105] for Conflict and Violations of ACC, PORR and Law. Violations that resulted from the First Dept handling recently filed complaints against Defendants Foley, Proskauer, Smith, Mashberg, Norbitz & Sekel[106], while the First Dept and First Dept DDC are simultaneously Defendants in the Lawsuit and further have representative Counsel, the NYAG. Plaintiff contacted the NYAG prior to filing the complaints, to determine who was to handle the complaints to avoid obvious Conflicts with Defendants First Dept and First Dept DDC and have the complaints moved to a Non-Conflicted third party (i.e. Conflict free court, grand jury, etc.). The NYAG was to handle moving the complaints to avoid continuing Violations of ACC, PORR and Law that create the Appearance of Impropriety. Despite assurances by the NYAG that the First Dept and First Dept DDC would not handle the complaints, the First Dept DDC instead acted on the complaints attempting to dismiss the complaints in efforts to exonerate other Defendants. The Dismissal based on baseless claims, in Violation of ACC, PORR and Law.3. Foley & Lardner  The First Dept DDC failed to formally docket & number the complaint filed against Foley according to PORR and Law. The NYAG was to have the complaints moved and handled by a Non-Conflicted third party due to the Conflicts their clients Defendants First Dept and First Dept DDC had regarding their Conflict as Defendants in the matters. The First Dept DDC instead acted in Conflict and Violation of ACC and PORR, skirting their Counsel the NYAG and attempting to dismiss Defendant Foleys complaint directly with Plaintiff while the First Dept DDC is also a Defendant. The dismissal formally and timely appealed.4. Gregg M. Mashberg, Esq., Proskauer Rose  The First Dept DDC failed to formally docket & number the complaint filed against Mashberg according to PORR and Law. The NYAG was to have the complaints moved and handled by a Non-Conflicted third party due to Conflicts their client Defendants First Dept and First Dept DDC had regarding their Conflict as Defendants in the matters. The First Dept DDC instead acted in Conflict and Violation of ACC and PORR, skirting their Counsel the NYAG and attempting to dismiss Defendant Mashbergs complaint directly with Plaintiff while the First Dept DDC is also a Defendant. The dismissal formally and timely appealed.5. Joanna F. Smith, Esq., Proskauer Rose  The First Dept DDC failed to formally docket & number the complaint filed against Smith according to PORR and Law. The NYAG was to have the complaints moved and handled by a Non-Conflicted third party due to Conflicts their client Defendants First Dept and First Dept DDC had regarding their Conflict as Defendants in the matters. The First Dept DDC instead acted in Conflict and Violation of ACC and PORR, skirting their Counsel the NYAG and attempting to dismiss Defendant Smiths complaint directly with Plaintiff while the First Dept DDC is also a Defendant. The dismissal formally and timely appealed.6. Todd C. Norbitz, Esq., Foley & Lardner  The First Dept DDC failed to formally docket & number the complaint filed against Norbitz according to PORR and Law. The NYAG was to have the complaints moved and handled by a Non-Conflicted third party due to Conflicts their client Defendants First Dept and First Dept DDC had regarding their Conflict as Defendants in the matters. The First Dept DDC instead acted in Conflict and Violation of ACC and PORR, skirting their Counsel the NYAG and attempting to dismiss Defendant Norbitzs complaint directly with Plaintiff while the First Dept DDC is also a Defendant. The dismissal formally and timely appealed.7. Anne B. Sekel, Esq.  The First Dept DDC failed to formally docket & number the complaint filed against Sekel according to PORR and Law. The NYAG was to have the complaints moved and handled by a Non-Conflicted third party due to Conflicts their client Defendants First Dept and First Dept DDC had regarding their Conflict as Defendants in the matters. The First Dept DDC instead acted in Conflict and Violation of ACC and PORR, skirting their Counsel the NYAG and attempting to dismiss Defendant Sekels complaint directly with Plaintiff while the First Dept DDC is also a Defendant. The dismissal formally and timely appealed.All newly filed complaints and the Conflicted Dismissal by the First Dept DDC formally and timely appealed to the First Dept DDC and Plaintiff is waiting for further response from the First Dept DDC regarding the Appeal of the Dismissals. Until such time that final decisions can be rendered by the First Dept DDC and oversight Authorities summoned can determine if the First Dept DDC can legally be involved in the handling of Defendant Complaints while a Defendant.PRIOR FIRST DEPT COMPLAINTS NOT RESOLVED BY DUE PROCESS AND MIRED IN CONFLICT AND FURTHER VIOLATIONS OF PUBLIC OFFICE RULES AND REGULATIONS1. Thomas Cahill complaint No. 2004.1122[107] transferred for Special Inquiry to Martin Gold. Recently, it has come to the attention of Plaintiff that Defendant Gold and Quasi Plaintiff Lamont recently attempted to have Gold dismiss the Cahill complaint after years in limbo without any authorization to act on behalf of Iviewit companies in any capacity[108]. Gold, a Defendant in the Lawsuit, obviously blatantly acting in Conflict and Violation of First Dept Rules & Regulations in handling matters against Defendant Cahill which now stands as cause for yet another soon to be filed complaint, this time against Gold, Cahill and Quasi Plaintiff, soon to be defendant, Lamont. Plaintiff has notified the NYAG Andrew Cuomos Chief of Staff, Steven Cohen[109], of these recent attempts of Defendants dismissing Disciplinary Complaints against other Defendants and asked for investigation, or referral, to a Non-Conflicted Party to investigate the First Dept, First Dept DDC, Gold and Lamont for their actions in Violation of AC, PORR and Law.2. Steven C. Krane / Proskauer Rose docket #2004.1883[110]. First Dept ordered investigation. Proskauer Partner Krane was also a First Dept Officer, First Dept DDC Officer, former NYSBA President & Proskauer Partner holding multiple other Public Office roles in Ethics that additionally Conflicted Krane from involvement in any matters before the First Dept and certainly matters implicating his firm Proskauer and himself. Krane found Violating ACC, PORR and Law in his representation of First Dept DDC complaints against his firm Defendant Proskauer, Proskauer Partner Rubenstein and himself while a First Dept Officer. Kranes Illegal actions creating the Appearance of Impropriety that resulted in court ordered Investigation that never occurred due to further discovered Conflicts with Krane and the new investigator at the Second Dept DDC, Defendant Kearse. Defendant Wolfe exposing Kranes Conflicting Official Role with the First DDC and Cahills attempt to Cover-Up Kranes involvement.3. Kenneth Rubenstein / Proskauer Rose docket #2003.0531[111]. First Dept ordered investigation. Proskauer Partner Rubenstein found Violating ACC, PORR and Law, acting in COI with Krane and creating the Appearance of Impropriety. Rubenstein also had Conflict for his representation of Plaintiff as PATENT COUNSEL, while the sole Patent Evaluator for Defendant MPEGLA, a patent pooling scheme he was central to forming. Defendant MPEGLA is now one of the largest infringers of Plaintiffs Technologies. Rubenstein, initially representing himself as a Proskauer Partner with Defendant Joao when taking Patent disclosures and only later was it learned that both Rubenstein and Joao were from Defendant Meltzers law firm. Upon confronting Proskauer with the attorney misrepresentations, Proskauer immediately opened an Intellectual Property practice and moved the entire IP department of Meltzer (except Defendant Joao) to the newly formed Proskauer IP practice, except Joao who was staying behind to finish up the work at Meltzer and then was to transfer to Proskauer. The transfer never occurred as Proskauer undertook investigating initial allegations that Joao, the Attorney Proskauer brought in, was putting Plaintiffs Intellectual Properties into his own name. Along with the transfer of the Meltzer IP department to Proskauer, Proskauer acquired the account MPEGLA, LLC and the patent pools created by and controlled by Rubenstein, a pooling scheme that directly competes with Plaintiffs Technologies. At the time of the firm transfer, MPEGLA had inferior technologies to Plaintiffs Technologies and Plaintiffs Technologies could have been extinguished the pooling scheme had Plaintiff aligned with other interested parties. 4. Proskauer now directly acts in these proceedings as a competitor to Plaintiffs Technologies and using Anti Competitive actions, including Abuse of Process, Fraud on Courts, Death Threats, Car Bombings, etc., to deny Plaintiff his Intellectual Properties. Intellectual Properties mysteriously converted to Proskauers new client MPEGLA in their newly formed IP department, converted to Utley, converted to Joao and unknown Others[112] that directly reaps benefits from their former clients technologies while abusing him daily for almost a decade. Certainly, Plaintiff and the True and Proper Inventors of the Technologies have not benefited. Inventor Plaintiff Bernstein, his wife and children have lived much of time from 2001 to present on WELFARE, forced into hiding throughout the country, fleeing home and families and friends, giving up everything, including personal possessions in order to flee dangerous situations, including from Death Threats and Car Bombings and penniless. The Court may want to pause and ask why Plaintiffs PATENT Lawyers are benefiting directly from their former Clients Technologies, while former Counsel has forced their former Client into poverty through Illegal action after Illegal action. Then, the Court must ask why Proskauer is front and center in many of the biggest financial schemes in the country today where billions of dollars of money are vanishing into thin air. Then the Court must ask if those schemes tie to these events and perhaps constitute further Frauds, legal concocted schemes using the Courts to facilitate the Ponzi schemes as further Fraud on those courts and possible money laundering schemes? Plaintiff already alleged several Frauds on the courts in the Amended Complaint including a Federal Bankruptcy Court, a Florida Civil Court and several State Supreme Courts. As the Criminal Enterprise cloaked as Law Firms, appear to use the courts as part of their Illegal Legal Criminal Enterprise in order commit crimes and evade Prosecution.5. Raymond A. Joao / Meltzer / Proskauer docket #2003-0352[113]. First Dept court ordered investigation. Joao found Violating ACC, PORR and Law, acting in COI and creating the Appearance of Impropriety. Joao ordered for an investigation that never occurred due to further discovered Conflicts with Defendants Krane and Kearse at the Second Dept DDC. Joao discovered putting patents into his own name directly while retained by Plaintiff and corresponding to the Inventions learned through patent disclosures with Plaintiff. Joao claims that he has 90+ patents in his name now.6. Christopher C. Wheeler[114]7. Matthew Triggs[115]REMOVAL OF quasi Plaintiff P. STEPHEN LAMONT from these proceedings and all related matters and reporting his actions before this court and more to the proper authoritiesAs mentioned already to this Court and the USDC in prior Pleadings, Quasi Plaintiff P. Stephen Lamont has acted in knowing Violation of ACC and Law regarding representing other parties when one is not a licensed lawyer with any bar association. Lamont is aware that it may be Illegal to represent others before a Federal Court without their consent or knowledge, while at the same time not representing any personal interest in the Lawsuit, as Lamont failed to sue individually at all. Lamont, a graduate of Colombia Law with a Degree in Patent Law cannot claim ignorance of the law for these obvious Violations of ACC and Law, as stated in his own words on the www.iviewit.tv homepage, With more than a fifteen year track record as a multimedia technology and consumer electronics licensing executive and holder of a J.D. in Intellectual Property Law from Columbia University, an M.B.A. in Finance, and a B.S. in Industrial Engineering The law is clear! A Non-Licensed law school graduate who fails to pass or even take the bar exam ( Lamont claims he never took the exam ), cannot represent anyone but themselves in the courts. Lamont has clearly proved through his own Pleadings to this Court and the USDC that he is representing the interests of Other Plaintiffs and not himself. The fact that Lamont acts as Counsel for Others is Proved in the filing Caption of the Original Complaint, which he authored entirely, whereby it states P. Stephen Lamont on Behalf Of and NEVER, P. Stephen Lamont individually, leaving him no Legal Basis, except a Fraudulent Basis in this Lawsuit. Plaintiff Inventor Bernstein represents his individual interests. Plaintiff Bernstein, since learning that representing on behalf of others, without their prior consent and a legal license, despite Lamonts contention that this is somehow legal, notified the Court of the possible Crimes and Violations of ACC this represents and requested this Court and the USDC to withdraw his representation on behalf of anyone but himself. Despite Plaintiffs repeated advice to Lamont regarding his Illegal Representation, Lamont has failed to file individually and still remains acting Illegally on behalf of Others in this Lawsuit and perpetrates yet another, in a long list, of Frauds on the Courts by impersonating an attorney.Lamont claims to be representing the Iviewit companies as an Officer, in recent direct letters to Defendants in these matters such as the First Dept, Martin Gold and others, Lamont claiming he is CEO of the Iviewit companies. Once again, Lamonts own words are his Waterloo, from the www.iviewit.tv homepage quoting Lamont,By way of introduction, I am P. Stephen Lamont, former Acting CEO of Iviewit (counsel advised all Iviewit executives to resign their posts and work along side Iviewit rather than within Iviewit, as the former Board of Directors, Counsel and Accountants, disbanded without requisite notice to Shareholders in Violation of law, thereby leaving massive liability and exposure) and a significant shareholder in Iviewit. Yet, Lamont contacts Defendants[116] as an Iviewit Officer of an Iviewit company in New York, a previously unbeknownst Iviewit company to Plaintiff Bernstein who has no knowledge of any such company licensed in New York but with the number of illegally setup companies by certain Defendants, anything appears possible. Lamont fully aware that he has no Official role at any Iviewit companies and was terminated long ago by Plaintiff individually from employ when Plaintiff learned of possible crimes involving Lamonts possible Fraud on this Court and the USDC created by his Illegally representing others and more. Lamont additionally was advised by Counsel of the numerous Laws, including hosts of Securities Laws he would Violate if he acted in Official capacity for Iviewit, especially without ANY Board of Director action voting him into any role with Iviewit. Yet, Lamont ignores these warnings from actual lawyers who passed the bar. Following insanely along, Lamont recently has been contacting Defendants directly, while knowing the Defendants have retained Counsel in the Lawsuit. The NYAG represents the Defendants Lamont is contacting directly which is yet another Violation of ACC if he were a lawyer or one day when he passes the bar. The letters between Lamont and the State Defendants appear as direct Conspiratorial efforts by Lamont to subterfuge Plaintiff Bernsteins efforts in these proceedings by creating letters of dismissal on Disciplinary Complaints that are in question in the proceedings. Letters obtained through Quasi Plaintiff Lamont contacting Defendants directly versus through Counsel the NYAG and working with the Defendants to secure Dismissal letters for other Defendants in the Lawsuit. The crimes of Lamont acting as an Officer of a company he knows he is not an Officer of and further interfering and colluding with Defendants in these matters to derail Plaintiff Bernsteins efforts by perpetrating yet another Fraud on this Court are reasons for new complaints with Law Enforcement and Disciplinary Agencies. A far worse crime comes from this Courts being aware that Lamont is acting in Violation of ACC and Law regarding his actions impersonating an Attorney and Officer of a company that he is not an Officer of and yet allowing Lamont to continue to file Pleadings despite the obvious Misconduct and possible crimes this creates. This gives Plaintiff Bernstein rights to invoke the solicitation of criminal authorities regarding this Courts further Aiding and Abetting Violations of ACC and Law by Lamont and other Defendants and the Courts failure to Report such actions to the proper Authorities. Plaintiff Bernstein has contacted Steven M. Cohen, Chief of Staff of NY AG Cuomo and notified him of Lamonts attempted collusion to fix complaints with Defendants that the NYAG represents in these matters, the Conflicts and Appearance of Impropriety caused, and perhaps the criminal issues for Lamont and the First Dept DDC Officers involved. Plaintiff is to contact Cohen shortly to asses if the NYAG can continue to handle the matters and if not, whom the appropriate authority is if the NYAG cannot continue.Oversight Sought TO REVIEW THE VIOLATIONS OF THIS COURT PERTAINING TO VIOLATIONS OF Judicial cannons, attorney conduct codes, public office rules & Regulations and law Plaintiff will be notifying and summoning oversight from all of the following Authorities to evaluate this Courts and the USDCs actions and determine if Conflict without resolution can be allowed and if the Lawsuit can continue moving forward in VIOLATION of JC, ACC, PORR, State and Federal Law:1. Plaintiff will summon the USAG, the Honorable Eric Holder, to represent Crimes alleged committed against the US Government, the USPTO, Foreign Nations and other Title 18 Crimes cited herein and in the Amended Complaint. Plaintiff has previously summoned Holder regarding these matters but Holder may be busy investigating a multitude of senior ranking Government lawyers, law firms and others alleged to have Violated International War Crimes and Torture Treatises. Crimes that led to the Death of Thousands of US Troops and Millions of foreign victims, resulting from War Crimes that were created by predominately Lawyers. On the other hand, perhaps Holder is busy investigating a multitude of senior ranking Government lawyers in regulatory posts who closed their eyes allowing the economic collapse of the nation. On the other hand and we are running out of hands, law firms may be at the center and cause of massive financial crimes and Ponzi schemes actually in Cahoots with lax Regulators. Interesting to note how many lawyers leave firms to undertake a noble and unpaid job in state and federal positions and then return to the fold when discovered committing crimes or covering them up for the firms and criminals involved. Why is this rant important here you may ask? This shows that recently Lawyers at the highest level of Government, the highest levels of Law Enforcement (i.e. the CIA, the USAG and the DOJ) and the highest level of business and economic law have committed and may still be committing very serious crimes. Crimes that are Treasonous, Violate International War & Torture Treatises and hosts of other crimes and where lawyers and the legal profession are at the center, perhaps the instigator of the crimes while wholly betraying the rule of law they are beholden too and sworn to in Oath under G-d. Crimes that collaborate with Plaintiffs contention in the Amended Complaint that the powerful and politically connected Defendant Law Firms and Lawyers[117]. Once caught, such persons seized control of the Government at the highest levels, in a coup dtat, to prevent prosecution resulting from their crimes and achieve Top down control of the Executive Branch, Courts and Justice Dept and once the fox were in the henhouse, they moved on to more and more serious and lucrative crimes. These crimes have taken our Country into a very Sad and Dark period of her history, one where Government appears ruled by criminals who Violate their own rules and then try to change the rules and laws to make their crimes legal. Plaintiff patiently awaits response from Holder regarding the prior summons and will petition his office again regarding the new Obstruction crimes and other crimes defined herein but with an understanding of the far more serious crimes that must be stopped first to prevent further innocent US Soldiers from being murdered by actions resulting from bad lawyers with bad legal advice,2. US Solicitor General, The Honorable Elena Kagan, will be summoned to join the Lawsuit regarding the claims on behalf of the US Government and Foreign Nations,3. Congressional Oversight of Judges & Justice from all appropriate Congressional Committees will be sought,4. Plaintiff will summon US Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit  The Honorable Dennis G. Jacobs regarding the to be filed complaints regarding the Judicial Conduct of this Court and the USDC. Under the Judicial Conduct and Disability Act of 1980, as amended, an adverse ruling by the Chief Judge Jacobs, can and will be petitioned at the Circuit Judicial Council for review if the Chief Judge dismisses the complaint or concludes the proceeding. It is now most likely necessary to transfer the Lawsuit before this Court out of the New York courts where Conflict after Conflict after Conflict remain unresolved and Obstructing Justice. There is a new rule that implements the Breyer Committees recommendation that some complaint proceedings should be transferred to a judicial council in a different circuit selected by the Chief Justice, for example, where the issues are highly visible and a local disposition may weaken public confidence in the process. It should be not that Judge Ralph K. Winter is also the Chairman of Committee on Judicial Conduct & Disability and any Conflicts should be negated prior to any influence this relation can assert on that process, 5. Plaintiff will summon through Petition the United States Supreme Court to intervene in this Lawsuit and review the conduct of this Court, the USDC, the Law Firms, the Lawyers, the Public Court Officials and others. Scheindlin points the Legally Related Lawsuits to take up their rights regarding the corruption in the New York Courts with the Supreme Court, stating that is the only US Court that can resolve the issues of New York Public Office Corruption,6. Plaintiff will summon the NYAG Public Integrity Unit and New Yorks Attorney General the Honorable Andrew Cuomo and his Chief of Staff, Steven Michael Cohen to investigate the matters herein and in the Amended Complaint or find a suitable Non-Conflicted Investigatory Authority to replace them. 7. Plaintiff has summoned the aid of the NYAG as directed by Scheindlin in her Dismissal Order. Problems arise in Plaintiff seeking the aid of the NYAG to investigate the Public Officials and complaints against them, in that NYAG represents the State Defendants so new and old disciplinary complaints against First Dept and First Dept DDC members now must be handled through their respective counsel the NYAG, whom may have to pass the matters to a Non-Conflicted third party to investigate the complaints of the First Dept, First Dept DDC and the actions of the NYAG,8. Plaintiff has summoned the NYAG, a named Defendant in the Amended Complaint, who now needs to seek Non-Conflicted Counsel for representation of their offices and former officers forward in these matters. The fact that the NYAG is now a Defendant in the Lawsuit creates Conflict in their continued role as Counsel for other Defendants and forces their recusal from the matters. Here again, a Non-Conflicted third party may be necessary to replace the NYAG to conduct further handling and investigation of the Public Office Corruption charges against First Dept, First Dept DDC members and NYAG members, all of whom the NYAG represents currently in response to the Amended Complaint,9. Plaintiff has spoken recently with NYAG Cuomos Chief of Staff Steven Cohen, and directed several follow up letters to him regarding the mass of Conflict and attempt to resolve how to proceed forward to avoid further Obstructions of Justice caused by the Conflicts. Plaintiff requested the NYAG find an authority to replace itself or to give notice to their clients/Defendants to seek other counsel so that they may also proceed in their duties to the public to conduct Public Office Corruption probes, especially when brought by a Whistleblower. This Court must force the NYAG immediately to comply with ACC, PORR and Law, prior to any other Rulings based on their Pleadings tendered in Conflict. The Court must force the NYAG to address the issues of Conflict with their State Defendant Clients that is causing Obstruction and cease their Self-Representation of their Offices and get Counsel, immediately determining if the NYAG and the State Defendants they represent are both now in need of NON-CONFLICTED Counsel to represent them. The Court must force the NYAG to decide if it is intending on fulfilling their Public Office Duties and Legal Obligations to Protect the Public by starting immediate and thorough investigations of Anderson and the Legally Related lawsuits claims or whom the Plaintiffs should turn to investigate the Public Office Corruption when the NYAG is Conflicted,10. Plaintiff will summon and file Complaints for all alleged Violations of ACC with the First Dept and First Dept DDC regarding the new Complaint matter discussed herein but will also compel them to find a Non-Conflicted third party to transfer ALL old and new complaints for impartial review too. Plaintiff will request from the new investigator a rehearing of all old complaints based on the Anderson revelations and other new and recent information learned about Conflicts at these Agencies,11. Plaintiff will summon and file new Complaints with the Virginia Bar and Virginia Supreme Court, yet due to the Conflicts found with these State Agencies and Defendant Foley who acts as their attorneys, Plaintiff will ask that all new complaints and the original complaint against Defendant William (Dick) Dick be transferred for a rehearing by a Non-Conflicted party. 12. Plaintiff will summon the Virginia Supreme Court regarding filing new Complaints against the Virginia AG for his personal Conflicted involvement in this Lawsuit and the Virginia AGs failure to address his Clients Defendants Virginia Bar and Virginia Supreme Court Conflicts with Foley and Lardner. Defendant Foleys Clients being the Virginia Bar and Virginia Supreme Court all failing to address the Conflicts presented by this unique cross representation as required by ACC, PORR and Law.13. Plaintiff will summon and file new Complaints with the Florida Bar and the Florida Supreme Court, noting the Conflict of their Counsel Greenberg in the matters before this Court, defined already herein and asking for review of the entire Florida Civil Case of Proskauer v. Iviewit and the Bar Complaints filed based on Andersons claims. 14. Plaintiff will summon the Office of New York State Office of the State Comptroller - Thomas P. DiNapoli. Plaintiff will file Complaints if necessary to make sure that all state New York State agencies and individuals sued in the lawsuit are properly accounting for the Trillion Dollar plus liability generated by this lawsuit to the State Agencies named as Defendants. The State Agencies have incurred liabilities and may be Violating State Accounting Laws regarding the reporting and accounting of liabilities.15. Plaintiff will summon and file Complaints if necessary with the New York State Insurance Department - Kermitt J. Brooks, Acting Superintendent regarding filing complaints to make certain that the Law Firms, Lawyers and other Defendants in the Lawsuit have properly noticed insurance carriers and any others, including state agencies, who may have liabilities stemming from the lawsuit,16. Plaintiff has summoned the New York Senate Judiciary through former Proskauer Rose Attorney and now New York State Senator Democratic Conference Leader, (D, WF) 19th Senate District and Chair of the Judiciary Committee, John L. Sampson. The full committee is already involved reviewing matters directly related to this Lawsuit and is holding hearings in which Anderson and the Iviewit matters slated further to testify at in September. Plaintiff will summon the Senate Judiciary Committee to review the actions of this Court and determine if it may continue to operate in Violation of the rules of the Court and other matters defined herein and in the Amended Complaint,17. Plaintiff has summoned already the United States House and Senate Judiciary Committees  The Honorable John Conyers Jr. (D-MI 14th) - Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee and The Honorable United States Senator Dianne Feinstein and the full committees that are already involved reviewing matters directly related to this Lawsuit, to now review the actions of this Court and determine if it may continue to operate in Violation of the rules of the Court,18. Plaintiff has already summoned but will again summon regarding new matter, the Honorable Glenn Fine - Inspector General of the Department of Justice, regarding the criminal elements of this Courts actions complained of herein, as well as, other new crimes recently discovered in the possibly related financial crimes of Madoff, Dreier, Stanford, etc.,19. Plaintiff has already summoned the Commissioner of Securities & Exchange Commission - Mary L. Schapiro, regarding the filing of additional Complaints against Defendants from BOTH the Original Complaint and the Amended Complaint. Plaintiff filed complaints with the SEC against Intel and Lockheed, to ensure that Defendants whom are required to follow Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Rule No 5 are accounting and reporting properly in relation to liabilities. Liabilities arise for Defendants named in this Trillion Dollar Lawsuit who must report the lawsuits according to well-established accounting rules. Additional liabilities arise from the knowing and willful Intellectual Property infringement under signed agreements in many instances, for an additional Trillion Dollars or more. This liability resulting from infringement requires reporting to shareholders under FASB No. 5 from the time of infringement in 1998 forward. NOTE: Formal SEC Complaints filed by Plaintiff already referenced herein. 20. Plaintiff will summon the Federal Bureau of Investigation regarding complaints relating to Obstruction of federal proceedings and other federal crimes alleged herein and complaints relating to financial crimes causing Trillions of Dollars of risk to Victims that far exceed the Madoff scandal damages directly relating to these matters. Note: See Plaintiff-Appellant Investigations Master List and related Evidentiary Links for Requests, complaints and investigations diligently and continuously initiated by Plaintiff-Appellant Bernstein via the FBI and other relevant agencies, governmental units, etc. 21. Plaintiff will summon the DOJ Antitrust Division, under the leadership of Assistant Attorney General Christine Varney regarding the Antitrust matters as stated in the Amended Complaint and the continued Antitrust & RICO Violations. Plaintiff Appellant E.I. Bernstein previously wrote to the US Anti-Trust Division regarding MPEG[118]and[119].22. Plaintiff will address Procedural questions to the Office of the General Counsel, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, Thurgood Marshall Federal Judiciary Building, Washington, D.C., 20544, (202-502-1100).Halt Case Pending Oversight ReviewThis Court must now address the Conflicts, IMMEDIATELY AND PRIOR TO any other substantive Ruling or Order, HALTING the Lawsuit until such time that the all Conflicts removed and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law ceased. Further, this Court shall Cease Ruling on the Appeal, Brief Replies or ANY issue submitted by knowingly Conflicted Counsel and based on Conflicted and perhaps Illegal Rulings by Scheindlin tendered in Violation of JC, ACC, PORR and Law. Ultimately, the Court must strike these Illegal Pleadings and Rulings from the Record, other than as evidence of Ethical Violations and other Crimes that resulted in Criminal Obstruction and Fraud committed upon this Court with Scienter by those Violating their own Rules and Law before this Court.This Court must HALT the Lawsuit immediately and issue no further decisions going forward while this Court is aware that Defendant Counsel and Court Personnel are acting in Conflict and Violation of JC, ACC, PORR and Law and thus must rectify the Conflicts and cease allowing Conflicted Counsel and Justices to move the Lawsuit and this Court illegally. The Court cannot LEGALLY proceed under Law knowingly Violating Law.All prior complaints and court Lawsuits influenced by Conflict, including this Court and the USDC, need rehearing with Non-Conflicted Law Firms and Lawyers representing Defendants and Non-Conflicted Justices and Court Personnel handling and adjudicating the Lawsuit forward and reviewing prior decisions that were infected by the prior Conflicts, Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law. The Court must now HALT the proceedings until resolution from all oversight Authorities Plaintiff is summoning have time to review the overabundance of evidence regarding the alleged Abuse of Process, Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law that together constitute Fraud on this Court and determine if the Lawsuit can proceed in Violation of Law. Fraud on the Court committed by members of this Court and members of the USDC, where both courts and their members are Legally Obligated to uphold the JC, ACC, PORR and Law, will vacate all prior Pleadings, Rulings, Orders, etc. in these matters.The Scheindlin dismissal left standing paves the way to commit Illegal Legal crimes, which sounds so illogical especially when committed by those charged with upholding Law. Defendants who have legal degrees can now use their legal powers to infiltrate the disciplinary committees, the courts and the investigatory agencies that are supposed to be investigating their actions when they are caught in crimes, handle their own complaints in Conflict and then deny Due Process through Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law. Then, through COI and Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law, they can further attempt to claim immunity while they control the legal processes to deny Due Process to extend past any Statutes of Limitations, creating a shield for themselves from prosecution to their crimes? To top that the State Defendants have their defenses paid for by the Public, as is the case in the present Lawsuit where the NYAG defends the defendant New York Public Officials and Public Agencies named in the Original Complaint, which are several of the same Public Officials as Anderson identifies as part of the Systemic corruption. The NYAG representing the Public Officials despite an inside Whistleblower revealing several of the same Officials involvement in alleged Public Office Crimes, which should be absolute cause for the NYAG to represent the Publics interests regarding the Obstruction charges leveled by Anderson against these same Public Officers. The continued representation of these Defendants by the NYAG Conflicts with the duty the NYAG has to protect the Public and this Conflict causes Obstruction blocking the ability of Plaintiff or Anderson to have investigations preformed of these Public Officials. In fact, Scheindlin upon dismissal directs the Legally Related Lawsuits to contact the NYAG regarding the crimes committed against them, which is ironic since they are now Conflicted in their client representations from carrying out their Public Office duties creating Obstruction of Justice to the Victims. Most astonishing is that the defense of Anderson, the Whistleblower protecting the Public Interest, paid for out of her own pocket, whilst the NYAG is busy representing the Public Office Defendants named by Anderson on Johnny Q. Publics expense, despite the Legal Duties of the NYAG to represent and serve the People first prior to possibly corrupt Public OfficialsIf the internal ethical cleansing needed to restore a Conflict free Court cannot be self-imposed by this Court, on this Court, and, all those involved in the Lawsuit forced to comply with all JC, ACC, PORR and Law, then take this as OFFICIAL notice that Plaintiff is seeking immediate Oversight of this Courts actions. Plaintiff will file both civil and criminal Complaints against the Court as defined herein. Until oversight Authorities summoned reach their conclusions, Plaintiff refuses to continue forward in the Proceedings, which are tainted, giving illegal advantage to the Defendants. Therefore, Plaintiff will file no other pleading with this Court until such time that all demands for Justice through Conflict resolution by oversight Authorities sought are finalized and all those involved in these matters comply with JC, AC, PORR and Law. Plaintiff will not submit further submissions and/or pleadings until all Oversight Authorities have rendered final decisions on the alleged Illegal actions of this Court, the USDC, the NYAG, the Law Firms, Lawyers and Disciplinary Committees as defined further herein.CITIZENs ARREST  FREEZE & SURRENDER TO AUTHORITIESIn summation, this Writ of Motion to Compel, Compelling this Court and all those involved with Professional Legal Titles to Freeze, put your hands up in the air and surrender. Surrender until all applicable Law Enforcement and oversight Authorities summoned can evaluate your further right to continued involvement in these matters and can determine the degree of Your culpability of which You may become a Defendant in these matters. Freeze, as this is a Citizens Arrest[120] and take no further action that Violates JC, ACC, PORR and Law as required by JC, ACC, PORR and Law, for a period necessary for Authorities summoned to examine the alleged Violations of JC, ACC, PORR and Law. You [all Justices, Court Personnel, Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Office Officials involved in the Legal Disposition of this Lawsuit] have the right to remain silent. Anything You say [or put in Order or Motion or Pleading, etc. in this Lawsuit] can and will be used against You in a court of law [a conflict free court]Do You understand these rights? This reading of Miranda is not a joke but more a Citizens Arrest notification that action on Your part forward without the summoned oversight Authorities and Law Enforcement approval of Your actions thus far and continuation going forward will be met with further CRIMINAL AND CIVIL charges against You. ANY ACTION taken prior to such time will incur filing of criminal charges against You with all appropriate authorities. Charges will include US Code Title 18 Obstruction charges, RICO charges and more, as defined herein and in the Amended Complaint and it would be best if YOU TURN YOURSELF IN TO AUTHORITIES versus forcing further rights under a Citizens Arrest to Force You into custody.I remind this Court, which acts outside its own Rules, as if Above the Law, of the all too recent Judges Trial[121] of the infamous Nuremberg Trials. Proving that no one is Above the Law, not Justices, not Lawyers, nor Presidents or Deciders and that while power may corrupt and perverse those that control law at times, when the Long Arm of the Law regains its reach, the Guilty will be Tried despite their Titles and perceived Entitlement. Changing laws in order to commit crimes by those entrusted to uphold the sanctity of Law is not a defense that holds up well in a fair and impartial courtroom. Once Law and Order was re-established, the NAZI Party crushed and their delusional grandeur deflated, the Judges Trial tried the NAZI justices and lawyers who changed Law to allow Torture, Death Camps and Theft of Personal Properties, all eventually convicted in US Courts acting in Germany for the War Crimes, including for the Abuse and Misuse of Law. Above the Law while deluded in grandeur from sick Abuse of Power, yet in the end sentenced to life imprisonment for their crimes and forever stamped into history as Nazi war criminals. Eventually Justice will return to This Court and those guilty of misusing Law for personal gain to the disadvantage of citizens tried and convicted too.PRAYER FOR RELIEFWHEREFORE, this Court Shall:1. instantly issue Rule 11 Sanctions against Defendants and/or Defendants Counsel who have appeared in Conflict and in violation of JC, ACC, PORR and Law in the USDC and USCA lawsuit for frivolous defense pleadings and illegal conduct or alternatively grant an immediate hearing on this Motion to Compel.2. instantly follow all JC, ACC, PORR and Law that it is Legally Obligated to follow,3. instantly force disclosure of all parties in these matters to affirm or deny Conflict with any of the parties to this suit and to all those plaintiffs and defendants in all the Legally Related Lawsuits to Anderson, 4. force all Law Firms, Lawyers and Public Officials involved in this Lawsuit to run verifiable COI Checks and present the findings to Plaintiff,5. instantly remove all Conflicted parties that this Court and Scheindlin are aware of,6. instantly report the misconduct of all those found Violating JC, ACC, PORR and/or Law to all appropriate authorities as proscribed by JC, ACC, PORR and Law,7. immediately HALT these proceedings until all Oversight Authorities summoned render final decisions relating to the conduct of this Court and others,8. grant ample time for a healthy recovery of Plaintiff Bernstein from his facial reconstructive surgeries, complete teeth removal, dental replacement and a kidney stone extraction. This Court has thus far forced Plaintiff to continue on schedule, denying time for complete medical recovery according to a Medical Plan submitted to this Court, despite absolute knowledge of the health danger and risk posed for recovery of forcing Plaintiff to continue. Bernstein has been under medical treatment requiring heavy continuous pain medication, repeated surgeries and medical procedures since filing this Appeal, resulting from a life threatening infection causing the need for emergency treatment and additionally currently diagnosed with a Kidney Stone. On July 15, 2009, his dental specialist advised Bernstein that his condition was highly unstable and that he needed to restart treatment as soon as possible. Of course, that is impossible while SFG monies remain frozen and in some instances apparently gone.1. grant additional time for the initially proscribed 18 months of facial reconstructive treatment now further delayed due to the SFG / Stanford Ponzi Schemes financial impact on Plaintiff Bernsteins immediate family, a scheme apparently orchestrated by Defendant Proskauer. Plaintiff requests the time granted be as long as funds in the SFG matter are unrecoverable and/or other funds to continue medical treatment and found. Due to the SFG losses, Plaintiffs dental treatments have ceased until payment can resume, leaving him in an even further unstable condition because of Defendant Proskauer.2. appoint Pro Bono counsel to assist in the preparation of the Lawsuit so as not to further limit Plaintiffs Due Process rights by limiting the ability to prepare this Lawsuit under duress. If this Court is further unsympathetic to Plaintiffs extreme medical conditions, including Kidney Stones, Facial Reconstruction, Entire Teeth Removal and Implant Replacement necessary due to LIFE THREATENING infection, than Pro Bono counsel would be righteous to assist Plaintiff and if not afforded would be further evidence of Legal Process Abuse to deny Due Process and TOTALLY UNCOMPASSIONATE casting further the Appearance of Impropriety, 3. force recusal of Winter and Wolfe and force full disclosure of any Conflict they had,4. appoint Pro Bono counsel as Plaintiff has filed suit in relation to a real New York HERO, Christine C. Anderson, in her heroic insider Whistleblower lawsuit that Scheindlin is moving to trial. Since Plaintiff files in New York in order to support such heroic efforts on behalf of the Great State of New York and its heroic citizen in efforts to rid PUBLIC OFFICE CORRUPTION, Pro Bono counsel remains appropriate and denied merely further obstructs,5. appoint Pro Bono counsel due to the extreme financial loss caused in part by the states actors illegal actions outside official duties, as alleged in Anderson that acted to Obstruct Justice costing Plaintiff years and monies and the recent SFG Ponzi which froze income to Bernsteins immediate family rendering him and his immediate family penniless. The new financial problems at SFG, caused perhaps intentionally and with malice by Defendant Proskauer and Sjoblom have rendered the ability to mount a Legal Defense nearly impossible, as feeding three children has been nearly impossible, again directly acting to Obstruct Plaintiffs Due Process rights. 6. Combined with the medical maladies Plaintiff is barely able to render submissions to this Court and whereby such stress severely is impeding and interfering with a healthy recovery. Plaintiff asks the Court to understand these financial and medical conditions, to take note that the medical narcotics and other drugs proscribed affect the ability of Plaintiff to submit documents in a coherent and timely fashion. The Court, fully aware of these situations has completely ignored Plaintiffs pleas for Compassion and Time. If Pro Bono counsel is granted for Plaintiff, as necessary to prepare a proper Lawsuit in light of the complexities and sheer number of crimes alleged and in light of the Courts need to rush the Proceedings while fraught in Conflict, despite the medical dangers to Plaintiff, then Plaintiff requests whatever counsel is appointed be prescreened for Conflict. Any Conflict discovered resolved or negated with Plaintiff, prior to the Courts acceptance of such Counsel.7. Plaintiff requests the attached Brief Reply Rebuttals filed timely with the Court herein marked Confidential and SEALED, remain SEALED until such time that Oversight Authorities and Law Enforcement sought can determine if this Court can continue in Violation of JC, ACC and Law in a Judicial Capacity necessary to UNSEAL them.8. Plaintiff requests that the SEALED Rebuttals NOT be Served on Opposing Counsel acting in Violation of JC, ACC and Law until Oversight Authorities summoned determine if they can continue to act in Conflict. Plaintiff refuses to serve Opposing Conflicted Counsel the sealed Brief Reply Rebuttal attached to this Motion to Compel, requesting the Court not Open or Serve it until such time that Counsel for all Defendants and the Court, can affirm or deny they have no Conflict through Procedural Conflict Checks. Further keeping the Brief Reply Rebuttal SEALED until all Oversight sought for prior and current actions of the Law Firms, Lawyers, Public Officials and Justices in these matters have reached conclusions regarding continued Illegal Conflicted Self-Representation and Violations of Public Offices.9. Plaintiff asks for a minimum of 120 days to formulate complaints to all investigatory agencies, courts and more, notifying them formally of the crimes alleged herein and granting ample time for reply.10. Immediately notify all other Courts and Investigators in the Financial Crimes described herein, which have possible relation to these matters.11. Institute protections for document delivery and verification in light of the Obstruction already with the US Marshal Service in the USDC and in light of Andersons complaint illustrating a need to protect the documents from insiders who may be operating to alter and change Court pleadings and other Court documentation.12. Force the Injunctions requested in the Amended Complaint. 13. Institute new injunctions freezing all financial transactions and distributions of funds in relation to the ongoing legal proceedings involving Madoff, Stanford, Dreier, Enron Broadband and SGI, informing those courts of the relations to this Lawsuit exposed herein. That those legal actions may be a result of the stolen Intellectual Properties from Plaintiff and may be further attempts by the all too clever criminal legal Defendants (those Defendants schooled in Law) to again misuse law to hide and redistribute stolen funds. Making the funds vanish in Ponzi and other magic schemes where Billions of Dollars go missing with recoveries paid back to so-called victims achieved through further Frauds on those Courts which already appear fraught with receivers in Conflict, some in Conflict with these matters and more. Also strange is how many connector dots between these events exists and how Defendants appear to be attempting to vanish with stolen goods before this Lawsuit explodes on them as Due Process is restored.14. New Financial Schemes with Preliminary Linkage to Defendantsa. SATYAMb. FISERVc. Albert Hu - Aseqneua Beta Fund and Fireside LS Fund[122]d. The 1031 Tax Group LLC - Edward H. Okune. SFG / Stanford - Greenberg Traurig and members of the State of Florida investigated for collusion and regulatory failures in the establishment of SFG banking businesses.Exhibit 1  List of COI Filings with USCA & USDCUSDC Filings1. March 05, 2008  USDC Letter http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080305%20Final%20Plaintiff%20Oposition%20to%20AG%20Cuomo%20letter%20email%20copy.pdf 2. March 05, 2008  USDC Letter http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080305%20Final%20Plaintiff%20Opposition%20to%20Proskauer%20letter%20as%20counsel.pdf3. March 10, 2008 USDC Order http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/Scheindlin%20Order%2003%2007%202008%20(2).pdf 4. March 13, 2008 USDC Letter http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/Scheindlin%20Order%2003%2007%202008%20(2).pdf 5. March 14, 2008 Plaintiff Letter to NYAG Letter http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080314%20FINAL%20Letter%20to%20NY%20AG%20to%20reistigate%20investigation%20on%20new%20evidence.pdf 6. March 21, 2008 USDC Order http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080321%20Order%20Scheindlin.pdf 7. March 28, 2008 Defendant Foley Counsel Letter http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080328%20Notice%20of%20Appearance%20Friedman%20for%20Foley.pdf 8. Plaintiff Letter to USDC regarding Greenberg Traurig Conflicts http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080401%20Motion%20in%20Opposition%20to%20Motion%20to%20Dismiss%20for%20Florida%20Bar%20et%20al%20filed%20Greenberg%20Traurig.pdf 9. April 09, 2008 Motion in Opposition http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080407%20FILED%20FINAL%20Motion%20in%20Opposition%20to%20Florida%20Bar.pdf 10. April 15, 2008 Plaintiff Letter to USDC re Virginia Bar and Virginia AG http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080415%20FINAL%20SENT%20TO%20COURT%20and%20Letter%20to%20Virginia%20Bar%20Counsel%20Attorney%20General%20Hall%20re%20phone%20conv.doc 11. June 04, 2008 Plaintiff Motion http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080603%20FINAL%20MOTION%20FOR%20EXTENSION%20OF%20TIME%20DUE%20TO%20EXTRANEOUS%20CIRCUMSTANCE.pdf12. July 18, 2008 Plaintiff Letter Regarding Quasi Plaintiff Lamont http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080718%20FINAL%20SIGNED%20Opposition%20to%20Proskauer%20latter%20dated%20July%2017%202008.pdfUSCA Filings13. January 09, 2009 Plaintiff Motion to USCA http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090129%20Final%20Extension%20of%20Time%202%20SIGNED%20low.pdf 14. February 13, 2009 Plaintiff Letter http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090213%20FINAL%20SIGNED%20LETTER%20OBAMA%20TO%20ENJOIN%20US%20ATTORNEY%20FINGERED%20ORIGINAL%20MAIL%20l.pdf15. March 02, 2009 Motion Re Emergency Investigation of Proskauer Re Madoff, etc http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090302%20FINAL%20Emergency%20Motion%20Re%20Proskauer%20Stanford%20Madoff%20Dreier%20Scandals4017.pdfAttorney for Plaintiff Bernstein Eliot Ivan Bernstein, Pro Se2753 NW 34th St.Boca Raton, FL 33434Tel.: (561) 245-8588By: _________________________ Eliot Ivan BernsteinUNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUITCERTIFICATE OF SERVICEDocket No. 08-4873-cvBernsteinV.Appellate Division First DepartmentDisciplinary CommitteeAFFIDAVIT OF SERVICEI, Eliot Ivan Bernstein hereby certify under the penalty of perjury that on the 9th day of September 2009 served by United States Mail, Facsimile, Email or hand delivery the EMERGENCY Motion to compelHALT PROCEEDING PENDING CONFLICT RESOLUTION AND OVERSIGHT. REMOVE THE APPEARANCE OF IMPROPRIETY IN THIS COURT THROUGH CESSATION OF VIOLATIONS OF JUDICIAL CANNONS, ATTORNEY CONDUCT CODES, PUBLIC OFFICE RULES AND REGULATIONS AND LAW.RESTORE ORDER TO THIS COURT!on this Court, requesting this Court serve all named Plaintiffs, Defendants and other necessary parties via the United States Marshal Service or other method this Court deems acceptable, or otherwise so reply to as the correct parties for these cases with all applicable addressing information. The Amended Complaint list of Defendants necessary to service is as follows:STATE OF NEW YORK, THE OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION OF THE UNIFIED COURT SYSTEM, PROSKAUER ROSE LLP, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, STEVEN C. KRANE in his official and individual Capacities for the New York State Bar Association and the Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, and, his professional and individual capacities as a Proskauer partner, KENNETH RUBENSTEIN, in his professional and individual capacities, ESTATE OF STEPHEN KAYE, in his professional and individual capacities, ALAN S. JAFFE, in his professional and individual capacities, ROBERT J. KAFIN, in his professional and individual capacities, CHRISTOPHER C. WHEELER, in his professional and individual capacities, MATTHEW M. TRIGGS in his official and individual capacity for The Florida Bar and his professional and individual capacities as a partner of Proskauer, ALBERT T. GORTZ, in his professional and individual capacities, CHRISTOPHER PRUZASKI, in his professional and individual capacities, MARA LERNER ROBBINS, in her professional and individual capacities, DONALD ROCKY THOMPSON, in his professional and individual capacities, GAYLE COLEMAN, in her professional and individual capacities, DAVID GEORGE, in his professional and individual capacities, GEORGE A. PINCUS, in his professional and individual capacities, GREGG REED, in his professional and individual capacities, LEON GOLD, in his professional and individual capacities, MARCY HAHN-SAPERSTEIN, in her professional and individual capacities, KEVIN J. HEALY, in his professional and individual capacities, STUART KAPP, in his professional and individual capacities, RONALD F. STORETTE, in his professional and individual capacities, CHRIS WOLF, in his professional and individual capacities, JILL ZAMMAS, in her professional and individual capacities, JON A. BAUMGARTEN, in his professional and individual capacities, SCOTT P. COOPER, in his professional and individual capacities, BRENDAN J. OROURKE, in his professional and individual capacities, LAWRENCE I. WEINSTEIN, in his professional and individual capacities, WILLIAM M. HART, in his professional and individual capacities, DARYN A. GROSSMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, JOSEPH A. CAPRARO JR., in his professional and individual capacities, JAMES H. SHALEK, in his professional and individual capacities, GREGORY MASHBERG, in his professional and individual capacities, JOANNA SMITH, in her professional and individual capacities, MELTZER LIPPE GOLDSTEIN WOLF & SCHLISSEL, P.C. and its predecessors and successors, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, LEWIS S. MELTZER, in his professional and individual capacities, RAYMOND A. JOAO, in his professional and individual capacities, FRANK MARTINEZ, in his professional and individual capacities, FOLEY & LARDNER LLP, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, MICHAEL C. GREBE, in his professional and individual capacities, WILLIAM J. DICK, in his professional and individual capacities, TODD C. NORBITZ, in his professional and individual capacities, ANNE SEKEL, in his professional and individual capacities, RALF BOER, in his professional and individual capacities, BARRY GROSSMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, JIM CLARK, in his professional and individual capacities, DOUGLAS A. BOEHM, in his professional and individual capacities, STEVEN C. BECKER, in his professional and individual capacities, BRIAN G. UTLEY, MICHAEL REALE, RAYMOND HERSCH, WILLIAM KASSER, ROSS MILLER, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, STATE OF FLORIDA, OFFICE OF THE STATE COURTS ADMINISTRATOR, FLORIDA, HON. JORGE LABARGA in his official and individual capacities, THE FLORIDA BAR, JOHN ANTHONY BOGGS in his official and individual capacities, KELLY OVERSTREET JOHNSON in her official and individual capacities, LORRAINE CHRISTINE HOFFMAN in her official and individual capacities, ERIC TURNER in his official and individual capacities, KENNETH MARVIN in his official and individual capacities, JOY A. BARTMON in her official and individual capacities, JERALD BEER in his official and individual capacities, BROAD & CASSEL, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, JAMES J. WHEELER, in his professional and individual capacities, FLORIDA SUPREME COURT, HON. CHARLES T. WELLS, in his official and individual capacities, HON. HARRY LEE ANSTEAD, in his official and individual capacities HON. R. FRED LEWIS, in his official and individual capacities, HON. PEGGY A. QUINCE, in his official and individual capacities, HON. KENNETH B. BELL, in his official and individual capacities, THOMAS HALL, in his official and individual capacities, DEBORAH YARBOROUGH in her official and individual capacities, DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL REGULATION  FLORIDA, CITY OF BOCA RATON, FLA., ROBERT FLECHAUS in his official and individual capacities, ANDREW SCOTT in his official and individual capacities, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORKAPPELLATE DIVISION FIRST DEPARTMENT DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE, THOMAS J. CAHILL in his official and individual capacities, PAUL CURRAN in his official and individual capacities, MARTIN R. GOLD in his official and individual capacities, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION FIRST DEPARTMENT, CATHERINE OHAGEN WOLFE in her official and individual capacities, HON. ANGELA M. MAZZARELLI in her official and individual capacities, HON. RICHARD T. ANDRIAS in his official and individual capacities, HON. DAVID B. SAXE in his official and individual capacities, HON. DAVID FRIEDMAN in his official and individual capacities, HON. LUIZ A. GONZALES in his official and individual capacities, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND JUDICIAL DEPARTMENT, SUPREME COURT OF NEW YORK APPELLATE DIVISION SECOND DEPARTMENT DEPARTMENTAL DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE, LAWRENCE DIGIOVANNA in his official and individual capacities, DIANA MAXFIELD KEARSE in her official and individual capacities, JAMES E. PELTZER in his official and individual capacities, HON. A. GAIL PRUDENTI in her official and individual capacities, HON. JUDITH S. KAYE in her official and individual capacities, STATE OF NEW YORK COMMISSION OF INVESTIGATION, ANTHONY CARTUSCIELLO in his official and individual capacities, LAWYERS FUND FOR CLIENT PROTECTION OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, ELIOT SPITZER in his official and individual capacities, as both former Attorney General for the State of New York, and, as former Governor of the State of New York, COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, VIRGINIA STATE BAR, ANDREW H. GOODMAN in his official and individual capacities, NOEL SENGEL in her official and individual capacities, MARY W. MARTELINO in her official and individual capacities, LIZBETH L. MILLER, in her official and individual capacities, MPEGLA, LLC, LAWRENCE HORN, in his professional and individual capacities, REAL 3D, INC. and successor companies, GERALD STANLEY, in his professional and individual capacities, DAVID BOLTON, in his professional and individual capacities, TIM CONNOLLY, in his professional and individual capacities, ROSALIE BIBONA, in her professional and individual capacities, RYJO, INC., RYAN HUISMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, INTEL CORP., LARRY PALLEY, in his professional and individual capacities, SILICON GRAPHICS, INC., LOCKHEED MARTIN, BLAKELY SOKOLOFF TAYLOR & ZAFMAN, LLP, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, NORMAN ZAFMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, THOMAS COESTER, in his professional and individual capacities, FARZAD AHMINI, in his professional and individual capacities, GEORGE HOOVER, in his professional and individual capacities, WILDMAN, HARROLD, ALLEN & DIXON LLP, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, MARTYN W. MOLYNEAUX, in his professional and individual capacities, MICHAEL DOCKTERMAN, in his professional and individual capacities, HARRISON GOODARD FOOTE, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, EUROPEAN PATENT OFFICE, ALAIN POMPIDOU in his official and individual capacities, WIM VAN DER EIJK in his official and individual capacities, LISE DYBDAHL in her official and personal capacities, YAMAKAWA INTERNATIONAL PATENT OFFICE, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, MASAKI YAMAKAWA, in his professional and individual capacities, CROSSBOW VENTURES, INC., ALPINE VENTURE CAPITAL PARTNERS LP, STEPHEN J. WARNER, in his professional and individual capacities, RENE P. EICHENBERGER, in his professional and individual capacities, H. HICKMAN HANK POWELL, in his professional and individual capacities, MAURICE BUCHSBAUM, in his professional and individual capacities, ERIC CHEN, in his professional and individual capacities, AVI HERSH, in his professional and individual capacities, MATTHEW SHAW, in his professional and individual capacities, BRUCE W. SHEWMAKER, in his professional and individual capacities, RAVI M. UGALE, in his professional and individual capacities, DIGITAL INTERACTIVE STREAMS, INC., ROYAL OBRIEN, in his professional and individual capacities, HUIZENGA HOLDINGS INCORPORATED, WAYNE HUIZENGA, in his professional and individual capacities, WAYNE HUIZENGA, JR., in his professional and individual capacities, TIEDEMANN INVESTMENT GROUP, BRUCE T. PROLOW, in his professional and individual capacities, CARL TIEDEMANN, in his professional and individual capacities, ANDREW PHILIP CHESLER, in his professional and individual capacities, CRAIG L. SMITH, in his professional and individual capacities, HOUSTON & SHAHADY, P.A., and any successors, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, BART A. HOUSTON, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, FURR & COHEN, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, BRADLEY S. SCHRAIBERG, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, MOSKOWITZ, MANDELL, SALIM & SIMOWITZ, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, WILLIAM G. SALIM, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, SACHS SAX & KLEIN, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, BEN ZUCKERMAN, ESQ. in his professional and individual capacities, SPENCER M. SAX, in his professional and individual capacities, SCHIFFRIN & BARROWAY LLP, and any successors, and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, RICHARD SCHIFFRIN, in his professional and individual capacities, ANDREW BARROWAY, in his professional and individual capacities, KRISHNA NARINE, in his professional and individual capacities, CHRISTOPHER & WEISBERG, P.A., and, all of its Partners, Associates and Of Counsel, in their professional and individual capacities, ALAN M. WEISBERG, in his professional and individual capacities, ALBERTO GONZALES in his official and individual capacities, JOHNNIE E. FRAZIER in his official and individual capacities, IVIEWIT, INC., a Florida corporation, IVIEWIT, INC., a Delaware corporation, IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Uview.com, Inc.), UVIEW.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation, IVIEWIT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (f.k.a. Iviewit Holdings, Inc.), IVIEWIT HOLDINGS, INC., a Florida corporation, IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Florida corporation, I.C., INC., a Florida corporation, IVIEWIT.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation, IVIEWIT.COM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, IVIEWIT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, IVIEWIT CORPORATION, a Florida corporation, IBM CORPORATION.Eliot Ivan Bernstein,_______________________Pro Se Appellant and Plaintiff2753 N.W. 34th StreetBoca Raton, Florida 33434(561) 245-858844948[1] January 29, 2009 Plaintiffs Motion for Extension of Time to File an Appeal Stay of Appeal / Conflicts / Docketing and Other Errors / and Other Requests http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090129%20Final%20Extension%20of%20Time%202%20SIGNED%20low.pdf [2] February 18, 2009 Order USCA http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090218%20Motion%20other%20than%20ext%20sent%20to%20panel%20to%20hear%20appeal%20ORDER.pdf [3] February 13, 2009 Letter to The Honorable President Barack Hussein Obama II Regarding Fundamental Matters of the Global Economy and Intellectual Property Rights under Article I of the US Constitution involving direct Fraud on the US Patent Office with devastating impacts on future US Intellectual Property development and Fundamental Matters of the Administration of Justice under Law http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090213%20FINAL%20SIGNED%20LETTER%20OBAMA%20TO%20ENJOIN%20US%20ATTORNEY%20FINGERED%20ORIGINAL%20MAIL%20l.pdf [4] August 08, 2008 USDC Dismissal Order http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080808%20Scheindlin%20Dismissal%20of%20Complaint.pdf [5] Perhaps the Court should remand this Lawsuit to the Supreme Court as suggested by Scheindlin, for further review and analysis, as well as, precedent setting federal Intellectual Property claims. [6] See Exhibit A[7] Fraud On The Court By An Officer Of The Court ~ State and FederalWho is an officer of the court? A judge is an officer of the court, as well as are all attorneys. A state judge is a state judicial officer, paid by the State to act impartially and lawfully. A federal judge is a federal judicial officer, paid by the federal government to act impartially and lawfully. State and federal attorneys fall into the same general category and must meet the same requirements. A judge is not the court. People v. Zajic, 88 Ill.App.3d 477, 410 N.E.2d 626 (1980). What is fraud on the court? Whenever any officer of the court commits fraud during a proceeding in the court, he/she is engaged in fraud upon the court. In Bulloch v. United States, 763 F.2d 1115, 1121 (10th Cir. 1985), the court stated Fraud upon the court is fraud which is directed to the judicial machinery itself and is not fraud between the parties or fraudulent documents, false statements or perjury.  It is where the court or a member is corrupted or influenced or influence is attempted or where the judge has not performed his judicial function  thus where the impartial functions of the court have been directly corrupted. Fraud upon the court has been defined by the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals to embrace that species of fraud which does, or attempts to, defile the court itself, or is a fraud perpetrated by officers of the court so that the judicial machinery can not perform in the usual manner its impartial task of adjudging cases that are presented for adjudication. Kenner v. C.I.R., 387 F.3d 689 (1968); 7 Moores Federal Practice, 2d ed., p. 512,  60.23. The 7th Circuit further stated a decision produced by fraud upon the court is not in essence a decision at all, and never becomes final. What effect does an act of fraud upon the court have upon the court proceeding? Fraud upon the court makes void the orders and judgments of that court. [8] April 27, 2009 Scheindlin Decision and Order  Anderson http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090427%2007cv9599%20Decision.pdf [9] October 26, 2007 Christine C. Anderson v. State of New York et al. Original Complaint, pages 24 and 25 refer to Iviewit First Dept Complaints http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/anderson/20071028%20Anderson%20Original%20Filing.pdf [10] April 27, 2009 Christine Anderson v The State of New York et al. Opinion and Order http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090427%2007cv9599%20Decision.pdf [11] June 06, 2009 NY Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing Testimony Christine Anderson and more http://iviewit.tv/20090608nysjudiciaryhearing/index.htm [12] June 08, 2009 Judiciary Hearing Transcript http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090608%20New%20York%20Judiciary%20Committee%20Hearing%20First%20Dept%20Transcript.pdf [13] June 08, 2009 New York Senate Judiciary Committee Outline for Testimony of Plaintiff Bernstein, submitted to the entire Judiciary Committee prior to the Hearings.[14] March 21, 2008 Scheindlin Order http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080321%20Order%20Scheindlin.pdf [15] March 05, 2008 Iviewit Letter to Scheindlin regarding the NY Asst AG Connell Conflicts http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080305%20Final%20Plaintiff%20Oposition%20to%20AG%20Cuomo%20letter%20email%20copy.pdf [16] March 09, 2008 Proskauer to Scheindlin to Stay Service of Amended Complaint, Letter Authored in Conflict of Interest and Violation of Attorney Conduct Codes http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080509%20Proskauer%20to%20Scheindlin%20to%20block%20amended.pdf [17] May 09, 2008 Scheindlin Order Staying Service of Amended Complaint http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080509%20Scheindlin%20Order%20to%20stay%20amended.pdf [18] July 15, 2009 The AmLaw Daily Proskauer Advises Company at Center of Derivatives Probe http://amlawdaily.typepad.com/amlawdaily/2009/07/proskauer-on-derivatives-.html [19] Madoff Bio @ Wikipedia Madoff, who once served as a non-executive chairman of the NASDAQ stock exchange, pled guilty to an 11-count criminal complaint, admitting to defrauding thousands of investors of billions of dollars. Madoff convicted of operating a Ponzi scheme that has been called the largest investor fraud ever committed by a single person. Federal prosecutors estimated client losses, which included fabricated gains, of almost $65 billion. On June 29, 2009, he was sentenced to 150 years in prison, the maximum allowed. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Madoff [20] Stanford Capital Management, Stanford Group Company, Stanford International Bank f.k.a Guardian International Bank, Bank of Antigua, Stanford Coins and Bullion[21] Stanford Capital Management, Stanford Group Company, Stanford International Bank f.k.a Guardian International Bank, Bank of Antigua, Stanford Coins and Bullion[22] Dreier Bio @ Wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Stuart_Dreier [23] May 09, 2008 Amended Complaint http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080509%20FINAL%20AMENDED%20COMPLAINT%20AND%20RICO%20SIGNED%20COPY%20MED.pdf [24] May 18, 2009 Wall Street Journal Madoff Victims Investigated Criminal Probe Expands to High-Profile Investors Who Say They Were Stung http://74.125.47.132/search?q=cache:L7gkiTVrYWgJ:online.wsj.com/article/SB124261271530929129.html+Madoff+Victims+Investigated&cd=1&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=us [25] May 13, 2009 Business Week Stanfords Ex-Lawyer is on the Hot Seat http://www.businessweek.com/investing/wall_street_news_blog/archives/2009/05/stanfords_lawye.html?chan=top+news_top+news+index+-+temp_news+%2B+analysis [26] Stanford Documents SEC http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/stanford/Stanford%20SEC%20Court%20Docs%20Low.pdf [27] Proskauer Rose 2002 Annual Review http://www.proskauer.com/about_the_firm/firm_brochures/content/2003_01_00_i/_res/id=File/2002AnnualReview.pdf [28] July 03, 2009 Thomson Reuters Stanford clients sue insurance broker Willis Group http://www.reuters.com/article/ousiv/idUSTRE5624SE20090703 [29] May 13, 2009 Business Week Stanfords Ex-Lawyer [Defendant Proskauer Partner Sjoblom] is on the Hot Seat http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090513%20Proskauer%20Sjoblom%20Stanford%20re%20lying%20to%20SEC.pdf [30] Stanford Court Documents http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/stanford/Stanford%20SEC%20Court%20Docs%20Low.pdf [31] From 1979 to 1987, Mr. Sjoblom served as Branch Chief and then Special Counsel to the SECs Division of Market Regulation, where he provided interpretive advice to various segments of the securities industry on broker-dealer regulation and transfer agent regulation, back-office issues, trading practices, tender offer practices, market making, and contingency offerings. He also participated in the approval of the new options products in the early 1980s, including stock index options and futures and the foreign currency options. Department of Justice Experience While at the SEC, Mr. Sjoblom also served as Special Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Central District of California, the Western District of New York, and the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. http://www.proskauer.com/lawyers_at_proskauer/atty_data/8070 [32] March 16, 2009 Memphis Daily News Miami Meetings at Center of Stanford Woes http://www.memphisdailynews.com/editorial/Article.aspx?id=41397 [33] February 27, 2009 Houston Chronicle Assets are there, Stanford insisted at pivotal meeting http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/business/stanford/6285534.html [34] March 28, 2009 Houston Chronicle Former lawyer for Stanford [Defendant Proskauer] Sued http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/stanford/20090328%20Proskauer%20Sued%20by%20Stanford%20Holt%20Sjoblom%20yeah.pdf [35] July 09, 2009 Talking Points Memo TPM Media LLC Bernie Madoff: SEC Investigator Fingered Bernie In 04; SEC Chief Lori Richards Resigns http://tpmcafe.talkingpointsmemo.com/talk/blogs/mrs_panstreppon/2009/07/bernie-madoff-sec-investigator.php?ref=reccafe[36] February 18, 2009 Times Online Allen Stanford lost money to Bernard Madoff and lied to cover it up http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/us_and_americas/article5759709.ece [37] February 09, 2009 Law 360 SEC Enforcement Head Resigns amid Madoff Probe. http://www.law360.com/registrations/user_registration?article_id=86638&concurrency_check=false [38] February 23, 2009 Memphis Daily News Stanford Attorney Quits Following CIOs Testimony http://www.memphisdailynews.com/editorial/ArticleEmail.aspx?id=40993&print=1 [39] August 05, 2009 The Deal.com Legal ties that bind http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/dealmakers/legal-ties-that-bind.php [40] Wall Street Journal Law Blog January 2, 2009, Former AUSA Selected as Bankruptcy Trustee in Dreier Case http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2009/01/02/former-ausa-selected-as-bankruptcy-trustee-in-dreier-case[41] Law 360, Friday, May 15, 2009 1031 Victims Sue Citibank, Foley, Others For $140M - Clients of The 1031 Tax Group LLC, a bankrupt exchange fund firm run by convicted Ponzi schemer Edward H. Okun, have launched a proposed class action to recover $140 million from Bank of America NA, Citibank NA, Foley & Lardner LLP and others for allegedly facilitating the scheme. http://www.law360.com/company_articles/1440[42] August 04, 2009 Wall Street Journal Okun Joins Madoff in Century Club[43] February 02, 2009 Plaintiff Motion to USCA http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090302%20FINAL%20Emergency%20Motion%20Re%20Proskauer%20Stanford%20Madoff%20Dreier%20Scandals4017.pdf [44] February 19, 2009 Cond Nast Portfolio.com Stanford Round-Up, Drug Edition http://www.portfolio.com/views/blogs/market-movers/2009/02/19/stanford-round-up-drug-edition [45] February 22, 2009 Guardian News and Media Limited The Stanford Affair FBI Investigates possible links with Mexico Drug Gang http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/feb/22/allen-stanford-drugs-trade-mexico [46] February 18, 2009 Times Online Allen Stanford lost money to Bernard Madoff and lied to cover it up http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/us_and_americas/article5759709.ece [47] February 09, 2009 Law 360 SEC Enforcement Head Resigns amid Madoff Probe. http://www.law360.com/registrations/user_registration?article_id=86638&concurrency_check=false [48] February 23, 2009 Memphis Daily News Stanford Attorney Quits Following CIOs Testimony http://www.memphisdailynews.com/editorial/ArticleEmail.aspx?id=40993&print=1 [49] April 10, 2009 Iviewit Proof of Claim in Silicon Graphic Bankruptcy Case 09-11700 thru 09-11704 http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090410%20Proof%20Of%20Claim%20SGI%20BK%20Filing.pdf [50] April 27, 1999 Letter Richard Rosman, Esq. Regarding Proskauer Opinion Letter to Hassan Miah http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/1999%2004%2027%20Rosman%20to%20Wheeler%20Hassan%20Rubenstein%20Opinion.pdf [51] March 25, 2009 SEC Complaint - Regarding Intel Corporation and Possible Trillion DollarFraud on Intel Shareholders and Others http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20090325%20FINAL%20Intel%20SEC%20Complaint%20SIGNED2073.pdf[52] Real 3D Documents http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Real%203D%20Opinion%20and%20Licensing%20Info.pdf [53] Wikipedia Real 3D reference http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real3D [54] Wikipedia ATI Reference @ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ATI_Technologies[55] December 01, 2006 ZDnet News Justice Dept. Subpoenas AMD, Nvidia @ http://news.zdnet.com/2100-9584_22-150460.html[56] Iviewit Non Disclosure and Other Agreements @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Patents/Confidentialities/confidentialities%20total.pdf[57] July 22, 2009 Proskauer Client Letter Regarding Marketing the Iviewit Technologies to Proskauer clients http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Armstrong%20Wheeler%20Client%20letter%20with%20highlights.pdf [58] September 20, 2000 Iviewit Letter to Arthur Andersen http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2000%2009%2020%20Hersh%20to%20Arthur%20Andersen%20Erika%20Lewin%20miffed%20letter.pdf andhttp://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2000%2010%2009%20ARTHUR%20ANDERSEN%20LETTER%20REGARDING%20PROOF%20OF%20HOLDINGS%20OWNING%20TECH.pdf andOctober 09, 2000 Letter Arthur Andersen to Iviewit http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2000%2011%2027%20ARTHUR%20ANDERSEN%20FILES%20TERMINATION%20LETTER.pdf andArthur Andersen / Iviewit correspondences http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/ARTHUR%20ANDERSEN%20FILES.pdf [59] September 20, 2000 Iviewit Letter to Arthur Andersen http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2000%2009%2020%20Hersh%20to%20Arthur%20Andersen%20Erika%20Lewin%20miffed%20letter.pdf [60] March 13, 2003 Forbes, Feds Say Enrons Braveheart Was Fiction http://www.forbes.com/2003/03/13/cx_da_0313topnews.html andhttp://www.coolware.com/EnronBroadband.htm [61] March 09, 2001 InternetNews.com Blockbuster Kills Video-On-Demand Deal with Enron http://www.internetnews.com/infra/article.php/709941 [62] August 08, 2009 Houston Chronicle Another Enron barge trial set for February http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/stanford/20090808%20Another%20Enron%20Set%20Of%20Trials%20Houston%20Chron.pdf[63]January 2001 Wachovia Private Placement Memorandum http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Wachovia%20Private%20Placement%20Memorandum%20-%20with%20bookmarks%20in%20col.pdf [64] Wikipedia Reference Arthur Andersen http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_Andersen [65] http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/INVESTIGATIONS%20MASTER.htm [66] Scheindlin, in her flawed Dismissal Order, states that after review of Plaintiffs claim of a RICO Conspiracy extending to the highest levels of Government, involving Murder (according to Scheindlin), Attempted Murder, Patent Theft, Fraud on the USPTO, Fraud on Foreign Nations and more versus the defendants frivolous claims of harassment by Plaintiff, that she is unsure whose account is true. From her Dismissal Order Scheindlin claims, While I cannot determine which of these descriptions is more accurate and this statement while Scheindlin exposes substantive issues and substantive conflict relative to Plaintiffs claims against Defendants making the Dismissal Order again in err and reversible by this Court. The defense of Defendants that they are being harassed makes no sense, as why would Plaintiff want to harass Law Firms composed of thousands of Attorneys, three State Supreme Courts, five State Supreme Court Attorney Disciplinary agencies, the NYAG, Justices from State Supreme Courts, etc? Why have these all too powerful legal Defendants not filed a complaint against little ole Inventor Plaintiff or even a Counter Complaint regarding harassment, as if in fear the LAWYERS and JUSTICES would have to defend their frivolous defenses in the courts when they know the baseless defenses are nothing more than Fraud on the Court. Lawyers, Law Firms, State Supreme Courts, State Disciplinary Agencies, State Bars and Judges, all are afraid of a courtroom, afraid of one Pro Se litigant. Yes it is true, as court is the exact place they do not want Plaintiff with Discovery that destroy them and therefore they have used all sorts of Fraud on the Courts, such as Conflicts and Violations of ACC, JC, PORR and Law for almost a decade to prevent Plaintiff from Due Process in a court of law. Defendants know discovery in these matters would lead to their demise and lengthy prison sentences and are willing to risk everything to stave off prosecution. [67] February 14, 2005 US Patent Office Suspension Notice 1 @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2005%2002%2014%2009%20630%20939%20US%20Patent%20-%202nd%20six%20month%20extension.pdf July 20, 2005 US Patent Office Suspension Notice 2 @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2005%2007%2020%20-%2009%20587730%20USPTO%20Suspension%20Second%20Six%20Months.pdf March 04, 2004 Letter to the Commissioner of Patents Regarding CHANGE OF INVENTOR REQUEST  INTENT TO DECEIVE AND COMMIT FRAUD UPON THE UNITED STATES PATENT & TRADEMARK OFFICE (USPTO) CLAIMEDhttp://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/EXHIBITS/09%20522%20721%20Change%20of%20Inventorship%20Form%20ALL%20PATENTS%20CROSSBOW%20S.pdf US DOJ Office of Professional Responsibility July 2007 Confirmation Letter @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2007%2007%2016%20US%20Dept%20of%20Justice%20OPR%20Begins%20Review%20of%20Iviewit%20Matters.pdf Investigations Masters Document @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/INVESTIGATIONS%20MASTER.htm April 5, 2007 European Professionals Institute Letter referencing Investigation of Defendant Intellectual Property Attorneys @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2007%2004%2005%20EPI%20letter%20response%20insane.pdf [68] March 09, 2009 Plaintiffs First Dept DDC Complaints Proskauer and Foley ~ See pages 24-27 @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080305%20Final%20Plaintiff%20Opposition%20to%20Proskauer%20letter%20as%20counsel.pdf [69] January 09, 2009 First Dept DDC Dismissal @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/2009%2001%2012%20First%20Department%20Letter%20Response%20to%20Attorney%20Complaints.pdf [70] Iviewit Holdings, Inc. (1)  DL, Iviewit Holdings, Inc.  DL (2), Iviewit Holdings, Inc.  FL (3), Iviewit Technologies, Inc.  DL, Uview.com, Inc.  DL, Iviewit.com, Inc.  FL, Iviewit.com, Inc.  DL, I.C., Inc.  FL, Iviewit.com LLC  DL, Iviewit LLC  DL, Iviewit Corporation  FL, Iviewit, Inc.  FL, Iviewit, Inc.  DL, Iviewit Corporation[71] October 05, 2004 Second Dept DDC Dismissal of Complaints transferred for Investigation by First Dept Court Order WITHOUT Investigation, Kearse later found in Conflict with Defendant Krane by her own admission of such http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2010%2005%20Supreme%20Court%20NY%20Second%20Dept%20Kearse%20Krane%20Re.pdf andOctober 27, 2004 Iviewit Letter to Second Dept DDC Chief Counsel Kearse regarding her Conflict of Interest with Defendant Krane http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/20041026%20Kearse%20Krane%20Letter%20NY%20SUPREME%20COURT%20SECOND%20DEP.pdf and January 12, 2005 Iviewit Formal Complaint Against Kearse and Others for Conflict, Kearse refused to docket and procedurally dispose of the Complaints http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2005%2001%2010%20DiGiovanna%20Krane%20NY%20SUPREME%20COURT%20SECOND%20DEPT%20CERT.pdf [72] April 22, 2002 Newsday Ground Control[73] US Patent Application 09-522,721 http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/PATENT%20APP%20DATED%20in%201900%20and%202020.pdf [74] January 2004 Virginia Business Online @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/VAAG%20HIRES%20FOLEY%20LARDNER.pdf [75] February 29, 2008 Monica Connell Letter to Scheindlin copying Foley and Proskauer as Counsel for Foley and Proskauer. Pages 20-21 @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080305%20Final%20Plaintiff%20Oposition%20to%20AG%20Cuomo%20letter%20email%20copy.pdf [76] March 09, 2009 Plaintiffs First Dept DDC Complaints Proskauer and Foley ~ See pages 24-27 @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080305%20Final%20Plaintiff%20Opposition%20to%20Proskauer%20letter%20as%20counsel.pdf [77] January 09, 2009 First Dept DDC Dismissal @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/2009%2001%2012%20First%20Department%20Letter%20Response%20to%20Attorney%20Complaints.pdf [78] Greenberg Traurig Work Product Iviewit http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2002%2009%2020%20Greenberg%20Truarig%20Proposal%20Patents.pdf [79] January 16, 2009 The New York Times 92 Ponzi Case Missed Signals About Madoff http://www.nytimes.com/2009/01/17/business/17ponzi.html [80] January 19, 2009 The Business Insider, Inc, Avellino, Bienes And Madoffs Nephew? http://www.businessinsider.com/2009/1/avellino-bienes-and-madoffs-nephew [81] November 23, 1993 SEC News http://www.sec.gov/news/digest/1993/dig112393.pdf [82] July 05, 2009 Eye on Miami R. Allen Stanford and Miami-based Greenberg Traurig: Why is it always Greenberg Traurig? http://eyeonmiami.blogspot.com/2009/07/r-allen-stanford-and-miami-based.html[83] May 17, 2006 Bloomberg Stanford Financials `Family Tie Fails to Impress University http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000103&sid=a.0EEBl4oTSA&refer=us [84] June 09, 2004 Iviewit Complaint to Paul J. Curran, Esq., and NYS Attorney General Eliot Spitzer Against Defendant Thomas Cahill: http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/200%2006%2009%20Spitzer%20Curran%20Cahill%20Rubenstein%20Krane.pdf [85] March 14, 2008 Iviewit Letter to NYAG Connell to Open Prior Public Officer Integrity Complaints for Investigation based on Information Learned in Anderson: http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080314%20FINAL%20Letter%20to%20NY%20AG%20to%20reistigate%20investigation%20on%20new%20evidence.pdf [86] February 27, 2009 NYAG Public Integrity Unit Complaint Intake Letter http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090217%20NYAG%20Integrity%20Confirmation%20of%20First%20Dept%20Complaints.pdf [87] New York State Public Officers Law.  17. 2 (b) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (a) of this subdivision, the employee shall be entitled to be represented by the attorney general, provided, however, that the employee shall be entitled to representation by private counsel of his choice in any civil judicial proceeding whenever the attorney general determines based upon his investigation and review of the facts and circumstances of the case that representation by the attorney general would be inappropriate, or whenever a court of competent jurisdiction, upon appropriate motion or by a special proceeding, determines that a conflict of interest exists and that the employee is entitled to be represented by private counsel of his choice. http://www.ogs.state.ny.us/supportservices/defibrillators/PublicOfficersLawSect17.pdf [88] June 13, 2009 Letter to NYAG Chief of Staff Steven Cohen Regarding Conflict of Interest http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090613%20FINAL%20NYAG%20Steven%20Cohen%20Letter%20signed%20low.pdf [89] Checklist For Financial & Other Conflict http://www.uscourts.gov/guide/vol2/checklist.pdf[90] Plaintiffs US Court of Appeals Second Circuit Conflict of Interest Disclosure Form http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090720%20Conflict%20of%20Interest%20Disclosure%20Form%20US%20Circuit%20Court.doc[91] Yale Law School Website http://www.law.yale.edu/faculty/RWinter.htm [92] Federal Laws cited as example yet similar State Laws may apply to the crimes alleged herein such as, New York State Law ARTICLE 195 OFFICIAL MISCONDUCT AND OBSTRUCTION OF PUBLIC SERVANTS GENERALLY and ARTICLE 215 OTHER OFFENSES RELATING TO JUDICIAL AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS. Certain State Obstructions did however Obstruct information regarding Federal, State and International Crimes from exposure to Federal Authorities and continue to Obstruct through failure to report the crimes and misconduct by those who have Legal Binding Obligations to report.[93] Addressing the gap left by section 1503s limitation to legal proceedings, section 1505 targets corrupt efforts to obstruct, impede, or influence the due and proper administration of the law under which any pending proceeding is being had before any department or agency of the United StatesRead more: http://law.jrank.org/pages/1620/Obstruction-Justice-Obstruction-agency-proceedings-congressional-inquiries.html#ixzz0OU16xKMy[94] Obstruction of Justice is a broad concept that extends to any effort to prevent the execution of lawful process or the administration of justice in either a criminal or civil matter. Obstructive conduct may include the destruction of evidence, the intimidation of potential witnesses or retaliation against actual witnesses, the preparation of false testimony or other evidence, or the interference with jurors or other court personnel. The purpose of criminal obstruction statuteswhich every jurisdiction has, in one form or anotheris thus to help protect the integrity of legal proceedings and, at the same time, protect those individuals who participate in such proceedings. Indeed, one of the earliest congressional enactments was a 1790 criminal statute that, among other things, established a number of obstruction offenses. http://law.jrank.org/pages/1623/Obstruction-Justice.html Read more: http://law.jrank.org/pages/1623/Obstruction-Justice.html#ixzz0OTODANVT[95] February 19, 2008 Plaintiff Letter to USDC re Stolen Complaints from US Marshal Office http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080219%20USDCSDNY%20Letter%20re%20missing%20service%20papers.pdf [96] February 19, 2008 Letter to USDC Regarding Missing US Marshal Papers http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080219%20USDCSDNY%20Letter%20re%20missing%20service%20papers.pdf [97] August 14, 2009 Objection of the Debtors to Claim of Eliot I. Bernstein Chapter 11 Case No. 09-11701 (MG) United States Bankruptcy Court Southern District of New York http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/SGI%20Bankruptcy/20090814%20SGI%20BK%20Objection%20of%20the%20Debtors%20to%20Claim%20of%20Eliot%20Bernstein.pdf [98] Note that all of the various Frauds on the Courts created rulings, orders and pleadings, which transferred through the US Mail, facsimile, telephonically and through the Internet, constituting further crimes such as Federal Mail and Wire Fraud.[99] New York Rules cited as example of the Attorney Conduct Code, yet similar laws from Florida, Virginia and others may apply to the crimes alleged herein. All Conduct Codes would need to be cited from 1999 or prior, as several of the Defendants have high-ranking Public Office positions in agencies responsible for modifying the Attorney Conduct Codes. [100] March 28, 2008 Scheindlin Order http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080328%20Scheindlin%20Order%20re%20Foley%20counsel.pdf andMay 02, 2008 Foley Counsel Kent Anker Letter to the USDC http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080502%20Foley%20Anker%20Appearance%20and%20letter%20re%20conflicts.pdf [101] March 05, 2008 Plaintiff Motion to USDC Plaintiffs Opposition to Proskauer Roses March 04, 2008 Letter to this Court. http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080305%20Final%20Plaintiff%20Opposition%20to%20Proskauer%20letter%20as%20counsel.pdf andMay 05, 2008 USDC Docket Entry 61 NOTICE OF APPEARANCE by Joanna Frances Smith on behalf of Steven C. Krane (in his individual capacity), Kenneth Rubenstein, Proskauer Rose LLP (pl) (Entered: 05/13/2008)[102] May 21, 2004 Iviewit Letter to Proskauer Partner Rubenstein re Demand for Information http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2005%2021%20Officer%20and%20Director%20Questions%20-%20RUBENSTEIN%20low.pdf andMay 05, 2004 Iviewit Letter to Proskauer re Demand for Information http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2005%2013%20Officer%20and%20Director%20Questions%20-%20WHEELER%20FINAL.pdf[103] March 22, 2004 Iviewit Rebuttal to William Dick Virginia Bar Complaint Response http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2003%2012%20William%20Dick%20Virginia%20Bar%20Complaint%20Response%20BOOKM.pdf [104] July 27, 2009 Expose Corrupt Courts Roy I. Reardon, Corrupt Chairman of Corrupt Manhattan Ethics Committee / Feds Summon Court Corruption Members to Washington, D.C. http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2009/07/roy-i-reardon-corrupt-chairman-of.html[105] February 09, 2009 New York State Office of Attorney General Public Integrity Complaint RE: I. Roy L. Reardon letter dated January 27, 2009 II. Alan W. Friedberg letter dated January 12, 2009 III. ComplaintsA. New Complaints 1. Roy L. Reardon, Esq.  Waiting Docket # 2. Alan W. Friedberg, Esq.  Waiting Docket #B. 2008 Complaints Matters of Attorney Complaints Docket #2008-0756, appears to attempt to merge multiple complaints into one, waiting formal individual docket #s from NYAG. 3. Proskauer Rose, LLP  First Dep. Failed to formally docket 4. Foley & Lardner - First Dep. Failed to formally docket 5. Gregg M. Mashberg, Esq. - First Dep. Failed to formally docket 6. Joanna F. Smith, Esq. - First Dep. Failed to formally docket 7. Todd C. Norbitz, Esq. - First Dep. Failed to formally docket 8. Anne B. Sekel, Esq. - First Dep. Failed to formally docketC. Old Complaints (Transferred by Unpublished Orders M3198 - Steven C. Krane / M2820 Kenneth Rubenstein and M3212 Raymond A. Joao on Unanimous Consent of First Dept Justices for Conflict of Interest and the Appearance of Impropriety to Second Department. Second Department failed to conduct formal investigations ordered by First Dept.) 9. Thomas Cahill Special Inquiry No. 2004.1122 (former 1st Dept Chief Counsel)  Ongoing investigation by Martin Gold. 10. Steven C. Krane docket #2004.1883 (1st Dept Officer, former NYSBA President & Proskauer partner) 11. Kenneth Rubenstein docket #2003.0531 (Proskauer partner) 12. Raymond A. Joao docket #2003-0352 13. Proskauer Rose, LLP - First Dep. Failed to formally docket 14. Meltzer Lippe Goldstein & Schlissel - First Dep. Failed to formally dockethttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090209%20NYAG%20PUBLIC%20INTEGRITY%20COMPLAINT%20SIGNED.pdf [106] March 09, 2009 Plaintiffs First Dept DDC Complaints Proskauer and Foley ~ See pages 24-27 @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080305%20Final%20Plaintiff%20Opposition%20to%20Proskauer%20letter%20as%20counsel.pdf[107] June 10, 2004 Iviewit Cahill Complaint sent to Eliot Spitzer http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/200%2006%2009%20Spitzer%20Curran%20Cahill%20Rubenstein%20Krane.pdf [108] November 07, 2008 Letter from Lamont to First Dept Regarding Cahill Complaint http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20081107%20First%20Department%20Disciplinary%20Letter%20Lamont%20to%20Reardon%20Part%202%20.pdf [109] June 18, 2009 Eliot Bernstein Letter to Andrew Cuomo Chief of Staff Steven Cohen http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090618%20FINAL%20NYAG%20Steven%20Cohen%20Letter%20Re%20Lamont%20Signed.pdf [110] May 20, 2004 Iviewit Complaint Against Steven C. Krane of Proskauer at the First Dept DDC http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2005%2019%20KRANE%20COMPLAINT%20AND%20STRIKE%20KRANE%20RESPONSE%20RUBENSTE.pdf and May 21, 2004 Krane Response to First Dept DDC Complaint against him http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2005%2021%20krane%20response%20to%20complaint.pdf and May 26, 2004 Iviewit Response to Krane Response http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2005%2026%20-%20Response%20to%20Krane%20letter%205%2021%2004.pdf andJune 29, 2004 Iviewit Letter to Paul Curran regarding Moving the Cahill Complaint due to Conflicts of Krane http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2006%2017%20Cahill%20Motion%20to%20move%20complaints%20krane%20rubenstein.pdf andJuly 08, 2004 Motion Filed At First Dept by Iviewit regarding Conflicts of Krane, Proskauer, Rubenstein, Joao, Meltzer and Cahill http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2007%2008%20RUBENSTEIN%20KRANE%20JOAO%20MOTION%20FINAL%20BOOKMARKED.pdf andAugust 11, 2004 First Dept Orders for Investigation and Transfer of Complaints against Krane, Rubenstein, Joao, Meltzer and Proskauer http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2008%2011%20new%20york%20first%20department%20orders%20investigation%20Krane%20Rubenstein%20Joao.pdf [111] July 02, 2003 Iviewit Rebuttal to Rubenstein Response to First Dept DDC Complaint, authored by Krane acting in Conflict and Violation of ACC, PORR and Law http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2003%2007%2002%20Iviewit%20Rebuttal%20to%20Rubenstein%20Response%20Final%20ALL%20.pdf [112] Plaintiffs former Intellectual Property Attorneys wrote Intellectual Property Applications for Plaintiffs Technologies into unknown others names as Inventors that now act to prevent the US Patent Office from disclosing the Owner, Assignees and Inventors of those Applications to Plaintiff due to privacy issues. The mystery of who these inventors are is now subject to Congressional Intervention at the request of Harry I. Moatz and subject of Investigation by the USPTO and USPTO OED. The following link to a Letter Dated February 01, 2007 to the Honorable Senator Dianne Feinstein provides further information @ http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2007%2002%2001%20FINAL%20Senate%20Bill%20Signed.pdf [113] May 26, 2003 Iviewit Rebuttal to Raymond Joao Disciplinary Complaint Response at the First Dept DDC http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2003%2005%2026%20Iviewit%20Rebuttal%20to%20Joao%20Response%20BOOKMARKED.pdf [114] April 30, 2003 Iviewit Rebuttal to Christopher Wheeler Florida Bar Complaint Response, Wheelers Response tendered in Conflict and Violation of Florida Bar PORR http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2003%2004%2030%20Bernstein%20response%20Florida%20Bar%20Wheeler%20BOOKMARKED%201.pdf [115] July 22, 2004 Iviewit Florida Bar Complaint against Proskauer Partner Triggs [116] November 07, 2008 Lamont Letter to Reardon @ First Department http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20081107%20First%20Department%20Disciplinary%20Letter%20Lamont%20to%20Reardon%20Part%202%20.pdfandhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20081118%20Lamont%20Telephone%20Conversation%20Reardon.txt andhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090114%20Motion%20to%20First%20Department%20Court_Cahill%20and%20Friedberg_Executed.pdf andhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090127%20First%20Department%20Letter%20Reardon%20Dismissing%20Complaint%20against%20Cahill%20and%20Friedberg.pdf Document Appears not to be on Official Office Letterheadandhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090128%20Lamont%20Letter%20to%20Senator%20John%20Sampson.pdf andhttp://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090202%20Lamont%20Letter%20to%20Jonathan%20Lippman.pdf [117] Defendant Michael Grebe, formerly of Defendant Foley and now President of the Right Wing Bradley Foundation, was Chief Counsel to the RNC and the largest contributor and backer to the George W. Bush ILLEGAL, DISPUTED and FAILED (lowest approval rating of any US President ever on leaving office) Presidency. Both institutional legacies, the Presidency and the RNC ended in tragedy with Bush Administration Officials and Lawyers facing certain eventual War Crime trials and as for the RNC, well who wants to be associated with the Grand Ole Nazi Party as they say today worldwide. The Country owes the guilty of these crimes, crimes directly resulting from Grebes man Bush, thrust in the Whitehouse amid voter fraud claims and an Illegal election decided by a 5-4 Supreme Court decision that usurped Democracy at that point and all points forward, a six-gun salute with a firing squad for treason, as always, firing squads free @ www.iviewit.tv.[118] October 29, 2003 Iviewit Letter to USDOJ  Anti-Trust Division http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2003%2010%2030%20DOJ%20Antritrust%20Final%20Signed%20Digital%20EIB%20+%20PSL.PDF [119] January http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2001%2013%20Antitrust%20Division%20Response.pdf [120] New York State Consolidated Laws hold that: Any person may arrest another person (a) for a felony when the latter has in fact committed such felony, and (b) for any offense when the latter has in fact committed such offense in his presence. (N.Y.C.L. 140.30).[121] The Judges Trial (or the Justice Trial, or, officially, The United States of America vs. Josef Altsttter, et al.) was the third of the twelve trials for war crimes the U.S. authorities held in their occupation zone in Germany in Nuremberg after the end of World War II. These twelve trials were all held before U.S. military courts, not before the International Military Tribunal, but took place in the same rooms at the Palace of Justice. The twelve U.S. trials are collectively known as the Subsequent Nuremberg Trials or, more formally, as the Trials of War Criminals before the Nuremberg Military Tribunals (NMT).The defendants in this case were 16 German jurists and lawyers. Nine had been officials of the Reich Ministry of Justice, the others were prosecutors and judges of the Special Courts and Peoples Courts of Nazi Germany. They wereamongst other chargesheld responsible for implementing and furthering the Nazi racial purity program through the eugenic and racial laws.The judges in this case, heard before Military Tribunal III, were Carrington T. Marshall (presiding judge), former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio, James T. Brand from Oregon, Mallory B. Blair from Texas, and Justin Woodward Harding as an alternate judge. Marshall had to retire due to illness on June 19, 1947, at which point Brand became president and Harding a full member of the tribunal. The Chief of Counsel for the Prosecution was Telford Taylor; his deputy was Charles M. LaFollette. The indictment was presented on January 4, 1947; the trial lasted from March 5 to December 4, 1947. Ten of the defendants were found guilty; four received sentences for lifetime imprisonment, the rest prison sentences of varying lengths.[122] Thursday, March 19, 2009 Gryphon Investigations ALBERT HU, SILICON VALLEY HEDGE FUND MANGER, ARRESTED IN HONG KONG http://blog.gryphoninvestigations.com Tags: barroway, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, patent, patentgate, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, theft, thomas cahill, video, wayne huizenga, xxx Posted in Iviewit Court Filings |   3 Comments Iviewit Silicon Graphics Bankruptcy Filing to Remove Judge Martin GlennSeptember 19th, 2009 UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURTSOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - xIn reGRAPHICS PROPERTIESHOLDINGS, INC., et al.,Debtors. Chapter 11 Case No. 09-11701 (MG) (Jointly Administered)- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - xELIOT BERNSTEIN CLAIMANT-CREDITORS MOTION TO COMPEL THE DISQUALIFICATION OF BANKRUPTCY JUDGE GLENN AND VACATE ORDERS UNDER FEDERAL RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE 60, BANKRUPTCY RULE 9024 AND FOR A STAY OF PROCEEDINGS AND OTHER RELIEF IN RELATION TO ORDER SUSTAINING THE OBJECTIONOF THE DEBTORS TO CLAIM OF ELIOT I. BERNSTEINTO THE HONORABLE MARTIN GLENN SDNY BANKRUPTCY JUDGE: I Eliot Bernstein, Creditor and Claimant previously filed an Emergency motion seeking injunctive and other relief in April of 2009, and filed Proof of Claim No. 225 herein, and recently moved for various relief including but not limited to an extension of time to respond to objections to my proof of claim with such objections filed by Special Counsel Ropes & Gray, motion for an adjournment of a hearing on Sept. 15, 2009 for the appointment of counsel to Eliot Bernstein, motion for the determination of conflicts of interest, and other relief now move to compel the immediate Disqualification of SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Martin Glenn, Vacating all Orders of SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Glenn in these jointly administered proceedings specifically including an Order dated September 15, 2009, and for an immediate stay of proceedings pending oversight and assignment of these proceedings to an independent and neutral Judge in accordance with due process and Rules and Codes of Conduct applicable herein. MOTION TO COMPEL DISQUALIFICATION OF SDNY BANKRUTCY JUDGE MARTIN GLENN 28 USC 455 AND OTHERSGI, hereinafter the Debtors, herein, filed for Ch. 11 Bankruptcy Protection on April 1, 2009 several months after emerging from a prior Ch. 11 case. More importantly, however, is that SGIs filing in Ch. 11 on April 1, 2009 came within 6 days of the filing of a formal SEC complaint by myself against the Intel Corporation announcing a Trillion Dollar fraud to the SEC also involving Debtors SGI as well thru a Company which was mutually owned by Intel and SGI along with Lockheed Martin called Real3d Inc of Orlando, Florida. That company Real3d Inc. is at the heart and central of a host of investigations and complaints as well as having been under signed NDA with myself and the Iviewit technologies dating back to 1998 or so. The alleged sales transactions between Intel, the Debtors SGI, and Lockheed Martin involving Real3d Inc. were expressly made a part of the Formal SEC Complaint filed on March 25, 2009, 6 days before the SGI bankruptcy on April 1, 2009. As referenced in my Emergency Motion filed April 9, 2009, In House General Counsel for Debtors SGI Evelyn Ramirez was expressly placed on notice of the formal SEC Intel Real3d Inc and related complaint on March 25, 2009 just days before the Ch. 11 filing herein. Despite this express notice on March 25, 2009, the April 1, 2009 Ch. 11 filing wholly failed to List the claims of Eliot Bernstein and related claims herein amounting to a Fraud in filing by SGI upon which THIS Court, SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Martin Glenn, was duly noticed. SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Martin Glenn was further upon direct Notice as of April 9, 2009 with my Emergency filing of the existence of ongoing and open investigations involving multiple federal offices including at the USPTO where Harry Moatz, Director of the OED of the USPTO and a federal official had specifically directed me to file Fraud against the USPTO. Further, Moatz assembled a team of patent office officials to work with myself to file to remove all former counsel from the applications and respond to outstanding issues to move the IP into a suspended status. After review of the allegations, the Commissioner of Patents then Suspended various Patent applications herein pending investigation relating to the Trillion Dollar Technologies at issue. Inventor change forms filed to change the fraudulent inventors and certain IP that has falsified inventors were not changeable without an Act of Congress to change existing USPTO privacy policies, Senator Dianne Feinstein has been reviewing these matters, as well as, members of the House Judiciary Committee. SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Martin Glenn was further placed on express notice of actions by the Office of Inspector General Glenn A. Fine of the US DOJ, pending matters with the OPR of the FBI and the federal whistleblower case of Christine Anderson now heading to trial in the Southern District of NY which my Amended Complaint at the US District Court was marked legally related to by District Court Judge Shira Scheindlin. SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Glenn was further on direct notice that the Debtors SGI had simultaneously moved at the time of filing Ch. 11 on April 1, 2009 to simultaneously Employ as Special Counsel the law firm of Davis Polk Wardell (DPW) and Ropes and Gray, LLP by an application filed on such date by Ropes and Gray, LLP including a Declaration by William Kelly of DPW and that DPW was simultaneously representing the Lockheed Martin Corporation and SGI, the Debtors herein, both of whom were Equity owners in Real3d Inc which was under signed NDA with my technologies and at the heart of my complaints and investigations herein. Most shockingly, the Declaration of DPW attorney William Kelly places Mr. Kelly as an Inside Officer at SGI during ALL of the Relevant initial years of the Technologies theft with SGI and Real3d Inc. and later as Outside counsel for SGI while at DPW who simultaneously represents Lockheed Martin, the other Company with Intel at the heart of the Technology thefts with Real3dInc and violations of signed NDAs. Thus, Clear Facial Conflicts appeared on the Records and Dockets of these proceedings certainly as of the date of my Emergency Motion filing on April 9, 2009 and thus SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Martin Glenn should be charged with knowledge of such conflicts as of at least April 9, 2009. Additional specified conflicts made in writing prior to the Sept. 15, 2009 hearing which have been knowingly, deliberately and intentionally disregarded as part of the wall of conflicts machinery of RICO activity in legal proceedings include DPW further simultaneously representing Lockheed, SGI owners in Real3d Inc, while also simultaneously representing the Financial Accountants KPMG employed by SGI in this Ch. 11 bankruptcy while further representing other major companies under NDA with my technologies such as CIBC and Morgan Stanley creating conflict within conflict herein. It is noted for Historical reference at this time that the Formal SEC complaint filed in March of 2009 expressly referenced failures to follow FASB No. 5 and similar Accounting Rules in this Trillion dollar fraud. As of the filing of my Emergency Motion on April 9, 2009, the Nation ( United States ) has heard almost daily reports of Financial Fraud and related investigations after the collapse of Wall Street, the $65 Billion plus Madoff fraud, and $8Billion Stanford fraud and more while Davis Polk Wardell simultaneously represents multiple players in the Wall Street debacle and most interestingly Recruited and Hired back to DPW former head of Enforcement at the SEC Linda Chatman Thomsen who left the SEC under fire for the failures that lead to the $65Billion Madoff fraud. Such facts involving the Madoff and SEC and Linda Chatman Thomsen matter were of such public knowledge that SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Martin Glenn should be presumed to have taken judicial notice herein. Published sources claim that Linda Thomsen was recruited back to DPW in April 2009 shortly after my filings herein.Many threads tie together several of these financial schemes with the Iviewit technologies and companies, including Madoff, Dreier and Stanford, as pled in my federal RICO case, fully incorporated herein by reference, US 2nd Circ. Docket No. ( 08-4873-cv ) Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. and USDC SDNY Docket No. ( 07cv11196 ) Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al. FUNDAMENTAL NOTIONS OF DUE PROCESS REQUIRE  INDEPENDENT AND NEUTRAL JUDGE  As noted by the US 7th Circuit Court of Appeals in an appeal of a case coming out of Operation Greylord, a massive FBI investigation into Judicial corruption in Cook County of Illinois, the United States Supreme Court has observed that [a] fair trial in a fair tribunal is a basic requirement of due process. In re Murchison, 349 U.S. 133, 136, 75 S.Ct. 623, 99 L.Ed. 942 (1955); see also McBride, 428 F.3d at 667 (Fairness of course requires an absence of actual bias in the trial of cases ). See, Guest v McCann, http://ftp.resource.org/courts.gov/c/F3/474/474.F3d.926.04-3736.html . 28 USC 455 provides in part as follows: (a) Any justice, judge, or magistrate judge of the United States shall disqualify himself in any proceeding in which his impartiality might reasonably be questioned. Disqualification is thus mandatory and shall be compelled where impartiality might reasonably be questioned. SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Glenn is required under the federal Rules of Judicial Conduct as follows:CANON 2: A JUDGE SHOULD AVOID IMPROPRIETY AND THE APPEARANCE OF IMPROPRIETY IN ALL ACTIVITIESA. Respect for Law. A judge should respect and comply with the law and should act at alltimes in a manner that promotes public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of thejudiciary. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . COMMENTARYCanon 2A. An appearance of impropriety occurs when reasonable minds, withknowledge of all the relevant circumstances disclosed by a reasonable inquiry, would conclude that the judges honesty, integrity, impartiality, temperament, or fitness to serve as a judge is impaired. Public confidence in the judiciary is eroded by irresponsible or improper conduct by judges. A judge must avoid all impropriety and appearance of impropriety. . . . . . . . . . See, http://www.uscourts.gov/library/codeOfConduct/Code_Effective_July-01-09.pdfAt the time of the first hearing in which I participated by Telephonic testimony on May 8, 2009, I, Eliot I. Bernstein, specifically requested On the Record of proceedings for Special Counsel Ropes & Gray, LLP AND THIS Court, Hon. SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Glenn, to affirm and disclose affirmatively that no conflicts of interest exist. Also a Conflict of Interest disclosure form was submitted to the Court for review and affirmation or denial of any Conflicts.Both Special Counsel Ropes & Gray, LLP and Judge Glenn Stood SILENT and knowingly, Intentionally and deliberately failed to affirm or disaffirm if conflicts of interest existed in the proceedings herein. It was at ALL Times Reasonable then on May 8, 2009 to question the Impartiality of Bankruptcy Judge Glenn for failing to require Special Counsel Ropes & Gray to Affirm or disaffirm conflicts herein and also for the Judge himself to fail to affirm or disaffirm conflicts and it was further reasonable to question Judge Glenns commitment to obligations to uphold law since the Court has an affirmative duty to address conflicts in the proceedings and regulate the conduct of the attorneys.Nonetheless, I Eliot I. Bernstein in most reasonable fashion thereafter specifically outlined in further detail the conflicts of interest which were Facially existent on the Record of Proceedings as of April 9, 2009 by a Response to Special Counsel Ropes & Gray filed Sept. 10, 2009 which noted the Silence of Ropes and Gray and Judge Glenn on May 8, 2009, and again asked for affirmance or denial of conflict and to resolve conflicts prior to proceeding. Special Counsel Ropes & Gray had been placed on further specified notice by myself in this filing of Sept. 10, 2009 that Ropes and Gray as Lawyers claim to own highly technical Patents in the realm of digital and video imaging which is not only precise part of the area where my Original owner status in Technologies exists, but further that the very nature of the Fraud on the USPTO urged to be filed by Federal official Harry Moatz as Director of the OED of the USPTO involved Fraud in filings and applications by Lawyers and likewise Judge Glenn and Ropes and Gray were informed in Writing by my filing on Sept 10, 2009 that the legally related federal Whistleblower case of Christine Anderson heading to trial in the District Court of Judge Scheindlin of the SDNY involved the Iviewit technology matters and systemic public corruption involving the whitewashing of professional complaints of attorneys at the DDC of the NYS First Department. Yet, despite the prior request orally on May 8, 2009 and the now written motion and specified notice and request of Sept. 10, 2009, Special Counsel Ropes and Gray files a nearly 13 page reply to my response with Judge Glenn and yet STILL fails to affirm or deny conflict and deliberately glosses over and disregards all such matters which are at the heart and core of these proceedings. At the hearing Sept. 15, 2009 appearing telephonically again, I reiterated and repeated my requests for conflict resolution and disclosure of both Special Counsel Ropes and Gray and Judge Martin Glenn making this the second request Orally now on two separate proceeding dates, May 8, 2009 and Sept. 15, 2009, in addition to the written filings of my Emergency motion dated April 9, 2009 which should have placed Judge Glenn on Notice of the conflicts and my subsequent written motion and response on Sept 10, 2009 which specifically demanded and requested conflict disclosure and resolution and of course the requirements and operation of law and due process necessitating that the Judge be independent, neutral and free from conflict and regulate the proceedings in like manner. Yet, in what appears to be the Standard Equation or Recipe as it were for RICO and corruption advanced through the machinery of Judicial Office, Judge Martin Glenn has knowingly, deliberately, purposely and intentionally disregarded law, Rule and codes of conduct by issuing an Order on Sept. 15, 2009 in writing which wholly, fully and absolutely disregards the core issues at hand and the requirements of law, the federal Rules of Judicial Conduct and other despite full knowledge of same by Judge Martin Glenn and by merely reciting somewhat meaningless facts to provide the Order with a false appearance of legitimacy. Under such circumstances, the impartiality of Judge Glenn is reasonably in question along with failure to follow and enforce law including the law of conflicts and thus Judge Martin Glenn is compelled and mandated to Disqualify himself under 28 USC 455, federal Rules of Judicial Conduct, and law from these proceedings and Vacate all orders herein and any act short of this immediate result is a further Obstruction of Justice and actionable due process violation herein. It is noted that this fraudulent Order of Sept. 15, 2009 contains no mention whatsoever of any request to address conflicts much less any analysis or reason or rationale and the Order therefore lacks a rationale basis and is likewise Void under FRCP 60 and is otherwise void and to be vacated under FRCP Rule 60 as a fraud upon the court and proceedings. More importantly there is no analysis, discussion or portion of the Order which address the Core Fraud and Factual issues contested in the proceedings which necessarily implicate the Conflicts not addressed and include but are not limited to Fraud by SGI in the original 2006 filings and the subsequent Fraud in filings on April 1, 2009 upon recent discovery of entanglement and a Formal SEC Complaint in a Trillion Dollar accounting and related fraud involving equity partners Lockheed Martin and Intel from Real3d Inc.It is further noted for historical reference that the fraudulent and voidable Order of Judge Martin Glenn dated Sept. 15, 2009 was issued in less than a mere few hours of taking the motions of Eliot I. Bernstein under advisement and was issued without even a remote appearance or attempt at a full and fair Hearing which should have mandated Conflict resolution and provision for Discovery on contested issues and mandated an extension and adjournment of time herein. Moreover such fraudulent and void Order fails to discuss or analyze in any manner the claims of Eliot I. Bernstein and the Specified list of Engineers and Business managers and officers referenced in the Formal SEC complaint of March 25, 2009 involving Real3d Inc, Intel, Lockheed Martin and SGI, the Debtors herein and that the Debtors SGI did not even attempt to advance any engineer or technical person to counter the claims of Eliot Bernstein involving the Technology herein at minimum creating contested factual issues appropriate for discovery and contested adversary proceedings. It is noted that the actions herein shall be investigated against SDNY Judge Glenn and applicable staff for Title 18 obstruction of justice and related fraud crimes and for due process RICO conspiracy actions. It is further noted that On the Record of proceedings on Sept. 15, 2009, SDNY Bankruptcy Judge Glenn was affirmatively requested to sign a Conflicts of interest disclosure which he wrongfully refused to affirm or deny. SDNY JUDGE GLENN FAILED TO CONTACT MR. DIAMOND, OPERATIONS MANAGER AT SDNY BANKRUPTCY IN RELATION TO POLICIES ON THE APPOINTMENT OF COUNSELMy Sept. 10, 2009 filing specifically referenced SDNY Bankruptcy Court Operations Manager Mr. Diamond and Staff in relation to my attempts to secure appointment of counsel and other relief herein. Despite Operations Manager Mr. Diamond indicating he should be consulted for Policies of the SDNY in relation to Appointment of Counsel, in prejudicial manner Judge Glenn disregarded all such matters and requests in a further abuse of discretion herein. WHEREFORE, SELF REPORTING AND EIB REPORTING TO OVERSIGHT BODIES, US DOJ, OIG OF DOJ, FBI OPR, FBI, US ATTORNEY OF SDNY, NY AG CUOMO AND APPROPRIATE OFFICES AND STAY OF PROCEEDINGS UPON VACATING ORDERSFor all the reasons noted herein, and it is further noted that filings before Judge Glenn indicated that SDNY US District Court Judge Scheindlin had called my case a Murder case while I alleged formally attempted murder shown by the car bombing of my minivan at my website www.iviewit.tv Bankruptcy Judge Martin Glen shall: Immediately Disqualify himself from these proceedings and Vacate all Orders herein specifically including the Order of Sept. 15, 2009 and the order denying an injunction and Order approving Sale ( quickest bankruptcy Ch. 11 sale ) and all such Orders herein; Self Report the conduct herein to all appropriate oversight bodies, Committees, the Judicial Council, the OIG of the DOJ, the US Attorney for the SDNY, the DOJ, the USPTO and OED of the USPTO, applicable NY State and related Bar Associations, the NY AG Public Integrity and related units, the US House and Senate Judiciary Committees, and other; Immediately stay proceedings upon disqualification pending assignment and transfer to an independent and neutral Bankruptcy Judge; And for such other and further relief as may be proper. Dated: ____________ _________________________Eliot I. Bernstein, Pro SeClaim No. 225   Claimant and Creditor 2753 N.W. 34th St Boca Raton, FL 33434 (561) 245-8588 iviewit@iviewit.tv http://www.iviewit.tvAFFIDAVIT OF SERVICEI, Eliot Ivan Bernstein hereby certify under the penalty of perjury that on the 18th day of September, 2009 served by United States Mail, Facsimile or hand delivery the ( ELIOT BERNSTEIN CLAIMANT-CREDITORS MOTION TO COMPEL THE DISQUALIFICATION OF BANKRUPTCY JUDGE GLENN AND VACATE ORDERS UNDER FEDERAL RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE 60, BANKRUPTCY RULE 9024 AND FOR A STAY OF PROCEEDINGS AND OTHER RELIEF IN RELATION TO ORDER SUSTAINING THE OBJECTIONOF THE DEBTORS TO CLAIM OF ELIOT I. BERNSTEIN ) on this Court, requesting this Court serve all named Plaintiffs, Defendants, Creditors, Debtors and other necessary parties via the United States Marshal Service or other method this Court deems acceptable, or otherwise so reply to me as to the correct parties to further serve for this case with all applicable addressing information. Eliot I. Bernstein, Pro se OWNER AND INVENTOR AND UNSECURED CREDITOR OF DEBTOR SGI ET AL.2753 N.W. 34th StreetBoca Raton, FL 33434(561) 245-8588(561) 886-7628iviewit@iviewit.tvTags: eliot bernstein, intel, iviewit, lockheed, martin glenn, patent, patentgate, sex, sgi, silicon graphics, xxx Posted in Iviewit Court Filings |   No Comments IVIEWIT TRILLION $$ FED SUIT DEFENDANT PROSKAUER ROSE SUED IN GLOBAL CLASS ACTION RE ALLEN STANFORD PONZI - SHIRA SCHEINDLIN WHISTLEBLOWER CHRISTINE C. ANDERSON TO TRIAL FOR PUBLIC OFFICE CORRUPTION CHARGESSeptember 11th, 2009 September 6th, 2009 http://www.free-press-release.com/news-iviewit-trillion-fed-suit-defendant-proskauer-rose-sued-in-global-class-action-re-stanford-ponzi-1252249099.htmlIVIEWIT TRILLION $$ FED SUIT DEFENDANT PROSKAUER ROSE SUED IN GLOBAL CLASS ACTION RE ALLEN STANFORD PONZIProskauer Rose Sued in Stanford Ponzi  Blood Oaths with Regulators  Iviewit Suit LEGALLY related to NY Supreme Court Whistleblower Christine Anderson Heading to Trial with Judge Shira ScheindlinWhistleblower Suit Set for TrialAs the public federal trial of systemic corruption allegations inside the NY State Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department (First Dept) approaches, more bad news for the Proskauer Rose law firm erupted. Last week WSJ reported CFO of Stanford Financial Group, James Davis, involved in the $7 Billion Robert Allen Stanford Ponzi. Davis pleaded Guilty to fed charges while appearing to implicate counsel Proskauer & partner Thomas Sjoblom orchestrating a plan to Obstruct SEC & FBI investigations into Stanford & more. http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2009/08/28/sjoblom-proskauer-rose-face-fallout-from-stanford-affairChristine C. Anderson a former Staff Attorney at the First Dept filed WHISTLEBLOWER allegations in a fed suit slated for trial Oct 13 in US District Court Southern District NY (USDC), Anderson v State of NY, 07cv09599. http://iviewit.tv/press/press1.pdf Andersons suit adjudicated by Judge Shira Scheindlin contains allegations of retaliation against Anderson for termination from her job of 6 yrs, after Anderson exposed systemic Whitewashing & Obstruction inside the First Dept, claiming favoritism by the First Dept for favored law firms & attorneys. http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2009/04/andersons-10-million-lawsuit-proceeds.html & http://iviewit.tv/press/press2.pdf Andersons suit set to bring volcanic like testimony involving public office corruption & testimony by officials of the NY State Unified Court system, including Court of Appeals Chief Judge Jonathan Lippman, Presiding Judge at the First Dept during the firing of Anderson. Along with Lippman will be Defendants in Anderson, First Dept Supervisor Sherry Cohen, Former Chief Counsel Thomas J. Cahill, Hon John Buckley, David Spokony & Catherine OHagen Wolfe, Clerk @ US Second Circuit Court of Appeals (USCA), an initial Anderson defendant in her former job as Clerk for the First Dept, now witness in Anderson. Anderson claims Physical Abuse & Harassment by Cohen for her heroic WHISTLEBLOWING, Anderson gave riveting testimony to the NY Senate Judiciary Committee headed by former Proskauer asst Sen. John L. Sampson. Anderson testimony @ 30min http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8OX8uuAbw&eurl=http%3A%2F%2Fiviewit%2Etv%2F&feature=player_embedded Prior to permitting Anderson to trial, Scheindlin marked 7 suits, including Iviewits Trillion Dollar suit http://iviewit.tv/press/press3.pdf legally related to Anderson. Proskauer Ties to Stanford, Madoff & DreierThe Stanford Ponzi investigation may be the card that knocks down the house of cards at Proskauer. Uncovering of the $65 Billion Madoff Ponzi led the SEC & FBI to intensify investigations into Stanford, Perhaps the most alarming is that Stanford Investment Bank has exposure to losses from the Madoff fraud scheme despite the banks public assurance to the contrary, said the SEC. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/us_and_americas/article5759709.ece Ironically, Sjoblom worked for the SEC & now is implicated in FBI & SEC actions, advising client Stanford on how to lie to the SEC. Huffington Post on Feb 20, 09 claims,Sjoblom, a partner at law firm Proskauer Rose doing work for Stanfords companys Antigua affiliate, told authorities that he disaffirmed everything he had told them to dateSjoblom spent nearly 20 years at the SEC, & served as an Asst Chief Litigation Counsel in the SECs Division of Enforcement from 1987-1999.http://www.huffingtonpost.com/charles-h-green/mini-madoff-scandal-scale_b_168486.html Bloomberg on Jan 14, 09 states, The week after Bernard Madoff was charged with running a $50 billion Ponzi scheme, Proskauer Roseoffered a telephone briefing on the scandal for its wealthy clients. With only a days notice, 1,300 Madoff investors dialed in. This is a financial 9/11 for our clients, said Proskauer litigation partner Gregg MashbergPeople are dying for information. http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601103&sid=aO32KOhrPtRw&refer=us Following the client call, investigations began into major clients involved in Madoff, Proskauer having perhaps the most Madoff clients, many who originally claimed to be victims may now be accomplice. SEC OIG delivered a stinging report on Madoff harshly criticizing lax regulators for overlooking the Madoff information from WHISTLEBLOWERS & others inside the SEC, for years. http://www.foxbusiness.com/story/markets/industries/government/report-set-criticize-sec-madoff-scheme/ Proskauer has further ties to Madoff according to TPM, in 2004 an SEC attorney, Genevievette Walker-Lightfoot, notified the SEC of the Ponzi but was forced out of her job, the SEC later settling a claim filed by Lightfoot. Upon termination, Lightfoot turned over the Madoff file to Jacqueline Wood who then presumably buried the report that could have exposed the Ponzi in 04. SEC OIGs report mentions Wood of Proskauer throughout the entire report as a key figure in the regulatory failure. http://www.sec.gov/news/studies/2009/oig-509.pdf After leaving the SEC, Wood took a Proskauer partnership. http://tpmcafe.talkingpointsmemo.com/talk/blogs/mrs_panstreppon/2009/07/bernie-madoff-sec-investigator.php?ref=reccafe Laura Pendergest-Holt, Stanfords CIO, criminally charged in the Stanford investigation, then filed a civil suit against Proskauer & Sjoblom claiming they hung her out to dry before the SEC. Meanwhile, Sjoblom solicited a multi-million dollar retainer from Stanfords Chairman, A. Stanford, the night before the events with Holt at the SEC. http://www.memphisdailynews.com/editorial/Article.aspx?id=41707 WSJ reports filing of a Class Action suit against Sjoblom & Proskauer in TX after Davis incriminating plea agreement implicated Proskauer, seeking damages for the entire $7 Billion in damages for Proskauers role Aiding & Abetting, The civil suit is largely based on a plea agreement that we mentioned in this post yesterday, which focuses in part of the alleged actions of Sjoblom, who became outside counsel for Stanfords international bank based in Antigua in the Caribbean starting in 05. http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2009/08/28/sjoblom-proskauer-rose-face-fallout-from-stanford-affair/ Another defendant in the Iviewit Lawsuit, convicted felon Marc S. Dreier, found orchestrating yet another bizarre Ponzi, in the Dreier scheme, we find former Proskauer partner Sheila M. Gowan as bankruptcy trustee in the suit. http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2009/01/02/former-ausa-selected-as-bankruptcy-trustee-in-dreier-case NY Attorney General Defendant in Iviewit SuitWhile acting as the NY Gov, Eliot Spitzer, former NY AG, reached out to his former Deputy AG Dietrich Snell who left the AG to take a Proskauer partnership, in order for Snell to act as defense counsel for Spitzer during the TrooperGate / HookerGate scandals, resulting in Spitzers resignation. http://www.nydailynews.com/news/2007/10/13/2007-10-13_spitzer_hiring_city_lawyer_on_taxpayer_e.html Snell working for Spitzer at the NY AG when Iviewit filed complaints with the First Dept & NY AG against attorneys involved in the patent thefts. Spitzer a named Defendant in the suit, other Defendants include First Dept, law firms ( Proskauer Rose, Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein & Schlissel, Foley & Lardner ) & corp defendants include, Intel Corporation, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Silicon Graphics, Inc., IBM, MPEG-LA, LLC, Crossbow Ventures, Wayne Huizenga, & many more. Cease & DesistIviewit secured seed funding from billionaire Wayne Huizenga & Crossbow Ventures whose investments were two-thirds SBA funds. Iviewit signed & executed NDAs, licensing agreements & strategic alliances starting in 1998 with many Fortune 1000 companies. Companies with signed agreements include; Real 3D, Inc., ( a consortium of Intel, Lockheed & SGI ) Dell, Wachovia, Warner Bros., AOLTW, Raymond James, Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns, CIBC World Markets / Oppenheimer, Kodak, Motorola, General Instrument Corporation, Paine Webber, Pequot, Sony, MGM, NCR & more. Recent formal Cease & Desist & Demand Letters have gone out to major players Intel, Lockheed & SGI, who formed Real 3D, where leading experts & engineers from the companies tested & used the technologies. Iviewit filed a formal complaint to SEC Chairperson, Mary Shapiro against Intel & others. The complaints filed for possible violations of FASB No. 5 resulting from possible failure to report liabilities to Shareholders. Liabilities resulting from the Trillion Dollar suit they are named defendants in & failure to report liabilities resulting from knowing & willful infringement in violation of signed agreements for almost 10 yrs. Accounting for the liabilities should appear in the Annual Report to Stockholders as required under FASB. http://iviewit.tv/press/press4.pdf In recent patent disputes, settlement in excess of $600M was reached involving RIM Blackberry & NTP on the strength of an NDA. http://money.cnn.com/2006/03/03/technology/rimm_ntp/ Microsoft was issued an Injunction that awarded hundreds of millions in damages to i4i, for willful infringement of technologies embedded in MS Word. The injunction also forces a product recall of ALL products with MS Word since 2003. http://news.idg.no/cw/art.cfm?id=582697AC-1A64-6A71-CE533A73F07D7ED4Injunction in the Iviewit suit forcing a Cease & Desist & product recall would shut down internet video, reduce digital TV channels by over 75%, recall hardware & software that uses the technologies since 1998, a recall unparalleled in history. The Iviewit matters involve investigations ongoing with the DOJ, DOJ OIG Glenn Fine, Harry Moatz, Director OED US Patent Office, the FBI OPR, the SBA OIG, former US AG Michael Mukasey, current US AG Eric H. Holder, Jr & more. Feb 09 petition to President Barack Obama & Holder @ http://iviewit.tv/press/press5.pdf Newshttp://iviewit.tv/press/index.htm-Eliot I. BernsteinInventorIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  DLIviewit Holdings, Inc.  FLIviewit Technologies, Inc.  DLUview.com, Inc.  DLIviewit.com, Inc.  FLIviewit.com, Inc.  DLI.C., Inc.  FLIviewit.com LLC  DLIviewit LLC  DLIviewit Corporation  FLIviewit, Inc.  FLIviewit, Inc.  DLIviewit Corporation2753 N.W. 34th St.Boca Raton, Florida 33434-3459(561) 245.8588 (o)(561) 886.7628 (c)(561) 245-8644 (f)iviewit@iviewit.tvwww.iviewit.tv http://iviewit.tv/wordpress/http://iviewit.tv/wordpresseliot/More @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2007/12/ethics-scandal-hearing-greeted-with-15.htmlhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.comTags: copyright, eliot bernstein, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, myclads, ownership, patentgate, person, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, theft, video Posted in Iviewit Press Releases |   No Comments Carl Person on Creating Independent Contractors (MyClads.com) IviewitSeptember 7th, 2009 September 03 2009Posted in independent contractors coverageWhile waiting for Wes McKinley the courageous State Representative from Colorado to call-in Carl Person elaborates to Paula Gloria the development of his ideas for the many possible solutions for the difficult times we face, including MyCLads.com Paula points out the problem of iviewit technology the people who developed video compression the imperative technology to allow YouTube to become as valuable as it didDuration : 0:45:15Carl PersonTags: capital, carl, compression, copyright, eliot bernstein, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, iviewit, myclads, ownership, patentgate, person, proskauer, theft, video Posted in Iviewit Current Events |   No Comments Allen Stanford Legal Actions including Proskauer SjoblomAugust 29th, 2009 The D&O Diary The List: Stanford Group-Related LitigationLast Updated: August 27, 2009Table I: Federal Securities Class Action Litigation(substantially related proceedings listed in Table IV, below)DateCourtParties (Defendants/Plaintiffs)LinkD&O Diary2/17/09S.D.Tex.Stanford Group Company; Stanford Financial Group; Stanford International Bank Ltd; Stanford Capital Management LLC; R. Allen Stanford; James Davis; Laura Pendergast-Holt; Jay Comeaux; Jason Green/ Jerry Adams, Jerry Errington, Ben Gomez, Michael Hicks, on behalf of all persons who purchased securities and CDs sold by defendant Stanfrod between January 1, 2000 and February 17, 2009 {Note: These same plaintiffs filed a substantially identical action in the Northern District of Texas as well, refer here}HereHereTable II: State Court Actions(duplicate or substantially related proceedings are listed in Table IV, below)DateCourtParties (Defendants/Plaintiffs)LinkD&O Diary2/19/09Tex. Dist.Ct.Stanford Group Company; Stanford Financial Group; Stanford Capital Management LLC; Stanford Venture Capital Holdings, Inc.; Stanford Group Holdings, Inc.; Stanford International Bank, Ltd; R. Allen Stanford; James M. Davis; Laure Pendergast-Holt/ Johan Pieter Dahl, Trustee of the Rocky Mountain TrustHereHere2/27/09Tex. Dist.Ct.Stanford Group Company; Stanford Financial Group; Stanford International Bank, Ltd.; Stanford Holdings, Inc.; Stanford Capital Management; R. Allen Stanford; James M. Davis; Laura Pendergast-Holt; Jay Comeau; Jason Green; John M. Fry; Louis M. Perry/ Robert Conte as Trustee of Corporate Healthcare Management Defined Benefit PlanHere8/23/09Tex. Dist. Ct.Trustmark National Bank; HSBC Bank PLC; The Toronto-Dominion Bank; SG Private Banking (Suisse) S.A.; Bank of Houston/ Peggy Roif Rotstain; Guthrie Abbott; Catherine Burnell; Steven Queyrouze; Jaime Alexis Arroyo Bornstein; Juan C. Olano, on behalf of all individuals who were customers or SIBLHereTable III: Other Proceedings (duplicate or substantially related proceedings are listed in Table IV, below)DateForumParties (Defendants/Plaintiffs)LinkD&O Diary2/17/09N.D. TexStanford International Bank, Ltd.; Stanford Group Company; Stanford Capital Management LLC; R. Allen Stanford; James M. Davis; Laura Pendergest-Holt/Securities and Exchange Commission Here2/25/09Queens Bench (Alberta)R. Allen Stanford/Stanford Financial Group;Stanford International Bank, Ltd.; Stanford Group Company; Stanford Capital Management LLC; James Davis; Laura Pendergest-Holt/ Jim Sunderji on behalf of purchasers of Stanford International Bank Certificates of DepositHere3/4/2006S.D. Tex.Securities and Exchange Commission and unknown agents thereof; Unknown Agents of the U.S. Marshals Service; Ralph S. Jenney, Appointed Receiver for Stanford International Bank Ltd, et al./Tory Dearmond, Cindy Dore, et al.Here 3/17/09Tex. Dist. Ct.Lloyds of London, et.al/Laura Pendereast-HoltHere Here3/27/09N.D. Tex.Thomas V. Sjoblum and Proskauer Rose, LLP/ Laura Pendergest-HoltHere4/15/09N.D.TexJames R. Alguire et al. (former financial advisors to Defendant Stanford Group Company)/Receiver Ralph Janvey {Receivers Complaint}Here5/12/09S.D. Tex.Laura Pendergest-Holt/ United States of America (Indictment)Here5/21/09S.D. Fla.Kroll, Inc; Kroll Associates, Inc./ Electri International  The Foundation for Electrical Construction, Inc.Here6/18/09S.D. Tex.Robert Allen Stanford; Laura Pendergest Holt; Gilberto Lopez; Mark Kurht; Leroy King/ United States of America [Indictment]Here6/18/09S.D. Tex.Bruce Perraud/ United States of America [Indictment]Here6/18/09S.D.Tex.James M. Davis/United States of America [Information]Here 7/2/09N.D.Tex.Willis of Colorado, Inc.; Willis Group Holdings, Ltd.; Amy Baranoucky; Robert S. Winter; Bowen, Miclette & Britt, Inc./ Samuel Troice; Martha Diaz; Punga Punga Financial Ltd, on behalf of Mexican investors who purchased Certificates of Deposit from Stanford International BankHere7/13/09S.D.Tex.The Commonwealth of Antigua and Barbuda/Joan Gale Frank; Jon A. Bell; Samuel Burkinsky; Jamie Alexis Arroyo Bornstein; Peggy Roif Rotstain; Juan C. Olano: John Wade in hiw capacity as Trustee of the Microchip ID System, on behalf of all individuals who, and entities that, as of February 16, 2009, were customers of SIBL, with monies on deposit at SIBL and/or holding CDs issued by SIBL Here7/15/09N.D.Tex.Jim Letsos; Felipe Gonzalez; Charlotte Hunton; Richard O. Hunton; Charles Hunton/ Receiver Ralph Janvey {Receivers Complaint}Here8/10/09N.D.Miss.Robert David Haggard; John Taylor Paschal; Suzanne Paschal; Mary Edith Shapley; Edit Paschal; Price Paschal Lumber Company, Inc.Here8/20/09Sup.Ct. Brit.Colum.Glenn Ayarton; Ayrton Financial Inc.; Clearwealth Advisors, Inc.; Clearwealth Adviors, A Partnership; Sora Group Wealth Advisors, Inc.; Sora Group Wealth Advisors A Partnership/Michael Drance; Sylvia Slosel; Mr. Michael Drance, Inc.Here Table IV: Related ProceedingsDateCourtParties (Defendants/PlaintiffsLinkD&O Diary 2/18/09S.D. Tex.Stanford International Bank, Ltd; Stanford Group Company; Stanford Capital Management LLC; R. Allen Stanford; James M. Davis; Laura Pendergast-Holt/ John Cohron on behalf of all persons who purchased CDs from SIB or shares in SIBs SAS program between February 19, 2004 and February 17, 2009HereHere 2/17/09N.D.Tex.Stanford Group Company; Stanford Financial Group; Stanford International Bank Ltd; Stanford Capital Management LLC; R. Allen Stanford; James Davis; Laura Pendergast-Holt; Jay Comeaux; Jason Green/ Jerry Adams, Jerry Errington, Ben Gomez, Michael Hicks, on behalf of all persons who purchased securities and CDs sold by defendant Stanfrod between January 1, 2000 and February 17, 2009 {Note: These same plaintiffs filed a substantially identical action in the Southern District of Texas as well, as noted above}Here2/23/09M.D. La.Stanford Group Company; Stanford Financial Group; Stanford International Bank, Ltd.; Stanford Holdings, Inc.; Stanford Capital Management, LLC; R. Allen Stanford; James Davis; Laura Pendergast-Holt/Sandra Allen on behalf of all persons who purchased securities or certificates of deposit sold by or through defendant Stanford entities from January 1, 2000 through February 17, 2009HereHere8/6/09N.D. TexWillis of Colorado, Inc.; Willis Group Holdings Ltd.; Amy S. Baranoucky; Robert S. Winter; Bowen, Miclette & Britt, Inc./ Manuel Canabal; Daniel Gomez Ferreiro; Promotora Villa Marino, C.A.HereTags: allen stanford, bernard madoff, eliot bernstein, eric holder, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, greenberg traurig, iviewit, kenneth rubenstein, marc dreier, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, okun, patent, patentgate, proskauer, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom Posted in Iviewit Current Events |   No Comments Wallstreet Journal Proskauer & Sjoblom sued in a Class Action Suit in the Allen Stanford MatterAugust 29th, 2009 WSJ on the cases, trends and personalities of interest to the business community.August 28, 2009, 5:42 PM ETSjoblom, Proskauer Rose Face Fallout From Stanford AffairBy Amir EfratiWow. Plaintiffs lawyers work fast!On Thursday, as we wrote, the former No. 2 executive at Stanford Financial Group pleaded guilty to aiding a multibillion-dollar Ponzi scheme and appeared to implicate Stanfords outside lawyer, Tom Sjoblom, in a scheme to obstruct a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into the firm.Well, lo-and-behold, on the same day, several victims of the fraud filed a class-action lawsuit against Sjoblom (pictured) and his law firm, Proskauer Rose.The suit, filed in federal court in Dallas, says Sjoblom and Proskauer are liable for $7 billion in damages for aiding and abetting Stanfords alleged fraud.According to a story by the NLJs Leigh Jones, Proskauer said in a statement that the lawsuit was legally flawed and factually erroneous. (Click here for the complaint and scroll to page 19 for the relevant allegations.) Sjobloms lawyer, James Cole, declined to comment. Sjoblom hasnt been criminally charged with any wrongdoing.The civil suit is largely based on a plea agreement that we mentioned in this post yesterday, which focuses in part of the alleged actions of Sjoblom, who became outside counsel for Stanfords international bank, based in Antigua in the Caribbean, starting in 2005.One of the first examples of alleged wrongdoing by Sjoblom and Proskauer involves a 2006 fax sent to Sjoblom by Leroy King, an Antigua banking regulator, whom prosecutors say was being bribed by Stanford to rubber-stamp Stanfords activities. (King was criminally charged by U.S. prosecutors and could be extradited to the U.S.)In the fax, King allegedly asked for Sjobloms help in crafting a response to a different Caribbean banking regulator who was asking about the firm. The lawsuit states: Recognizing that he had already been paid through cash bribe payments from Stanford, King concluded the August 1, 2006 facsimile transmission with the following handwritten words: Please do not bill me (laugh), Thanks a million, Lee.Let us offer up an observation: Judging from the outcome of a recent and slightly analogous situation, the claims against Proskauer might be a long shot.In a separate recent case in which a partner at a major law firm was charged and convicted of aiding his clients fraud, the firm so far hasnt had to pony up cash, despite the best efforts of members of the plaintiffs bar. A former partner at Mayer Brown, Joseph Collins, was convicted earlier this year of helping to cover up fraud at his client, Refco Inc., a commodities broker. A story yesterday by AmLaw Litigation Daily notes that Mayer Brown succeeded in beating back nearly every attempt to hold it liable in civil suits for the damage caused by Refcos collapse in 2005. The commodities broker had hidden $430 million in bad debts from the companys auditors and investors.Tags: allen stanford, barroway, bernard madoff, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, okun, patent, patentgate, person, proskauer, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom Posted in Iviewit Current Events |   2 Comments Wall Street Journal Re Proskauer Rose & Sir Allen StanfordAugust 27th, 2009 May 14, 2009, 3:03 PM ETIndictment Cranks Up Heat on Proskauers SjoblomTuesdays indictment (click here) in the Stanford Financial Group matter was focused primarily at Laura Pendergest-Holt, the firms chief information officer. Pendergest-Holt pleaded not guilty on Thursday to the two charges lodged against her  both related to an alleged plot to obstruct an SEC investigation into the company.But the indictment also turns up the heat on Proskauer Rose partner Tom Sjoblom, about whom weve posted before (here, here and here), and whom Pendergest-Holt herself sued in March. Click here for a story from Business Week on the matter.The indictment alleges that Attorney A (Sjoblom) and others made misleading statements to the SEC in February in order to cause the agency to delay interviewing Allen Stanford and the Stanford CFO about the firms financial condition. Sjoblom, the indictment alleges, also misled the SEC by telling the agency that Pendergest-Holt and Stanfords president would be better witnesses who could offer the agency better information regarding the firm. Sjoblom allegedly said that Stanford and his CFO were executive level officers who were not involved in the nuts and bolts of business operations and could not tell the SEC attorneys about details of the firms assets. The SEC agreed to delay the depositions of Stanford and his CFO.Sjoblom has not been charged with wrongdoing.The indictment then alleges that Sjoblom sent an email to Pendergest-Holt and the Stanford CFO regarding the need to tell the SEC about all of the firms investments. He wrote that they needed to rise to the occasion and that our livelihood depends on it.Later, of course, prosecutors say Pendergest-Holt twice lied during sworn testimony before the SEC by saying she didnt know about a key part of the firms investments, known as Tier III. The value of those investments, purportedly worth billions of dollars, was largely fictional, the trustee of Stanfords firm said in a recent report.James Cole, Sjobloms attorney, did not immediately return a phone call. Well let you know if we hear back.Copyright 2008 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights ReservedThis copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visitwww.djreprints.com4:46 pm May 14, 2009anon wrote:Sjoblom got his law degree at something called William Mitchell College of law  no kidding. So what do you expect?6:24 pm May 14, 2009anon wrote:I thought lying to the SEC was the job.6:50 pm May 14, 2009Warren Burger, CJ, went to Billy Mitchell wrote:Lets not be so snobbish about law schools. There are fine lawyers that graduated from William Mitchell, although I know nothing about Mr. Sjoblom. I dont understand why anon at 4:46 would smear all graduates of that school. And Im not defending it because I went to it  actually, my degree is from a Big Ten law school (aka, the best collection of law schools in the country).9:02 pm May 14, 2009Ben Matlock wrote:If Laura Pendergest-Holt is the firms chief information officer, she must know everything, right? Not the CEO, not the CFO. Once again, the SEC has shown it is an agency in total collapse, staffed by incompetent clerks who look to indict nobodies while leaving the masterminds alone, if the SEC can. Stanford should have been called before the SEC first, he was running the show. Instead, the SEC calls Laura in, represented by an attorney who tosses her to the wolves. There is a difference between being wrong with the facts and lying, a difference the SEC bureaucrats do not care about when they are looking to indict low hanging fruit. And Laura Pendergest-Holt is some peach, although that is no justification for a homely SEC female functionary to push for poor Lauras indictment.6:43 am May 15, 2009why do they even have law schools wrote:anybody that went to willy mitchell or a big ten law school is a joke  michigan and northwestern are pretenders and the mid-20 rankings of the also-rans like iowa, minnesota, etc.  are you kidding? so sad.1:31 pm May 15, 2009Thank God my name isnt Sjoblom wrote:What in the name Hades is the derivation of Sjoblom?3:03 pm May 15, 2009Unwarranted Snobbery wrote:At 6:43a, the poster says that it is so sad that the Big Ten even has law schools. Well, it has eight schools in the top 35. With my Big Ten law degree, over the last 30 years, Ive trounced lots of people with Top 5 law degrees  too many to count, both in court and in the workplace. I very successfully competed against the Ivies and other so-called T14s (what a joke to try to separate those from the rest!) when I was at a federal agency, and I very successfully compete with them now that I am a partner at a Top 20 law firm. The joke is on the poster, who thinks that his/her T14 degree gives some clear advantage. Dont look in the mirror  youre about to be run over by someone with a degree that is not T14. Then go and whine that they just dont get it. Correct: we just dont get it.4:23 pm May 15, 2009Sjoblom wrote:1:31 asks the derivation of Sjoblom. Its obviously Norwegian. Great name. Love those Norwegian names.3:12 pm August 20, 2009Eliot Bernstein wrote:MADOFF + STANFORD + DREIER + SATYAM + FISERV + ALBERT HU + The 1031 Tax Group LLC  Edward H. Okun = PROSKAUER ROSE & FOLEY & LARDNERInvestors who have been burned in these scams should start to seek redress from the lawyers who were involved with these scams. I personally have been trying to notify regulators and authorities of a ONE TRILLION DOLLAR scam that is putting states like New York and Florida at huge risk, as well as, companies like Intel, Lockheed, SGI and IBM. The states and companies involved in the fraud fail to acknowledge the risk exposing shareholders and citizens to impending liabilities. Investigators, courts and federal agents ignoring the crimes and evidence, including a car-bombing attempt on my life. I know how Harry Markopolos felt trying to expose Madoff in a world without regulation.Did I hear Proskauer Rose is involved in Madoff (involved many clients too) and acted as Allen Stanfords attorney. Investors who lost money in these scams should start looking at the law firm Proskauers assets for recovery. First, Proskauer partner Gregg Mashberg claims Madoff is a financial 9/11 for their clients, if they directed you to Madoff sue them. Then, Proskauer partner Thomas Sjoblom former enforcement dude for SEC and Allen Stanford attorney, declares PARTY IS OVER to Stanford employees and advises them to PRAY, this two days before SEC hearings. Then at hearings, he lies with Holt to SEC saying she only prepared with him but fails to mention Miami meeting at airport hanger. Then Sjoblom resigns after SEC begins investigation and sends note to SEC disaffirming all statements made by him and Proskauer, his butt on fire. If you were burned in Stanford sue Proskauer.Proskauer Rose, Foley & Lardner and Michael Grebe (former RNC Counsel, Bradley Foundation CEO and Former Foley CEO) are also in a TRILLION dollar FEDERAL LAWSUIT legally related to a WHISTLEBLOWER CASE also in FEDERAL COURT. Marc S. Dreier, brought in through Raymond A. Joao of Meltzer Lippe after putting 90+ patents of mine in his own name, is also a defendant in the Federal Case.The Trillion Dollar suit according to Judge Shira Scheindlin is one of PATENT THEFT, MURDER & A CAR BOMBING. For graphics on the car bombing visit http://www.iviewit.tv.The Federal Court casesUnited States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit Docket 08-4873-cv  Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.  TRILLION DOLLAR LAWSUITCases @ US District Court  Southern District NY(07cv09599) Anderson v The State of New York, et al.  WHISTLEBLOWER LAWSUIT(07cv11196) Bernstein, et al. v Appellate Division First Department Disciplinary Committee, et al.(07cv11612) Esposito v The State of New York, et al.,(08cv00526) Capogrosso v New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, et al.,(08cv02391) McKeown v The State of New York, et al.,(08cv02852) Galison v The State of New York, et al.,(08cv03305) Carvel v The State of New York, et al., and,(08cv4053) Gizella Weisshaus v The State of New York, et al.(08cv4438) Suzanne McCormick v The State of New York, et al.( ) John L. Petrec-Tolino v. The State of New YorkTags: allen stanford, barroway, bernard madoff, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, okun, patent, patentgate, person, proskauer, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom Posted in Iviewit Current Events |   No Comments Suit Claims Foley & Lardner Disclosed Confidential Patent InformationAugust 27th, 2009 ABA JournalPosted Aug 25, 2009, 11:29 am CDTBy Debra Cassens Weiss A patent holding company has sued Foley & Lardner, claiming that the law firm disclosed confidential patent information learned during settlement talks.The suit claims Foley & Lardner used the information to file a lawsuit on behalf of its client, Japanese electronics manufacturer Kyocera, according to The BLT: The Blog of Legal Times and the Am Law Litigation Daily. The Kyocera suit sought a declaratory judgment that it did not infringe the patents of the holding company, SPH America.SPH America had earlier sued Kyocera for infringement of a different patent used in cell phone technology. The new suit says SPH disclosed in confidence during settlement negotiations that it also held patent rights for 3G wireless technology, but it did not plan to sue Kyocera over those patents. Kyoceras discovery judgment action concerned the 3G technology, but was not filed under seal, according to the BLT summary of the SPH suit.The SPH suit was filed Friday in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. SPH America was formed in 2008 by a former associate at Fish & Richardson.Article SourceTags: allen stanford, barroway, bernard madoff, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, okun, patent, patentgate, person, proskauer, RAYMOND A. JOAO, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom Posted in Iviewit Current Events |   No Comments June 08, 2009 NY Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing - Testimony of Christine C, Anderson Whistleblower from the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First DepartmentAugust 25th, 2009 June 08, 2009 NY Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing - Testimony of Christine C, Anderson Whistleblower from the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department testifies second. Eliot Bernstein was to testify minutes later when the NY Senate Coup took down the capital building of communications and power, closing the hearings before the Iviewit Patentgate story could be told. The hearings show a deep and penetrating corruption of the New York Court System and Attorney Disciplinary.For VIDEO of the HEARINGS @ http://iviewit.tv/20090608nysjudiciaryhearing/index.htmTags: allen stanford, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, patent, patentgate, person, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga Posted in Iviewit Current Events |   1 Comment Expose Corrupt Court Excerpts on IviewitAugust 25th, 2009 Saturday, December 6, 2008Proskauer Rose House of Cards CrumblingProskauer lays off 35 associates and 25 staffLegal Week by Zach Lowe - December 5, 2008Proskauer Rose is laying off 35 associates and 25 administrative staff, reports The Am Law Daily. The news was announced in a memo, sent out by the firm yesterday (4 December), although which offices or practice areas will suffer the most is not specified. The New York firm said the layoffs are due to both the economic crisis and the unprecedented reduction in our historical lawyer attrition rate. Proskauer launched an office in London last year with hire of Matthew Hudson, the former head of OMelveny & Myers City arm. In September, the firm also secured its long-awaited Asia launch after hiring a two-partner team in Beijing from Heller Ehrman. Proskauer has been one of the most upwardly-mobile practices in the US in recent years, successfully expanding beyond its core employment practice into a stronger corporate profile. During the last two weeks a raft of US firms have made layoffs, including Reed Smith, White & Case, Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe, while firms including Cravath Swaine & Moore and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett have cut back associate bonuses.On Friday, August 24, 2007, we ran Justice Department Widens Patentgate Probe Buried by Ethics Chief Thomas J. Cahill:In a letter dated July 16, 2007, the U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Professional Responsibility, announced from its Washington, D.C. headquarters that it was expanding its investigation into a bizarrely stalled FBI investigation that involves an almost surreal story of the theft of nearly 30 U.S. Patents, and other intellectual property, worth billions of dollars. The probe reaches some of New Yorks most prominent politicians and judges, and has already proven to be a stunning embarrassment to the States ethics watchdog committees. (Click here to see the July 16, 2007 letter D.O.J. Widens Patentgate Probe)The Fox and the Hen HouseIt was only recently exposed in July that the underlying Patentgate inquiries were effectively buried, or derailed, under the leadership of Manhattans top State ethics Chief Counsel, Thomas J. Cahill, Esq. Mr. Cahills retirement was then quickly announced after his own ethical failings in the Patentgate matter, along with other ethics complaints that were made, became known.While no one can exactly figure out how inquiries under Mr. Cahills charge went so awry, one thing is certain. At the same time the Patentgate probes were being secreted by state officials in New York, the United States Patent and Trademark Office Patent bar increased their own investigation into the same matter implicating the same attorneys. (Note: Mr. Cahills replacement was recently decided, and an announcement is expected as early as next week by the Appellate Division, First Department Presiding Justice, Jonathan Lippman.)PatentgateThe defrauded company is called Iviewit  pronounced, I-view-it. The companys internet site originally advertised their groundbreaking technology. Now, the opening page of the company website (www.iviewit.tv) displays unsettling photographs of the inventors family vehicle after it was bombed.This is quite serious, says an investigator close to the federal probe. The charges allege that valuable back-bone enabling digital imaging technology MPEG type intellectual property was stolen by the inventors own attorneys, the once-untouchable Manhattan based law firm Proskauer Rose. This is going to get very ugly, he says.Members of the U.S. Senate and U.S. House Judiciary Committees have known about the Iviewit investigation since about September of 2006, and it is in our nations capital where the matter quickly earned its moniker Patentgate. And the story was also globally known in technical, Intellectual Property circles. But the big question remains: how did such an explosive story like Patentgate stay off every mainstream medias radar screenespecially in New York.I know how, says a retired federal agent who asked not to be identified. Phone calls were mademany phone calls. Plain and simple. And while this retired federal agent isnt surprised by the apparent cover-up, he is alarmed by his own findings after a month-long independent review of all submitted Iviewit papers. I cant find one discrepancy in the allegations, not one unsubstantiated charge, he says. For one, you have the highest state courts in New York white-washing this thing with unpublished rulings. And then you have state ethics committees contradicting themselves in writing, no less. Its a complete meltdown, he concludes. The broken system appears to have finally fallen apart.Iviewit was been radio-active from day one, says one prosecutor who asked not to be named. Considering who was involved, you know the phones were ringing off the hook, and with a simple directive: dont go near it (an inquiry). He believes, however that a serious shake-up is imminent. The powers that be cant contain this story anymoreits out, U.S. Senators and Congressman are talking about it. This involves national Commerce issues: attorneys stealing U.S. Patents from their own client, and the illegal failings of a states ethics agency by its own cover-up, and selective, self-dealing, politically-based inaction. Patentgate appears to have exposed the true, and troubling, underbelly of ethics investigations in New York State. And its not pretty.Additional Background InformationThe original complaint involving Thomas Cahill and the Proskauer Rose law firm has been pending since February of 2004. The Cahill Proskauer Complaint is a high priority for the new State Chief Administrative Judge, the Honorable Ann T. Pfau.The Cahill Proskauer issue became a hot topic in Washington, D.C. in early 2007 at the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee, the U.S. House Judiciary Committee and the U.S. Department of Commerce (The United States Patent and Trademark Office). And it has specifically caught the attention of U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein, and U.S. House Representatives John D. Dingell and Nita Lowey. The Cahill Proskauer Scandal involves many allegations: the alleged theft by Proskauer of numerous U.S. Patents from their own client; claimed losses over 10 years on a trillion dollar technology pool that has affected all forms of digital imaging and video; and the March, 2005 bombing in Boynton Beach, Florida of the inventor-client-complainants family mini-van.It is alleged that Mr. Cahill masterminded the scheme to indefinitely delay complaints against Proskauer Rose, himself, and former New York State Bar Association President and Proskauer partner Steven C. Krane, Proskauer Partner Kenneth Rubenstein, chief counsel for MPEGLA, and attorney Raymond Joao of Yonkers. It is also alleged that attorney Steven C. Krane initially interceded, with Mr. Cahills knowledge and consent, in handling disciplinary complaints involving himself at the same time he was associated with the 1st Department in Manhattan. Attorney Kranes conflicts were exposed when officials from the Iviewit company contacted Katherine OHagan Wolfe, who contradicted Cahills statements and Kranes written denial of his 1st Dept roles. Ms. OHagan Wolfe advised that she was, in fact, on a Committee at the 1st Dept with both Cahill and Krane, and that they even had a meeting that same night.The various Cahill Proskauer issues bounced around under the public radar screen at the Court of Appeals in Albany and were ultimately transferred from the 1st Department to the 2nd Department in Brooklyn. This was done after 5 justices of the 1st Dept ruled unanimously to investigate Krane, Rubenstein and Joao for conflict of interest and the appearance of impropriety after their review of the 1st Department complaint. The Cahill inquiry is apparently still pending under attorney Martin R. Gold who, insiders say, was directed to sit on itforever. Earlier this year, FBI headquarters in Washington, D.C. assigned additional agents to the Public Integrity Corruption squad at 26 Federal Plaza in Manhattan, and where agents have been actively conducting interviews.9 comments:Anonymous said YOU CANT MAKE THIS SHIT UP, EVEN IF YOU WANTED TOTHIS IS TOO SURREAL..BUT, WAIT,STAY TUNED.. BECAUSE NEW YORK IS ABOUT TO BE ROCKEDTHE BIGGEST THUGS ARE ABOUT TO FALL AND REAL HARD..GO TO JAIL..DIRECTLY TO JAIL AND DONT PASS GO..HE WHO LAUGHS LAST, LAUGHS BESTHA-HA-HA-HA-HADecember 6, 2008 8:10 AM  Happy Retirement said WAIT a minute hereWasnt Chief Judge Judith Kaye married to the main Partner of Proskauer & Rose..and hes recently passed away? HUGE PROBLEM HEREI smell a RAT..a BIG DIRTY RAT..I wonder how Judge Kayes going to look in stripes? Wow, what a way to have to spend the rest of ones life, behind JAIL CELL BARS..HAPPY RETIREMENT JUDGE KAYEDecember 6, 2008 8:17 AM  Anonymous said Is Saint Andrew going to defend the witch, Kaye and her gaggle of vipers. Why wasnt Saint Andrew doing his elected work for the people? Saint Andrew was informed of the corruption by his boss, the people, but Saint Andrew apparently acts on his higher duty as Patron Saint of crooked lawyers and judges.December 6, 2008 9:12 AM  ex p.r. emp. said you dont the half of it. just the tip of the iceberg at PR. i know, i worked there!December 6, 2008 11:44 AM  gopher said this couldnt happen to a nicer group! free us from lawyers and this country would be better!December 6, 2008 12:37 PM  Anonymous said they bombed the minivan?ATF does not fool around someone should have been arested imidiatly for something like that.When the mob has done things like that the govt was quick to find out who did it and prosecute.People should have already bennsent to jail. I think the Senators should have already done something about this beside taking campaign donations from law firms.December 6, 2008 12:41 PM  hmmmmm, hic said Proskauer Rose was alway$ very appreciative, if you know what I mean ($$) of DDC employee$ Tom Cahill and $herry Cohen. $omehow the Manhattan attorney ethic$ committee, where the drunkards Cahill and Cohen drink, er, worked, always seemed to loose complaint$ again$t Pro$kauer Ro$e lawyer$.December 6, 2008 1:18 PM  P. Stephen Lamont, CEO Iviewit, Lead Appellant 08-4873-cv said ex p.r. emp.  tell us more!!December 6, 2008 10:50 PM  CompuSerb said Proskauer Rose LLP attorney Navid Soleymani conspired in theft and destruction of Court Documents and then committed Misprision of Felony, see Indisputable Evidence.January 2, 2009 1:23 PMFriday, January 11, 2008NY Federal Judge: Ethics Scandal Cases RelatedOn Thursday, January 10, 2008, U.S. Federal District Court Judge Shira A. Scheindlin directed that the 1.5 Billion dollar Iviewit patentgate case, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on December 12, 2007, be assigned to her court.Allegations of covering-up and whitewashing complaints against favored attorneys find both cases seeking the appointment of a federal monitor to take over New Yorks statewide attorney ethics committees. A third lawsuit, filed December 28, 2007, is currently under review by Judge Scheindlin to be designated as an associated case in the state ethics scandal, Tammany Hall II.Federal Magistrate Judge Douglas F. Eaton has also been assigned to both the Anderson and Iviewit matters.In another order, signed January 9, 2008, Judge Scheindlin directed U.S. Marshals to serve the Iviewit lawsuit on the listed defendants.Click here to see Iviewit storyPosted by Corrupt Courts Administrator at 5:39 PM   7 comments:Anonymous said This should make the DDC and OCA sweat more than they have beenthis is the big push needed for invasion into the operation of the NY STATE OFFICE OF COURT ADMINISTRATION and their operations for at least the past 17 yrsthe DE-KAYE reign! God, this is a blessing for all NY STATE TAXPAYERS AND VICTIMS OF THE FRAUDULENT CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR OF the most sacred of government entities in this countrythe COURT SYSTEM!January 12, 2008 10:16 AM  Anonymous said I pray that youre right. The whole system has been Teflon coated for so long, most of us (read: victims) gave up hope a long time ago, and are waiting in the wings dreaming of vindication.Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.- Paul GauguinJanuary 12, 2008 11:51 AM  Anonymous said Ill believe it when i see it happenThese thugs are invincible, and very well protected.January 12, 2008 2:17 PM  Anonymous said No one is invincible or that well protected..opportunities eventually find one person that can originate the fallRome remembers!Thugs that flip from law enforcers to criminals cannot psychologically perfect the two!January 12, 2008 2:30 PM  Anonymous said Ive been reading this blog for months but have never left a comment until now.Ive known about the corruption in the NYS courts for many years as my husband worked as a judges law secretary until he retired last year.Maybe- just maybe -there is hope with this Federal Justice Scheindlin.January 12, 2008 3:31 PM  manhattan surrogate court victim said I too filed complaints against attorneys in the 1st Dept., the result being that Thomas Cahill double talked me. I always wonder why, what was going on. Now I can understand a little. It was all corrupt, the fix was in. As a direct result I gave up and never filed a complaint against the Surrogage Judge which I should have done. I will try to join this law suit also. God Bless Judge ScheindlinJanuary 14, 2008 2:16 PM  Anonymous said How complaints against attorneys or law firms were buried over the years? One can only guess at how many complaints against Judges received the same fare.January 16, 2008 10:36 PM  Thursday, December 13, 2007Ethics Scandal Hearing Greeted With $1.5 Billion Dollar Lawsuit (MORE, CLICK HERE)Tammany Hall II, Public Corruption Scandal Grows  by $1.5 BillionNumerous reports confirm the hearing quickly turned extraordinary.Federal Judge Scheindlin first read into the record a list of 8 different people from around the world who had copied the court on various correspondence concerning the New York Ethics Scandal and their support for the appointment of a federal monitor.Posted by Corrupt Courts Administrator at 11:31 AM   19 comments:panaramic view said This is a good start! Ill be watching.December 13, 2007 11:44 AM  iviewit fan said I cant wait to see the Iviewit filing.December 13, 2007 2:09 PM  Dirk Raat the Netherlands said Excellent news! Let the lawsuits fly in! Overhere, in the Netherlands, I am still working on a amended ethics grievance  against Melvyn Weiss and associates at Milberg Weiss  which will reveal, in most obvious terms, that the Disciplinary Committee whitewashed the ethics grievance against Mel Weiss. My case is not a billion dollar issue, though I will hold the Disciplinary Committee responsible for their severe negligence [tort] in my case. Secondly: I have a surprise due for judge Greenaway in the Genta litigation:-)) Stay tuned!December 13, 2007 2:55 PM  ny attorney said I was present for part of the Anderson v. State matter, then it was annouced that Mr. S. Lamont/Iviewit had just filed this case - WOW! Even the Judge took note! From what I could see there were some other folks that additionally wanted to join in. Good Luck it looks to be interesting.December 13, 2007 3:40 PM  Anonymous said Here is hoping NYC gives a big push to cases filed in areas outside of it! It should be more impactful if federal court sees cases filed against OCA AGENCIES ALL OVER THE STATE! Good luck to all of what is going on in NYC!December 13, 2007 4:42 PM  Anonymous said just take a look at the list of employees over thier. Just look atat the racial diversity of Manhattan and then look at how few minoritys that work thier.Look at how they hire people not by qualifications by who they know to get in.IF any private company had such a small percentage of minoritys they probably would be sued and forced to become equal opertunity employers.December 13, 2007 4:50 PM  writing on the wall said Thats the way the big law firms especially the white Shoe ones get to control the system and get away with all their criminal doings - they dont want any n*****s in the wood pile!December 13, 2007 8:31 PM  Anonymous said Is the State of New YOrk standing up for the crooks now? Is part of a coverup?December 13, 2007 9:34 PM  appalled said Ive seen the website on Iviewit the ones that filed this federal suit, man its wild! There are pictures of this guy Bernsteins car that the lawyers/thugs blew-up! This is serious dude!December 13, 2007 9:54 PM  Promising said Luisa Esposito saidI was there and I think Honorable Scheindlin was great. Hopefully theyll assign federal monitoring and Justice will PREVAIL.December 13, 2007 10:33 PM  Shyster Busters.. said Thank God for CorruptCourts..how else would we know what these shysters were up to.December 13, 2007 10:36 PM  Anonymous said Lord only knows what else these creeps got away with people were too afraid to go against these monsters and bullies, therefore, never reporting it..or reported it and it was swept under the rug.December 13, 2007 10:41 PM  Anonymous said i want to see Cahill and Cohen in handcuffs for all the damage that they have done to good people!December 13, 2007 11:31 PM  Anonymous said oops, I meant exposecorruptcourts..typoDecember 14, 2007 7:00 AM  Anonymous said Cant wait to see the complaint against the woman that was sexually abused by her attorney Allen H. Isaac and how they are protecting him..He should be behind bars and disbarred..but yet he continues to practice law..go figure..hes got the DDC in his pocket alsoI hope she exposes their corruption in her lawsuit, so that all could see how the DDC even protects sexual predators.December 14, 2007 7:15 AM  visitor said While surfing I came across this blog which is very good. It is even more important because approximately 6 years ago I filed several complaints against attorneys in the 1st Dept. that just died. I kept calling speaking with various people including Mr. Thomas Cahill and all I was told was to resend the complaints because they could not find them, they had been lost. After the 5th time I gave up! Reading all this I now have a pretty good handle on what happened.December 14, 2007 9:52 AM  Anonymous said OCA cannot get away with anything more. Shortly, some DISCOVERY will be expressed, exposed and manifestedmuch to the stupidity and arrogance of their legal dept and ATTY JOHN J. SULLIVAN, ESQ. What is included in this document is going to be A ball buster and shock for these losers! OCA never knew what went on upstate for years! The type of people, the events and finally the judicial actions taken without any knowledge of all of this ( only an attempt by NYC employees and judiciary to protect the ethnicity and political status of these hacks), will be a JOY to present! MARK YOUR CALENDAR FOR jan 2, 2008!December 14, 2007 9:58 AM  Anonymous said When is the NY TImes going to FULLy run a story on the corruption.December 14, 2007 11:31 AM  Anonymous said IS THIER GOING to be a public hearing on January 2, 2008?the fedral building on Pearl stsomeone posted a comment.IF YES, please post the informationthat should be goodDecember 15, 2007 12:50 AM  EXPOSE CORRUPT COURTSSaturday, November 24, 2007Iviewit Press Release: Patentgate and NYs Ethics Scandal (MORE, CLICK HERE)History in the making, folks. Tammany Hall Part II is in full swing. See Iviewits November 23, 2007 Press Release.MORE.Press ReleaseNovember 23, 2007For Immediate Release:NY TIMES REPORTS $80 MILLION SUIT CLAIMING WHITEWASHING IVIEWIT COMPLAINTS v.PROSKAUER & NY SUPREME COURTNY TIMES & LAW JOURNAL REPORT $80 MILLION SUIT CLAIMING WHITEWASHING OF IVIEWIT COMPLAINTS v. PROSKAUER, STEVEN KRANE PAST NYSBA PRES, FOLEY LARDNER & NY COURT OFFICERS - REVEALED BY ATTY INSIDE WHISTLEBLOWERUnited States of America (Press Release ) November 23, 2007  In an explosive $80 Million federal lawsuit http://www.iviewit.tv/CCA-2-amended.pdf a staff attorney at the New York Supreme Court claims officials whitewashed Iviewit complaints against Proskauer Rose, Steven C. Krane, Esq. (former NYSBA Pres & clerk to Chief Judge Judith Kaye) & other high ranking NY Supreme Court officers. The inside whistleblower also claims she was physically assaulted & then terminated to keep Iviewit claims of fraud on the US Patent Office and other government agencies buried.The New York Law Journal @ http://www.law.com/jsp/article.jsp?id=1193648632218 and The New York Times @ http://www.nytimes.com/2007/11/01/nyregion/01suit.html?ref=nyregion reported on a federal lawsuit claiming high ranking members on the New York Supreme Court, purposely and with intent to cover-up for other high ranking court officials, caused the whitewashing of complaints against attorneys and senior court officials who committed hosts of state, federal, and international crimes against a multiplicity of governmental agencies, and in fact, threatened and coerced Plaintiff Anderson, including wrongfully terminating her and physical assault, for voicing concern that there was irrefutable evidence of wrongdoings by the attorneys and court officials to cover up the crimes committed against the United States.In the lawsuit http://www.iviewit.tv/CCA-2-amended.pdf filed on October 27, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, filed as Christine C. Anderson v. The State of New York, et. al. S.D.N.Y., October 27, 2007 the Plaintiff affirmatively claims support by the Iviewit matters of patent sabotage, FRAUD ON THE UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE, intellectual property theft, and an attempted murder perpetrated by, among others, the once respected Proskauer Rose LLP and its members Kenneth Rubenstein, Steven C. Krane, (former New York State Bar President, former clerk to Chief Judge Judith Kaye), Chief Judge Judith Kaye and her late Proskauer partner husband Stephen Kaye, Christopher C. Wheeler, Foley & Lardner LLP led by its former Chairman and former Republican National Committee, Chief Counsel, Michael C. Grebe and others.In that lawsuit, the Plaintiff factually alleges that:Upon information and belief, defendants also state that the timing of the, Plaintiffs abrupt firing was connected to the newly circulated revelations concerning Cahills status as an individually named defendant in a lawsuit entitled In the Matter of Complaints Against Attorneys and Counselors-At-Law; Kenneth Rubenstein-Docket 2003.0531; Raymond Joao-Docket 2003.0532; Steven C. Krane- Docket 2004.1883; Thomas J. Cahill- Special Inquiry #2004.1122; and the Law Firm of Proskauer Rose, LLP; filed by Eliot I. Bernstein, Pro Se and P. Stephen Lamont Both Individually and On Behalf of Shareholders of: Iviewit et. al., Petitioners. [Iviewit's].petition was filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, Appellate Division: First Department.The Iviewit Petition @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2007%2008%20Cahill%20Motion%20Supreme%20court%20new%20york%20FINAL%20BOOKMAR.pdf for immediate investigation was later granted by the First Department Justices in a unanimous decision to begin immediate investigation for the Appearance of Impropriety and Conflict of Interest in Unpublished Orders:** M3198 - Steven C. Krane & Proskauer Rose @ http://www.iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2004%2008%2011%20new%20york%20first%20department%20orders%20investigation%20Krane%20Rubenstein%20Joao.pdf** M2820 Kenneth Rubenstein & Proskauer Rose ** M3212 Raymond A. Joao and Meltzer Lippe Goldstein & Schlissel and,** Thomas J. Cahill - Special Inquiry #2004.1122 - Cahill was transferred for Special Inquiry and Investigation to Martin Gold per First Dept rules.Original First Dept Complaints: ** Kenneth Rubenstein - Docket 2003.0531 First Department,** Raymond Joao - Docket 2003.0532 First Department,** Steven C. Krane - Docket 2004.1883 First Department,** the Law Firm of Proskauer Rose, LLP and,** the Law Firm of Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Wolfe and SchlisselAdditionally, and similar to the NYLJ and the NYT, as reported in an article aptly titled Justice Department Widens Patentgate Probe Buried by Ethics Chief Thomas J. Cahill @ http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2007/08/justice-dept-widens-patentgate-probe.html the Iviewit inquiries have reached the highest levels of New York & Washington political circles and into many judicial chambers as well.The original inquiries revealed that New York ethics Chief Counsel Thomas J. Cahill of the First Department Disciplinary Committee whitewashed investigations, which recently led to his abrupt departure.In a letter dated July 16, 2007, H. Marshall Jarrets office, the U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Professional Responsibility, announced from its Washington, D.C. headquarters that it was expanding its investigation into a bizarrely stalled FBI and US Attorney investigation, initiated in 2001, that involves the theft from Iviewit of nearly 30 patents, trademarks and other intellectual properties, with an estimated value of a trillion dollars. The OPR investigation was sparked by a request from the DOJ - OIG, Inspector General Glenn Fines Office whom is also conducting an ongoing investigation. The patent pending applications and other IP have been suspended by the Commissioner of Patents pending the outcome of ongoing state, federal and international investigations. The probe reaches some of New Yorks most prominent politicians and judges, and has already proven to be a stunning embarrassment to the States ethics watchdog committees.As a backdrop to the technologies in question, Mr. Bernsteins inventions, the Iviewit video scaling and image overlay systems, are the backbone, enabling technologies for the transmission of video and images across almost all transmission networks and viewable on all display devices, an elegant upstream solution (towards the content creator) of reconfiguring video frames to unlock bandwidth, processing, and storage constraints  the Holy Grail inventions of the digital imaging and video worlds that enable low bandwidth video on the Internet and mobile phones.As previously reported, the U.S. Senate and U.S. House Judiciary Committee(Representative John Dingell, Chair of the Energy & Commerce Committee forwarded the Iviewit matters to John Conyers, Chair of the House Judiciary Committee for investigation) have known about the Iviewit investigation since about September of 2006. Sen. Dianne Feinsteins office is also championing the Iviewit cause. The story is globally known in technical and intellectual property circles, with ongoing investigations at international patent offices such as the European Patent Office as well.Full information available @ http://www.iviewit.tv/, including full pertinent documentation and images of the car bombing attempt on inventor Bernsteins life.Eliot I. Bernstein & P. Stephen LamontIviewit Technologies, Inc.Iviewit Holdings, Inc.http://www.iviewit.tv/iviewit@iviewit.tv530-529-4110About Iviewit Technologies, Inc. and Iviewit Holdings, Inc., Iviewits innovative patent pending imaging and video technologies deliver to millions of people around the world digital video and images every day. Founded in 1998 by Eliot I. Bernstein, Jude Rosario and Zakirul Shirajeee, Iviewits core backbone technologies deliver video and images to top web properties in all major global markets enhancing the overall web experience for users. For more information, visit www.iviewit.tv . Currently the Iviewit patent pending applications have been suspended by the USPTO pending investigations by state, federal and international authorities concerningthe theft of the IP by patent attorneys charged with filing them.For more information:39 Little AveRed Bluff, CA 96080Visit our website: http://iviewit.tvEliot Bernstein & P. Stephen LamontVisit authors siteKeywords:iviewitPatentgateProskauer RoseNew York TimesNew York Law Journal Steven C. KraneNew YorkPosted by Corrupt Courts Administrator at 2:42 PM   18 comments:AMAZED said You cant make this stuff up.these people (mostly lawyers) steal things and get away with it through the Courts..they should all go to JAIL.November 24, 2007 4:16 PM  Anonymous said Hang all these son of bitchesNovember 24, 2007 5:11 PM  Anonymous said Im and attorney and Im numb. A friend referred me to this site this morning and Ive read a few stories. There are some very serious issues here. All of this is VERY concerning: the DDC and Iviewit allegations, just to startNovember 24, 2007 6:46 PM  Anonymous said This guy Bernstein, the lawyers had a hit out on, do you believe it? They blewup his car. Its only right Bernstein should see some people and put out a hit on all of them. What comes around goes around. Screw them allNovember 24, 2007 9:35 PM  Anonymous said This guy Bernstein, the lawyers had a hit out on, do you believe it? They blewup his car. Its only right Bernstein should see some people and put out a hit on all of them. What comes around goes around. Screw them allNovember 24, 2007 9:35 PM  Anonymous said Sara Jo Hamilton also need to be looked into by the feds.I was told the EEOC could not look into the DDC a few years ago. Hopefully with the lawsuit maybe the EEOC will look into it.It is amazing that these people have unions. In the lawsuit it says that they have a union.I do not understandin the lawsuit it says they are union workers. If they work for the State jobs should be open and competitive. They also should be held to standards that other state employess are held to. They arestate jobs that are not equal oppertunity, that are not open toall who qualify regardless of race and other influences.If it the Unified court system writting the checks. What does the Unified Court system and the State answering questions about who they hire at the DDC?Spitzer should get involved.He claims he is going to clean up Albany.November 25, 2007 3:06 AM  From the top to the bottom said First he needs to look at what judicial favors are coming out of Cuomos office.November 25, 2007 8:34 AM  nys taxpayer said If the Feds have dropped the ball on this one where is our fighting Attorney General Andrew Cuomo?November 25, 2007 11:30 AM  always in the know about the courts and unions said First of all, the EEOC is a massive hack office of the federal gov.! they told me i did not have a case and i knew i did from a past federal action and my extensive experience and education from OCA.THANK you OCA! I FORCED THEM to investigate (WNY) and maryanne drabczyk, eeoc, did an im screwing you, lazy girl attempt from her desk and telephone to OCAS hack and admin. heads, and then made outrageous, untrue, lies and statements in writing. Butt, funny she did give me the right to sue letter. for the second phase of my case, termination by OCA, she pretended she would just send a right to sue letter immediately to my home. acting sweet as liquor. but after consultation with andrew eisenberg, non-judicial admin., for chief judge sharon townsen, 8th dist., from OCA, she sucker punched me and sent it to the washington bureau of the dept of justice, DOJ, first, for their approvalhoping they would see that no investigation was done and, not knowing that she sent me a right to sue a few months prior, they, the dept of justice would reject it! BUT. i got word from my excellent investigative sources that she did this and i called DC and gave DOJ THE MANY details they needed. and soon after i got the right to sue letter!!!! EEOC does business with OCA through the STATE division of human rights and, therefore will do whatever they can to negate your complaints about any agency within OCA..no matter how serious they are. EEOC needs to be investigated also ,and they are part of my federal complaint they will always work with NY courts behind your back! always file and force them to investigate, even if they accuse you of taping them? huh?..oh yes, until they give you the right to sue letter!as far as the unions.CSEA is in collusion with OCA.fact! CSEAS only interest is securing small cost of living raises for its dues paying brothers and sisters, while spending the other 3 years playing with each othercheck out what they do in their offices and how they pretend to represent you, when they never WIN any cases that dont include a bunch of employees.singulair cases take play time and play money from CSEA big shots and, allows OCA to play hardball at contract time!.right donahue?! CSEA and OCA are in concert with pillow talk!November 25, 2007 1:04 PM  victim said The system doesnt work! It has been hijacked by gangsters and is not responsive to the people.November 25, 2007 11:45 PM  Anonymous said Hi,I am Luisa Esposito, my story is listed on October 10, and October 11, 2007.(Esq. sex scandal). I cannot believe what is going on with our Judicial System, Police Departments, District Attorneys Office, etc. After reading what happened to Mr. Bernstein,and Ms. Anderson, it leads me to believe that all of my conspiracy theories might be valid. I along with Mr. Bernstein and Ms. Anderson, have substantial evidence of a possible cover-up within the DDC Dept.and other Agencies. I was allegedly sexually abused by my former Attorney Allen H. Isaac, Esq.I presented my evidence, DVD Audi-Video tape with Mr. Isaacs admissions on it to the District Attorneys Office along with witnesses.I was victimized by the Chief of the Sex Crimes Unit,she had me in tears for approx. 3 hours. My evidence was never presented to the Grand Jury. I went to the Manhattan Special Victims Squad and the Detective told me Mr. Isaac was getting arrested. The Police Report reads Felony, Sexual Abuse, Wanted Allen H. Isaac. Will Prosecute, Yes.The Detective told me favors were getting called in and they were not allowing the arrest. Thus Far, there has not been an arrest. Attorney Anthony Denaro sent a letter to Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly, a Notice and Demand to arrest on reported Felony level Sexual Abuse. In addition,i filed a complaint at the DDC in 2005, and could not believe what i was experiencing at the hands of these proceedings.The DDC transcribed my DVD Audio-video tape which had numerous ommissions regarding pertinent and critical conversations. They told me i could not have an Attorney present during the hearings, they were not submitting the Police Report into evidence,witnesses on my behalf were not getting called in to corroborate my complaint. An Intern that worked for Mr. Isaac came forward saying that this was not an isolated incident, the Office staff warned her to steer clear of him. She was not getting called in as a witness.The harrassment i experienced at their hands was beyond believable. My testimony was blackened out with magic marker, after i tried to address my concerns about the hearings. Why is our system failing us, Is it Greed, Money, Power? God Bless us all, lets band together as citizens to try and stop all of this corruption.Go to http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJlvm7-56S4 and listen to my video and read the comments.November 26, 2007 11:05 AM  Anonymous said Mr. Bernstein, I admire your courage and fortitude. This Country is full of cowards, they allow these animals and thiefs to steal our souls from us.That is why they continue to get away with lying, stealing, and corrupting our system. Hang in there, i hope they lock up all of these bums, and throw away the key.November 26, 2007 2:11 PM  so sick of the office of court administration! said Our judicial system is failing and in full participation of many forms of conspiracy, because there is no accountability, tons of greed and way too much power given to weak and cowardly people with mental issues! The only salvation is for the masses to come together and demand a federal investigation, national media coverage and removal of the top administratersKaye goes first and foremost,along with Lippman and Plumadore!I am hoping this will begin by the beginning of 2008! People please get MAD!!!!!!November 26, 2007 5:46 PM  Anonymous said Ive read Andersons amended complaint, and Ive read Iviewits press release, which is, at various parts, factually inaccurate.But Iviewit is correct about one thing: heads need to role on what happened to them.November 26, 2007 7:24 PM  where the hell am I said How can you trust a government that allows this? They certainly make it difficult to debate with my european and canadian friends on these and various other issues.Its a joke!! Hard to defend my country and its system with crap like this!!November 27, 2007 12:49 PM  Anonymous said What was ray joaos role? Can someone explain. Thanks.November 29, 2007 8:18 PM  Eliot said A few comments to the bloggers here.Ray Joao was retained by Proskauer Rose to patent Iviewit inventions as Kenneth Rubensteins lackey. Both Rubenstein and Joao were at Meltzer Lippe Goldstein Schlissel and Wolfe prior to Proskauer grabbing Rubenstein immediately after learning of the inventions and starting an IP department based on stealing those inventions. Raymond Joao is beyond a disreputable scum, he is scum from the bottom of hell, he put 90 patents into his own name, all to do with Iviewit inventions. A true bottom feeder and lackey for Proskauer and Foley and Lardner doing the dirty work. Ray purposely filed false patent applications a federal crime and violated almost all of his federal patent bar regulations. Ray also is a flat out liar, he tried to say he never met inventors Jude Rosario and Zakirul Shirajee but mounds of evidence refute that. Ray is under investigation at the USPTO OED with all these criminal attorneys, I mean attorney criminals.As for Luisa Esposito, I admire this woman who has been hosed by the system to protect some sexually perverted attorney who solicits bjs for legal work, hope when she gets hers, he will like giving bjs to his roomie homey in New Yorks finest prison.As for me, well we can stop this crap now, yank these public servants gone mad from their jobs and try them for their abuse of power. It is not impossible, oh, you mean Dick Cheney has impeachment papers at the Judiciary Committee for war crimes, etc. and Alberto Bongo is gonzo, well it takes time but history is replete with incidence whereby crap like this is removed in a single flush into the New York historical sewer.New Yorkers must now get enraged at their public officials and call them to the light, they hate the light, demand answers, file complaint after complaint, force them to jump down into the sewer to escape the light.Fear not who they are from title, title is earned, they brought down Nixon and he had a pretty powerful title.Fight now or you are cowards and your children will spit on you when they see you were a coward who sold out their freedoms and government.My kids are making noise nowhttp://youtube.com/watch?v=TtikwNTSUE8The government is trying to suppress rebellion and what they are about to find out is that New Yorkers and most Americans are not going to stand for this shit much longer before we pitchfork their heads. Fool me once.If you cant fight city hall, tear it down!Anarchy 101November 30, 2007 11:44 AM  Anonymous said Eliotyou are sooo right, so honest as well as graphicwhich is necessary and correct about piling it on till they cant breathe..plus you crack me up! Give the judicial system what they give usa blast of living hell! The respect for the ROBE is gone and now the courts cannot do business as it needs to. Criminals rule this state!December 2, 2007 7:22 AM-A federal court-ordered hearing in the New York State Ethics Scandal Case (Anderson v. State of New York 07cv 9599) was held in Courtroom 15C of the United States Courthouse at 500 Pearl Street in Manhattan on Wednesday, December 12, 2007 before U.S. District Court Judge Shira A. Scheindlin.Judge Scheindlin accepted the Iviewit lawsuit, Bernstein v. Appellate Division First Department Departmental Disciplinary Committee, as related to the pending New York attorney ethics scandal case, Anderson v. The State of New York. Proskauer Rose is laying off 35 associates and 25 administrative staff, reports The Am Law Daily. The news was announced in a memo, sent out by the firm yesterday (4 December), although which offices or practice areas will suffer the most is not specified. The New York firm said the layoffs are due to both the economic crisis and the unprecedented reduction in our historical lawyer attrition rate. Proskauer launched an office in London last year with hire of Matthew Hudson, the former head of OMelveny & Myers City arm. In September, the firm also secured its long-awaited Asia launch after hiring a two-partner team in Beijing from Heller Ehrman. Proskauer has been one of the most upwardly-mobile practices in the US in recent years, successfully expanding beyond its core employment practice into a stronger corporate profile. During the last two weeks a raft of US firms have made layoffs, including Reed Smith, White & Case, Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe, while firms including Cravath Swaine & Moore and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett have cut back associate bonuses.On Friday, August 24, 2007, we ran Justice Department Widens Patentgate Probe Buried by Ethics Chief Thomas J. Cahill:In a letter dated July 16, 2007, the U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Professional Responsibility, announced from its Washington, D.C. headquarters that it was expanding its investigation into a bizarrely stalled FBI investigation that involves an almost surreal story of the theft of nearly 30 U.S. Patents, and other intellectual property, worth billions of dollars. The probe reaches some of New Yorks most prominent politicians and judges, and has already proven to be a stunning embarrassment to the States ethics watchdog committees. (Click here to see the July 16, 2007 letter D.O.J. Widens Patentgate Probe)The Fox and the Hen HouseIt was only recently exposed in July that the underlying Patentgate inquiries were effectively buried, or derailed, under the leadership of Manhattans top State ethics Chief Counsel, Thomas J. Cahill, Esq. Mr. Cahills retirement was then quickly announced after his own ethical failings in the Patentgate matter, along with other ethics complaints that were made, became known.While no one can exactly figure out how inquiries under Mr. Cahills charge went so awry, one thing is certain. At the same time the Patentgate probes were being secreted by state officials in New York, the United States Patent and Trademark Office Patent bar increased their own investigation into the same matter implicating the same attorneys. (Note: Mr. Cahills replacement was recently decided, and an announcement is expected as early as next week by the Appellate Division, First Department Presiding Justice, Jonathan Lippman.)PatentgateThe defrauded company is called Iviewit  pronounced, I-view-it. The companys internet site originally advertised their groundbreaking technology. Now, the opening page of the company website (www.iviewit.tv) displays unsettling photographs of the inventors family vehicle after it was bombed.This is quite serious, says an investigator close to the federal probe. The charges allege that valuable back-bone enabling digital imaging technology MPEG type intellectual property was stolen by the inventors own attorneys, the once-untouchable Manhattan based law firm Proskauer Rose. This is going to get very ugly, he says.Members of the U.S. Senate and U.S. House Judiciary Committees have known about the Iviewit investigation since about September of 2006, and it is in our nations capital where the matter quickly earned its moniker Patentgate. And the story was also globally known in technical, Intellectual Property circles. But the big question remains: how did such an explosive story like Patentgate stay off every mainstream medias radar screenespecially in New York.I know how, says a retired federal agent who asked not to be identified. Phone calls were mademany phone calls. Plain and simple. And while this retired federal agent isnt surprised by the apparent cover-up, he is alarmed by his own findings after a month-long independent review of all submitted Iviewit papers. I cant find one discrepancy in the allegations, not one unsubstantiated charge, he says. For one, you have the highest state courts in New York white-washing this thing with unpublished rulings. And then you have state ethics committees contradicting themselves in writing, no less. Its a complete meltdown, he concludes. The broken system appears to have finally fallen apart.Iviewit was been radio-active from day one, says one prosecutor who asked not to be named. Considering who was involved, you know the phones were ringing off the hook, and with a simple directive: dont go near it (an inquiry). He believes, however that a serious shake-up is imminent. The powers that be cant contain this story anymoreits out, U.S. Senators and Congressman are talking about it. This involves national Commerce issues: attorneys stealing U.S. Patents from their own client, and the illegal failings of a states ethics agency by its own cover-up, and selective, self-dealing, politically-based inaction. Patentgate appears to have exposed the true, and troubling, underbelly of ethics investigations in New York State. And its not pretty.Additional Background InformationThe original complaint involving Thomas Cahill and the Proskauer Rose law firm has been pending since February of 2004. The Cahill Proskauer Complaint is a high priority for the new State Chief Administrative Judge, the Honorable Ann T. Pfau.The Cahill Proskauer issue became a hot topic in Washington, D.C. in early 2007 at the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee, the U.S. House Judiciary Committee and the U.S. Department of Commerce (The United States Patent and Trademark Office). And it has specifically caught the attention of U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein, and U.S. House Representatives John D. Dingell and Nita Lowey. The Cahill Proskauer Scandal involves many allegations: the alleged theft by Proskauer of numerous U.S. Patents from their own client; claimed losses over 10 years on a trillion dollar technology pool that has affected all forms of digital imaging and video; and the March, 2005 bombing in Boynton Beach, Florida of the inventor-client-complainants family mini-van.It is alleged that Mr. Cahill masterminded the scheme to indefinitely delay complaints against Proskauer Rose, himself, and former New York State Bar Association President and Proskauer partner Steven C. Krane, Proskauer Partner Kenneth Rubenstein, chief counsel for MPEGLA, and attorney Raymond Joao of Yonkers. It is also alleged that attorney Steven C. Krane initially interceded, with Mr. Cahills knowledge and consent, in handling disciplinary complaints involving himself at the same time he was associated with the 1st Department in Manhattan. Attorney Kranes conflicts were exposed when officials from the Iviewit company contacted Katherine OHagan Wolfe, who contradicted Cahills statements and Kranes written denial of his 1st Dept roles. Ms. OHagan Wolfe advised that she was, in fact, on a Committee at the 1st Dept with both Cahill and Krane, and that they even had a meeting that same night.The various Cahill Proskauer issues bounced around under the public radar screen at the Court of Appeals in Albany and were ultimately transferred from the 1st Department to the 2nd Department in Brooklyn. This was done after 5 justices of the 1st Dept ruled unanimously to investigate Krane, Rubenstein and Joao for conflict of interest and the appearance of impropriety after their review of the 1st Department complaint. The Cahill inquiry is apparently still pending under attorney Martin R. Gold who, insiders say, was directed to sit on itforever. Earlier this year, FBI headquarters in Washington, D.C. assigned additional agents to the Public Integrity Corruption squad at 26 Federal Plaza in Manhattan, and where agents have been actively conducting interviews.An author of one of the letters, P. Stephen Lamont of Iviewit, immediately advised the court that he was withdrawing his copying of his letter to the court in light of an associated federal complaint filed shortly before the hearing.A court law clerk then handed Judge Scheindlin a copy of the just-filed complaint, Bernstein v. 1st Dept. Disciplinary Committee, et al. (S.D.N.Y 07cv 11196, filed December 12, 2007)The $1.5 Billion Dollar Bernstein complaint alleges widespread public corruption in the handling of ethics complaints involving fraud and stolen U.S Patents by various New York law firms and attorneys. The action by Bernstein has been marked as an associated case to the Anderson lawsuit since both matters concern allegations of Ethics Committee Public Corruption and, additionally, both cases seek the appointment of a federal monitor over New York State ethics committees.Bernsteins allegations, and known as Patentgate are currently under review by numerous U.S. Senators, the U.S. Congress, the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the FBIs watchdog unit, the Office of Professional Responsibility in Washington, D.C.The defense counsel in the Anderson matter, a Lee Alan Adlerstein from the New York State Attorney Generals office, attempted to categorize the Anderson case as a simple wrongful termination action, but the Judge did not see it that way and said so.This case is not a garden varietyits a whistleblowerthere is that aspect to it, said Judge Scheindlin.Informed sources reveal that at least one more associated federal complaint will be filed soon, along with other various filings that will pull together serious allegations of ethics related public corruption from every corner of New York State.Stay tuned to this story: Tammany Hall II  this is history, albeit ugly, in the makingAnd well be posting the One and one-half Billion dollar Patentgate lawsuit soon!Proskauer Rose is laying off 35 associates and 25 administrative staff, reports The Am Law Daily. The news was announced in a memo, sent out by the firm yesterday (4 December), although which offices or practice areas will suffer the most is not specified. The New York firm said the layoffs are due to both the economic crisis and the unprecedented reduction in our historical lawyer attrition rate. Proskauer launched an office in London last year with hire of Matthew Hudson, the former head of OMelveny & Myers City arm. In September, the firm also secured its long-awaited Asia launch after hiring a two-partner team in Beijing from Heller Ehrman. Proskauer has been one of the most upwardly-mobile practices in the US in recent years, successfully expanding beyond its core employment practice into a stronger corporate profile. During the last two weeks a raft of US firms have made layoffs, including Reed Smith, White & Case, Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe, while firms including Cravath Swaine & Moore and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett have cut back associate bonuses.On Friday, August 24, 2007, we ran Justice Department Widens Patentgate Probe Buried by Ethics Chief Thomas J. Cahill:In a letter dated July 16, 2007, the U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Professional Responsibility, announced from its Washington, D.C. headquarters that it was expanding its investigation into a bizarrely stalled FBI investigation that involves an almost surreal story of the theft of nearly 30 U.S. Patents, and other intellectual property, worth billions of dollars. The probe reaches some of New Yorks most prominent politicians and judges, and has already proven to be a stunning embarrassment to the States ethics watchdog committees. (Click here to see the July 16, 2007 letter D.O.J. Widens Patentgate Probe)The Fox and the Hen HouseIt was only recently exposed in July that the underlying Patentgate inquiries were effectively buried, or derailed, under the leadership of Manhattans top State ethics Chief Counsel, Thomas J. Cahill, Esq. Mr. Cahills retirement was then quickly announced after his own ethical failings in the Patentgate matter, along with other ethics complaints that were made, became known.While no one can exactly figure out how inquiries under Mr. Cahills charge went so awry, one thing is certain. At the same time the Patentgate probes were being secreted by state officials in New York, the United States Patent and Trademark Office Patent bar increased their own investigation into the same matter implicating the same attorneys. (Note: Mr. Cahills replacement was recently decided, and an announcement is expected as early as next week by the Appellate Division, First Department Presiding Justice, Jonathan Lippman.)PatentgateThe defrauded company is called Iviewit  pronounced, I-view-it. The companys internet site originally advertised their groundbreaking technology. Now, the opening page of the company website (www.iviewit.tv) displays unsettling photographs of the inventors family vehicle after it was bombed.This is quite serious, says an investigator close to the federal probe. The charges allege that valuable back-bone enabling digital imaging technology MPEG type intellectual property was stolen by the inventors own attorneys, the once-untouchable Manhattan based law firm Proskauer Rose. This is going to get very ugly, he says.Members of the U.S. Senate and U.S. House Judiciary Committees have known about the Iviewit investigation since about September of 2006, and it is in our nations capital where the matter quickly earned its moniker Patentgate. And the story was also globally known in technical, Intellectual Property circles. But the big question remains: how did such an explosive story like Patentgate stay off every mainstream medias radar screenespecially in New York.I know how, says a retired federal agent who asked not to be identified. Phone calls were mademany phone calls. Plain and simple. And while this retired federal agent isnt surprised by the apparent cover-up, he is alarmed by his own findings after a month-long independent review of all submitted Iviewit papers. I cant find one discrepancy in the allegations, not one unsubstantiated charge, he says. For one, you have the highest state courts in New York white-washing this thing with unpublished rulings. And then you have state ethics committees contradicting themselves in writing, no less. Its a complete meltdown, he concludes. The broken system appears to have finally fallen apart.Iviewit was been radio-active from day one, says one prosecutor who asked not to be named. Considering who was involved, you know the phones were ringing off the hook, and with a simple directive: dont go near it (an inquiry). He believes, however that a serious shake-up is imminent. The powers that be cant contain this story anymoreits out, U.S. Senators and Congressman are talking about it. This involves national Commerce issues: attorneys stealing U.S. Patents from their own client, and the illegal failings of a states ethics agency by its own cover-up, and selective, self-dealing, politically-based inaction. Patentgate appears to have exposed the true, and troubling, underbelly of ethics investigations in New York State. And its not pretty.Additional Background InformationThe original complaint involving Thomas Cahill and the Proskauer Rose law firm has been pending since February of 2004. The Cahill Proskauer Complaint is a high priority for the new State Chief Administrative Judge, the Honorable Ann T. Pfau.The Cahill Proskauer issue became a hot topic in Washington, D.C. in early 2007 at the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee, the U.S. House Judiciary Committee and the U.S. Department of Commerce (The United States Patent and Trademark Office). And it has specifically caught the attention of U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein, and U.S. House Representatives John D. Dingell and Nita Lowey. The Cahill Proskauer Scandal involves many allegations: the alleged theft by Proskauer of numerous U.S. Patents from their own client; claimed losses over 10 years on a trillion dollar technology pool that has affected all forms of digital imaging and video; and the March, 2005 bombing in Boynton Beach, Florida of the inventor-client-complainants family mini-van.It is alleged that Mr. Cahill masterminded the scheme to indefinitely delay complaints against Proskauer Rose, himself, and former New York State Bar Association President and Proskauer partner Steven C. Krane, Proskauer Partner Kenneth Rubenstein, chief counsel for MPEGLA, and attorney Raymond Joao of Yonkers. It is also alleged that attorney Steven C. Krane initially interceded, with Mr. Cahills knowledge and consent, in handling disciplinary complaints involving himself at the same time he was associated with the 1st Department in Manhattan. Attorney Kranes conflicts were exposed when officials from the Iviewit company contacted Katherine OHagan Wolfe, who contradicted Cahills statements and Kranes written denial of his 1st Dept roles. Ms. OHagan Wolfe advised that she was, in fact, on a Committee at the 1st Dept with both Cahill and Krane, and that they even had a meeting that same night.The various Cahill Proskauer issues bounced around under the public radar screen at the Court of Appeals in Albany and were ultimately transferred from the 1st Department to the 2nd Department in Brooklyn. This was done after 5 justices of the 1st Dept ruled unanimously to investigate Krane, Rubenstein and Joao for conflict of interest and the appearance of impropriety after their review of the 1st Department complaint. The Cahill inquiry is apparently still pending under attorney Martin R. Gold who, insiders say, was directed to sit on itforever. Earlier this year, FBI headquarters in Washington, D.C. assigned additional agents to the Public Integrity Corruption squad at 26 Federal Plaza in Manhattan, and where agents have been actively conducting interviews.Tags: allen stanford, barroway, bernard madoff, crossbow ventures, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, gizella weisshaus, intel, inventor, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, okun, patent, patentgate, proskauer, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sex, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, video, wayne huizenga Posted in Iviewit Current Events |   No Comments Iviewit Letter To Honorable President Barack Hussein Obama IIAugust 25th, 2009 I-VIEW-IT HOLDINGS, INC.I-VIEW-IT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.Eliot I. BernsteinFounder & InventorDirect Dial: (561) 245-8588Friday, February 13, 2009The Honorable President Barack Hussein Obama IIThe United States Office of the President1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NWWashington, DC 20500The Honorable Gregory Craig, White House CounselThe White House, Oval Office1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NWWashington, DC 20500The Honorable Eric H. Holder, Jr., United States Attorney GeneralOffice of the United States Attorney GeneralU.S. Department of Justice950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NWWashington, DC 20530-0001Re:Fundamental Matters of the Global Economy and Intellectual Property Rights under Article I of the US Constitution involving direct Fraud on the US Patent Office with devastating impacts on future US Intellectual Property development and Fundamental Matters of the Administration of Justice under Law[1]Dear Honorable President Barack Hussein Obama II: I, Eliot Ivan Bernstein, am writing to bring to your attention as the 44th President of the United States urgent matters fundamental to the United States and global economy, regarding an ongoing investigation of Fraud on the United States Patent & Trademark Office (USPTO) and fraud on International Patent Authorities through violations of international trade treatises arising under Article I of the United States Constitution and further involving the fundamental operation and administration of Justice under the Law in the federal Courts and urgent matters implicating the integrity and operation of Federal and state agencies in estopping Free Commerce, including but not limited to the USPTO, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), actions of the Offices of US Attorneys around the nation, the US Postal Inspectors Office, the US Marshals Service and more. It is ever more apparent with the revelation of the alleged crimes of your predecessor that these crimes and the denials of due process came from a top down set of orders, similar to the alleged war crimes, where even whistleblowers feared coming forward or nothing was done to protect them.Of paramount importance to the interests of the United States is the fact that I, Eliot Bernstein, have been specifically urged by Harry I. Moatz, (Moatz) Director of the Office of Enrollment & Discipline of the USPTO (OED) to seek Congressional legislation to correct these urgent matters impacting the fundamental integrity of the USPTO and adversely impacting the future and development of Inventions and protection of patent rights in the United States with obvious corresponding implications for the future of the US economy and commerce. In this regard, as you will note herein, I am urging the immediate and active involvement of the Office of President and any and all appropriate federal executive powers and agencies to correct these matters herein and protect Article I of the US Constitution, the integrity of the USPTO and Justice system for the future of the United States and for the Hope and desire for Change that brought about your election to the Office of President as the new Executive and instrument for change. BackgroundI write to you as the Original Inventor and Owner of key technologies involving video scaling and imaging processes which were stolen in 1998 and have since been used throughout the United States and across the globe through the value chain of content creation and distribution both software and hardware for the transmission of Internet and Digital Video and Imaging across all spectrums, including, Television, DVD, HD DVD, Chips as well as a mass of applications for Defense, Flight & Space Simulation, including on the Hubble Space Telescope (providing a deeper view into time) and on virtually all Medical Imaging Devices, and more. Technologies heralded as the holy grail and valued in the hundreds of billions to a trillion dollars over the life of the IP, having transformed the world of digital imaging and video that now considered part of daily life.More importantly, I write to you as the Victim of not only the financial crimes but an Attempted Murder, after death threats were made for me to keep the lid on information exposing a Fraud on the USPTO by licensed IP attorneys, at Proskauer Rose LLP, Foley and Lardner LLP, threats became real for my life and the life of my lovely wife, Candice Michelle, and my three sons, Joshua Ennio Zander, Daniel Elijsha Abe Ottomo and Jacob Noah Archie as a result of the Iraqi style Car Bombing of my Mini-Van in Boynton Beach, Florida on or about March 2005. Full pictorial images of this Car Bombing are available for your review at www.iviewit.tv and the fire inspector for the Boynton Beach Fire Department, Rick Lee, Plans Reviewer/Fire Protection Engineer, determined that accelerants were the cause of the bombing. This event was reported to the FBI investigator, Special Agent Stephen Lucchesi (Lucchesi) in the West Palm Beach FBI offices, who also was investigating for several years the Iviewit companies affairs and mainly the crime directly against the United States of Fraud on the USPTO in conjunction with Moatz. Moatz directed me to file with the Commissioner of Patents a complaint notifying the USPTO that Fraud against the United States had occurred in the submission of fraudulent applications to the USPTO as well as on my companies shareholders and me. I also wish to point out as you can see, find and review from the website www.iviewit.tv that Iviewit has a host of shareholders including folks like Ellen DeGeneres[2] who has done an infomercial supporting Iviewit and other performers like Alanis Morissette and more. More recently and surreally Special Agent Lucchesi has gone missing per the FBI, with the case files and this has elevated the matters to The Honorable Glenn Alan Fine (Fine), Inspector General ~ Department of Justice (DOJ) who invoked The Honorable H. Marshall Jarrett (Jarrett) from the FBI Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR) to further investigate, where again we were stonewalled by Bush Justice Department officials who have sought to avoid the matters through obfuscation and dereliction of their duties and oaths versus resolving them according to law. A brute force, top down denial of due process and procedure that precludes me from my inventions, precludes me from pursuing my rights legally and thus constituting a Constitutional violation that denies the core of free commerce, rights to your Intellectual Properties the Founders intended as the backbone of free commerce denied by the very people charged with upholding these rights. The fact that those in charge of protecting ones rights executed the crimes and committed the covered-up makes the crimes even more egregious.At the present moment in time, Presidents Day 2009, neither the Attempted Murder against my life and family nor the multi-year conspiracy to steal my Inventions and Technologies and defraud the rightful and proper owners and interest holders in that Technology have been corrected under Law despite ongoing and continuing actions and efforts by myself and others via the FBI, US Attorneys, US Courts, The European Patent Office, The Japanese Patent Office, The Korean Patent Office, Institute of Professional Representatives before the European Patent Office (epi), State Courts of Florida and New York, The Honorable John Conyers Jr. - Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee and more[3]. The patents remain suspended by the Commissioner of Patents[4] outside the law defined in Title 35 of the Patent Act pending the investigation of charges of Fraud on the USPTO by licensed USPTO attorneys, further denying my rights to monetize my inventions. Since my attorneys stole my inventions by placing them in their own names[5] and the names of non-rightful inventors, Moatz, directed me to seek an Act of Congress because the current laws due to privacy issues and other matters preclude me as the Original Inventor from making changes on stolen patents in others names necessary to convert them back to the true and proper inventors. This precedent setting case has invoked me to seek an Act of Congress on advice of Moatz to have legislation that returns the inventions to the true and proper inventors when Fraud upon the United States has occurred. The Honorable United States Senator Dianne Feinstein (Feinstein) was contacted next with such request for new legislation[6] and we eagerly await actions from her offices, which started with contacting the DOJ, and again appear to have stalled under the corruption that plagued the Bush Administration politicization of the DOJ under Mssrs. John Ashcroft, Alberto Gonzales and Michael Mukasey. This new federal legislation is but one matter for which I am specifically seeking the active involvement of the Office of the President and Congress and any and all appropriate federal agencies herein. Most interestingly although despicably, during the Administration of your predecessor President George W. Bush not a single media report of this Car Bombing was ever reported to this very day and no protections by any law enforcement agency have been implemented to protect me and many others involved who are exposing such crimes, either through the Courts or DOJ. In fact, many conflicts of interest and violations exist within the private legal community involving disciplinary and ethic laws combined with Public Office violations within federal and state government lawyers and agents charged with investigating the complaints, and handling the legal actions, further disabling our efforts at justice while defiling the halls of Justice.It is expressly noted to your Office that the underlying technologies that were stolen and are the subject of my federal lawsuit and request herein are intertwined with the Enron Scandal, Enron Broadband, and the collapse of Arthur Andersen LLP with Enron related parties believed to be connected to various Defendants in my underlying lawsuit. The original parties to the crime have further created an anticompetitive monopolistic patent pooling scheme MPEGLA LLC and others, whereby such anticompetitive actions to convert the royalties everyday from the true and proper inventors of the technologies further impacts daily commerce and free trade and continues to sustain the criminal organization.President OBama, I also respectfully wish to bring to your attention a news source claiming Federal authorities as a source in this information, which indicates an alleged implication for US Senator Charles Schumer in the ongoing Madoff Ponzi Scheme money scandal in Manhattan. I am not making any conclusions on this information nor am I making any accusations. However, I do wish to remind you that, like my case and that of Iviewit herein, Harry M. Markopolos of Boston was trying to blow the Whistle on the Bernard Madoff scam over 10 years ago including an in person meeting with then NYS Attorney General Eliot Spitzer who was supposed to be the Sheriff of Wall Street. I specifically bring this information located on the Internet[7] to your attention both because US Senator Schumer is a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee with influence over the selection of federal judges and prosecutors and also because the NY Post just reported that US Senator Schumer wishes to make his Chief Counsel at the Senate the next US Attorney for the Southern District where my case was filed and where the Wall Street Financial meltdown is still being investigated along with the Madoff scandal. Like Markopolos, I too have been trying to notify proper authorities of a Trillion Dollar scandal, perhaps one of many such patent frauds, involving tremendous liabilities to state and federal agencies that are implicated in the cover-up and fraud named Defendants in the federal lawsuit[8] and have been ignored, despite overwhelming evidence and very real patent suspensions. I urge your Office and staff to pursue diligently all possible implications of this information relating to US Senator Schumer to ensure the Integrity of the DOJ and Offices of the US Attorneys and for the good of the Nation.There are several hundred Iviewit Signed Non Disclosures, Non Competes, Strategic Alliances, Licensing Agreements signed with many Fortune 1000 companies worldwide dating back to 1998 including but not limited to financial institutions, investors, and others as this Technology was deemed the Holy Grail of the Internet and Television by leading experts from Lockheed Martin, Intel Corporation, Silicon Graphics, Inc., AOLTW, Sony and others, by permitting Video at a reduced bandwidth which fundamentally transformed the Internet from a Text based medium to a Multimedia based medium and transformed digital television and video. Injunctive relief has been sought to prevent the illegal monopolization and violations of antitrust law including Sherman and Clayton that would dwarf the Rimm v. Blackberry harm to the public had that injunction not been settled by the court. Injunctive release in this case, while appropriate would effectively halt the transmission of Internet video to even your blackberry device, cripple the digital transmission of television by limiting bandwidth by over 75% thus reducing channel capacity by a similar percentage. Injunction would force a product recall in hardware and software of digital imaging and video products since 1998 unparalleled in the history of invention. Simply reviewing the List of companies nationally and internationally and the law firms involved who spearheaded the crime[9], mainly Proskauer Rose, LLP and Foley and Lardner LLP, should be a stark and clear message to your Administration as to the breadth and scope of Economic implications created by this ongoing RICO conspiracy fundamentally impacting day to day commerce, company trading and mergers, rightful owners and holders of contracts and agreements, and directly impacting the daily choices of billions of consumers worldwide in the internet and related markets. In fact, the largest owner of the Iviewit companies stock is the Small Business Administration (SBA) through SBIC loans to one of the lead investors, Crossbow Ventures of West Palm Beach Florida, making the government one of the largest interest holders in the Intellectual Properties and shareholders of the Iviewit companies. Since the thefts and conspiracies involved herein directly implicate the true owners and holders of Patent rights under Article I, this urgent matter must be addressed by the full force and powers of the Office of the US President to fundamentally protect and uphold the US Constitution in general but specifically including free trade and commerce and Patent law under Article I. It is noted that but one example of the continuing violations of fundamental due process within both state and federal justice systems is that I, Eliot Bernstein, as the original Inventor and Owner of the Technology have Never been permitted an opportunity to Testify and provide evidence or proof in one single proceeding in any state or federal court neither with respect to the Technology or the varying ongoing crimes committed during this period including but not limited to the Iraqi car bombing of my familys Mini-van nor any matter relating to the theft and wrongful misappropriation of the technology and the resulting royalties and license agreements in wrong parties. Remarkably, such fundamental due process denial continues despite the fact that since day one in 1998 I have remained armed with an Arsenal of legal weaponry by way of the hundreds of signed agreements as well as massive evidence that shows the crimes against the United States and many witnesses to the true and correct history regarding the inventions. Incredible and illegal efforts to block my due process rights have occurred at almost every venue relief has been sought to preclude me from the courtroom, which is ironic when I sue several thousands lawyers globally, several states supreme court justices, three state bar agencies, multiple disciplinary agencies, etc.Present and Immediate Threats to the Administration of Justice under the LawThe most imminent and pressing reasons for currently seeking the active involvement of the Office of the US President relates to my recent application made to the United States Court of Appeals of the US Second Circuit specifically seeking an Extension of Time to submit and perfect an Appeal in my federal Rico and 42 USC 1983 and related Complaint filed in the Southern District Court specifically in order for the new United States which officially came about upon your Inauguration as the 44th President to officially intervene and appear in the federal case currently at the US Second Circuit Court of Appeals. A copy of my extension motion[10] referenced herein and respectfully you will note that I specifically referenced that there was a new United States ( or new administration therein ) under Law as the United States had Not officially appeared or intervened in the federal action under your predecessor in Office George W. Bush. As you will note, I specifically requested this relief from the US Second Circuit Court of Appeals and specifically asked the US Second Circuit to take all appropriate steps to seek involvement of the United States and NOTIFY your recently confirmed United States Attorney General Eric Holder and the Solicitor General of the US Dept. of Justice of the ongoing actions in this SDNY federal RICO complaint and specifically seek the Active intervention of the US Attorney General and Solicitor General and all other appropriate offices of the US DOJ to formally Appear and Intervene on behalf of the United States as contemplated under Federal Rule 4 of the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure. In what is viewed as a direct threat to the United States and Article I of the US Constitution and the integrity of the US Patent Office and more, a conflicted and named Defendant in my federal complaint by way of one Catherine OHagen Wolfe (Wolfe) who is presently a Clerk at the US Second Circuit was the conflicted party at the US Second Circuit on behalf of US Judge Ralph Winters who quickly denied my Extension[11] request WITHOUT ever Notifying US Attorney General Holder, nor any official of the United States and simply thrust upon me a short timeframe to submit an Appeal when in fact I have provided ample medical proof of serious medical conditions which prevent me from properly submitting an Appeal in such a short timeframe which does not even consider that I should not be in a position to alone be acting for the interests of United States. Wolfe is directly conflicted as being a Necessary Witness in future proceedings as it was Wolfe herself who helped Uncover widespread corruption and conflict while she worked at the NYS First Department by way of the conflicts of Steven C. Krane former President of the New York State Bar Association of Proskauer Rose LLP who simultaneously represented Proskauer while having an Official capacity at the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division First Department at the very Attorney Discipline Committee investigating. Interestingly, Wolfe obtained her current job at the Second Circuit Court of Appeals while complaints were proceeding from the state courts into the federal courts, placing her in unique position to have influence over the proper adjudications of my claims.What makes this even more egregious and pressing for official involvement by the United States and the Office of President is that my case was marked Related by US SDNY Judge Scheindlin to an ongoing Whistleblower case coming out of the NYS First Dept. DDC involving Whistleblower Christine Anderson who names my companies in her lawsuit where reports have emerged of Death Threats being investigated by the FBI and yet in her conflicted actions in dismissing the related cases to the Anderson Whistleblower case Judge Scheindlin specifically suggested that the Related cases seek involvement of the appropriate US Attorney in these matters. Thus, Second Circuit Judge Winters and Clerk OHagen Wolfe, despite this Specific referral by SDNY Judge Scheindlin to an appropriate US Attorney and my specific request for Intervention by the US DOJ in my extension request have disregarded all of this by the recent actions and I implore your Office that this is sufficient to exercise any and all Executive Powers to Stay matters in this Appeal and/or utilize any and all Executive Powers to seek Formal investigation concerning why Second Circuit Judge Winters and a conflicted Clerk of the Federal Court would Not even bother to seek involvement of the United States in such a landmark case with ongoing crimes and related actions. Therefore, I respectfully seek the involvement of the Office of the President in these matters through all appropriate powers including the initiation of investigations, referring the matter to the US Attorney General Eric Holder for official involvement of the United States, and further in exercising any and all appropriate powers of the Office of President and US Attorney General and Executive federal agencies to seek appropriate Congressional legislation per the recommendation of Moatz and any other and further appropriate action herein. Please feel free to directly contact me or have one of your trusted advisors contact me for any further information you may need in determining your executive powers to ensure free commerce and due process. I am at your service personally if necessary at your convenience in any way to serve my country alongside your administration in restoring our country. In fact, this could be a defining case of your legacy and fulfill your promise to the American People to restore Truth, Justice and the American Way to the Country, the system of Jurisprudence and the financial markets.Both Respectfully and Regretfully Yours, ________________________Eliot I. BernsteinFounder & InventorIviewit Technologies, Inc.cc & ec:The Honorable John Conyers Jr. ~ Chairman, House Judiciary CommitteeThe Honorable Glenn Fine ~ Inspector General, United States Department of JusticeJohn J. Doll ~ Acting Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Acting Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office - Deputy Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Deputy Director of the United States Patent and Trademark OfficeThe Honorable Harry I. Moatz ~ Director, Office of Enrollment & Discipline, United States Patent & Trademark OfficeEric Himpton Holder, Jr. ~ Attorney General, United StatesThe Honorable United States Senator Dianne FeinsteinGene Dodaro ~ Acting Comptroller General of the United StatesDavid A. Paterson ~ Governor, New York StateAndrew Cuomo ~ Attorney General of New York State, State of New York Office of the Attorney GeneralThomas P. DiNapoli ~ Comptroller, State of New YorkCharlie Crist, Governor, State of FloridaGreenberg Traurig, as Counsel for the Florida Public Office DefendantsCNN; MSNBC; FOX; NY TIMES; Washington Post; LA Times; Miami Herald; Other Select Media and Political ContactsIntellectual Property Interest Holders and Iviewit former ShareholdersEnclosure(s)  All Uniform Resource Locators incorporated in entirety by reference herein.cmb[1] The cases currently in federal court are, United States Court of Appeal of the Second Circuit Docket 08-4873-cv United States District Court  Southern District of New York Docket 07civ11196 related to a Whistleblower Case Docket 07 Civ. 9599 (SAS-AJP) Christine C. Anderson v. the State of New York, et al. United States District Court  Southern District of New York[2] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iSS8CHiyBw [3] Exhibit - http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/INVESTIGATIONS%20MASTER.htm [4] Exhibit - http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/USPTO%20Suspension%20Notices.pdf [5] Patent attorney Raymond Anthony Joao has 90+ patents in his own name, rivaling Edison in invention, filing many in applications learned while retained by me to protect my inventions[6] Exhibit - http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/2007%2002%2001%20FINAL%20Senate%20Bill%20Signed.pdf [7]http://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/search?q=schumer andhttp://exposecorruptcourts.blogspot.com/2009/02/schumer-recommends-bharara-for-us.html [8] http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20080509%20FINAL%20AMENDED%20COMPLAINT%20AND%20RICO%20SIGNED%20COPY%20MED.pdf [9] Exhibit - http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/Appendix%20A/index.htm#MPEGLALIST [10] http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090129%20Final%20Extension%20of%20Time%202%20SIGNED%20low.pdf [11] http://iviewit.tv/CompanyDocs/United%20States%20District%20Court%20Southern%20District%20NY/20090206%20US%20Court%20of%20Appeal%20Denial%20of%20Motion%20for%20Ext%20of%20Time.pdfTags: allen stanford, barack hussein obama II, barack obama, elena kagan, eliot bernstein, eric holder, First Department, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, harry moatz, iviewit, JUDITH KAYE, kenneth rubenstein, lockheed, marc dreier, martin glenn, meltzer, MICHAEL GREBE, mpeg, mpegla, ny senate judiciary committee, okun, patent, patentgate, person, proskauer, ralph winter, RAYMOND A. JOAO, sgi, SHIRA SCHEINDLIN, silicon graphics, steven c. krane, thomas cahill, thomas sjoblom, uspto, video, wayne huizenga Posted in Iviewit Current Events |   No Comments Christine C. Anderson ~ Whistleblower at the New York Supreme Court Appellate Division First Department TrialAugust 24th, 2009 The Anderson Ethics Corruption Trial has been moved by U.S. District Court Judge Shira Scheindlin to Monday, August 31, 2009, with the specific addition by the Court that the trial may be additionally postponed..Thursday, April 30, 2009Andersons $10 Million Lawsuit Proceeds Against Corrupt Discipline CommitteeStaff Attorneys $10 Million Lawsuit Proceeds Against Discipline CommitteeThe New York Law Journal byDaniel Wise - April 30, 2009 An attorney who was fired after working six years as a staff lawyer at the 1st Departments disciplinary committee may proceed with a $10 million damage lawsuit that she was discharged in retaliation for claiming her superiors were whitewashing cases, a Southern District of New York judge ruled Monday.However, the judge, Shira A. Scheindlin, threw out the attorneys claim that she had been fired because she is black, in ruling on a summary judgment motion brought by the Office of Court Administration.Christine C. Anderson contended that her June 2007 firing was in retaliation for complaints she made to her superiors at the disciplinary committee that at least nine cases had been handled too leniently because the lawyers being investigated were politically connected or were represented by attorneys who had previously worked for the committee (NYLJ, Oct. 30, 2007).Anderson, who was born in Jamaica, also claimed the committee had discriminated against her on the basis of race, color and national origin.The disciplinary committee operates under the aegis of the Appellate Division, First Department, and Anderson sued the OCA; Thomas J. Cahill, the committees chief counsel during the years Anderson was employed there; Sherry K. Cohen, who became deputy chief counsel and Andersons supervisor in 2003; and David Spokoney, the 1st Departments deputy clerk. With the exception of Cahill, who resigned in 2007 after 10 years in the post (NYLJ, July 23, 2007), the other individual defendants remain at their jobs.The 1st Departments disciplinary committee polices the conduct of attorneys practicing in Manhattan and the Bronx.In allowing Anderson to proceed with her retaliation claim, Scheindlin found that her contention that the committee had whitewashed as many as nine cases touched upon a subject of public concern and was protected under the First Amendment.A jury will have to determine whether the defendants fired Anderson because of the concerns she raised or because she had been insubordinate, as the defendants contend, Justice Scheindlin concluded in Anderson v. State of New York, 07 Civ. 9599.Scheindlin noted that Anderson in a host of e-mails had made evident her hostility toward and refusal to cooperate with Cohen, her supervisor.Nonetheless, Scheindlin ruled that a reasonable jury could find that the defendants refused to remove Cohen as Andersons supervisor so they could use Andersons inevitable resistance to Cohens continuing supervision as a pretext for firing her.PRECEDENT DISTINGUISHEDIn concluding that Andersons complaints touch upon matters of public concern, Scheindlin rejected OCAs argument that Garcetti v. Ceballos, 547 U.S. 410, a 2006 U.S. Supreme Court precedent, was controlling.The attorney generals office, which represented OCA and the individual defendants, contended that Andersons First Amendment claim must be rejected under the authority of Garcetti.The Supreme Court rejected a First Amendment retaliation claim brought by a deputy district attorney who claimed he was fired because he recommended the dismissal of a case. The prosecutor had urged dismissal because a flawed affidavit was used to obtain a search warrant.Rather than raising an issue of public concern, Justice Anthony M. Kennedy wrote in a 5-4 ruling in Garcetti that the prosecutor was acting as a public employee with regard to an internal matter when he fulfill[ed] a responsibility to advise his supervisor about how best to proceed with a pending case.Scheindlin found Andersons case to be patently distinguishable from Garcetti.The prosecutor in Garcetti spoke about a single case pending in his office, she wrote, while Ms. Anderson spoke out about systemic problems at the [disciplinary committee], thereby making her speech protected.Where a public employees speech concerns a government agencys breach of trust, as it does here, she wrote, the speech relates to more than a mere personal grievance and therefore falls outside Garcettis restrictions.DISCRIMINATION CLAIMS FAILScheindlin found that none of the three remarks that Anderson alleged Cohen made had any bearing on her bias claims.One alleged remark  that the homeless are smelly  did not reflect upon a group protected by federal civil rights laws, the judge ruled.The other two alleged comments  that there are too many blacks in the subway and blacks were moving near Cohens vacation home  were not directed at Anderson, unrelated to her discharge and allegedly uttered about one year before her firing, Scheindlin wrote.Anderson also presented deposition testimony from three present or former minority employees who had expressed views that Cohen was biased.Two of those witnesses, one of whom was a lawyer, expressed views that reflected subjective beliefs that are devoid of any factual circumstances linking Cohen to any discriminatory conduct, Scheindlin found.The testimony of the third minority witness, Kenneth Van Lew, an investigator who left the office at the time of his deposition, provided concrete instances in which he believes he was treated less favorably by Cohen than similarly situated Caucasian employees, Scheindlin wrote.But even though Van Lews testimony provided some credible evidence of discrimination, the bias-based claims had to be dismissed, Scheindlin concluded, because there is simply no evidence that any alleged bias had tainted the decision of the ultimate deciding authority, the 1st Departments justices serving upon the courts Departmental Disciplinary Liaison Committee.The state defendants were represented by Assistant Attorneys General Lee A. Alderstein and Wesley E. Bauman. The attorney generals office did not respond to a request for comment.Anderson was represented by John A. Beranbaum of Beranbaum Menken Ben-Asher & Bierman.Tags: eliot bernstein, first department disciplinary, foley & lardner, inventor, iviewit, meltzer, patentgate, proskauer Posted in Iviewit Current Events |   No Comments 