"Why Math is Important in our Lives" - Things to Explain to Kids Who AskHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceElementary, Middle School and High School"Why Math is Important in our Lives" - Things to Explain to Kids Who Ask"Why Math is Important in our Lives" - Things to Explain to Kids Who Ask90rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Lisa HW The question of why math is important usually arises when children have learned how to count, add, substract, multiply, and divide; and they come to believe they know all they need to know to function adequately in life.  After all, if one understands how to keep track of his own money, figure out what it means when a scale shows two additional pounds, or cut a cake so there'll be enough pieces for everyone, what else do we need to know?The littlest children who don't like math can usually understand the explanation that knowing how to handle money, telling time, cooking, sharing things, or knowing how many of any item will be left if some are used, all require knowing math.  Younger children can  usually understand why it's important to know how to measure how tall something is or how heavy it is, and they can usually understand how doing things like wallpapering or hanging window shades call for knowing how to measure.What's not as easy for children of any age, but particularly as kids get older and the math gets more advanced, is to understand how algebra-based math factors into our lives if we are not (or don't plan to have) careers in math-related fields.  Once math starts to seem less "number-ish" and more "algebra-ish" it can start to appear a little more "useless" to kids who aren't math-inclined.When it comes to algebra-related math, it is, of course, easy for kids to understand that there are jobs and careers where knowledge of advanced math is crucial.  In science-related jobs (which include the field of medicine) or math-related jobs it is important to have that solid knowledge of math.  Gaining that solid knowledge starts with the learning the most basic aspects of math and building on it.  Since many students don't know what they'll want to do when they grow up, it makes sense for them to get a foundation in math which will prepare them for college or work, if it turns out they choose a future that will call for knowing advanced math.For those who know - without a doubt - that their future does not include a career in a math- or science-related field, there are still some after-high-school courses or jobs that call for at least some use of math.  For example, some clerical or retail jobs may still require the use of math; and while, these days, most people rely on electronic means to get basic math calculations done, there can still be times when a person's knowledge of math is required.  Besides the possibility of needing math in an otherwise "non-math" job, the person who has a foundation in basic algebra has learned a way to solve problems that are not necessarily math problems.  Algebra is a way to put "labels" on different aspects of a problem, and use a logical approach to see likely outcomes or solutions.  Algebra is a way to "turn anything in life into a math problem" and see an organized, structured, way to think about that problem (sometimes without any numbers even being involved).For example, if I'm trying to figure out how much of my pay I need to put away to buy a prom dress in five months, but my part-time job means working a different number of hours each week, and I'm not sure how much the dress will cost; I could either guess about a "zillion" different amounts of money I'll make each week, over the next five months; and then guess about all the possible prices of prom dresses; and then do a "zillion" different little calculations about all the possible scenarios.  If I do that I'll be looking at pages and pages of a whole bunch of different scenarios, and I still won't have my answer.If I know algebra, I can use it to come up with a formula that will show me how the percentage of pay that I put away each week will have to change (and how much), depending how what I've already earned and how much time is left.Beyond that, though, a person could also use the logic of the "labels" and formulas that algebra offers to help them decide something like whether or not to go to a certain college or leave a marriage.  Our brains have the ability to think logically, but if we don't learn "the language of logic" our brains don't have those "labels" to put on "invisible concepts".  A comparison is this:  Our bodies have the potential to tap dance or perform ballet, but if we don't take dancing lessons we will either not know how to dance properly or all, or we'll learn a superficial way to dance that won't allow us to move beyond that to a more advanced level.  Thinking logically is the same kind of thing, and in order to move beyond "basic logical thinking" on to a more advanced level of thinking logically, we need to learn the steps.  Every person in the world benefits from having an ability to think more logically, whether or not he will ever become a mathematician.  Not only do people, who have learned at least basic algebra, use it to solve problems; but they will also understand when others refer to its principles or to their own approach to a problem, in conversation.  The problem with algebra is that nobody understands its use until they understand algebra, itself.    Once someone has learned algebra he will use it solve problems and wonder how he ever lived without it.  I suppose it's kind of like a person who learns to dance but thinks she will become a chemist when she grows up.  She may not quite know how she''ll ever use that dancing ability, but one day she may find herself in a community theatre production where a dancer is needed, or teaching someone else to dance, or using dance as a way to exercise.While algebra-related math leans to "higher thinking", geometry-related math is a more "Earthly" math.  Although there are professions/jobs that rely heavily on a solid, advanced, understanding of geometry, like algebra, having at least a basic knowledge of it is something that is useful in "regular" life, as well.   People who do woodworking as a hobby use geometry, but the person who learning exercises for fitness or dance steps may be told that their arm should be at a specific angle.  Knowing what that means requires knowing geometry too.  Having a basic understanding of things like shapes, angles, lines, depth, or volume is something that (although we may not use this knowledge every day in our lives)  allows us to function in a world that generally expects at least a basic understanding of these things.  Whether we are hearing the explanation of how a plane crashed, or following assembly instructions for something we've purchased, that very basic knowledge of geometry lets us be "on the same page" as the rest of the "non-math" world. If you got a group of eighteen-year-olds together, they may talk about something like world events or the presidential election; but they may also talk about their own "world" of the latest fashions, music, friends, and school-related things.  The 55-year-old person may be at a complete loss to have anything to offer, or to understand, what all those younger people were talking about.  Those young people would have their own interests and even language, and they would have knowledge about things like the latest recording artist that other people may not have.The grown-up world that includes a whole range of people over a certain age  (living their lives, cooking, working, having hobbies, managing money, planning, etc.) has its own language too; and that language often includes references to, or the need to understand, at least a basic level of math (including algebra and geometry).  There are a lot of things that people in the grown-up world run into that they wouldn't have realized they would when they were younger.  Math isn't just about whether we work in a math- or science- related field.  It's about understanding the world around us and functioning in it.When we learn how to do the most basic math calculations when we're in the lower, primary, grades we may build on that knowledge and eventually become wizards in the field of finance.  Then again, we may only use what we learn to calculate our grocery bill or figure out how much we've lost in the stock market.   When we learn the aspects of math that are related to algebra and geometry it's the same kind of thing.  We may build on that knowledge, or we may simply use what we learn at the basic level when we're called upon to use it in day-to-day living.There are also times when we don't plan to take a job in math, but we find ourselves faced with a possible promotion to a different job, based on whether or not we have basic knowledge of math.Words are, of course, useful in this world; but words can only be used to accomplish some kinds of things.  Words help us paint a picture of the world, but numbers and math give us the tools we need to understand how the the world and the universe work.  For students who are naturally inclined to enjoy, and be good at, math, the understanding of math's place in the world comes naturally.  When students are more inclinded toward verbal skills and/or the arts, their interests and hobbies often are not activities that involve math.  As a result, they can live their lives as students, never quite seeing the "use" of math for anyone who doesn't plan to build a career on it.What makes the situation more difficult is that students who don't particularly care about math often don't pay much attention in class or else don't learn it very easily.  With math, the better an understanding a student has of how "all of math fits together", the more readily its use will become apparent.As a kid, I didn't have any particular problems learning math, but verbal areas were "my thing".  Math, for me, was the first homework to go when I didn't plan to do all my homework - and even when I did.  Even with that, I did well enough on the math SAT's.  What I eventually discovered, however, was that once I moved out of that youthful world of being a student and kid; and moved into the grown-up world of working, having children, managing finances, keeping a home, and planning for our futures, I discovered - much to my surprise - that I actually used the math I had learned and had never believed I would.Even more to my surprise, I discovered that I had never really seen the larger picture when it came to math.  Once I was grown-up I realized that math wasn't just a subject in school, and a bunch of little pieces of information or tricks to learn that didn't relate to one another.  As an adult, I came to see that all those little "pieces" of math we learn in school are like puzzles pieces; and when we grow up, at least some of us can see how all those pieces fit together and create one, big, sensible, picture that helps us understand, and function in, the world.(Note:  By the way, to all those girls who like English better than math, do you know that you can use algebra to figure out things related to the patterns of your reproductive cycle?  People who have learned algebra often find it comes handy with family planning later.  Who would have thought it?) Encouraging Girls to Achieve in Mathvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome Beautiful How to Plan A Child's Home Birthday PartyHow to Inspire Love of Reading in ChildrenCommentsHein Marais2 years ago Great Hub. Keep on creatingAlwahsh2 years ago good article , thanksyasser22 months ago it did not explain anything abt why maths is needed in our lives.so it was useless reading.pathetic articleLisa HW22 months ago Maybe it is useless reading, but I thought it pointed out (but maybe didn't paint a clear enough picture for some) that math is used in adult life both to solve "number" problems and to give us the "thinking tools" to use logical in "regular"/non-math aspects of life.I gave a quick thought to why someone would find this hub useless and came up with two likely reasons.  The first is that I could perhaps have done a better job painting a clearer picture, rather than assuming any readers would see the individual ideas and put the picture together for themselves.  I suppose I approached things as I did because I was aiming at secondary-school students, rather than younger ones.  I didn't want to "talk down" to adolescents or teens if they read the thing.  Also, I didn't want to re-create what their past teachers may have tried to explain with no luck, either because a student just had too much trouble understanding or because the teacher hadn't thought of a unique way to successfully help the student see the use of math.Another reason someone may find this hub useless could be that there are three types of people:  1. "Math people" who aren't very skilled at reading/writing or using skills generally associated with the "verbal side of the brain".  2.  "Verbal people" who are very skilled with language but have real trouble with skills associated with the "math side of the brain".  3.  People who skilled, in varying degrees, at using both the "math side" and "verbal side" of the brain.   There are all different cognitive skills, and people can have a mix of of how well they do with any or all the different cognitive abilities.If a "math person" read this hub s/he would probably be looking for a different approach to writing, and may not be looking for writing that was less specific but more aimed at bridging the gap in perceived purposes for math.  (My approach may have been unsuccessful, but that was my reasoning for it.)If a "hopelessly math-averse "verbal person"/hard-core hater-of-math read the hub, s/he may be so unfamiliar with the kind of thinking math helps us to use once we're grown up; s/he would be someone who would very likely keep having trouble understanding the whole point of math until s/he got older and saw for him/herself.  Also, however, some people may never quite see the point of math, no matter how old they get.Describing exactly how math gives us a whole different way of thinking (even if we're not thinking about our checkbooks or profits in a business) is difficult; and that's probably why so many students so often have trouble understanding that.  On the other hand, it isn't enough to tell students, "You'll use it to manage your bank account" or "manage your business".  Here's the new "old" answer to those points, "My computer has a calculator in it, so I won't use it for that," and "I'll just hire someone for any business I ever have (and I don't plan to have a business anyway)".Many students who don't have the benefit of having their "math-associated" thinking skills be particularly advanced (maybe simply because of their age, or maybe, too, because young people can be more prone to emotions that can affect that kind of thinking) could be said to be "trying to get blood out of stone" if they try understand the ways math can help us think in ways that are different from the ways that often most come naturally to us.Thats why so many adults often just tell young people, "You don't have to know how you'll use it.  Learn it now and see how you use it later."  Maybe people should just say, "Learning math helps build your brain in general."  Saying that, without explaining the kinds of things I tried to explain (even if I failed to adequately do that for some reason) would not, however, answer the question about why we need to learn math; because the next question would have been, "but how does it help us build our brains".I tried to use an "everyday language" approach in addressing this subject; but I'm under no illusions that my approach will be useful for every reader.Felix Xaver22 months ago sorry about that last comment my actual name is felix xaverKeith21 months ago Very interesting read.  I am a math tutor and I commonly find my students complaining that there is no reason they should have to know or learn these things and that they will never need to know these things later in life.  My answers tend to be similar to yours, but I have not been as good at articulating them and this article should help.  Still, I wish that I could have more concrete examples for how it is helpful to learn math.Lisa HW21 months ago Keith, thanks.  That "concrete" example thing is, I think, everyone's biggest challenge in explaining to kids.  It's easy to point out how, if they don't know "day-to-day" math they'll run into problems with things like checkbooks, sales, salaries, or whatever other "day-to-day" uses there are for math.  The Algebra/Geometry thing can be more difficult when they know they aren't headed for professions that focus on those things.I think Geometry is pretty much something everyone does use, even if they don't call it that.  Maybe the simplest and most common example of how we refer to Geometry in day-to-day conversation is when someone is telling someone else how to do something and says something like, "Hold it at a 45 degree angle".  It isn't exactly using Geometry, but I wonder if kids are told something like, "Geometry, besides actual applications, is another type of language that is in used by everyone in life; so, if nothing else, just learning what these terms mean will give you the knowledge that most other people have," whether that would punch holes in the "I-don't-need-to-know-this" argument/belief.My personal use of Algebra (in a day-to-day, non-math-job-related, way) is in being able to form a picture of, or see the process by which, I can approach (or get a reading on) any life problem that is not particularly math-related or not math-related at all.One example might be this:  If I'm going to have a party and invite x number of vegetarians, and x number of non-vegetarians; I may to need adjust the ingredients of dishes according to how many of each group are going to come.  There may be several dishes planned, with several different combinations of ingredients in each.  If I don't yet know how many people of each group are coming, but I still want to plan a shopping list; I may use Algebra to create basic equations that will give me a "framework" for the meal planning, even if it does not - at the immediate point in planning - give me exact amounts of each ingredient.  It's more complex than there's room to detail here, of course; but suppose there were ingredients that would be going in several dishes, but not necessarily all dish; while there would also be ingredients going only in individual dishes.  That "framework" could offer a way to plan, even without the exact numbers of different people in each group.Equations could also be used to know my minimum grocery bill and maximum grocery bill, while painting a clear picture of approximate expenses based on very simple variations in numbers of guests.Another even "less math-y" use might be in deciding whether to take a vacation in June or July, and turning things like the "pros", "cons", and/or other factors that would influence the decision into an equation.  Assigning "non-number" factors letters, and turning the problem into an equation can give that reading/framework that would show something like how much the weather or the amount of money to spend at any given time would impact the vacation.  Again, I know I'm not giving details; but it's 3:30 a.m., and there's only so much space here.  You must know what I mean, though.  I guess my approach to trying to explain to kids would be telling that that there are ways to approach problems/decisions through logic, and that Algebra will give them the language/tools they need to use that logic.  We can't perform ballet if we haven't learned the "moves", and we can't play a song on a musical instrument if we haven't learned the "move" - Algebra is a matter of "learning the moves" in solving problems with logic.   It can put any problem, not just a math problem, into some order that allows us to see that "picture of the problem" and "process by which the whole picture may change" .  Besides all that, Algebra, too, is a language that most people use.  If nothing else, kids need to realize that a lot of references get made in day-to-day life; and it doesn't hurt to know what people are talking about.  How often do we hear someone say something like, "The problem of heart disease incidents among women increases exponentially when.....".  Someone who had not learned that one, simple, little, thing would not have a real picture of what the person meant by saying that one, simple, thing.WeddingConsultant21 months ago Math was absolutely my favorite subject growing up, despite all my friends hating it. Math is quite important, as you said in the above comment, for everyday use- checkbooks, calculating calories, salaries, etc.EMILY15 months ago I HATE IT WHO EVER WROTE IT BUT I LIKE MATHLisa HW15 months ago EMILY, GOOD TO KNOW.lani15 months ago what a nice answers 2 my very own questionsLisa HW15 months ago lani, thanks.empeen15 months ago It is good post.It really explains importance of math and its difficulties in lower class. thank youLisa HW15 months ago empeen, thanks.meha15 months ago that was friggin stu[idLisa HW15 months ago meha, lots of things and people are stupid; and what/who any of us thinks is stupid just depends on our own definition of what "stupid" is.I'm sure there are others who will share the opinion you've expressed in somewhat less than eloquent, less than well typed, remark.  By the way, I believe the word is spelled, "frigging" - not "friggin".  It's an easy spelling mistake, though, if you travel in circles where people don't pronounce their words correctly.donna12 months ago :):):):):):):):):):):):)shivani11 months ago cool! I love math, and after reading this article I sort of love math more than before....thnx Lisa! But the article is toooooo loooong.... could you please shorten it?Lisa HW11 months ago shivani, thanks - and I know what you mean about "long".  Writers often have the challenge of finding the right balance between too-short-and-being-insufficient" and "too-long-in-the-interest-of-being-comprehensive-but-instead-being-just-too-long".  It's definitely a challenge for me, in particular.   :)   Thank you for patiently reading, though.  Readers are always appreciated.  I'll keep the constructive in mind.   :)ericka8 months ago this solve my questinons.... thanks lisa!!!!Marie7 months ago Lisa, this article is very good!!! I do agree with others that it is too long...just curious, who was your target audience for this article? You use some words that make it seem like you are trying to talk to professors? (are you a professor?) anyway, thanks againLisa HW7 months ago Marie, thanks.  Point taken about the length.  I know that not everyone appreciates a longer Hub.I probably shouldn't admit this, but I didn't have any particular target audience.  Someone wrote a request for a Hub about what we (parents) can tell kids about "why math is important in our lives".  I just answered it.I suppose, in the back of my mind, the target audience was students (and parents) who lean more toward verbal skills areas and toward the "human skills" not particularly associated with math.  I just "gave the speech" I'd give to any kid who asks that all-too-common question about why ("on Earth") anyone needs to know math if he isn't going to work in a math-related field.  People who love math won't particularly see much in this Hub, but I guess I thought using a "verbal-person-to-verbal-person" approach might share with kids what schools (and math teachers, in particular) often don't manage to.So, I guess my target audience was verbal people of all ages.Your "professor" comment is kind of funny, I guess (and not necessarily a compliment, I'm assuming)  LOL    I just write the way I talk.  The difference is that when I talk I make sure I use a tone and voice (that doesn't show up in writing, although I try) that comes across in a "folksier" way. It's a problem I know I sometimes have with writing, but I don't really know how to write/talk any other way.  LOL   (I'm not a professor, by the way.  :)  )cameciob7 months ago Lisa, This is a great hub and i'm glad you wrote it. I used to like math but somehow, in high-school, I got lost with "other things" and now I'm sorry. Over the years I realized that what I wanted to do for my carear needed a lots of math. I hope others won't make my mistake.Lisa HW7 months ago cameciob, thank you.   :)  I was alright enough with math, but I only took some of the courses I took in high school because they were required to get into college.  If they weren't, and if I had my way, I would have taken yet more English-related courses.Once I got into adulthood and discovered I was actually using some of that math I'd been required to learn, I realized how unfortunate it is that so many students don't really see "what they'll ever need some math for" when they're not planning to go into a math-related field.  Sometimes I wonder, too, whether even those students who enjoy "how it all works" when it comes to math realize the ways in which "non-math" people will still need/use math.shivangi6 months ago though i did not like ur article but it helped me in my math project so thanksLisa HW6 months ago shivangi, not everybody's going to like an article, so that's fine. Online writers like me often whip up these articles, out of our head ,while watching a half-hour or hour-long show on TV at night; so we don't expect everyone to like everything.  If a student can use it in some way, great.  It gives someone like me a way to use some free time that feels more worthwhile than, say, video games.BARBIE 6 months ago I JUST LOVE MATHS YARRRRRRRR BECAZ THEY R NOT BORING N SOMETIMES INTERESTING THEN VIDEO GAMES N NOT SLEEPY LIKE GEO N HISTORY N N N MUCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH  BETTER THAN CIVIES FOR ME MATHS IS JUST A GAME OF MINDDDDDD JUSSSSST DOOOO IT...............SONAKSHI5 months ago I THINK IT WAS JUST A OK SORT OF ANSWER I THINK IT COULD HAVE BEEN BETTERLisa HW5 months ago Sonakshi, feel free to share your better answer.  Keep in mind the aim is to use words that "non-math" kids will relate to.anant5 months ago motivating*Brittany3 months ago Ok, I understand what they're trying to say, how so many things in life can be solved with algebra math, but would there ever be a time when a person who dislikes math would EVER use it??? I am a math hater and I would never let it decide things for me in such a way. I mean geeze make a list of pro's and con's, it will preform the same function. Basic math is very important but algebra is useless to the average person.Lisa HW3 months ago Britanny, yes. Depending on the person, there are times when someone would use Algebra to solve problems, even if that person dislikes (but did learn the basics of) math.  It isn't that people use math to "decide" something.  Let me think of an example...Suppose you know what your months bills are, but you don't know how much you'll be being paid each month.  Suppose you want to plan your Christmas budget, or plan a party.  Because you don't have the exact figures (when it comes to what your check will be) you may have to resort to "Algebra thinking" in order to come up with a plan of action, in spite of not having the exact figures.One reason people think they're "math haters" is either that they don't do well in it easily; or else because they "don't see the point".   I think what happens to a lot of people is they learn "the basics" of something like Algebra, and just by having learned it (and without really planning to), they're kind of automatically start to use it when trying to solve problems, make plans, etc.Algebra isn't useless to the "average person".  It helps people learn a different way of thinking, that has nothing to do with either Algebra, math, or even "deciding by numbers".It's kind of like this:  If you've never learned to dance (as in the kind of dancing people learn with dancing lessons), you may hear music, feel like dancing (let's say tap dancing or classic ballet), and do some "half baked" version of dancing.  On the other hand, if a person has learned to dance "the right way", if he hears music and feels like dancing - he's going to REALLY dance.If you make some lists of pros and cons you may find that you don't have the information to fill in on either or both sides of the list.  If/when you don't, that's when knowing Algebra comes in handy.   :)Estrella3 months ago This is a gay website(:im kiddinqLisa HW3 months ago Estrella, thank you for your glowing comment!    (I'm kidding too.   :)  )MathSucks 5032 months ago i dont understand why they even bother teaching crap like long division and algebra if ya dont even have to use them in your everyday life i guess its only taught because there are those stupid tests THINK ABOUT THIS PEOPLE!!!!!!Lisa HW2 months ago Math Sucks 503, people do use math in everyday life.  It just comes up, and it a lot of times it comes up in some way that involves not wanting to, or being able to, use a calculator/computer.  Being able to do basic math is part of being an educated/thinking society, and it's a real disservice to kids/students not to offer them the most basic elements of education.  One of the most "effective" ways to keep people oppressed is to make sure they are not educated, so being offered a basic education on something as fundamental as being able to perform math calculations is aiming to make sure today's students don't grow up as "mental incompetents" in their day-to-day life and thinking.  I've addressed the way learning Algebra helps people have a better ability to think even in non-math-related circumstances, so I won't go into that again here.Something to think about, too, is that our brain's ability to function is based on brain connections (synapses).  There are many, many, areas/kinds of thinking, often associated with different parts of the brain.  All areas of the brain need to keep being used/exercised through a lifetime.  In young children if parts of the brain aren't used brain cells, or the ability to form connections, can be lost.  In middle-aged and elderly people, keeping all parts of the brain active/exercised can help fend off premature/unnecessary aging of the brain.Believe me, I wasn't the biggest fan of math class in junior high and high school, but when I was in elementary school (which is the age when kids learn basic things like long division) I was at the top of my class as far as grades (including math) went.  Later, when I took the SATs I did better than average.I don't work in a math-related field today, but even with what what I've just said above about my own ability/academic achievement (or lack of it) in math I run into times in my day-to-day life when I'd be better off if I knew more than "just the basics".  At least, though, I'm not like so many people I know who actually struggled with some of the small ways in which one form of math crops up, one way or another, in day-to-day life.Those tests that you think are stupid are your school's way of trying to make they do their job in helping students have one of the most important and fundamental aspects of education - math literacy.  With only reading literacy, a student essentially has half an education (and, believe me, half an education is close to no education at all).Don't listen to all those people who say schools "teach to the test".  Of course, they "teach to the test".  If a kid can pass a math test it means he can do his math.  That's the whole point of teaching students what they need to learn as far as those basic elements of reading literacy and math literacy go.  Getting just those two vital forms of literacy into kids' heads still doesn't mean giving them a good or great education, but at least it does mean they'll graduate with that basic reading literacy and math literacy that are the two different foundations on which learning in school, or in life; and thinking, are based.Obviously, people don't use what they don't know.  The person who can't do division will always be at the mercy of electronics if he needs to divide.  The person who never learns Algebra will never know how to use it in his everyday thinking and logic, whether or not the situation involves math.  The world is full of people who either settle for, or have been failed enough by the schools, living with less knowledge and ability than "everyone else has".The world is also full of people who live happy lives with one disability or another.  A person who can't walk can be happy and successful, but life would be better and easier for him if he could walk.  A person who has a disability when it comes to learning "school stuff" can live a happy enough life but may have to settle for work (and pay) that isn't based on having gotten a good education.If a student has no learning disability and only suffers from lack of interest in math (often because teachers don't make math interesting to some students), it would be pretty unfortunate for that perfectly able-brained student to have to live his life not knowing how to do "basic-life" math as well as anyone else who has gotten a basic education does.Some people live life ignorant about all the ways in which all kinds of education make a person and his life better.  Others live life knowing how important a basic education is, and always feeling a little inferior to everyone else because they didn't get the education that most other people do.Others get to live their adult lives without either remaining ignorant of the value of basic education, or else feeling bad about themselves because they know they didn't get one.  This third group of people just get to graduate, go on into their future, and never being hindered by lack of adequate education in the basics (or lack of level/type of thinking that a basic education in math can help a person develop).Every student can choose which of the above three groups he wants to be for the rest of his life.  Besides, the point almost isn't whether or when you'll use something like long division in your day-to-day life.  Life is better and easier when you're a person who knows you can do something like long division if you want to.  I've lived over 30 years of adult life as someone who doesn't work in a "math field"; and, believe me, the need to do division without having or trusting a calculator DOES come up from time to time.  THINK ABOUT THAT, Math Sucks 503.   :)Natasha2 months ago Am 11 and i know alot thank you so much i understand and i will work harder in maths cos it importantLisa HW2 months ago Natasha, sorry I took so long to see your comment here.  (I don't know how I missed it before.)   Good luck with your math studies, and thank you for sharing here.   :)Amy Broderick7 weeks ago Didnt give me exactly wat i need 2 no but it waz kinda helpful!!!:(Lisa HW7 weeks ago Amy, sorry it didn't, but thanks for mentioning it was at least a little helpful.  Thank you for the feedback.George6 weeks ago I like the way you have taken time to answer every comment. Personally I am not very maths inclined, so I have to wonder if applying mathematical concepts to every situation I find myself in is the most effective or enjoyable way to approach life. :s Was I using maths just then?naomi6 weeks ago i just thin maths is boring and uninterseting alothough it does come into our lifes as we grow up.Lisa HW6 weeks ago naomi, thanks for commenting.  I pretty much think there's a lot of things a lot of us have for subjects in school, and that we think is boring until we're older and realize we're glad we learned them.Matt5 weeks ago People like Math so I am a People. it make me happy everyday when we are having a lessonSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites97Lisa HWFrom Massachusetts1232 Followers305 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by Lisa HWFollow Lisa HWSubscribe to Lisa HW's RSS feedAnswers The QuestionWhy is Math important in our lives?  My daughter ask me this question because she's not very good in math.asked by pure_buen 2 years ago10 answersAnswer this question Ask a QuestionAsk Lisa HW a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsI started home-schooling my Kindergartner this year and my preK as well. Everything is going...asked by i8ajellybean 11 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionwhat is the lightest 20 elements contain almost all the elements of life.and three elements alone (hasked by amzok85 16 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsWhy Preschool Education Is Important For Your Childby rebekahELLELearning made easy for kids.by lotuslove19Russian Multiplicationby Manna in the wildPreschool Should be Messyby Sarah LoveESL Describing a Personby justmesuzanneHow To Deal With An Angry Person / Live With Someone With...by Shil1978 Elementary, Middle School and High School ForumTopicRepliesShould we abolish teacher's unions?posted by Stevennix200146Todays Education Systemposted by jillfil06Idiomsposted by Alphabet Rioa0Post a new topic54 more topics Tagslife education math numbers algebra learning math Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.24 sec)  working