Which is Better Private School or Public SchoolHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceElementary, Middle School and High SchoolPublic School vs Private SchoolWhich is Better Private School or Public SchoolWhich is Better Private School or Public School88rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy GeneralHowitzerIt takes a village to raise a child. - African ProverbSchool is an institution where our kids well learn a lot of things that could help them become more responsible and productive citizens in our society. It is the place where education is given importance as our kids learn values, knowledge and necessary skills that may be of great help by the time theyll become adults. It is the place where our kids will experience memorable moments that theyll cherished in the years to comeand it is also a playground where theyll get involve with series of extra-curricular activities that will hone their socialization skills. The school also gives our kids the opportunity to further hone their God-endowed talents like in music, arts, sportsand the likes. The possibilities that will benefit our kids are indeed endless. Since school is important sometimes we are stucked with this question: What is better Public School or Private School? Having taught already in private school and studied in public school,I have an Bird's eye view ofwhich is better.However, I can only speak of the setting here in the Philippines same scenario might be happening in other countries or otherwise different.Reasons Why We Need to Study Mathematics SubjectsWhether we like it or not mathematics is part of our life already and no matter where we go, we will inevitably stumble upon numbers, and mathematical calculations (discounts, changes, calculations, etc.). In...The Importance of Sports in Your Kid's LifeWhat is elementary life without sports? Probably boring and lifeless as it is. Sports is vital in the very young lives of your kids for it gives them a lot of things to learn about life aside from...Pros and cons of Attending in Private SchoolSecurity  Most private schools have tighter security than that of their counterpart which is the public schools. Private schools tend to hire more security guards because they have the luxury doing so. Quality of Students  Most students that attend in a public school are rich, and some of them are spoiled brats, sorry for the French. These kinds of students are the ones that make life difficult for teachers and even to their classmates as they are often involve in troubles in the school. Teachers here should know the classroom management well to prevent any untoward event to happen.Quality of Teachers  Some private schools here in the Philippines hire unlicensed teachers. However this scene is slowly being phased out since the Department of Education and Culture and Sports (DECS) are now strict with the hiring of the private schools teaching personnel Things seemed to be equal though for qualities of work dished out by these teachers are constantly monitored, in other words, private school teachers can pass the standards and perhaps better.Facilities  In Philippines, The private school facilities including computer rooms, laboratories, and sports are considered to be better than that of the public schools.Quality of Lessons Taught  The lessons taught in private school tends to be more advance than that of the public schools, however no matter how advance the lesson, execution still playsa vital part Lessons should be given and taught by the teachers to the best ofabilities and make sure that students learn and mastered the lesson well.Moral Values  Private Christian schools tends to be conservative and protective with norms and standards they set and implements. Most Christian Schools here in the Philippines produces well-behaved students.Tutorial Help For KidsAs an instructor and been a teacher before, I also experienced tutoring students. My experienced doing all of these things I hope gives me the right to whip out a hub that to discern when to get the help of...Useful Tips and Pointers to Help Your Kids Write WellWritten languages are evident in our daily life, we use it communicate with other people and without it we consider the world we live in helpless and of no significance. The written languages encompasses our... Read some of my articles related to this hub.How to help Your kids prepare and Pass tests Tests are truly difficult as far as our kids are concerned but teamwork and collaboration between parents and their kids will surely spell the difference read more The Importance of Sports in Your Kid's Life- What is elementary life without sports? Probably boring and lifeless as it is. Sports is vital in the very young lives of your kids for it gives them a lot of things to learn about life aside from entertainment and cool moments with friends. Immersing our kids in various sports is truly a valuable endeavor for the things it could bring to our well-loved ones is priceless and even valuable as they get older read more How to Help Your Kids Survive Homework - Homework Help Vital to Child Learning. Homework or also known as assignment is part of the learning process your kids should go through in school read more Pros and cons of Attending in Public SchoolSecurity  Elementary Schools normally doesnt experience any problems with security, however, there is a big problem in public high school here in the Philippines. Since children came from families with different social background, more brotherhoods and fraternities seemed to develop and it is disturbing. Quality of Students  Public school is a mixture of extremes, meaning it is an institution where you can find the very bright students and at the same time the ones that find learning very difficult. In most national contest such as Quiz Bee, news writing and the likes students from public schools normally takes the highest plum although the students from private are also very capable. The very bright students of the public school have a small edge over that of the students in private school.Quality of Teachers  All teachers here in the Philippines are Board Passers, but since they are not constantly monitored with their respective principal or superiors, public school teachers tend to get relaxed, be succinct and sometimes tend to be lsluggish in giving out a decent and comprehensive lesson plan that they could use to teach students effectively. But this observation doesnt tend to generalize but in most cases, this state of the behavior with respect to public teachers is common here.Facilities  In Philippines, the facilities of the public school lags behind that of the private school, no doubt. But since there are more bright students and very innovative teachers in the public school, resourcefulness and creativity makes both ends meet in terms of using present resources and even indigenous to compensate for what is lackingQuality of Lessons Taught  Private schools definitely have the edge, but many public high schools have special Science section that could compete with that of the private school. Moral Values  since public schools tend to be the melting pot of different students with different status in life most likely there are some students that lack manners and this can cause domino effect on the other classmates and students. But overall the public school teachers will exhort to all kinds of effective teaching method and employ classroom management to correct and erect right values needed by the students.Conclusion: Practicality, schools security, and quality of teachers, facilities and environment will truly determine your choice of school which will suit your kids. Sometimes the place to attend school is not the issue, because what will boils down at the end is what your kids learned, and acquired in his school. Student factor is still the best, your kid is still the one that earns the grade and if he gets very lucky then even obtain accolades. It is also advisable that parents regularly monitor the performance of their kids and offer the much-needed help in aiding them to understand their lessons. If these is resolved you can now scrutinize which best suits your kids best.Suggested Links: Patience Quotes and Quotes on Attitude.My 29th Hub in the HubChallenge. Curious George's First Day of SchoolAmazon Price: $0.40List Price: $3.95Eureka 849924 Teacher Reward KitAmazon Price: $15.07List Price: $15.99School!: Adventures at the Harvey N. Trouble Elementary SchoolAmazon Price: $6.94List Price: $12.99A Fine, Fine SchoolAmazon Price: $3.48List Price: $6.99X-Acto School Pro Heavy-Duty Electric Sharpener (1670)Amazon Price: $28.14List Price: $59.99Learning Resources Pretend and Play School SetAmazon Price: $21.97List Price: $36.99School: The Story of American Public EducationAmazon Price: $19.14List Price: $24.00Mouse's First Day of SchoolAmazon Price: $5.61List Price: $13.99The Hudson River School: 2011 Wall CalendarAmazon Price: $6.99List Price: $13.99Money and Kids -  Tips for Helping Your Kids With MoneyTeaching kids about money, especially in these times of rampant consumerism, is crucial and parents have an important role.  Helpful tips in easy to understand age bands along with tips for parents are included. - 13 months agoAdvantages of getting online degree against formal schoolingAdvantages of getting online degree against formal schooling  With the onset of Internet technology it brought so much ease to the present generation. For those who dont have the capability to attend... - 13 months agoEasy Snow and Ice ExperimentsIdeas for simple but cool science experiments about snow and ice that will get kids interested in learning about nature's frozen wonders.  Includes exploding ice, making frost, snow, and icicles, salt, and dry ice. - 13 months agoHomeschooling and the Public School ResourcesHomeschooling is growing at amazing rates. Just in the last ten years it has increasedover 74%. This is not just a passingfad. It is not anything new. Schooling in the familys home has... - 13 months agoParenting gifted childrenBeing agood parent is a difficult job, being a parent to a bright child is even morechallenging because the tendency is to become bogged down in the day to daytasks of raising children and forgetting about... - 13 months agovote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Education: How to Help Your Kids Prepare and Pass TestsEducation: Tips in Making Thesis in IT Related Course in the PhilippinesCommentsLyria13 months ago I went to a private elementary school and then to a public high school. I was way ahead of most the material that was being taught in the public high school although I lacked in social skills and had a narrow perspective on many issues. Needless to say, I learned how to get along with kids from all types of backgrounds in the public school which can't be taught in the classroom.Hub Llama13 months ago Seems pretty generic, although I don't know much about school in the Philippines. Here in America, it all depends on the school district and the private school.Money Glitch13 months ago You are right General there are pros and cons to both public and private school education.  Most of my friends that can afford it have chosen to send their kids to private school for the education with at least a year of public school to become well rounded in exposure to what the world is like as a whole.jobister13 months ago I went to an private elementary school in a 3rd world country and then when I moved to the U.S. I started high school. I was way ahead in many of the courses compared to the other freshmen high school kids. I think it was a result of me going to a private school outside of the U.S. The private & public schools in my opinion within the U.S. are pretty low in actually providing education. My public high school was good but the expertise of the teachers lacked severely compared to that of private schools. In the end I don't think it matters whether one goes to private or public schools. It comes down to the parents, student and finally the teachers. The parents to provide the right guidance and motivation, the student to have the will to learn and follow the guidance provided by parents & teachers. The teachers for they will leaving a lasting impression their students, whether it be a positive or negative one. Just my 2 cents.GeneralHowitzer13 months ago @lyria - both sides have their strengths and i think It is better if you experienced attending in both... :D@ Hub LLama - thanks for the visit you have a nice avatar... gives me an impression you are from South America...@MG - yeah sometimes you need to consider the resources you have...Thanks a lot guys for the visit... :DBrendon Floyd10 months ago I think both private and public schools are set up to provide education to different populations (I am only talking about schools within the U.S., I do know enough about schools outside the U.S). The idea of the public school is to provide equal education to all regardless of ability (inclusion) and the private school can pick and choose their students. I personally think public schools are better because of the exposure a student gets to race, class. gender and social issues. A private school simply does not have this exposure because it does serve the same population. However, I think it comes down to districts and location. Each school, public and private, have their own unique set of positive and negative attributes.Aussieteacher9 months ago My experience is with schools in Australia.  I was lucky enough to have had the ability to get my children into private schools (one on a half scholarship) and I am pleased about the results.  Two of my grand children go to a private school, and it is awesome. Expensive, with good facilities, and in Australia no need for security.GeneralHowitzer9 months ago @ Aussie - good for you there thanks a lot for the visit...@ bfloyd - yeah it is indeed.. thanks for the visit...Maximum A3 months ago very informational hub. not all kids from private school are spoiled brats, but ur right it's the general picture :-p there are public schools that are way above private schools, like the Regional Science High School in Gusa, but as you've mentioned, the problems with public schools are the lack of facilities (or proper maintenance) and enough quality materials. the gov't gave several computers to public schools years ago, but they were never used because there was no technician and computer teacher. sad...public schools should be on par with private schools. the phil. gov't should really look into it.GeneralHowitzer3 months ago Thanks a lot for the visit!Abecedarian7 weeks ago I went to public school, many of my friends to private. I felt my education was better, they lacked academic skills, but were great with social skills. I think it truely depends on the Superintendet of the school. You are only as good as you are trained and held accountable.RHVANKAR7 weeks ago the SCHOOL IS THE HOLY TEMPLE ON THE EARTH,BOTH PRIVATE AND PUBLIC SCHOOLs GROWing THE CHILDHOOD!THE MOST THING IS THAT IN THE SCHOOL WE LEARN THE TRUTH?today we use the high technology for haking the data of others!!what we earn by this type of progress!use of electricty in the business of sex?IS this is necessary? the sex education in the schools?this is the evil task to heat the menkind in the name of progress,Lord having too many handsand eyes to see our activity?follow the fourfooted,they not ran after the collection of burdon!we alone responsible for our act,good learning in always bring the good reasult in both schools!1GeneralHowitzer7 weeks ago @Abece and Rhav- nice points dished out there...thanks for the visit!SITTY3 weeks ago You might want to study how schools here in ARMM Region works. The hiring of teachers in Public schools, though not all but most of them are non licensed. I dont know how depEd couldn't do something to solve the problem.GeneralHowitzer2 weeks ago There are indeed a lot of problems when it comes to educational systems in our country... especially in the rural settings, maybe it would help that someone would complain about this in regional offices to address the problem...Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesKids [VHS]Amazon Price: $7.49List Price: $14.99A Book for KidsAmazon Price: $9.99100 Singalong Songs for KidsAmazon Price: $6.73List Price: $9.98Which is Better Private School or Public School in the NewsSince recession hit fewer students are signing up for private schoolsDaily Breeze12 hours agoThe drop in South Bay enrollment blamed on the economy.Is the Canadian model right for UK schools?Guardian Unlimited5 days agoMichael Gove is holding up Alberta in Canada as a role-model for UK education. But is the schools secretary being a little too selective? Britain's recent further slide down the international education league tables of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has provided Michael Gove with an opportunity for political capital. This follows on from comments he made almost as ...What's New In High School? Stress Reduction 101NPR5 days agoWith college application deadlines looming, high schools are looking for ways to reduce student stress. Some schools have done away with Advanced Placement classes, while others are focusing on teaching kids how to handle the stress with yoga classes, breathing exercises and therapy dogs.Curious George's First Day of SchoolAmazon Price: $0.40List Price: $3.95Eureka 849924 Teacher Reward KitAmazon Price: $15.07List Price: $15.99School!: Adventures at the Harvey N. Trouble Elementary SchoolAmazon Price: $6.94List Price: $12.99RelatedLinksHow Tips in Mathematics Changed My Life     My hatred with Mathematics started ever since I entered college taking up     an Engineering Degree course. The words Calculus, Geometry, and     Trigonometry to name a few Mathematics subject are synonymous to...How to be an Effective and Efficient Teacher     .... reward but for self-fulfillment and doing things that are ought to be     done. Teaching is not just a profession, it should be utilized as a     powerful way of touching the lives of the children, always...How to Pass the Board Licensure Examination     (The original contents of this hub was accidentally deleted, hayz, I dont     have an idea why it was deleted maybe I could be the culprit or someone     deleted it when I forgot to sign out, still this is a blessing...How to Pass the Board Licensure Examination     (The original contents of this hub was accidentally deleted, hayz, I dont     have an idea why it was deleted maybe I could be the culprit or someone     deleted it when I forgot to sign out, still this is a blessing...How to Pass the Civil Service Examination in the     Philippines     The Civil Service Examination that is given in the Philippines is indeed a     tough nut to crack; the passing rate over the years had dipped     drastically, no thanks to the high 80% mark, one should hurdle. The...A Tribute to Instructors and Teachers     Teachers and instructors are indeed one of the vital cogs in shaping up     and molding students to be responsible and productive citizens of our     society. We owe our profession to them for they played a big role...New Approach for Teachers     Our students seemed to be caught in the transition process and most of our     teachers are unaware of it and also caught in the labyrinth filled with     potential debris that poses threats in dismantling the...How to Help Your Kids Survive Homework     Homework Help Vital to Child Learning. Homework or also known as     assignment is part of the learning process your kids should go through in     school. The homework handed by their teachers can be punishing at...Tips in Making Thesis in IT Related Course in the     Philippines     Mastery (For 1st year and 2nd year college students). Study well and     understand the programming basic, for this will serve as your foundation     in creating a force to reckon with thesis in the years to come....How to Help Your Kids Prepare and Pass Tests     Olympic sprinters need not train to break records all the time. They     regularly work out doing some sprints, jogging, lifting weights and doing     other necessary drills they need to improve their performance....My other thought-provoking andcompelling hubsHow to Make Your Girlfriend Love You (Even More)     Men are prone to heartaches, and like women they cast doubts about the     sincerity and love poured on them by their girlfriends. If you have a     girlfriend dont be too sure that youll keep her for good,...How to Pass the Civil Service Examination in the     Philippines     The Civil Service Examination that is given in the Philippines is indeed a     tough nut to crack; the passing rate over the years had dipped     drastically, no thanks to the high 80% mark, one should hurdle. The...The Conservation of the World's Rarest Bird of Prey,     the Philippine Eagle     If the American Bald Eagle is the symbol of United States' free-wheeling     and vibrant democracy, the Philippines has its own emblem for her national     sovereignty and freedom as well. The mighty Philippine...Ways to Save Mother Earth     Our planet is indeed gasping for breath right now, our harmful pollutions     is indeed choking her slowly and continues to stripped her with her ozone     layer. I think it is about time to give our timely response...The Finest Places and Beaches in the Philippines     The Philippines is so blessed with nature's bounty, and some of these can     even be likened to paradise hidden and spread throughout her majestic     archipelago. Many believed that most great places are somewhat...Why Some Foreigners Prefer Marrying Filipinas     the other lass in other countries if not beyond compare. Their smile will     indeed lighten up your day as if they put you in clouds with a very light     feeling, dismantling your worries for a great while, could...The Historic Inauguration of Benigno Noynoy Aquino as     the 15th Philippine President     The Philippines, a nation which is hungry for a real change now have     another President inaugurated this June 30, 2010, with hopes high that     poverty will be minimized if not totally eradicated and genuine...The Natural Wonders, Wealth and Sceneries of Amazing     Philippines     The Philippines is certainly a dot in the world but teems with enormous     and seem infinite treasures. With her majestic rolling mountains, hills     and volcanoes, rainforests that is embellished with wonderful...The Importance of Sports in Your Kid's Life     What is elementary life without sports? Probably boring and lifeless as it     is. Sports is vital in the very young lives of your kids for it gives them     a lot of things to learn about life aside from...The Philippine Wildlife :: Rare Animals in the     Philippines     (This is a tribute to the planet we call home since she will be     celebrating her birthday in the days to come and this is actually first of     two parts.) The Philippines is indeed a haven for wonderful animals...How to Pass the Board Licensure Examination     (The original contents of this hub was accidentally deleted, hayz, I dont     have an idea why it was deleted maybe I could be the culprit or someone     deleted it when I forgot to sign out, still this is a blessing...Aquariums for Freshwater Fishes     Aquarium fishes whether tropical or saltwater are indeed a nice sight to     see. Exhibiting unusual behaviors, flashing different colors, coming in a     wide array of different shapes and sizes aquarium fishes are...The Causes and Effects of Climate Change in our Planet     Just a month ago, a powerful typhoon the worst ever perhaps in my province     literally took us by the storm. Wow, the typhoon was so destructive and     devastating that the tremendous damage it had made will...How to be a Sports Editor or a Sports Writer     (Editor's Note: This Hub contains a brief story and insights on how to be     a sports editor or sports writer). Sports writing has its own distinct     identity, very interesting and yet enjoying. It has dimensions...How to Make Real Friends and be a Great Friend     An enduring friendship is truly essential to the human spirit as food and     water are to our body. Whether we are rich or poor, we all need friends,     our companions that will pull us through thick and thin....Which is Better Private School or Public School     School is an institution where our kids well learn a lot of things that     could help them become more responsible and productive citizens in our     society. It is the place where education is given importance as...Fast Index Your Blogs or Hubs     Your blogs or hubs may take a month or perhaps longer before it will be indexed     in various search engines (Yahoo, Google, Bing etc.), and this may keep     your write-up(s) at bay. Instead of waiting for the time...Foods that Should Not be Offered to Pets (Rabbits,     Hamsters or Birds)     I already produced a hub about foods that shouldnt be eaten by dogs,     titled, The Foods Your Dogs Shall Not Eat, and this article endeavor to     tackle more foods that are not good to your pets such as birds...10 World's Favorite Animals     Animals are indeed a treasure to human beings they usually give us ohs and     ahs, when we see them perform awesome tricks in circus, give us thrills     when we see them in zoo being fed by caretaker or simply by...How to Save our Planet Earth     In 1992 World Summit held in Rio de Janeiro, getting rid of pollution was     the main agenda as well as making our planet healthy amid industrial     progress. However the ratification and implementation of this...How to Avoid Stress, Tension and Pressures     With the recent economic turmoil, stress seems to disrupt and affect the     way of life of most people. People nowadays are worried about the security     of their tenure in work, health, their children's needs and...The Awesome Nutritional Benefits of Asparagus     It is not just a delectable treat as asparagus proves to be one of the     most nutritious vegetables one should regularly eat. It is in abundance of     vitamins, minerals and nutrients that are beneficial to...http://hubpages.com/hub/How-to-Perform-Well-at-WorkHow to prevent and treat insect bites     Kids love to play outdoors but sometimes dangers lurks, or in plain words     they are not safe since they are expose to various bugs that can be     harmful. Insect bites when inflicted to your kids skin...A List of Unusual Pets     Most of us are seemed to be in awe with animals especially when we have     some of them as our well-loved pets. Cuddly and affectionate, these     wonderful creatures give us joy when we are with them and even...Compilation of Filipino Jokes and Funny Text Messages     Filipinos are known for their sense of humor, an attribute that keeps them     afloat and strong amid very difficult problems and tough challenges. Filipinos     derives some of their strength and persistence by...Lucban Quezon Pahiyas Festival     The Philippines culture and heritage is indeed rich yet very diverse, this     is apparent with Pahiyas Festival, which is held in Lucban, Quezon,     Philippines every 15th day of May. Tens of thousands of...Meet the Philippine Wildlife World Record Holders     (Second of two parts) The diversity of the Philippines in terms of marine     life and flora and fauna is truly spectacular as it is lavished with     interesting features that will truly sets them apart from the...Compilation of Inspirational Quotations for Text     Messaging     ... Ready for Anything (a one of a kind book that contains principles that     is built to enhance the productivity of individual's life and work). The     book is tailored to tackle and topple the rigors of work...How to be an Effective and Efficient Teacher     .... reward but for self-fulfillment and doing things that are ought to be     done. Teaching is not just a profession, it should be utilized as a     powerful way of touching the lives of the children, always...http://hubpages.com/hub/FIFA-Soccer-Funny-Images-or-Pictures     The 2010 FIFA Soccer World Cup will kick off this coming June in South     Africa and everyone is seemed upbeat with it. I whipped out this article     that is teeming with different perspective and attacks to loosen...The Role of Electronic Components in Our Daily Life     This is My 100th hub and it is a tribute to the field of endeavor that was     my "Bread and Butter," for the past several years, that is     Electronics. Electronics - Almost everything that surrounds us has     direct...60 Reasons Why You Should Love NBA     One of the only three nations that treats basketball as a national sport     and past time (the other two, the Serbia and Lithuania), the     basketball-crazy Philippines was once a powerhouse in Asian basketball     in...Most Annoying Work Habits     My friend once quoted "We work to live not we live to work." I     was wondering what he means by this, after pondering for few days I     realized that, earning a living is indeed essential for the income we...How to Ask a Girl For a Date     What separate a man from the boys; one of the answer perhaps would be     marrying the girl of his dreams after tough grind from years or months of     courtships and maintaining affectionate relationship. However to...http://hubpages.com/hub/Alcohol-Treatments-Hangover-Remedies-and-Tips     Eating and drinking are always present in celebrating various occasions     such as birthdays, weddings, anniversaries and etc. After festivities     however what happens next. The hangover causes can be attributed...Worst Floods and Typhoons in the Philippines     An average of 20 typhoons hit the Philippines annually. Some of these     typhoons ignited soil erosion and deadly raging flashfloods, which     resulted to tragedies in the country that killed numerous people and...The Splendid Philippine Festivals     (Author's Note: This Hub is a certified HubNugget and will focus on     Pahiyas Festival of Quezon, Strawberry Festival of La Trinidad, Dagupan     City's Bangus Festival, Panagbenga Festival of Baguio City, Pintados...Who is the Greatest Boxer of All Time Muhammad Ali or     Manny Pacquiao     Few decades ago, the planet witnessed the heroics of Muhammad Ali in the boxing     ring. Alis rise to the pinnacle of the sports was mercurial and truly     inspirational. He was an immovable force with...Caramoan, Camarines Sur, The Site of Five Survivor     Editions     What does Fiji, Thailand, Australia, Indonesia, Palau and Philippines in     common these countries already played hosts to different Survivor editions     (United States and or other countries). A reality TV...91GeneralHowitzerFrom Land of Salt, Philippines738 Followers189 HubsJoined 18 months agoRead more hubs by GeneralHowitzerContact GeneralHowitzerFollow GeneralHowitzerSubscribe to GeneralHowitzer's RSS feedAnswers The QuestionHubMob Weekly Topic: Education and Kidsasked by Princessa 13 months ago38 answersAnswer this question Ask a QuestionAsk GeneralHowitzer a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsPublic or Private Schools which is better for your Son / Daughterasked by browsed 8 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionHome-School, Public School, or Private School? Which is better?asked by MamaDragonfly2677 22 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsVictorian Schoolsby jim.shengSchooling: Homeschool vs. Public School vs. Private Schoolby Kathryn VercilloPrivate Schools verses Public Schools: What are the...by World-TravelerHow to Know if Montessori Education is Right For Your Familyby Lela DavidsonSchool Rules and Consequencesby arizonataylorOverlooked Classroom Discipline Strategiesby arizonataylor Public School vs Private School ForumTopicRepliesAny Boarding/Prep School Alumni?posted by Argenis2Funding for private boarding schoolposted by luvs2dance962Post a new topicTagssports school students philippines teachers schools Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 2.531 sec)  working