Teen kicked off basketball team for hairstyle // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 205Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 71Corporations or politicians hurting America? 11The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 07, 2011| 41 commentsTeen kicked off basketball team for hairstylesource: http://TheIndyChannel.comAn error occurred while setting up video display.MotherForTruth added thisGeorge Steinbrenner famously refused to let Yankees players compete with any facial hair, or "unruly" haircuts. While those relatively manic standards were applied to professionals (extremely highly compensated professionals, at that), a similar measure is now being used to keep an eighth grader off his junior high basketball team.According to a number of sources, the Indianapolis Star and Associated Press chief among them, the parents of a Greensburg (Ind.) Community Junior High School student have filed a lawsuit against the district citing discrimination against their son, who was kicked off the team because his hairstyle violated a code of appearance established by Greensburg High coach Stacy Meyer, pictured above, which was stipulated in the school's extra-curricular code.TheIndyChannel.com reported the lawsuit claims coaches told the player he wouldn't be allowed on the court if he failed to cut his hair by a certain date. When the 14-year-old questioned why that was necessary, he was also told that he would be kicked off the team if his parents -- Patrick and Melissa Hayden -- protested the policy.Obviously, the player and his parents decided to fight for his rights rather than acquiesce to the extracurricular policy's claim that a player's hair be above his eyebrows, collars and ears.Interestingly, this is the second time in two past calendar years that Greensburg Junior High's basketball team has garnered regional attention for issues it would rather avoid. According to the Greensburg Daily News, the junior high program was involved in a nasty hazing scandal in February 2009, with little official punishment resulting from an episode in which some players hit their teammates in the face with genatalia.While the banned player's parents feel they have a strong case based on unequal enforcement of the code -- girls are not required to meet similar hair standards to compete in basketball -- the school district claims that a student's right to participate in extracurricular activities is a privilege, not a right."In Indiana, everybody is entitled to an education, and that's a right," Greensburg School District Tuck Hopkins told TheIndyChannel.com. "Playing extracurricular activities, we believe the law is it's a privilege, and that's the distinction."Whether or not the law agrees with that contention is another matter. Regardless of how judges rule, the local public certainly seems to be nearly unanimous in it's support of the athlete in question, as a number told TheIndyChannel.com."I just think he should be stipulated to tie his hair up or something like that," said Anthony Johnson. "To cut it off, I think that's taking away a person's mind, body and soul sometimes.""I think they should be able to wear their hair the way they want to on a basketball team or anywhere else," said resident Aleigh Class."It's discrimination, plain and simple," said resident Jesse Summers. "I hope they get what they are after."http://rivals.yahoo.com/highschool/blog/prep_rally/post/Teen-kicked-off-basketba... groups:News, Law and Justice, Current Cultural Issues tags:Law,School,Basketball,Teen,Hairstyle 1 more|41 comments// Teen kicked off basketball team for hairstylehide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0emarstonSo it's not acceptable to have respect for a coach? My brother wheres suits on game day and has since he was 10. 1 day agoflag  reply0GoodGodGuyExtracurricular activities are voluntary and a priveledge.  You also have to pony up a cost for the activity if you want to play.  You want long hair, don't play.It is the coach's discretion.  My son has to wear a tie on game day at high school and he goes along with it and takes pride in his acceptance of the coach's rule. 1 day agoflag  reply0Proud_ProgressiveHow many of the detractors here played a team sport?  If you want to play, you listen to the coach.  If the hair is more important, don't cut it. 1 day agoflag  reply0adamvelvetu  Proud_Progressive:everyone knows that basketball coaches just manage the personalities on a team...the players run the show--might as well let 'em learn young 1 day agoflag  reply+2neocongoCoach needs to be made to get a nose job.  God what a penis-schnozz he's sportin'. 2 days agoflag  reply+2ny007nyIf the kid is a good player why would you care if he has hair or not. Seems like a stupid rule in the first place.http://www.youtube.com/ny007ny 2 days agoflag  reply0antiutopiaUh, since when is it anyone's "right" to be on a basketball team?  I was told to cut my hair when I played in HS too.  This is ridiculous. 2 days agoflag  reply+1Norther00  antiutopia:why should it matter how long your hair is? why cant it just be about if u enjoy playing the game and if u are a capable enough player? the idea that u have to have a certain length of hair to play is ridiculous... 2 days agoflag  reply+2artemis6Great post , mother . As long as it is not a safety issue or it detracts from his playing , it must be a power trip in the coaches mind . 2 days agoflag  reply+2Itsbatman_Durri went through nearly the same battle in high school. i captained the rugby team, but also was in a glam band and wore nail polish and was told i couldnt wear it to sports events when i represented the school or at school itself. i protested and eventually got to keep it so i stand with my 8th grade brother here! equal rights!! Don't conform just because someone in authority demands it. Be safe, but be yourself! 2 days agoflag  reply+4ejasunTo the RASTAFARIAN rastaman it is his religion to have long hair, I guess a rastafarian is not welcome to play basketball with this team"It's RASTA discrimination, plain and simple," 2 days agoflag  reply+7MotherForTruthLong hair is not a problem for girls, and girls are not required to meet similar hair standards to compete in basketball. Why different standards for boys? 2 days agoflag  reply+7unimatrix0This has nothing to do with basketball, this is about an uptight, conservative coach on a power trip.The coach is nothing but a petty tyrant, and the school district is wrong to back him up on this matter. (The coach is probably just another ignorant, redneck bible thumper.)If the kid is good enough to make the team he should be on the team, regardless of hair. 2 days agoflag  reply+1themotivateddropoutThe parents and this kid are making a huge deal out of this. I played football, basketball, and baseball in Kentucky and Tennessee, and had long hair (well, past my eyebrows and ears) and it was never a problem, but if it had been, I would've cut it and let it grow back over the summer.But the School District rep's position on the "privilege of extracurricular activities" is pretty frustrating. I mean, if that rapist in Texas or wherever can play ball, let the little hippie pull his hair back, or wear a sweat band on his head. The coach isn't doing this for the safety aspect, he's doing it for the aesthetics of a clean cut team of athletes.Shouldn't schools be working with students instead of against them? I guess it takes too much effort. 2 days agoflag  reply+3themotivateddropout  themotivateddropout:Tools vote down what they don't read. 2 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  themotivateddropout:well i voted you down for the generalization of calling the kid a hippy 2 days agoflag  reply+3EdJoyProductions  themotivateddropout:I voted you up for saying if rapists can play ball so can hippies  ;) 2 days agoflag  reply0maryol  themotivateddropout:they should work with them. but, 8th grade? Aesthetics shouldn't matter that much to a coach of a junior high basketball team. It's not a professional league, it's extracurricular. it's one thing for George Steinbrenner to make that call, but this guy? I wouldn't call them athletes until they make the transition into high school. 2 days agoflag  reply0themotivateddropout  Itsbatman_Durr:So? I got called a hippie when my hair was long, it didn't make it true. Just a joke. 1 day agoflag  reply0themotivateddropout  EdJoyProductions:Haha it seems only right. 1 day agoflag  reply0themotivateddropout  maryol:Some coaches get wrapped up trying to create what they perceive as a professional team, and it gets worse in high school. I don't think the look of a team should matter, only the safety of the players (which is a nonissue in this case). But the kid will have to play under this douche for just one more year, then he's in high school. It's not fair for him to get kicked off the team, but if he really wanted to play ball he could've cut his hair just once, then let it grow out in HS. Your hair grows back faster if you cut it, so he won't miss it for long. This school seems to be completely apathetic regarding this coaches ignorance, and 9 times out of 10 in this situations where ignorance and aggression is tolerated, the changes needed won't come from the school. I just feel bad the kid can't play, but I think if he really wanted to, he'd give his hair a trim. 1 day agoflag  reply-2Buddha2112they should kick him out of school too.  What a whiney brat.  I figured this kind of thing was normal for team sports... there's a code of conduct and dress, on and off the playing 'field'.  I hope this fails in court and they (the parents) owe their lawyer oodles of money.  Get a hair cut kid... its not that hard. 2 days agoflag  reply-1Jeremy_BensonDoesn't say what hairstyle he wore. Probably some long unruly mess. You cut your hair when you play sports because otherwise it gets caught in equipment or people, gets tugged and pulled, and can get dangerous. Bottom line: you listen to your coach. 2 days agoflag  reply+2cantucwearebrothers  Jeremy_Benson:While I don't disagree, couldn't an exception be made?  Perhaps having to pull the hair back into a pony tail like girls do.Also...would the coach be quite as staunch on this issue if the child in question was a star athlete? 2 days agoflag  reply0Norther00  Jeremy_Benson:lol what kind of hair are u talking about? sounds like his hair has a mind of its own and is strangling people at every chance, never heard anyone say hair can be dangerous to others. what equipment would it get "caught" in? 2 days agoflag  reply0adamvelvetu  Jeremy_Benson:Maybe the kid's a Varejao fan or a Rodman fan...or any number of athletes known for their 'wild' hair. To me the deeper point is that this is 8th grade; let the kids have some fun and develop an interest in the sport or start to figure out whether they have talent. Apparently, the coach promotes an atmosphere where its OK to slap someone in the face with your balls--as long as your hair is the appropriate length. 1 day agoflag  reply0Jeremy_Benson  cantucwearebrothers:Could an exception be made? Sure, depends on how strict the coach is. Obviously this one is not so lenient. Either way, the coach is boss. And would a star athlete be treated as strictly? They were when I was in highschool. They were held to a higher standard because they were expected to be roll models for the rest of team, and if you didn't listen to your teachers or make your grades then the coaches would not hesitate to replace you with someone less qualified but more dedicated. 1 day agoflag  reply-2libertyforallSorry, every coach has their own set of rules and expects a certain set of standards. Anyone who has played high school sports understand this fact. If the coach wants you to cut your hair then do it. Otherwise, don't play the sport. 2 days agoflag  reply0Norther00  libertyforall:i played basketball soccer track cross country and a little football, it shouldnt be about the coach it should be about the kids playing.... the coach is always some wash up coulda woulda been  that wishes he could still be playing and possibly doesnt have enough control at home so chooses to become a coach and be a dick hole to young kids who just wanna have fun playing the game. 2 days agoflag  reply0libertyforall  Norther00:The team is ran by the coach. Thus, he has the right to impose whatever standards he'd like. If you don't like then don't play for the team. Simply how it works. 1 day agoflag  reply0Norther00  libertyforall:i think your slightly confused.. he isnt a dictator.  he teaches the game, makes plays, doesnt have any say in how the kids hair looks. 1 day agoflag  reply0cantucwearebrothersIt's likely that the parents have already agreed to these stipulations, having signed paperwork at the beginning of the year that will have included this information.There are many requirements to participate, from passing grades, to no disciplinary action, to a signed authorization to drug test.  As has been brought up below these are extracurricular activities and not academic requirements.  On an entirely different note I've always wondered how cheer leading and volleyball uniforms are not considered violation of the dress code.  The students are required to wear school appropriate clothing even during practices, but neither of those uniforms meet the enforced standards. 2 days agoflag  reply-2curtisreed"the player and his parents decided to fight for his rights": wrong.  Students don't have the same freedom of expression as in the rest of society, that has been shown time and again in schools.  That's why schools can implement dress codes, codes of behavior, students have the right to tell someone on the street "fuck you!" but they can't say that in the school.Discretion is given to the schools and in the most cases their dress codes and grooming codes are upheld.the only chance the parents would have is if they could make a case it was part ofthe punk's religion--if he was native american or sikh, for example.My money is on the court upholding the decision.  As well it should be. 2 days agoflag  reply+2cantucwearebrothers  curtisreed:Why is he a punk? 2 days agoflag  reply0Norther00  cantucwearebrothers:ya im not quite sure why this kid is suddenly a punk lol 2 days agoflag  reply+2galwaymanAnother example of the nanny state demanding to make decisions for the individual without the individuals consent or agreement! It is a violation of his,and his parents, right to self determination and they are right to fight it! How someone chooses to dress or wear their hair is not the business of the school or staff of that school! I also disagree that while education is a right,to participate in extra curricular programs is not a right! A school which is open to the public is a falls under the public domain and that arbitrary rules, mandating clothing style or hair style are unconstitutional and constitute clear discrimination based upon someones personal choices which isn't the business of government in the first place! 2 days agoflag  reply+1curtisreed  galwayman:your points are not well thought out.So is it a kid's "right" to wear swastikas to school?  How much disruption could that cause?  How about a shirt calling Obama a "N-"?Per your argument, schools do not have the authority to have a dress code, or require uniforms.  But we know they DO.the "nanny state" has nothing to do with this, unless your argument is that the government has no business managing education in the first place.  Can anyone point out where in the constitution it says that the federal government has the authority to provide education?  Which constitutional amendment specifies that everyone has a "RIGHT" to an education, meaning that there is a governmental obligation to provide it?If it's a "RIGHT" to "participate" in extracurricular activities, does that mean the school as an OBLIGATION to provide them?So would it be a violation of students' "rights" if a school provided NO extracurricular activities?In cases where a school DOES have extracurricular activities, can they ban a child from participating because of criminal activity?Of course.  How about other disruptive behavior that doesn't rise to the threshold of criminality?I often agree with you, but not on this subject, your arguments seem pretty weak and reactionary. 2 days agoflag  reply0CitizenHill  curtisreed:All good points 2 days agoflag  reply+1galwayman  curtisreed:First you have enlarged on my original position on this! No children shouldn't be able to wear anything to school that is offensive and/or racially motivated which may cause disruption! No if there is a history of criminal behavior then that child should be banned on the belief that his or her criminal behavior would continue and influence other children! I should also note that many schools around the country have done away with sports in order to save money,however in schools that do offer it that to ban somebody due to his chosen hair style is not acceptable! Now lets get into the subject of "public" VS."private" Schools: If there were no public schools only private it would be those of low income who would be unable to pay,wouldn't get an education,and be even more of a burden to the taxpayer then they are now! Government must provide an education for all citizens to prevent a total dumbing down of anyone's children who couldn't pay the price which would exclude not only low income children but middle class ones as well! Society can not afford to do that and we can't put our trust in those of the "private" school sector because they don't care about anything but profit! Every AMERICAN child deserves an education so that hopefully they will become self sufficient earners and not a taxpayer burden,so yes I believe,to a point,that education is a right,I also believe that housing,to a point,is also a right,however you set limits and goals that anyone using these social services must meet to remain eligible to participate! When I went to public school you had to wear pants,a shirt,and a tie however the type and color choices were left to your parents to decide not government! While I have always had short hair and feel a man should look like a man,that decision is a personal one and NOT within the purview of government! Uniforms,where everyone looks the same, stifle self esteem and often look just plain dumb and create an atmosphere of a military state. I see no reason a child can't be told to wear dockers,a shirt,and a tie instead! I do not believe that jeans and other types of relaxed clothing should be worn to school for any reason! 2 days agoflag  reply0robin49  galwayman:You're kind of contradicting yourself here."A school which is open to the public is a falls under the public domain and that arbitrary rules, mandating clothing style or hair style are unconstitutional and constitute clear discrimination based upon someones personal choices which isn't the business of government in the first place!"And then a few posts later..."I see no reason a child can't be told to wear dockers,a shirt,and a tie instead! I do not believe that jeans and other types of relaxed clothing should be worn to school for any reason!"Am I missing something, or are these statements the exact opposite of each other? 1 day agoflag  reply0galwayman  robin49:If the wearing of a certain type of clothes is a decision made by the student or the parents is what I meant here,which was in response to the school uniform position taken by another current member who stated in his comment "that schools have a right to mandate uniforms" It should be up to the parents or the student or both not the school or government! When I was in school you had to wear pants,a shirt,and tie and it wasn't until I was out of high school {graduated in "68"} that jeans were allowed,although had I that choice I'd have stuck with pants and shirt but no tie! In response to that persons comment my choice of words should have been clearer! 1 day agoflag  replymore fromNews:SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Latest Updates Five People Injured In SUV Rollover Toyota Needs Brake Override Technology Anonymous OperationTunisia most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 7Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10Imran Khan: Pakistan is 'going down' more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  6 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  15 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  16 minutes agoI will defend anyone's right to free speech.   I merely hope those doing the speaking understand the consequences of their words.  Speak from the heart but think with your conscience. Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  1 hour agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the... mcjk commented on AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event...  1 hour agoWhat kind of news article does it take for people to have a mature, rational discussion here on Current?  Seriously, multiple people died, and more injured- and most of the comments I am reading...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog