Terrorism - Sinn Fein Councillor's Husband Denies Role In Attempting to Murder PostmanHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesTerrorismFighting TerrorismTerrorism - Sinn Fein Councillor's Husband Denies Role In Attempting to Murder PostmanTerrorism - Sinn Fein Councillor's Husband Denies Role In Attempting to Murder Postman72rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy theirishobserver.The Irish TimesTerrorism - FARC-IRACDI Terrorism Project - Globalizing Terrorism: The FARC-IRA connection, by Mark Burgess, CDI Research AnalystTHE IRISH OBSERVERThe Irish Times Irish News, Business News, Sports News & Ireland Weather OnlineFind the latest news online at The Irish Times including Irish News, International News, Business News, Sports News and Irish and International Weather.Dissident Terrorists TerroristsSinn Fein/IRA Terrorists or Freedom Fighters?Sinn Fein and the IRABelow is a statement issued by the recently formed 'Justice for the Mc Geough Family' pressure group, the details of Gerry Mc Geough's situation are contained within that statement. The question must be asked if Gerry Mc Geough is a victim of some security force conspiracy or whether Gerry Mc Geough is a reformed terrorist who simply does not want to take responsibility for his allegedpast wrongs.It is difficult to comprehend why Gerry Mc Geough and Vincent Mac Ansepie have been charged with terrorist offences that date back to 1981, when it is clear that many more serious crimes have been committed by members of Sinn Fein/PIRA in recent years and those crimes seem to be viewed as nothing more than Internal-house-keeping by the political elites in this country, Britain and America.Gerry Mc Geough is calling out for justice, yet Gerry Mc Geough openly admits that he was a member of Sinn Fein/PIRA, an organisation that murdered and butchered innocent people at will, an organisation that kidnapped, tortured, murdered and secretly buried a child, Columbia Mc Veigh from Dungannon in County Tyrone, that child's body remains un-discovered in the foothills of north Monaghan. The crimes of Sinn Fein/PIRA have more in common with Myra Hindley and Ian Brady than they have with Padraig Pearse and Wolfe Tone. However, what ever the heinious crimes committed by politico-sectarian-criminals we must not allow the state to deny basic human and civil rights to any citizen.Gerry Mc Geough if convicted will only serve a maximum of two years in jail as this was the deal done between the political elites and the Sinn Fein/PIRA leadership under the terms of the Good Friday Agreement. It appears from Gerry Mc Geough's own statements that he was and remains his own worse enemy, he has given his name and details to hospital staff when he should have kept his mouth shut, he signed legal statements seeking asylum when it suited him and again he should have kept his mouth shut. Gerry Mc Geough returned to the north on the basis of a British Guarantee, surely anyone who takes the word of the British at face value must take some responsibility when that word is retracted.STATEMENT ISSUED BY THE RECENTLY FORMED "JUSTICE FOR THE MCGEOUGH FAMILY" PRESSURE GROUP The general consensus that society here must now "move on" from the era of the Troubles is being seriously undermined by an on-going legal saga that is causing growing resentment among nationalists in Tyrone and which is now starting to gain attention elsewhere across Ireland and beyond. November 1st sees the resumption of a trial that is raising issues of major concern to international Human Rights groups as well as bringing to light matters that the British government, in particular, would prefer left untouched. At the centre of the controversy is 52-year-old Gerry McGeough, a teacher and published author from the Brantry area of South Tyrone, who is now the focus of a political and legal storm that has dragged in the Swedish government, the U.S. and German authorities and a host of interested parties from several other nations. Added to this is a growing litany of revelations that has opened a Pandora's Box of secret deals and leaked intelligence memos that are beginning to cause major angst within some political circles. The saga began on March 8th, 2007, the day after the Stormont Assembly elections when Gerry McGeough, who had stood as an Independent Republican candidate in the Fermanagh/South Tyrone constituency, was dramatically arrested outside the Count Centre in Omagh. The large media contingent gathered for the Tally just yards away ensured that the arrest became news headlines within the hour. A convoy of PSNI vehicles took McGeough to Antrim, where he was eventually charged with membership of the IRA in 1975, when he was 16-years-old, and with wounding a part-time member of the UDR in 1981. Shortly after McGeough's arrest, Vincent McAnespie, an Aughnacloy Building Contractor in his late forties, was also arrested following a raid on his home. The charges against Mr. McAnespie were eventually reduced to possession of weapons in 1981. Explaining the unusual manner of Mr. McGeough's arrest, the PSNI claimed that they had been looking for him for years but had not been able to locate him until his appearance at the Omagh Count Centre. Gerry McGeough has dismissed this as "ridiculous", pointing out that apart from the fact that he had been living openly in the North before the election, he was also one of the most high-profile candidates during the hustings, speaking regularly in public and making appearances on T.V. and live radio programmes. "My arrest was politically motivated", he says, "and sanctioned by the British government. If a political candidate was arrested during an election in Zimbabwe, or anywhere else, the British would be squealing about human rights abuses". After three weeks in Maghaberry prison, McGeough's lawyers finally secured bail for him following a considerable legal struggle during which the Prosecution tried to prevent his release by claiming that he was wanted in Germany and the United States for Irish republican related activities in the 1980s. When these accusations were found to be groundless, he was released on strict bail conditions, most of which remain in place over three-and-a-half-years later. McGeough, who lives with his Spanish-born wife and their four young children, spent the next couple of years making monthly court appearances during which the case was constantly put back, sometimes for the flimsiest of reasons, such as someone at the DPP had forgotten to post a letter crucial to the investigation. During this time, the family had to put up with many hardships including having a British Army helicopter hover and clatter over their remote rural home at eleven o'clock one night as small children struggled to sleep. They have also had to endure phone-tapping, e-mail and regular mail interception and disruption. In addition, because of the serious Troubles-related charges against him, Gerry McGeough has been unable to find work as a teacher since his arrest. In July, 2009, McGeough suffered a massive heart-attack and would have died but for the fact that he managed to get himself to hospital in time for emergency treatment. That same month, the British government extended the use of the non-jury Diplock Court system for another two years. A notorious legacy of the Troubles, the Diplock Courts were supposed to have been finally phased out by 2009. On March 8th, exactly three years after his arrest, Gerry McGeough was put on trial before a Diplock Court in Belfast. The previous day, the Sunday Tribune newspaper revealed that a secret deal had been done between the British government and Sinn Fin allowing up to fifty "on-the-run" republicans to receive Royal Pardons since the signing of the 1998 Good Friday Agreement. Shaun Woodward, Britain's then Secretary of State for the North, publicly denounced the revelation as "nonsense". Shortly afterwards, McGeough's lawyers produced one of the Pardons and the Northern Ireland Office has since confirmed that a deal had, in fact, been done. Arguing that their client, who is one of the listed "on-the-runs", was being discriminated against for political reasons, McGeough's legal team secured an adjournment of the trial after three days while they sought the disclosure of documents from the NIO for an "Abuse of Process" application. Despite ample evidence of the existence of such material, a judge ruled that the NIO need not disclose some forty-one relevant files in the interests of "national security". He also dismissed the "Abuse of Process" application and the trial resumed on September 13th. That day consisted of having a PSNI detective read a full chapter of one of Gerry's books to the court. He had "secured" the book from a library in Dublin. The novel itself, "Defenders", is a work of fiction published in 1998. Incredibly, this has been accepted as "evidence" by the non-jury court. The trial against Gerry McGeough, which is estimated to have cost 1 million to date, was halted again the following day after McGeough was rushed to hospital where he underwent a further heart procedure on September 17th. He has since been released from hospital and the trial is set to resume on November 1st. If convicted, he will spend two years in prison under the terms of the Good Friday Agreement before being eligible for release on license. McGeough argues that his children, all of whom were born since the year 2000, are the real victims of the Troubles. He describes how one morning last March, as he prepared to leave for court in Belfast, his seven-year-old son got up out of bed at 6.30am in order to share an idea he had. "He told me that he was going to dig a hole in one of the fields, put planks over it and build a den so that he could hide Daddy. That way I wouldn't have to go to jail", Gerry recalled. "Imagine a child lying awake at night worrying about such things in the year 2010. This whole experience is a real trauma for them. Why should they have to be put through this? A staunch supporter of the Peace Process, McGeough believes that he is being singled out simply because he stood in the elections and expressed a viewpoint that upset the powers that be. "Why are no British soldiers being put on trial for Bloody Sunday"?, he asks. "And what about those behind the Dublin/Monaghan bombings? Either the Troubles are over or they're not. If not, then let's put everybody on trial before Diplock Courts. What's happening to us is just plain old anti-Irish Catholic discrimination. People can see this and they resent it", Gerry McGeough said. Meanwhile, it has now emerged that the Prosecution intends to use alleged Political Asylum application papers from Sweden as the mainstay of its evidence against Mr. McGeough. The move has raised considerable alarm among international Human Rights groups, who argue that this violates the whole concept of political asylum and is an attack upon the rights of refugees everywhere. We, the recently formed "Justice for the McGeough Family" pressure group, are asking people from all walks of life to become involved in the campaign to highlight the discrimination currently being perpetrated against Gerry McGeough. Write in protest to your local media and politicians. Keep Gerry and his family in your prayers and, if possible, turn up at the trial in Belfast, now scheduled for November 1st, and show your solidarity. This is a just cause that needs your support. Now is the time to speak out against this injustice and we thank-you for your help. Sinn Fein Councillors Husband Denies Involvement in Attempted Murder of Postman.Brenda Mac Anespie (nee Mc Kenna) has been a Sinn Fein member of Monaghan County Council for over a decade. In that time she has been a professional and able representative of the people of County Monaghan. Brenda has been a supporter of the Adams leadership and a strong advocate of the peace process. Brenda lives with her Husband, Vincent Mac Anespie and their children in Augnacloy, County Tyrone. Vincent Mac Anespie is a brick layer by trade and has been a life long supporter of Sinn Fein.However, as is so often the case in Northern Ireland the past has come back to haunt the Mac Anespie family. Vincent Mac Anespie is presently on trial in Belfast for his alleged part in the attempted murder of a local postman in Augnacloy almost 30 years ago. Vincent Mac Anespie stands accused with fellow republican Gerry Mc Geough of attempting to murder local Augnacloy postman Sammy Brush in 1981.Mac Anespie would have been 18 years old at the time of the attempted murder of Mr Brush. Mac Anespie comes from what would be described by any fair minded person as a decent hard working Catholic family in Augnacloy. Mac Anespie would have been studying as a brick layer in 1981 when the second republican hunger strike was lead by Bobby Sands in the H-Blocks of Long Kesh. There are few in Ireland who were not moved by the plight of young Irish men dying from hunger in Long Kesh, over the removal of their status as political prisoners. Indeed it is fair to say that the mis-handling of the crisis in Long Kesh by then British Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher simply created another recruiting sergeant for the IRA, as had interment some years earlier.The name Mac Anespie will be recognised by some. In 1988 Aidan Mac Anespie, Brother of Vincent Mac Anespie was murdered by a British Soldier at the British Army checkpoint in Augnacloy, County Tyrone. At the time of Aidans murder there was public outcry as Aidan was an innocent, hard working lad who was simply on his way to attend a GAA football match. There is no doubt that Aidan Mac Anespie was totally innocent of any wrong doing and was simply murdered because some of his family were known to be staunch republicans. Last year Elish Mac Anespie who was in her late forties died from cancer. Also last year Margo Mac Anespies husband Gerry Loughran was left brain damaged after being viciously attacked in Armagh. So this is a family who has had much hardship visited upon them in recent years.Since the IRA began to engage in the peace process Vincent Mac Anespie like many other republicans has focused on trying to return to some kind of normality. He has focused on building up his property business and generally taking care of his family. This then begs the question, why have the Crown Prosecution Service decided at this juncture to prosecute Mr Mac Anespie. There are thousands of unsolved murders relating to the troubles in Northern Ireland, The Republic and England. 47 year old Vincent Mc Anespie, denies possessing guns and ammunition with intent to endanger life and under suspicious circumstances and a further charge of impeding the apprehension of Mr Mc Geough by hiding the weapons.1981 was a difficult time for many; it was a time when the IRA recruited young Catholics at will thanks to the blinded vision of Prime Minister Thatcher. It was a time when many done things that they would not do in the new political dispensation. Are we now to see a witch hunt against people who through vulnerability or circumstances joined the ranks of the republican movement? This selective prosecution serves nobody well, and will simply drive a new generation into the arms of dissident terrorist organisations.There is no doubt that Vincent Mac Anespie was and remains a republican, there is no doubt that he was a member of the East Tyrone Brigade of the Provisional IRA, there is no doubt that he like many others done things that he today regrets. However, like the moral dilemma that faced Germany after the fall of the Berlin Wall, should they prosecute the soldiers who shot down innocent men, women and children as they tried to cross into West Germany, surely these soldiers were simply obeying orders. If prosecutions are to take place after a period of conflict surely those prosecutions should be directed at the real culprits, those who issued the orders and those who created the conditions for conflict, those like Thatcher who sent young men like Mac Anespie in to the ranks of the IRA in their thousands.At lunch time on the 13th of June 1981 Mr Sammy Brush was going about his daily business delivering post around the small South Tyrone village of Augnacloy. When Mr Brush drove into the yard of a small house just north of Augnacloy he noticed a man step out from a shed that was adjacent to the House to which he was delivering post. The masked gunman turned to Mr Brush and at a distance of some twelve feet the gunman opened fire on Mr Brush. Due to the security situation at that time Mr Brush was wearing body armour under his postal uniform. Mr Brush also worked as a part-time member of the UDR (now dis-banded and renamed Royal Irish Regiment). The UDR was a local regiment of the British Army and was mainly made up of local Protestants.Terrorism Funeral of IRA member.Act of BraveryMr Brush began to run when the shots were fired at him and he was shot in the chest, shoulder and back. Mr Brush then seen a second gunman at the front door of the house, Mr Brush decided to stand and fight back and he ran to his postal van and drew his legally held .38 Smith and Wesson revolver. Mr Brush in an act of bravery returned fire on the two gunmen. Mr Brush then got into his van and drove off. Mr Brush was treated in hospital for gun shot wounds and collapsed lungs.Mr Gerry Mc Geough one of the alleged IRA gunmen was later treated in Monaghan General Hospital in the Irish Republic for gun shot wounds. We know this as Mr Mc Geough gave his real name when he entered Monaghan Hospital to be treated for a gunshot wound to his chest. Mr Mc Geough was then transferred to Dublin by helicopter to have surgery. Following surgery in Dublin Mr Mc Geough was transferred back to Monaghan General Hospital and while under guard by members of the Irish Police (An Garda Siochana) Mr Mc Geough escaped from the hospital as he mingled among a group of visitors.Mr Mc Geough eventually ended up in Sweden and when he submitted sworn documents seeking political asylum he stated that he was indeed one of the gunmen who had shot Mr Brush in 1981. Mr Mc Geough and Mr Mac Anespie were arrested on March 8th 2007. Both men deny the charges. And the trial continues. The question must be asked as to why this trial is taking place at all.Loughgall And Why The Truth Will Never Be ToldLoughgall And Why the Truth Will Never be ToldIn the aftermath of the restructuring of the East Tyrone Brigade of the Provisional IRA by leading PIRA volunteer Kevin Mc Kenna. The East Tyrone Brigade of the provisional IRA became one of the most active and feared instruments of the republican movement. The East Tyrone Brigade drew its membership from several counties and had a fearless leader in Kevin Mc Kenna. Mc Kenna who lived and lives in CountyMonaghan had originated from Augnacloy in CountyTyrone. Mc Kenna was well known to the security services both in Northern Ireland and the Republic.Militant Republicanism in East Tyrone has a long history dating back to Tom Clarke and beyond. In modern day militant republican folklore East Tyrone is at the core of most conversations. IRA Hunger striker Martin Hurson was from East Tyrone and the many tens of thousands of people who attended his funeral paid testament to the high regard in which militant republicanism was held in the County of Tyrone. Yet it would be East Tyrone and the border counties in general that would become the murderous focus of the British security services once they noted the weakness of the Adams/Mc Guinness leadership in the mid-1980s.The East Tyrone Brigade of the Provisional IRA would pay a heavy price for the wheeling and dealing that Adams and Mc Guinness were engaged in with M16. We now know with certainty that even while Gerry Adams was speaking his weasel words at the grave side of IRA volunteer Jim Lynagh, Mc Guinness was already engaged in clandestine meetings with M16 agent Michael Oakley. Yet Adams told the mourners at Jim Lynaghs grave side that, Anyone who does business with the British, the SDLP or the Freestate establishment are fools as they have all sold out on the Irish people. Yet that is exactly what Adams and Mc Guinness were already doing.On the 8th of May 1987 the East Tyrone Brigade of the Provisional IRA sent their A Team to blow up an unmanned RUC station in Loughgall. However, on this occasion the A Team would not return. On the 8th of May 1987 the East Tyrone Brigade lost eight IRA volunteers when they were ambushed by the British Armys SAS. Any objective observer may ask, why attack an unmanned RUC station? This I will now explain.The 1980s seen a sea change within Sinn Fein and the IRA. The IRA had become a well oiled paramilitary organisation. New weapons, explosives and methodology had been acquired and developed by the Provisional IRA. The IRA and in particular the East Tyrone Brigade were relentless in their militant campaign against the British establishment. IRA Commander Jim Lynagh and other senior members of the Provisional IRA while housed in Portloaise Prison had read and adopted a Maoist Military Strategy/tactic for their campaign. Lynagh explained to those capable of understanding that the intention was to create Green or Liberated zones in the North of Ireland that remained under British rule. This tactic meant not only killing members of the British security services but also killing anyone who assisted or helped maintain the British presence in Ireland.It is fair to say that Protestants would bare the brunt of this new and intentional tactic. Lynagh made no apology for this aspect of the campaign. It happened that Lynaghs new strategy would be partnered with a new British Government policy of Ulsterisation or normalisation. This new British policy meant that the British Army would be less visible on the streets and the local RUC and UDR would be in the front line against the IRA campaign. This new British policy simply placed more soft Protestant targets in the IRA shooting gallery. The British Government wanted the Northern Ireland conflict to be viewed as something criminal that could be dealt with by ordinary policing methods. However, behind the scenes M15 would direct the war against the IRA.The Maoist strategy would be viewed as having been at its most successful for the IRA in areas such as South Armagh. However, large urban areas in Belfast and Derry were also viewed as being success stories. Lynagh intended liberating large geographical areas of Tyrone, Fermanagh and CountyDerry. He intended blowing up British military infrastructure and then attacking anyone who attempted to rebuild that infrastructure. Hence Loughgall was one such target, the idea was to simply blow up the unmanned RUC station and send a clear message to the loyalist people in that area. This type of attack would be viewed by Lynagh and his fellow commander Patrick Kelly as a spectacular, they had carried out similar attacks and so Loughgall was expected to be a soft yet important target.However, unknown to Lynagh and his comrades their plan was already known to the British security services. I can exclusively reveal that three weeks before the IRA attacked Loughgall, SAS members had used the firing range at the RUC forensic lab in Belfast to test fire weapons similar to those that would be used by the IRA unit at Loughgall. The reason the SAS test fired such weapons was so that they could identity and distinguish friendly fire from hostile fire on the night. These weapons that were test fired at the firing range in Belfast were signed in and out in a normal fashion, so records do exist. There has been much speculation about who set the IRA unit up for execution however; much of that speculation has come from those who wish to conceal the truth, I will deal with this aspect in a moment. Jim Lynagh had travelled from Monaghan the evening before the Loughgall attack and he had went to a safe house in Coalisland in CountyTyrone.Extra members of the SAS had been specially drafted into the North in preparation for the Loughgall executions. This SAS team and its back up units from the RUC and other British Army Regiments had very clear orders; nobody was to get out of the kill zone that had been set. The SAS armed with good information and state of the art machine guns just had to sit and wait for their quarry. At approximately 7pm on the 8th of May 1987 the IRA unit drove their digger loaded with explosive through the front gates of what was supposed to be an unmanned RUC station. However, in order for the SAS to stay within their Yellow Card rules, they had placed some of their men at the back of the RUC station so that they could later claim that lives were in danger and that is why they had to open fire.The van containing Jim Lynagh and the other members of the Unit was rained upon with SAS gun fire. All eight IRA volunteers were executed. However, the SAS could not stop the bomb from exploding and much of the RUC station was demolished by the blast. What I can reveal exclusively is that when the bomb exploded a large piece of the steel bucket ripped open the side of the van in which the IRA volunteers lay dead. Indeed had the operation went ahead as planned it is certain that at least some of the IRA volunteers may well have been injured or killed by the shrapnel from the digger bucket. However, no accident was needed, the eight IRA volunteers were executed. In keeping with their orders to execute everyone in the kill zone the SAS further executed an innocent passer-by Anthony Hughes and left his innocent brother for dead.The morning following the executions at Loughgall I was amazed that some republicans were already offering explanations as to how the eight IRA men had ended up dead. One active member of the East Tyrone IRA said, The SAS were lying in wait around several RUC stations in Tyrone, it was just bad luck. This was said only hours after the executions at Loughgall, surely anyone with an ounce of common sense would know that this was nonsense. The SAS did not have the man power in the north at that time or at any other time to lie about for weeks on end around remote RUC stations. I think that these words spoken by an active member of the East Tyrone Brigade of the PIRA only hours after the Loughgall executions are telling. While I have absolutely no suspicions in relation to the IRA volunteer who spoke these words, I do have suspicions about the more intellectually able person who put those words and ideas into his head.Following the Loughgall executions the SAS gathered up all of the IRA weapons used in the attack. The weapons included three Heckler and Kock rifles, one FN rifle, two FNC rifles, a Ruger revolver and a Spas-12 Shot gun. Forensic examination of the weapons later revealed that they had been used to kill 7 people and used in the attempted killing of 12 others. One of the guns recovered had actually been taken two years earlier from an RUC man. These weapons were familiar to the SAS soldiers who recovered them as they had test fired similar weapons only three weeks before the executions.It is fair to say that any one thinking out side of the box on the Loughgall executions knew well that this was a well planned British attack that was only possible with good forward intelligence. Some time after the Loughgall executions a young Loughgall woman was kidnapped by the IRA and it was being whispered that she was the Loughgall informer; however, for this writer such a suggestion is at best perverse. Setting aside specific intelligence that brought about the executions at Loughgall, the Key to the slaughter at Loughgall and the border counties in general during this periodis two fold. The British viewed the Adams/Mc Guinness leadership as being in a state of weakness due to the fact that the Adams/Mc Guinness leadership had approached the Brits with a view to making a deal. The clandestine meetings between Mc Guinness and M16 agent Michael Oakley had simply strengthened the British view that the IRA could be brought to heel.The British then adopted a twin track approach to the IRA. The British would engage in clandestine dialogue with the Adams/Mc Guinness leadership, while at the same time directing large security resource at those aspects of the IRA that would not be so easily tamed. This twin track approach by the British meant that M15 and the SAS would focus on the men under the control of Kevin Mc Kenna (East Tyrone) (IRA Chief of Staff) and Thomas Slab Murphy in south Armagh. This campaign against the Hawks in the IRA continued into the 1990s, while Mc Guinness and Adams were engaged in talks with, the British, Freestate establishment and the SDLP. In 2001 the European Court of Human Rights ruled that the eight IRA members who were executed at Loughgall had their Human rights violated by the failure of the British Government to conduct a proper investigation into the circumstances of their deaths. However, these trivial declarations do little or nothing by way of establishing the truth into what happened in Loughgall on the night of the 8th May 1987. New information disclosed here show why the truth about Loughgall will never be told.The Loughgall informer did not die in Loughgall on the night of the 8th of May 1987 as suggested by some who have vested interests. The Loughgall informer like so many before him continues to live a life full of lies and deceit, just as did Dennis Donaldson and so many others. The Loughgall informer may well not have realised what the end result of his clandestine meeting would be, however, he should come for ward now and tell the truth in the knowledge that we now live in a new political dispensation. The families of the eight men executed in Loughgall deserve to know the truth, so look deep within and find the strength to come forward. This writer is certain that the first indicator the British got in relation to Loughgall was three weeks before the Loughgall executions when Patrick Paddy Kelly went to MonaghanTown to meet Jim Lynagh. However, Lynagh was not about when Kelly went to look for him and Kelly made the fatal mistake of making inquiries about Lynaghs where abouts with another Monaghan republican.What is for certain is that Patrick Kelly, Jim Lynagh, Padraig Mc Kearney, Declan Arthurs, Seamus Donnelly, Eugene Kelly, Gerry O Callaghan and Tony Gormley were clinically executed. However, these men would have sought no apology from the Brits in relation to the way they were killed; they died as they would have expected to die, fighting the Brits. What they would want however, is for the truth to be established in relation to the Loughgall informer. Why that has not happened, holds little mystery. There is only so many Dennis Donaldsons that the republican leadership can handle, and particularly if dealing with the Loughgall informer would mean up setting some solid republican voting trends in any particular area. In the period 1987-1992 the East Tyrone Brigade had 28 members executed by the British security forces, compare this to the number of IRA volunteers killed in areas such as Belfast and Derry where the leadership were in clandestine talks with the British.This writer is also bemused at the comments made by some republican commentators who appear on internet video clips relating to Jim Lynagh and the Loughgall executions. These commentators barely able to write their own names dare to speculate that Jim Lynagh would have supported Sinn Feins participation in the British partitionist Stormont Assembly. One only has to look at how little sacrifice these commentators made to realise that their words are nothing more than the utterances of Sinn Fein glove puppets.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful CommentsMentalist acer9 months ago Old wounds will never heal if situations like this are  resolved in a political manner.theirishobserver.9 months ago Mentalist acer - I agree with your thoughts on this matter - I just dont see the logic in pursuing people for political reasons in a fragile peace process...thanks for your commentsheila b.9 months ago I can see the issue from both sides, but in the end it seems the government is stirring up old passions and hatreds by doing this.thevoice9 months ago peace writing hub s great thanksPamela999 months ago It seems to me that stirring up something this old doesn't do anything good for anyone.  I agree with you and don't see the logic in it;theirishobserver.9 months ago Shelia, the voice, Pamela thanks for your comments - it is good to get feed back from people who may not be close to the situation so that I can see how this situation looks to the out side world....thanksSinging Bill9 months ago Irish,You are a gifted writer.  I always enjoy your hubs.  The reverberations of violence reach far and long.  Your country has endured so much for so long.  I am very happy that you seem to be one of the success stories of those who were caught up in the violence that has beset your country for so many years.  You and your country will be in my prayers.Billtheirishobserver.9 months ago Bill many thanks for your considered comments....hope you are well and you are having a great day.....Irishtheirishobserver.7 months ago thanks for all your comments....IrishSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesSinn Fein Councillor's Husband Denies Role In Attempting to Murder Postman in the NewsTerrorism comes to ArizonaCrikey1 second agoViolence does not happen in a vacuum, and it is right to point to the escalating intensity of America's political discourse as a likely factor in this sort of incident.Chavez calls burning of gov't building terrorismFox News1 second agoVenezuelan authorities have evidence of arson in a fire that badly damaged a government building used by officials carrying out farm seizures, President Hugo Chavez said Sunday, calling it an ac...Chavez calls burning of gov't building terrorismBoston Globe1 second agoVenezuelan authorities have evidence of arson in a fire that badly damaged a government building used by officials carrying out farm seizures, President Hugo Chavez said Sunday, calling it an act of terrorism.83theirishobserver.From Ireland437 Followers81 HubsJoined 12 months agoRead more hubs by theirishobserver.Contact theirishobserver.Follow theirishobserver.Subscribe to theirishobserver.'s RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk theirishobserver. a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsIs This Good Justice If A Rapist is Allowed To Escape Criminal Prosecution By Marrying The Victim?asked by ngureco 10 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionHow many people agree with the 'shoe bomber' being prosecuted in federal court?asked by SOBF 11 months ago8 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsTerrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 7 - Shoot to...by theirishobserver.Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 3 - Politics and...by theirishobserver.Kieran Doherty - Derry RIRA Executionby iskra1916Brendan Hughes: A Life in the IRAby iskra1916Part 2 - ObamaCares New Presidential Army? - The Ready...by KFlippinWhat Is It With Our Judges?by Pollyannalana Fighting Terrorism ForumTopicRepliesWas The Iraq War Worth It?posted by ryankett191I guess I'll go first...posted by Mark Us17World Cup Seizedposted by theirishobserver.4Post a new topic7 more topics Tagscrime murder terrorism ireland ira  court Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.395 sec)  working