The Ta Power DocumentHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesEurope Political and Social IssuesIreland Political and Social IssuesThe Ta Power DocumentThe Ta Power Document74rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy iskra1916Ta Power and the IRSM See all 31 photosThomas 'Ta' Power Ta Power with his brother Jim (RIP - who was killed on active service) & a friendTa Power & John O'Reilly (RIP - both were murdered at the Rossnaree Hotel by the enemies of the IRSM)Seamus Costello    (RIP - founder of the IRSM)Joe McCann    (RIP - a militant member of the OIRA)Belfast Irish National Liberation ArmySouth Derry INLAThe Irish Republican Socialist PartyA mural painted remembering Michael Devine (RIP) who was the last hugerstriker to die.  Of the HBlock martyrs roughly a third were from the Republican Socialist MovementVol Patsy O'Hara (RIP)Vol Mickey Devine (RIP)Vol Kevin Lynch (RIP)Links The Ta Power DocumentThe Ta Power Document: An Essay on the History of The Irish Republican Socialist MovementIrish Republican Socialist Forum - HomeThe Irish Republican Socialist Movement shopFallen Comrades of the IRSMIntroduction To The Ta Power DocumentWe hear a lot about the Ta Power Document but what exactly does it contain? Certainly, one can read the Ta Power critique in an afternoon, but in my opinion the best way to appreciate fully what is contained in his critique, is to take the time to read it as one would approach a serious study. This is because there is so much data compounded into those 67 pages, that a quick reading will not do justice to the project, which was so comprehennsively written, under the most difficult of conditions in a cramped prison cell!It is also helpful to acquaint oneself with the life of Thomas Ta Power as the INLA guerilla and the Revolutionary Socialist theorist. Ta Power's life was very closely associated with the earlier years of the Irish Republican Socialist Movement. Contained within the pages of the Ta Power Document is the genuine, early history of the Irish Republican Socialist Movement, written by a Marxist Guerrilla who knew only too well, that as a revolutionary he was simply a "deadman on leave!" James Connolly, Ireland's first Marxist Revolutionary, wrote 89 years before Ta Power's assassination that:"Apostles of Freedom are ever idolised when dead, but crucified when alive." They were prophetic words both for Connolly and for Ta Power!Thomas Ta Power was a guerrilla fighter and a Republican Socialist activist, whose Revolutionary actions were backed up with an insightful analysis of the age old struggle for Irish National Liberation. The Republic that Ta Power believed was worth fighting for, was one that garuanteed economic liberty for the Irish Proletariat, not just an exchange of one ruling class for the homegrown Gombeen variety. Ta Power believed in the Workers Republic of James Connolly, who rejected traditional Nationalism, just as much as British Imperialism. Ta Power's legacy to us all were many, but his insightful analysis of what a Revolutionary party needs to structure, to become the vanguard for a Workers Republic, is perhaps the legacy that is most relevent today. The Ta Power Essay could arguably be described as being as important to Irish Republican Socialism, as VI Lenin's What is to be Done was to the Bolsheviks!Contemporary comrades of Ta Power will have their own personal and Revolutionary memories of one of Irelands most outstanding Republican Socialists, who by all accounts was very much in the same tradition as the late Seamus Costello. It is glaringly apparent that the state feared Ta Power and that they viewed him as a dangerous foe. The RUC held him in de facto internment without trial for nearly 5 years, on the word of 5 seperate bribed supergrass perjurers! When he was assassinated in January, 1987, along with John O'Reilly, at the Rosnaree Hotel, by members of a counter-revolutionary cabal, we can be sure that Imperialism uttered a sigh of relief!Before his tragic assassination at the tender age of 33, Ta Power spent his lengthy time in prison conducting a root and branch analysis of the Revolutionary forces involved in the struggle for National Liberation and Socialism in Ireland. Ta Power recognises the leading role of Republican Socialism's most outstanding advocate Seamus Costello and the nearly incalculable loss to the movement by his assassination by an OIRA gunman. He pulls no punches in his critique of the IRSM's varied fortunes but his analysis points out that at the heart of any excesses were structural defects, which made those mistakes not only possible but inevitabl!.He begins by plotting the course of the Republican Movement pre-1969 and again pre-1974:"the Republican Movement at that time, as indeed throughout its history was a monolithic movement, ideologically united and disciplined in its strategy & tactics." (1)Ta Power writes that even at that time, within the monolithic Republican Movement, a Reformist tendecy was gaining in strength, in tandem with the more traditionalist Republican strands and the more Socialistic strands. A smaller, more radical trend, centred round Seamus Costello, sought to marry the need for both National Liberation and Socialism, seeing them as intrinically linked. The Official IRA leadership was at variance with the more militant grassroots and Ta Power cites the friction between the militant,Joe McCann and the reformist Sticky leadership. Costello was of the same militant ilk and similarily was victimised by the Sticky leadership, culminating in his eventual expulsion at the 1974 Official Sinn fein Ard Fheis.Power rightly states that:"the dismissal of Costello formalised what was already a fact...'the parting of the ways' of a revolutionary & reformist strategy on the National question!" (2)In the gaols and all over Ireland, the IRSP grew out of the militant grassroots, dissafected membership of the O.I.R.A. In Belfast the Sticky leadership ordered attacks on the fledgling IRSP, which initially left 3 dead and many more wounded. When Counter-Revolutionary attacks on the fledgling IRSP, ordered by the Sticky leadership were concerned, Ta Power points out ironically that:"the arms the officials had starved & denied their own membership to confront Imperialism had been delivered in plenty!" (3)Power was just as scathing of the Provisionals, as he was of the Officials leadership in his critique. While he viewed the reformism of the Stickies, as ignoring the elephant in the livingroom of Partition, he viewed the Provisionals as being hopelessly elitist. Ta Power correctly saw the Irish Republican Socialist Movement as the only vehicle to:"stand for the unity of the anti-imperialist struggle & the class struggle." (4)He saw that a movement which had equal emphasis on the struggle for both Socialism and National Liberation, was ultimately capable of leading an anti-Imperialist Broad Front, while the IRSP retained the core recognition that there could be no parliamentary road to socialism. However, their poliitical agitation was not to be restricted by elitist traditional Abstentionism, although in some circumstances that would be acceptable as a tactic. The anti-Imperialist Broad Front would adhere to core progressive Republican principles. Ta Power rounds off his recounting of the complicated birth of the Irish Republican Socialist Movement, by recalling that by mid-1975, the worst of the Official IRA attacks had ended and by later in the year the IRSP had a politically healthy membership of 800 nationally. The party had a quarterly internal theoretical bulletin, plus the monthly newspaper The Starry Plough. Basically by this stage, Ta Power states that the IRSM had survived the Counter-Revolutionary Official IRA attempts to strangle it at birth and Republican Socialism was on the road to party stability, progress and growth.Ta Power continues with his historical analysis of the IRSM by stating that after a brief period on the road to party political stability, following the early attacks on the fledgling movement by the Stickies, the party had a healthy active membership. The southern Free Stater government then set out to systematically smash the Republican Socialist Movement. By April 1976, after the Sallins train Robbery, the Gardai's Heavy Gang conducted systematic brutality on IRSP members, culminating in the framing of 6 party members for the Mail train robbery. Amnesty International were partly responsible for exposing the brutality of the Garda Heavy Gangs habitual tactics of torture and perverting the course of justice, to frame those they perceived to be Enemies of the State.In the 6 counties of the North of Ireland, the IRSM were involved in all facets of the anti-Imperialist struggle which included guerrilla actions against the British occupational forces. The IRSM also took a leading role in the agitation against the Criminalisation of Republican POW's both inside and outside the gaols, which included the first successfull mass escape from Long Kesh concentration camp..Ta Power stressed the massive blow to the Republican Socialist Movement caused by the assassination of Seamus Costello:"the sheer stature of the revolutionary Seamus Costello is too great for what can be expressed in feeble words, yet words are the only (way) to express & convey this stature albeit in a feeble way" (1)He goes on to list many of the testimonials to Seamus Costello's outstanding Revolutionary character from Nora Connolly O'Brien, Fr Piaras O'Duill, Sean Doyle and Dr Noel Browne. He reccounts the lengthy list of elected and appointed positions held by Seamus Costello from 1964 until his tragic murder in October 1977.What is to be done?From page 14 Ta Power begins his 'what is to be done' and quotes Seamus Costello:"..we must make no secret of the fact that we are a Revolutionary party, prepared to give leadership on the streets as well as in the elected chambers & that we are out for a revolutionary state." (2)Ta Power's sentiments in this part of his critique echo those of Seamus Costello in that he advises a multi-faceted Revolutionary approach. For instance, agitation both on the streets and in elected bodies, stating that there is:"no easy way to the Socialist Republic, no shortcuts!" (3)Power bluntly states that neither can the RSM fool the Irish working class, as they know only too well who the phoneys are:"we must be vigilant that we dont sink into the morass of sectarianism, mixing, pettiness etc. We must not get involved in unprincipled slagging matches etc or into positions that are sectarian, anti-revolutionary, morally damaging that give succour to the enemy & that confuse & divide the working class" (4)Ta Power states that an important facet of Republican Socialism is that it should be able to describe it's vision for a Democratic Socialist Republic, not just limit their vision to the transitional stages and the process to achieve it. He again echoes James Connolly, in his belief that it is only by the actions of the Irish working class that the age old project of Ireland's National Liberation can be achieved. Bourgeois parties will always compromise with Imperialism, which VI Lenin accurately decribed as the highest stage of Capitalism. Ta Power writes of the unity of the pro-Imperialist forces, only being beaten by a unified coalition or a Broad Front of anti-Imperialist forces. Power advocated the convening of a conference of anti-Imperialist parties. This is very relevent in today's context where Irish republicanism is very much splintered, despite various calls for 'Republican Unity.' He criticizes Stageism, as adhered to by the likes of the Stickies, as a deflection from the National Liberation struggle:"it is only by strengthening ourselves ideologically, inculcating in ourselves the values & ideals of the struggle and building up the ranks of the revolutionary party that we will make it! Finally, we must constantly review, criticize & self criticize all aspects of our actions, policies, tactics etc. Keep appraising the whole situation & keep striving to raise the class consciousness, spirit & capacity to fight & win of the working class." (5)Ta Power utilises Marxian Dialectics to explain the relationship between the political activities of the IRSM, which he refers to as (group) A and the military wing as (group) B. He states that A should guide B but due to cited structural defects (group) B ended up being the dominant element and therefore a very retarded form of Praxis existed. He states that for many within B, overtly political work was viewed as being unimportant and unfashionable:"therefore there arises a definite trend of spurning "A"[political] type work as being beneath their standing, style etc; there arises contempt for those involved in "A" type work " (6)He asks why exactly political work came to be looked down as a form of Revolutionary struggle, despite there being so many extremely intelligent individuals involved. This political culture within the IRSM led to fractionalism and powerbuilding:"Are we amateurs & not professionals? We know the lessons of history, we know the mistakes & we either act accordingly or collapse. Salvation lies in clarity & the courage to implement change!" (7)Ta Power states that doing things in half-measures will only prove to be counter-productive, as the road to hell is paved with good intentions! He then uses Lenin's polemic against the SR's in Russia, to critique the purely Militarist tendencies within the then IRSM. It is worth noting that Lenin and therefore Ta Power are using the term 'terrorism' in the sociological sense here, not the bourgeois subjective sense:"their terrorism is not connected in any ways with work among the masses......it distracts our very scanty organisational resources from their difficult & by no means complete task of organising a revolutionary party " (8)Ta Power admits that the IRSM were the main beneficiaries of disillusionment within the OIRA in Long Kesh, in the early 1970's, which produced a ready made reservoir of recruits but at the time it was in a volatile state. At first the gaol authorities did not grant recognition to the IRSP prisoners but after the correct pressure was applied, they did give in. Shortly after this the infant IRSP had the morale boost of 5 prisoners escaping from Newry courthouse and the mass escape of 9 prisoners escaping from Long Kesh via a tunnel in May 1976. However, by this stage political status was being phased out by the British as part of their Ulsterisation aka "Normalisation" counter revolutionary strategy. The H-Blocks of Long Kesh concentration camp then became the main focus of the anti-Imperialist struggle for the Republican Socialist Movement and indeed the entire Irish Republican community:"suddenly, captured republicans were thrown back to an active role & again to the forefront of the struggle. Their courage, resolve & mettle would be tested to the full. The tremendous responsibility, which was imposed on them, was a heavy burden to carry but carry it they did!" (9)As well as invigorating the Republican Socialist Movement, the campaign for political status was a double edged sword:"with the end of [political] status came the end of segregation. The effects of this on our movement was more profound than are sometimes realised. Because of our numerical weakness we were always a minority within the broad republican family & this created further problems for us. The IRA always set the tempo & pace but we always retained our seperate organisational structures, independence & identity ." (10) Iskra 04/06/2010vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome Beautiful  The INLA Execution of Billy WrightGuide To Northern Irish Sectarian DivisionsCommentsJamesy7 months ago great stuff!its fantastic to see someone retains an interest in the writins of ta powerpatrick fealey7 months ago ta's struggle, that of the IRSM, needs to be separated for outsiders who think of the struggle in blunt terms. the ORIA is revealed to be rather conservative and homicidal toward its own. in the USA the groups tend to be hastily grouped together as the enemy of england and capitalism, without regard for their fine and gigantic differences, usually as the IRA. revolution versus reformism are lost in the nightly news.iskra19162 months ago Thanks Patrick!I think that is an accurate assessment of perceptions in the USA.Go raibh maith agatSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesIRSP VideoIrish Republican Socialism INLA VideoRadical Politics in Modern Ireland: The History of the Irish Socialist Republican Party 1896-1904Amazon Price: $28.94List Price: $57.50Irish Republican Socialist PartyAmazon Price: $49.99List Price: $51.00Political Parties Established in 1896: National Democratic Party, Irish Socialist Republican Party, Fusion Party, National-Social AssociationAmazon Price: $14.13List Price: $14.14Irische Partei: Sinn Fin, Green Party, Fianna Fil, Fine Gael, Irish Labour Party, Socialist Party, Republican Sinn Fin, Parteien (German Edition)Amazon Price: $14.14William O'Brien, 1881-1968: Socialist, Republican, Dail Deputy, Editor, and Trade Union LeaderAmazon Price: $64.75List Price: $70.00Justice For Robert LewandowskiA terrible injustice was visited upon a Belfast homeless man, Robert Lewandowski, who was jailed on the 29th of December 2010 at thelocal Magistrates Court, for the simple reason that he sought shelter in an... - 8 days agoWater Shortage Chaos in North of IrelandFollowing the near Arctic conditions that Ireland experienced in the run-up to the Christmas period of 2010, the North ofIreland is now experiencing severe water shortages! Many homes in the Northern 6... - 10 days agoJulian Assange - The USA's LitvinenkoThe Western Superpower's 'Litvinenko'  Julian Assange and Wikileaks have figured heavily in news headlines globally for over a month. Perhaps not surprisingly, the serious allegations against Assange have... - 12 days agoIreland's White Christmas ChaosChristmas 2010 has seen Ireland experiencing the coldest weather in at least a generation! For almost a week temperatures have not risen above freezing, most areas are covered in snow and Western Ireland has... - 2 weeks agoHelium Gas TragedyIn November 2010 a 13 year old schoolgirl, Jordan McDowell, from Monkstown near Belfast, died from the effects of inhaling Helium gas used for inflating party balloons. Up until Jordan's tragic death the... - 3 weeks agoI.R.S.P 2011 Calendar - Now Available!The Irish Republican Socialist Party's 2011 calendar is now available!  The Irish Republican Socialist Movement 2011 calendar contains images of IRSP activism throughout the year, memorials to INLA Volunteers... - 4 weeks agoThe  I.R.S.P - Radical Irish RepublicanismThe Irish Republican Socialist Party has, since it's formation in 1974, always been the most radical and progressive grouping within Irish Republican politics. Since it's foundation the Irish Republican... - 4 weeks agoBelfast DoorstaffBeing a 'Bouncer', or 'Door-Supervisor' as it is now officially called during the era of regulation and registration, has always been a thankless task, with few perks, work related benefits or employer... - 5 weeks agoNews from BelfastBelfast police hunt knife raiderThe Irish Times28 hours agoPolice in Belfast are hunting for a man who held a knife to the throat of a female member of staff during a robbery at a supermarket last night.Basketball Ireland weekend round-upRTE News1 second agoBelfast Star left 11890 Killester stunned in the Nivea For Mens SuperLeague, while UL Eagles and UCD Marian prepared for their National Cup clashes next weekend with wins over DCU Saints and Ulster Elks respectively.Belfast tribute to PostlethwaiteBBC News5 days agoThe family of Giuseppe Conlon, one of the Gilford Four, pay tribute to the actor Pete PostlethwaiteBelfast Giants hit top formBelfast Telegraph37 hours agoNottingham Panthers 3 Belfast Giants 3: It's first blood to the Belfast Giants as they came back from the dead to claim victory in the first of three successive games against the Nottingham Panthers to move three points clear at the top of the Elite League table.North Belfast trio in New Years HonoursBelfast Telegraph3 days agoThree people from north Belfast will be among those honoured by the Queen in the New Years Honours list. Related Stories Roberts backing Javier at Oscars Mitchel: Hannah Montana can live on Eminem's album ranks as top seller Duvall makes a lasting impression Banks: Crowe is the bee's kneesSix people rescued from Belfast flats fire - VideoU TV8 hours agoSix people have been rescued after a fire broke out on the sixteenth floor of a block of flats in north Belfast. - Video availableNew year honours for east Belfast trioBelfast Telegraph3 days agoEast Belfast will be on the map this year with a number of local people making the Queens New Years Honours List. Related Stories Civic efforts earn New Year honours On the grapevine - January 5 Brian Wilson to quit Stormont Readers digest disruption Portaferry RNLI in rescueSearch for Belfast war heros family after jungle gives up its dead 65 years onBelfast Telegraph2 days agoIt was the final months of the Second World War. British, American and Chinese forces had defeated the Japanese in northern Burma in March 1945. Related Stories Date set for prisoner death inquest 13 swine flu deaths 'not concern' Northern Irelands secret arms deal Woman arrested in cocaine swoop 50% of teachers have suffered abuse88iskra1916From Belfast, Ireland.124 Followers155 HubsJoined 14 months agoRead more hubs by iskra1916Contact iskra1916Follow iskra1916Subscribe to iskra1916's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk iskra1916 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWould you jump on an opportunity to realize your MLM dreams and be able to help all MLMer's sell?asked by wad4 9 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionWho do you think could emerge as a strong leader in the GOP to restore the conservative agenda?asked by Springboard 12 months ago7 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThe Starry Plough - The Flag Of Irish Republican Socialismby iskra1916A Guide To Dissident Republicansby iskra1916Ta Power And The IRSPby iskra1916Workers Republic - Newsletter of the IRSPby iskra1916Republican Action Against Drugsby iskra1916The INLA Announcement On Weaponsby iskra1916 Ireland Political and Social Issues ForumTopicRepliesWhats the Answer to this Problemposted by theirishobserver.16President Ordered Murder of Young Motherposted by theirishobserver.10'The Lisbon Treaty -Ireland October 2nd- Yes or Noposted by ScarletRyan197024Post a new topicTagsrepublican revolutionary irsp inla socialist movement attacks fledgling irsp Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.973 sec)  working