Finding a Dead BodyHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHealthFinding a Dead BodyFinding a Dead Body83rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy emmabalmer It's not like you go out searching for one. It's just not something most people want to see. Finding a dead body is almost always a very traumatic experience, and that's because that it's almost always a friend, relative, or other loved one that finds the body. The InevitableThe simple fact is that every single one of us will die. Consequently, someone will find the body. The circumstances can vary but the psychological impact remains the same. Take, for instance, the elderly lady that finds her elderly husband in bed and he won't wake up. On the other end of the spectrum we have search parties of hundreds of voulunteers looking for the body of an abducted teenager, and although they are looking for it, they are never prepared to actually find the body. Finding a dead body has such a psychological impact because none of us ever wants to say goodbye.The Initial Reaction The initial reaction is almost always shock, and that's completely understandable. The other reactions branch off from this because everybody is different. For example, that initial shock might turn into frantic behavior, shortness of breath, dizzying thoughts, sadness, nausea, terror, confusion, or even acceptance.What Next? This will depend on the situation. Sometimes that initial shock turns into frantic behavior and the person who finds the body attempts CPR or some other life-saving technique although it's clear that the person has been dead awhile. If the death was expected (elderly folks or those with terminal illness), the best bet would be to call the Police (not 9-1-1!) and the funeral home of your choice. By calling 9-1-1, you will require the city to send out the ambulance and they will be required to attempt CPR. That is unneccessary and wastes taxpayer dollars. I can't tell you how many calls my husband has gone out on like that (he's a medic). By calling the Police, they will coordinate everything and call the coroner. Once the coroner is done with his investigation, the funeral home will transport the body back to the mortuary.If the death was not expected (young person or the body was found in an unusual location for example), then you should call 9-1-1. If there aren't any visible signs of decomposition (purple or green discoloration, purge, bloating, etc.) and the body looks like it could still be alive, attempt CPR immediately after calling 9-1-1.Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human CadaversAmazon Price: $3.96List Price: $13.95The Psychological Impact Finding a dead body, especially that of a loved one, is very traumatic. It broke my grandma's heart to find my grandfather "asleep" in bed. She took his coffee to him and he wouldn't wake up. Even though his dying of a heart attack in his sleep was a shock, it wasn't completely unexpected for his age and weight. Nevertheless, for my grandmother to find him like that sealed a permanent unpleasant image in her mind. My husband has a very tragic story about him walking into his house to find that his roommate had shot himself in the head. Although he was clearly dead, my medic husband attempted CPR because coming upon such a scene made him frantic. What he saw that day is permanently imprinted in his mind. It's just something that you can never forget not matter how much you want to. A Funeral Can Help The idea of a funeral is to offer an environment that's conducive to the grieving process. It's a place where it's okay to cry, laugh, share memories, and reflect on the life of a loved one. If embalming has taken place and the body is viewable, there may be a time set aside for a viewing or visitation period. This will help allow for a more decent "memory picture" in your mind of your deceased loved one. The embalming process can drastically alter the appearance of the body by taking away any discoloration and setting the features to make the body look more peaceful and at rest. Final Thoughts I hope that you never have to go through the terrible tragedy of finding a dead body, but if you do, just know that you're not alone. Just keep your cool and contact the right authorities to handle the situation.Riding a Dead PlanAmazon Price: $0.99Soul Shift: Finding Where the Dead GoAmazon Price: $9.19List Price: $16.95TwilightAmazon Price: $0.99C1865 Finding Body Harold Dead Man Vernon Gallery PrintAmazon Price: $14.81vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (4)Funny Awesome Beautiful Being a Mortician: Verses For Memorial Cards & Poems For FuneralsBeing a Mortician: How To Write An ObituaryCommentsDJ Funktual2 years ago Wow.  ....................................... Wow.   Great HUBrockinjoe2 years ago It's not a pleasant thing. When I was a little kid, I was at the beach with my mom and she noticed an old man who (she thought) had been in the water too long. The guy's wife was asleep in a beach chair. No lifeguards were on duty, so my mom went in and pulled him out. He apparently had a heart attack while swimming.  The widow said he hadn't been swimming in years. Very sad and my first peek at a dead body. I was 5 or 6.emmabalmer2 years ago Wow rockinjoe, that's an incredible story! I'll bet you remember that day pretty well, huh? Hard to forget something like that. I was hoping that people would share their stories even though it might be difficult. Thanks.DJ Funktual2 years ago I don't have a story but I feel you're doinga great thing to let people know what to do because they don't have any pre-programmed responses to a sitch like that.  Fantastic HUB emma. Looking forward to reading more of you.vreccc2 years ago Emma,I always find it traumatic when I see a dead body. Every funeral I've been to I always end up blubbering like a baby. When I lived in China I saw a dead body on the side of the road early one morning when I was riding my scooter back home on a country road. That was more scary than traumatic. I was riding along on my scooter when I saw what I indeed thought was a body lying on the side of the road. As I got closer, I noticed it (hmmm. my mind just typed 'it' and not 'he') didn't have a shirt on. Closer... and I saw a huge gash in its side. At the point I freaked and swerved my bike to the other side of the road and kept on riding. I didn't know what to do and just felt it was better to move on. It was early in the morning so I knew it would be discovered quite quickly. But, I must say, coming up on that so early in the morning and being all alond was indeed quite freaky. emmabalmer2 years ago What a story! Wow. That would freak me out too. I mean, if it could happen to that guy in a seemingly violent way, it could have happened to you or any of us!PCaholicDotCom2 years ago Great Hub! I've never found a dead body but I was 10 or 11 when I saw my grandfather in a casket... my first experience with a deceased person.I had heard a story once about a man from (london maybe?) who had passed away in his apartment. I guess he had his rent automatically come out of his retirement check and his chair was near the door...The mail person would always slide his mail through the slot and one day he noticed (somehow) that the mail wasn't falling to the floor (couldn't hear it or something).Apparently the guy didn't have any family and he was deceased for 4 years or something like that and his rent auto-paid and the mail piled up nearly 4-5 feet between him in the chair and the door.~PeterG-Ma Johnson2 years ago I love to read your hubs because no one wants to talk about this stuff. It is a good thing to face what we all have to deal with one day..sooner then we think. My first dead body was my younger sister's who died in her home of breast cancer I didn't want to go in her room but her eldest son (of 22) said A. Merle Ann you need to see her. She looked so peaceful..all the wrinkles from the pain were gone. she looked like she was in a much better place and I was actually so glad I viewed her. we were very close as I am the oldest of 4 girls.She had suffered for many years and left 4 children behind...Thank You for preparing us for what will eventually affect all of us. You are a sweetie and so young to be doing this..I am amazed at you. God Bless You G-Ma :o) hugsJarrodHaze2 years ago Very good advice.The only thing I would add is some advice for an autopsy.  I would recommend always allowing one, whether the death was for natural causes or not.While I was an intern at Yale's Department of Pathology as an autopsy technician there were several instances in which we discovered a tumor, signs of heart disease, or other genetic factors that went undiagnosed during the patient's life.  It was not until the autopsy these things were discovered.The useful part of this is to serve the living: finding undiagnosed signs of genetic diseases or conditions can help the living seek treatment or take preventative measures now that they know they're an at-risk group.The above guidelines are great, though... I'm glad that you're also telling people to call the police department rather than 911.  :) stonesweetie2 years ago I appreciate all your comments about finding a dead body.  My grandaughter was at her aunts house last night and got up this am and found her aunts friend asleep on the couch.  Someone was knocking at the door and she wasn't supposed to answer it so she tried waking the man on the couch.  When he didn't wake up, she went in and found her aunt.  It was then that her aunt figured out the man was dead.  My grandaughter seems fine with what happened and says it is nothing bothering her.  My concern is the *trauma* may rear its ugly head down the road.  I'd like some feedback as to what we should do for her in the interim.  Thanks.Legacy2 years ago Thank you for your HUb.  I found my father's body after he had been gone a few days. His body was not in very good condition. I was the only family around and I went into shock.  As long as I kept busy I was ok.  That was not quite a year ago and I still cry everyday.  My dad and I were very close. All I remember of my dad still is what I found.  There are no happy childhood memories because I dont remember any of them.  My psychologist does not know why I have repressed all the memories and am torturing myself with nightmares.  Everyone is different and will handle it all differently.  If you meet someone that has found a loved ones body dont judge how they are now or say you understand because unless you have found one you dont totally get it.  I thought I could imagine it before but I couldnt-it is nothing compared to the reality.Stonesweetie,I had my son with me when I found my dad.  Depending on the age of your grand daughter it may take a couple years before it comes out.  Dont push her but let her know it is ok to talk about and ok to ask questions.  Answer all her questions age appropriately.  It may not bother her simply because she didnt really knwow the person.  You can also just in conversation ask her what she things happens when something dies.  You may be surprised at what she comes out with and that may be why she is ok with things but make sure to corect any "real" errors in her thinking(like that she can se the person again or go for a visit).  Kids are very resilientUhLeeSuh2 years ago I'm 35 years old and I find it difficult to figure out why I've been the one designated to find dead loved ones. Most people I'm sure, go through life without ever seeing a dead body. I have found two of my friends dead! When I was 20 years old, one of my roommates committed suicide with sleeping pills and antidepressants. I will never forget the appearrance of his skin. They call it lividity (spelling?) but I knew not from learning, but from something else in my mind that he was dead....I knew it didn't look right....it looked very wrong. It was a little more than 14 years later that I found a very close family friend dead. Since I was older (this was 11 months ago), it seemed to register on a different level. When I was 20, I almost didn't even get it, or perhaps less capable of dealing with what the hell just happened. This time, I knew what it was immediately. I saw his skin and knew he had been dead for hours....and knowing that there is nothing you can do to change it or reverse it, and its too late to prevent it, is incomprehensible. It is shock, and its hard to tell when the shock wears off. I do feel like I've gone through the grieving process, but I do wonder how this effected me on a less conscious level. I don't know how to tell if I'm dealing with it well, or if I'm supressing it. I feel like I've dealt with the passing of this person, but the trauma of finding him, I don't know.All the best to all of you dealing with something like this alsoemmabalmer2 years ago I am so sorry that you had to experience that. My husband, too, found his roommate after he'd committed suicide. He was in his early twenties and it haunts him to this day. It's certainly not easy to get a grip on something like that and no matter how many years go by, you probably won't ever "accept" it (nobody expects you to). Thank you for sharing your experiences. I'm sure it will contribute to your healing in some way. Best of luck. ~Emmaf-mann24 months ago life is trully short!Broken21 months ago I found my soon to be mother in law dying. I was taking 4 year old to her house, she was going to watch her for the afternoon. I went in the house, she wasn't in the living room (which was odd, she always waited for us there). I called out to her, no answer. I went into the kitchen and she was lying there, next to the stove trying to breath.I grabbed my daughter and put her in the other room. I went back into the kitchen, she had fallen down the basement steps, hit her head, crawled back up, and was dying from a heart attack. I called 911 and watched her scream for her life. She would try to breath, but kept coughing (my RN friend told me that things like that are natural. The body was trying to stay alive even if her brain wasn't). They estimate she had been lying like that for around 1 hour. That even if I had started CPR (which I didn't, but I am a certified life guard) and gave her mouth to mouth she would have probably been a veggie.Her son and I are now in the process of breaking our engagement. I can't help but think that the stress of me finding her, and her son not being able to say goodbye has been what our break-up is about.This is the worst thing I have ever seen or lived through. I would never wish this experience on anyone, not even my worst enemy.emmabalmer21 months ago I am so incredibly sorry to learn about your experience, Broken. I understand just how stressful something like that would've been for you. So traumatic! Again, I'm sorry. You're in my prayers and I'm wishing you all of the best in your recovery from such a horriffic incident.thekingjohann21 months ago interesting hub g-ma, beacause I know you find dead bodys allllll the time.Kim21 months ago My friend passed away three weeks ago.  She was 72 and she had heart problems.  She was found by a friend of ours after I asked him to check on her because I live five hours away and didn't hear from her for one full day.  He broke into her back door and she was dead on her couch.  I'm a visual person and I need to see things to visualize what he saw and he wouldn't explain to me said that she looked like she had been dead for a while.  I believe ONE day.  The last time she made a move online was 3:22 am Friday night/Saturday Morning and nothing more after that so sometime after 3:22 am she passed away.  She still had her bed clothes on.  What does a person look like after a day of being dead?  Is it that bad?  I feel very quilty about her death because we argued one week before her death and I was suppose to be there with her and would have arrived at her house on Friday night at around 9:30 pm. I would have been there when she died. Becky Huggins20 months ago Yesterday I went to help my Aunt Vicki take care of my Aunt Pennye who was dying of Lou Gherig's disease.  We all have known that she was sick, and did not have long to live.  To make things even more emotional, I got married last saturday, we began planning the wedding before she went so far downhill, and my grandmother said not to postpone it.  One of the things I had planned to do this week was to take my Aunt Pennye the pictures so she could see the wedding after I got them from the photographer.  She was so sad that she wasn't able to make it.  The week before the wedding, I took her the dress and shoes and sample bouquet, I was trying to take the wedding to her since she wasn't going to be able to attend.  But I digress, yesterday my Aunt Vicki had some errands to run and needed someone to sit with her.  As soon as I got there, my aunt told me to set an alarm on my phone and check on her every 15 minutes.  I was sitting in the living room and not in her room because she was asleep and we didn't want to wake her.  My Aunt Vicki left, and and about five minutes after she left, ten minutes before my alarm went off, I had a gut feeling to go check on her early. It's almost like someone had tapped me on the shoulder and told me to go back there.  I think my Aunt Pennye told me.  When I went back there, I found the body not breathing with eyes like I have never seen before.  I knew my Aunt was gone.  I say I found the body because what I found was not my Aunt, I felt her leaving when that gut instinct told me to go check, and I do not want to associate what I saw with the Aunt that I loved so dearly.  She was an amazing woman, she had an energy and a spunk that I admired.  A total of 5'4" tall, and maybe 120 lbs at her biggest, she was a tiny woman with the biggest spirit I have ever seen.  Finding that body has made it difficult to sleep.  When I close my eyes I see those eyes that didn't even have her color in them anymore.  I am having a hard time feeling the loss, and sometimes feel like I'm losing my mind and can't breathe.  It's almost like my brain doesn't associate that body with her, and I am so scared of that sight that I can't seem to feel anything else.  Thank you so much for this article.  I have been looking for something to help me make sense of my mind's reaction to all of this.  Thank you! emmabalmer20 months ago Thank you very much for sharing your story, Becky. What a difficult thing to encounter. Just know that there's nothing wrong with you. Grief is a very indiviual/personal thing, so just do what's best for you. I wish you all the best. Thanks again.Silverlining20 months ago wow, read every word... I hope I die before my hubby, would hate to find him in this way.barefootsoldier197020 months ago Hi, last Thursday my boss woke me up yelling "MICK, HELP ME, MICK HELP ME!!!," I yelled to him to open my door and he collapsed in. He fell face-first onto my floor (which is finished colored concrete), and the noise his face made, and the noises he was making after are giving me nightmares. Both at night and in the day! I performed CPR on him for about 8 minutes (I'm a volunteer fireman) and lost him after 400 compressions. Around 570 compressions I got his heartbeat back, but only for a minute or so. When my buddies from the fire department showed up (they're all EMT's as well) they took over for me. I gave him 603 compressions, but I never revived him. They lost and revived his heart beat 5 times before they carried him out of my bedroom. We eventually found out at the hospital that it wasn't a heart attack (like we all thought), but an anuerysm in the brain. I am freaking out daily now. I just cannot seem to get the image of his face out of my head, the noises he was making, all of the blood pooling out under his face before I flipped him over onto his back. I'm having very severe nightmares at night and during the day. I'm afraid to go into my bedroom. If it is night, I make my roommate go into or even that side of the house with me. I've slept in her room on an air mattress since it happened because I am way to afraid to sleep in my room alone. I don't know what to do, and I'm feeling like he is haunting me or something. What can I do? I really am scared and anyone who knows me knows that I'm not easily scared. I'm reading a book by Wm. Paul Young called, "The Shack" that my roommates mom gave to her to give to me. Have you read it? Do you think it will help me? These nightmares are very graphic and very terrifying!!! Any help from anyone would be greatly appreciated! Thank you, MickValerie Lynn19 months ago Thanks, good information, and needed by those faced with this trauma. Valerie LynnMe instead of We18 months ago Three weeks ago i woke up to find my husband on the couch, called 911 ambulance arrived within 30 seconds of my call. Said Hes too far gone, He was only 29 , autopsy showed no answers for his death. Now im faced with the question of "why"emmabalmer18 months ago I am so incredibly sorry to hear about your terrible news Me Instead of We. I handled a situation similar to yours last month. The gentleman was only 33 and his widow was unsterstandably devastated. Again, autopsy showed nothing. It's hard to have no answers. Again, I'm sorry. My heart goes out to you during this difficult time.alittlebitcrazy18 months ago Great hub - the advice is priceless, so many people have no idea what is the appropriate thing to do in the event of a death! Something that we all will someday succumb to, yet, such a mysterious, foreign topic. Thank you for your knowledge, emmabalmer.den199317 months ago great advice.i haven't discovered a dead body but i had to go and see my grandfather after he had past away in the hospital when i was about 6 years old, it didnt become tramatized or anything, i just kind of sheaked and cried but nothing more.i am looking for a career to persue and i was thinking of becoming a SOCO (scene of crime officer) i and im not sure if i can handle coming into contact with a dead body like that. Does anyone know how to help or how for me to know if i can handle it??patricia courtney16 months ago I totally agree with lagacy, here it is 3 am , and almost the year anevesery of when I found my uncle, I called 911 but they said they would get someone as soon as they had a car avaiable, I could have swore I heard a gurgling sound in the house,I busted open the door, at nothing thinking he may be dying, and find him in his bath room curled up in a fetal position, and he had beed ead I think they said 9 hours, when you do find someone you have to stay on the scene until the cops finishing questioning you and the coriner .. it is hard enough as is.I have had night mares ever since,one is I am in my bath room and brushing my teeth,I feel something under my feet, and look down to see a spot of blood I slip and fall, and I am laying in his bath room beside him.. I scream,another is I am walking up and find him he reaches out his hand like he needs help, and comes crawling after me. It is dreams like that y I can't sleep. And even scared of bathrooms now, crazy I know.But let me tell you it is not the same seeing someone in a casket, I already havem and it is not the same as watching some one take there last breath I have seen that as my best friend dale took his last breath, and trust me it is totally different there color, is a different blue than I have ever saw, people think it is the same as seeing them lye in a coffin oh but no , you have nightmares,memories of that,and sleep disorders.It is not something you just forget. no where near.emmabalmer16 months ago Wow, guys... those are some pretty intense experiences. I am so sorry to hear about it :( I agree that it's something yo never, never forget.Micmonbrad16 months ago I found a close friend/coworker in her home 2 days ago after she didn't show up to work. It was homicide/suicide at the hands of her fiance. The image of that scene haunts me each time I close my eyes to go to sleep. How long will it take for that image to fade...if ever?A198116 months ago I went to check on my mom and found her in her bed. She had been gone for a few hours. I have been suffering with horrible nightmares and increased anxiety. I know it has only been two months since she passed and I am really having emotional problems, especially at night. I can't get the picture out of my head of how she looked when I found her. Everyone who has went through such a tragic ordeal are in my prayers. Best of luck!Empath16 months ago Well done!L15 months ago awesome read thank youDH15 months ago I've never found a dead body but I've seen 2 and I'm only 18! The first was walking across a bridge which overgoes a river. There were police cars, ambulances and rescue vans everywhere! I looked down the river to where all the police were to see them trying to pull in a womans body. That wasn't traumatising at all. More or less just surprising. The second was my grandfather. He had died in his sleep from Diverticulitis in March 2009. I personally don't think he was gone very long because his face was still warm and there was no loss of skin colour. His leg was hanging out of the bed and there was no sign of lividity. He looked peaceful in his bed, just like he was asleep. When I went to see him again in the funeral home, he didn't look like him one bit. He just looked so much different. His face was far too red and the nose and lips were too thin. I still remember how he looked in his bed but I only remember every now and again how he looked in the coffin. I would do anything to have him back. Such a great person who wouldn't harm a fly.emmabalmer15 months ago You have such beautiful things to say about your grandfather and I'm sure you miss him terribly. Thank you for sharing your experiences.- Emmasouthpacific15 months ago It was abut 5 years ago, i was about 12-13 and we were playing a football match out of town... Straight to the point, i was trying to find a tap, i remember looking behind the changing room sheds and i see this rugged looking guy sitting on the ground about 10 meters away, head resting on his chest and i remember saying something along the lines of "are you okay?" thinking he was drunk i walk over, this guy had a melon size hole in his chest with bodily fluids, blood and body parts hanging out. I remember just standing there for what felt like eternity but in reality a few seconds, eyes wide open, holding my breath before running as fast as i could to find the coach... Its fascinating, until this very moment i had never thought about that day.southpacific15 months ago P.S the coroners and police arrived, not only was i not asked any questions, they cordoned the area off and we still played our match? thinking back now i cant believe it...emmabalmer15 months ago What a experience, Southpacific! Holy cow. There certainly aren't a lot of people that have witnessed what you have. Crazy thing about the "no questions" deal. Seems totally opposite from what we see on TV these days.plainsgirl14 months ago I had the unfortunate luck of finding a friend who had hung herself.  I knew she was dead but I didn't know for how long.  I called 911 and then found something to cut her down and gave her CPR.  I was hoping to revive her.  I knew her kids and didn't want them to be without their mother.  Sounds all nice and heroic but all I felt afterwards was stupid and paranoid for attempting to save someone who was obviously dead.  The paramedics didn't even try to revive her.  It's still hard for me to go out in public.  (I live in a small town)  I don't really regret it but it's just hard to live with too.  I wonder what people are thinking when they see me.1dad1life13 months ago I have been sitting here reading through these in tears. Thank you to everyone for sharing your experiences.I came on the net looking for answers, looking to see if others have experienced the same as me and I still cannot find anyone who say's exactly what they saw!I recently lost my dad (3 months ago) after nursing him for the last week of his life. I left him for just a few minutes and when I returned to the room he was not breathing, his mouth and eyes were wide open and he looked absolutely terrified and this haunts me every day. I obviously don't know if he was actually terrified or if this is what people look like after they have just died. My dad is the first person I have seen dead. All I seem to find anywhere is how peaceful people looked and I find it so hard to know he didn't look at peace. He was sitting in the chair at the time and I do think he had gone at that point but I still got him on the floor and did CPR until the paramedics arrived but it was too late and there was nothing any of us could do.He was a kind, caring man who would help anyone in need and I hate the thought of him being so frightened and really regret leaving him even for those few minutes.I really want to know if this terrified look on their face when someone dies is common as so far it seems it is not or people are just too afraid to say it exactly how it is. Does anyone know the answer?janfow36512312 months ago To 1dad1life,I have a family member that is a gatekeeper - someone who sits with hundreds of people as they die and cross over. She sat with both of my grandparents as they crossed. I asked her a similar question, as my grandmother had the most strained look on her face, and my grandfather was more peaceful, but still awful to look at after. She basically told me that usually the muscles relax, and then the person looks peaceful. Sometimes, however, the muscles relax so much that they overextend and look more dramatic. The other thing I have noticed in seeing them both before and after their viewing at the funeral home, is the very creepy look in their eyes right after they pass (that is probably why in casket their eyes are closed). This is what gets me most. You can also see it in photos, like that of Neda from Iran (the girl that was shot and filmed while dying this past year). It is a cross of primal panic, and then after, something I can only describe as emptiness. It is like their eyes glaze over, their irises fail to respond to light, and their soul is gone, their eyes look eerily empty. Some people show the panic on their face, unfortunately. Especially if you are awake or completely lucid when it happens. Death to some, is still a complete surprise. It would only make sense that sometimes our face shows it. But there are others who die with a smile on their face, contentment even, or worry.1dad1life11 months ago To janfow365123Thank you so much for your honest reply, it has helped to a degree and makes sense. I appreciate it and now have a slightly better understanding. Thank you.Annwahh 11 months ago 6 months ago I found my friend of 30 years dead in his garage. He had gassed himself in the car. He had cut the hose from his vaccum cleaner and gassed himself in his car. I found him on the wednesday and he had been there since the Friday. The onite manager had called me and advised he had not been seen around in a few days, I knew straight away some thing was wrong. I raced over there... and the manager and I opened the garage and the smell was just terrible. I called triple zero and the said I had to look in the car and see if he was still alive. I said I was pretty sure he was dead and she asked me to look in the car and check. I walked into the garage towards his car window and he had laid the seat back and I looked in and I will never forget the sight I saw. Its been 6 months and I still have difficulty going into garages. I am now living in the same complex as i owned an investment unit a few doors up which i am now living in.  I put My fridge in the garage so that I had to keep going in there and I was trying to kind of make it such a normal thing to walk in and out of the garage and I think its helping. I dont think of him every time I walk in there now.  My unit is the same lay out as his so its very weird for me. I am trying create different feelings about the unit complex. I still feel affected by it but i get the feeling people think i should be over it by now. I dont talk about it or anything but it is on my mind quite a bit. My partner and I broke up as I was being a bit snappy and with drawn after it happend. I ended up moving out of his house ( i moved in with him ( to another town) 3 weeks after finding my friend ) I just freaked out as it felt like I was doing too much too soon, Finding my friend, moving towns, quitting one job , starting another....After 2 months and a lot of tears I moved out, and I tried to tell him recently I felt I had post traumatic stress syndrome, But I think he just thinks im mad. He said I left and it was my choice and now he has moved on. I feel like I am going mad. Is this normal ?? Or should I be over this by now?? Thank you for listening.. Annie PS I am over the partner as i feel he was of no support at all.  I am just not sure if I should be over finding my friend by now.emmabalmer11 months ago People are certainly sharing some pretty intense stories here! Just know that finding a dead loved one is not something that can be easily forgotten. Give yourself time to heal. It's not about what anyone else thinks or says... it's about what's right for YOU. I wish you all of the best.Michelle11 months ago I've been a cna at a nursing home for going on 3 years now...i started when i was 17...and I cant tell you how many ppl I have saw either dying or that has already passed. Of course my responsibility is to actually clean the deceased up b4 the funeral home arrives. I remember when I was about 4 months pregnant I walked in and found one of my residents that i was really close to laying face down in the floor...it appeared she had a massive heart attack and for the ones that dont know when someone has a massive heart attack the skin turns black...it never gets any easier seeing someone who has passed or watching someone who is in the last stages of death expecially the ones who didnt have family or the ones whos family didnt care. Its really horrible.sadandconfused11 months ago two days ago myself and the construction crew next door found my neighbor on his balcony, i wasnt sure if he was deceased yet or not but i checked for a pulse and nothing, no breathing...i stinkin checked 3 times for a pulse knowing all three times there wasnt going to be anything...its strange but you just know...come to find out the time from was about 2 hours so we dont know exactly but he was very ill. His body was very cold to the touch but being that im not an examiner i do not know..i can only say the whole day at work i felt this nagging that maybe i should have performed CPR but the logical side of me knew that he was no longer with us....its something i am still processing but like many others im finding it hard to bring the good memories back to cover up the sight of him when we found him..God will heal this trauma I am sure!the_rice11 months ago I've seen a few dead bodies, and none of them went peacefully. They were all killed. It comes with the job, I guess. Doesn't really seem real when you see it happen...Keris 11 months ago my dad passed away on august 29th 2009... i had never seen a dead body until i saw his... he was covered by a sheet in the hospital.. when i kissed his forehead he was very cold.. i kept thinking i could see a small heave of his chest.. or a slight raise of his brow as he "slept".. but i knew he wasn't alive.. he was the coldest he'd ever been.. like ice... it was like ice to kiss him... and the tubes and everything from when the nurses tried to get him to breathe were still in... there was some blood coming from his nose.. i remember discretely wiping it... but being frozen and completely in shock.. my mom cried and held on to me.. but i said nothing... i just remember wanting to run  and thinking that this wasn't real and that i was outside of my body watching life happen to meChloe11 months ago On Sunday my boyfriend and I took his dog out for a sunday walk in the small village his parents live in.We climbed a small hill and saw what looked like someone sitting, enjoying the view from the old TV mast. As we approached I started to notice that there was something very wrong with this scene. The sun was behind the man and all you could see was a silhouette, it looked like some kind of elaborate practical joke. on closer inspection his face came into focus and I could see he had a rope around his neck, with one leg caught on the front crossbar.I feel strange for feeling shakey and sad for the man, but no remorse, he just looked so incredibly peaceful and still.It has made me quite paranoid, how can I start to deal with this.I went back up the hill to confirm to myself that the mast was free of his body, but it hasn't helped all that much.He was a stranger. I thought I was stronger than I really am at dealing with things like this.I worry about comforting my boyfriend, but I guess the best way to help is to lend him my ear?Thankyou for the advice in this column.Melinda8 months ago I lost my younger brother in October of '09.  He was 43, lived alone, and my mother and his son found him in his garage, sitting in his car, garage locked, but fans on.  My mom will NEVER get over this, and my brother's first grandchild is due in two weeks.  We couldn't view his body because he died in the car five days before anyone found him.  Only 13 people at his funeral.  The autopsy showed accidental carbon monoxide poisoning, but he was suicidal in the past.  Keep your loved ones close, and pay attention and take action when they mention suicide.  It may not be accidental after all.  Love to all of you who have lost loved ones.Jessica7 months ago My son died 6 years ago of sudden infant death syndrome. He was 7 months old. Finding his body was the single most devastating thing ever. The coroner said he passed several hours earlier. I thought I was dreaming,I threw up and refused to believe it was real.But that image of his face will haunt me forever. He was a beautiful little boy and however much that image is ingrained in my head, the memory of his smiling face trends to chase the nightmare from my mind.Chris7 months ago i was raised since a baby by my grandmother and when i was 18 i opened her bedroom door cause it was late for her to be sleeping. and she was lying on the floor half nude with her head under the bed. i couldnt think except to call for help. i loved her very  much. and not only to see my grandmother dead but the condition she was in traumatized me and i cant get it out of my head. the 911 operator made me make sure she was dead but i knew she was to begin with but i still touched her arm and it was cold as ice.  it still makes me upset to think about itSusan6 months ago Three months ago, my brother shot himself in the mouth and killed himself. I found his body in the closet and cannot get that memory of him out of my mind. I have tried to replace it with good memories, but I am having a really hard time.Aaliah6 months ago I was friends with a lady & her husband who had moved into my old unit and we always stayed in touch as i had only moved 1 street away. Last night i was driving home and turned into my street only to have the ambulance come out of nowhere and cut me off then turn down my friends st. I carried on home then recieved a phone call from her after the medics gave up. i immediately went round somehow believing the body would be gone as i knew i wouldnt cope seeing him. He was there on the floor. Half covered by a sheet. his wife saw me and started wailing and all i could do was sit beside her. I have and am still helping her to cope and am looking after their son. But i am not coping with actually seeing him like that. Just no life or anything. It wasnt even my husband yet i am almost in the same state as her. I dont know what to do. I know life ends but i well lets just say i am crying on and off and feel a deep sadness that wont lift. I dont know what to do with myself.Isaiah5 months ago I am glad to have stumbled across this website to share the experience of finding a dead loved one. I never thought it would happen to me but now I know why my father wanted me to bury him. It's been a month now that I found my father at 1am in his bathroom dead. It was a shock at first but I maintained my composure and notified everyone that I needed to. I haven't had any nightmares but I was a little jumpy in the beginning. What has helped me cope with this is to accept the fact that death is inevitable to all of us. I had started preparing myself a few years back to deal with this because I had a gut feeling my father one day would not be around. 1 week prior to his passing away, I was getting the feeling and hearing voices in my head that he didn't have much time...something that I didn't want to accept. I know it's still early but learning to accept the truth about our mortal selves helps alot.Siobhan5 months ago My advise is to get help, I found somebody my brother knew hanging from a slide at a kids play park last year and was traumatised, i have only just visited that park again recently and couldnt look at the slide for flashes in my head, a have nightmares every couple of nights and have only just arranged an appointment to speak to somebody, it has ate at me for over a year... i have had a little girl and want to be able to take her to the park without bad memories...anybody who finds someone they knew or didnt i would strongly advise speaking to somebody straight awayxTubby545 months ago It has been a week in a half since I came into my house and found my roommate laying naked in the kitchen floor dead. the house was completely dark and I knew when I unlocked the door that something was wrong.  When I turned on the light his jaw was open and green was around his eyes and forehead.  He had ripped a piece of wood off the kitchen counter and was holding it, he must have been in some incredible pain.  It was dark in the house and I felt something was wrong when I walked in the house.  I have a tremendous faith in God and feel guilty that I can't lay this at rest because I'm like the rest of you that has been in this situation.  I don't like to be alone and it is really difficult to sleep.  I'm not one that is afraid but I find myself full of anxiety at nights and don't like to be in the dark.  I pray that these feelings will dissolve and I can get on with my life.  I've been looking for some help and answers.  Thank you for the experiences that have been shared!Chgodee4 months ago It's only been a week!  I could not get ahold of my boyfriend the entire day. I had a horrid, sick feeling all day.  I ran to his house and found him dead on the couch.  The medical examiner said it was Ichemic Brain Stem Stroke.  I have a feeling he was gone for an entire day.  It was the most traumatic, hysterical experience of my life.  I have lost both parents, one just 10 months ago and I grieved naturally.  I don't think I'll get over this one ever. I have flashes of that vision of him keeled over on the couch.  It's an out of body experience almost.  Like how did something that only happens in movies happen here?Does anyone have any advise on how to move on...to grieve and get thru your life.  He was only 55 and I saw him the day before.  No complaints, no symptoms.  This is the scariest and most depressing thing I have been through.  I feel like my life will never ever be the same.Robert4 months ago Over my lifetime (I am 57) i have looked at the bodies of many dead friends and relatives. Over the last 2-3 years I have been at the funerals of 4 people who had commited suicide. The first three bodies, whom I viewed at their loved ones request, looked little different than any other body that I have seen, in fact they looked quite at peace. The devastation and pain in the lives of the bereaved families was terrible and obvious to see. However, nothing could ever prepare me for the absolute horror, shock, trauma and terror of finding the body of a work colleague and friend who had hung himself on a wall bracket in his flat in April 2009. He had not been seen for 2 days and I was asked to break into his flat. The scene was horrendous and over 14 months later I am still deeply affected with the trauma. I still suffer from nightmares, deep anxiety and depression. I didn't get support for many months as I thought that as a Christian I should be able to cope with the situation and shouldn't feel the way i felt. In my mind I can still see the whole devestating scene of a bloated, blue body hanging on the wall. I have been on medication for a year now and counselling since January but from the time of the incident it is as if a light went out in my life and never came on again. My health has deteriorated to the degree that I have been pensioned of on medical grounds. I know that my friend must have suffered terrible mental pain to do such a thing, but i wonder if he had known of the pain, devestation and hurt that he has left behind would he have thought differently.eric 3 months ago I found my fathers dead body on the second day of my senior year in highschool. I woke up late that morning which was very odd cause my dad being the man that he was would never allow me to sleep in because to him school and a proper education was of utmost importance.  I woke up and went through a speedy routine of brushing the teeth and washing my face normally I would have showered but seeing as how i was late I just went with the neccessities.  My dads door was shut the whole time I was getting ready.  I should tell you that a year before this day or maybe a year and some change my parents decided to get seperated.  I was going to live one year with my mom and my senior year with my dad.  I knew he would keep me on track and make sure I was accepted into a decent college.  So when I still saw his door shut at around 6:45am I assumed he had wonken up earlier had a bite to eat and was off.  I had my back pack ready and I was on my way out of the house when I decided to just open the door and take a peak because something seemed off about the whole thing.  As the door opened I didn't notice anything out of the ordinary he wasn't in his bed so as I was closing it I leaned in more and saw him on the floor his feet were tangled in the sheets and his body was on his side his head was kind of stuck between his dresser and a desk. He was nude and there was a strange smell in his room.  I knew he was dead but I still decided to like pull his body out of that terrible position he was in.  I reached down and pulled on the blankets to try and lift him up I remember he was heavy and i lost controll for a min and his head smacked against the dresser. I pulled him out and layed him down flat on the floor. I tapped on his chest and said dad dad he was cold to the touch and his fingertips were white there was alos some dried froth on the side of his mouth. The gashes on his head where he hit the furniture had dried.  I pulled a sheet over his face left the room and closed the door.  As I was walking to the kitchen I remembered thinking that this wasn't an emergency because his life was over not in danger.  I never learned in a school what number you call to come pick up a dead body.  So I dialed 911Melinda3 months ago My mom and my nephew found my brother in his car, deceased for five days.  I can't imagine what my mother and my brother's son went through when they found him there.  That was one year ago, October 15th,  I still have terrible dreams of finding my brother dead. And Free Bird still makes me cry.  The only song at his funeral.  God bless you all who have suffered loss.  It is so hard.Katrina2 months ago In january of 2009 my dad found his mom (my gramma) dead in her big arm chair at about 5 in the am. September of 2009, just 2 weeks after his 41st birthday, and just 2 days after my younger daughter was born (so thats the day after i got out of the hospital), I found my dad dead in my older daughters bedroom. I woke up at about 7 to feed my new baby. My older daughter was crying in her room which she does every morning for me to come get her. I hadn't notice my dad up and thought it was weird for him to sleep this late, he usually has his smoke around this time. So I go to my daughters room, open the door, quickly glance at him and then go to my daughter. I thought he was just sleeping. Just as I'm getting ready to pick up my daughter I say "dad wake up, its morning" but he didn't respond, so instead of picking up my daughter i went closer to his face and yelled DAD like twice and he didn't even flinch. At this point i noticed he had a foam like substance covering his mouth. I yelled to my fiance "Oh my god, there's foam in my dads mouth" and I ran out of the bedroom forgetting about my daughter. My mom ran in and called my dads name and shook his shoulder, then she grabbed my daughter and came to me. My fiance went in to the room, called my dads name, shook his shoulder then called 911. I was about to completely fall apart when my fiance came to me and said "you have 2 kids who need you, get up" so i did. After the paramedics confirmed he was gone I phoned the necessary people to let them know. Just a few weeks ago I received a detailed autopsy report (which I had requested) and it said they could not find any ANATOMICAL CAUSE OF DEATH. Now I will never get closure. I will never know why my dad left at his young age. I loved him and I miss him and I cry for him often.Suzie512 months ago I also found my boyfriend in his home dead. There was a strong chemical smell from him trying to clean paint off of his bathroom counters, left by messy painters. This was 9 days ago.His autopsy showed no physical causes, we must wait fo 6-8 weeks to see if it was from fumes. The paramedics hosed me off with a firehouse because of the chemical exposure, and I spent the night in the hospital. Though we have been in a commited relationship for three years, his ex-wife played the grieving widow at the services and I was not even mentioned. I feel numb, and as if I am in a nightmare I can't wake up from.kokiris2 months ago well it seems like a thing someone should be ready for i mean to see someone like that is messed up ive heard of and seen almost 4 deaths or dead body sightings in person well.....it will happen to you me and everone one  day and becouse of death there is always procreation  well all share my stories1. i was riding the bus to school one day and one of my child hood friends was crying at the stop were the bus usaly picks him up but right after i noticed him crying i noticed that the police were at his house and an ambulance right then and there they were carting the body away into the ambulance so my freinds "parent" waved the bus on and we didnt pick him up about  4 weaks later my friend returned to school and 2 years later he actualy told me of how his father died that "day" he said his father had molested him weaks before then and on that day in the middle of the night my freind was geting a drink of water when he noticed his mother in the bathroom as he walked by his mom and dads room the door was open by a crack when he interd he saw his own dad blow his brains out right infront of him    sad..........2.i was playing a video game when my dad came in the room and told me about the news aparently one of are family freinds died he shot himself in the chest with a gun and left a note on his belly that said he was sorry but me and my family didnt know what he was talking about but his wife did so we went to the funerale and well... it was very sad sader than i expacted it was a "open coffen" cermony so i got to look at his face but it just pissed me off the look on his face he didnt die with a smile and the mourtarary guys didnt do a good job he had a sad sad look on his face       danm.....3. well i was about 8 or 9 when this happend so my memories are kinda fuzzy so i dont have detail but hear it is one of my friends from were i lived along time ago he was maybe 6 or 7 well he said something like look what i can do and he motered off into the road but an 18 weeler ran over hiis soft squishy baby like body in 3 secounds it was probably the sadest thing ive ever seen4. well... i was going out for a walk and i saw a mans body captured in a farming tractor blade machine i freaked out and tried to pull him out but his bones and his meatish like tissue was keeping me from puling him out but when i did pull him out his arms and tissue were stuck to the machine blades so all i got out was his torso his legs and his head so i was just kinda coverd in blood i was so scared and frantic that i passed out when i woke up i was being carted in an ambulance along with what was left of the guy who was stuck in the tractor  scarest thing i ever had to deal with and i live out in the countryhavinfunwkj@aol.com6 weeks ago LOVE UR HUB!!!!!!!!!!!!! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!! SORRY TO SAY U R GREAT BUT THE PEOPLE THAT WRITE AND SHARE THEIR STORIES MAKE THE SITE WHAT IT IS GREAT!!Jo Van Niekerk4 weeks ago I am so glad to have found this site.  I found my dad in his caravan.  The last we spoke was on a Thursday.  I found him on the Sunday.  He was already decomposed and bloated.  I knew that he was gone before I got out of my car.  Seeing all the flies accompanied by the terrible smell and that numb feeling. We did not have this big father- daughter relationship, but I did expect to feel something.  Anything. I feel terribly guilty though for not being able to get through to him to turn to God. I was the only one who was left to arrange everything.  I cleaned up the mess in the caravan all by myself. Let me tell you, it is devastating to scrape bits and pieces of your dad of the floor with a shovel. I still can't cry. It has been 2 months.  I have too many responsibilities to take care of. My children (age 6 and 4) can't see me crack. I have nobody to talk to. My husband is not the one for showing or dealing with emotions.  He expects everything to go on as before. I keep smelling my dad in our house.  I still can't eat rice.  It reminds my too much of those maggots that crawled all over him.I don't know anymore.cristin 2 weeks ago I found my dad and mom shot and dead in their home a month ago while droping my 7 year old off to stay with them for the day. They deemed it a murder-suicide when I know it was not. I dont know how to cope, deal, get the visions out of my head. My daughter is seeing a shrink but my insurance doesnt cover mental. Any suggestions on how to cope would be greeatly appriciated.Stan10 days ago So I know that working through the details of an incident is most likely vital to the process but holy hell this page that started out seeming so thoughtful is starting to seem really morbid.Today I found a friend who dies most likely during the night. I was glad to see that the introduction mentioned acceptance might be one of the reactions because for me it certainly was. My friend had health problems associated with an alcohol problem so I wasn't shocked to see he had passed. Still it effected me more than I thought it would. This evening to escape the images I encountered I had three scotches and I sat down for a movie. When the movie ended I broke down crying for no reason. I believe the funeral will help but honestly I think the most disturbing thing to me is the waste of life. There is a person in front of you one day that might help another person in some way or do some compassionate act in an instance all potential for good is finished.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites88emmabalmerFrom Idaho412 Followers44 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by emmabalmerContact emmabalmerFollow emmabalmerSubscribe to emmabalmer's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk emmabalmer a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhy Do Dead Bodies Float On Water?asked by ngureco 14 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionWhy do dead bodies float on water but not when people are alive?asked by weblog 12 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsGoogle Street View Dead Body Mystery and some more strange...by Nell RoseThe Healthcare Industry's Definition of Deathby RKHenryDigging Up The Past (Humans, that is...)by emmabalmer15 End Time Prophecies that have happened and 5 that are on...by Brie HoffmanAir Burial customs of Haida tribe and other people of long...by nick07143820 bible verses about deathby e13o13 Health ForumTopicRepliesDiet Plansposted by secretmagazine990Bipolar, medication and memory loss - getting scared.posted by L a d y f a c e6What are you passionate about in your life?posted by dawnM29Post a new topic1473 more topics Tagsfamily murder dead body what to do when you find a dead body died in bed psychological impact Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.215 sec)  working