The Wild Hunt  2007  FebruaryHomeAboutAffiliatesArchivesComment PolicyContactFAQPodcastA modern Pagan perspective. Posts RSS Comments RSSArchive for February, 2007Jason on Feb 28th 2007 Uncategorized(Pagan ) News of NoteMy semi-regular round-up of articles, essays, and opinions of note for discerning Pagans and Heathens.Columnist Steven Wells puts the Britney Spears head-shaving (and Anna Nicole Smiths death) in perspective for us. Britney is the new Kurt Cobain. And the new Tupac. And the new Jesus. And the new John Barleycorn-the strawman ritually murdered and resurrected every harvest season in the English pagan tradition  The fact is we need Britney to sacrifice herself for us  Britney is   going publicly potty on our behalf as a penance for her fellow celebs not popping clog fast enough. We need to thank her for that. And sharpen our sickles. I feel a harvest coming on.Britneys melt-down as a symbolic harvest sacrifice? I suspect that Joseph Campbell might be spinning in his grave.The St. Louis River Front Times interviews author and Witch Laura Stamps about her occult novels aimed at women.I had shopped it around to a lot of publishers. Theyre not crazy about anything with witches if it doesnt have a lot of sex, death, blood, guts and adultery, which I dont have. I write spiritual books to help you become a better person. The thing thats really neat, that witches really like about them, is not only do I include useful tips in there, things about cats and perimenopause, but every chapter has a real chant, ritual or spell in it from my Book of Shadows.The future of books about Wicca? Novels intertwined with spells and rituals?In one of the stranger melding of religions I have seen, a couple got married in a Pagan ceremony at a festival in honor of the show Father Ted (a hilarious spoof of Catholic priests on a remote island off the coast of Ireland).Bride Louise Kiernan, 24, from Swords in Dublin and groom Luke Callanan, 33, from Limerick tied the knot in a Druid ceremony. I will love, honour and make you tea all the days of my life, Louise vowed. Will you marry me? Go on, go on, go on!Im sure if the real Father Ted was there he might issue a stern down with this sort of thing. Or maybe not.David Attenborough discusses humanitys long love of depicting animals in art. Starting with the neolithic and moving forward through history.Animals were the first things that human beings drew. Not plants. Not landscapes. Not even themselves. But animals. Why? The earliest known drawings are some 30,000 years old. They survive in the depths of caves in western Europe. The fact that some people crawled for half a mile or more along underground passages through the blackness is evidence enough that the production of such pictures was an act of great importance to these artistsThis practice of painting images of animals on walls has persisted throughout our history. Five thousand years ago, when men in Egypt began to build the worlds first cities, they too inscribed images of animals on their walls. There is no doubt about the function of at least some of these: the Egyptians worshipped animals as gods. But Egyptian artists also delighted in their natural beauty, for they adorned the walls of their own underground tombs with pictures. The mummified dead in the next world would surely wish to be reminded of the beauties and delights of this one.In Attenboroughs view, it is a shared profound joy felt by those who immerse themselves in the natural world that links the different portrayals of the animal kingdom through history together. A columnist in Tampa Bay mis-characterizes the religion of Santeria in order to make about point about keeping religion out of public school.Is this somewhere we really want to go? If followers of Santeria wished to bless the desks with the blood of the goat they just sacrificed in the classroom, would we respect that, as the principal in question is asking us to respect her beliefs? Or should we disallow the followers of any other religion to practice their beliefs in our schools?Yeah, and I hear Christians have these huge orgies called love feasts, and they drink blood and eat flesh at them!In a final note, the press is abuzz over Daniel Radcliffes (who plays Harry Potter in the popular films) performance in Peter Shaffers play Equus.For the most part, Radcliffes performance is assured. His vocal range may be a bit narrow  he has a tendency to convey Strangs anguish by shouting  but his hooded eyes and hunched, defensive posture convey a wounded and bewildered young man. And when he finally lets loose in the climactic 10 minutes of nudity, he is emotionally unrestrained and compellingRadcliffe aside, Shaffers play is given a strong, sensuous staging by young director Thea Sharrock. The play itself can feel a tad self-important, as Shaffer paints a swirl of the pagan, the primitive and the psyche around Strangs quasi-spiritual, erotic obsession with horses.Harry Potter then Equus? Certain Christian groups are never going to like this guy (though Im sure his large number of fans and royalty checks help him get over that fact).That is all I have for now, have a great day!1470No responses yethttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fpagan-news-of-note.html%28Pagan+%29+News+of+Note2007-02-28+15%3A50%3A00Jasonhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fpagan-news-of-note-18.htmlJason on Feb 27th 2007 UncategorizedThe Hooded ManOne of the best (and most pagan) re-tellings of the Robin Hood legend has to be the 1980s English production Robin of Sherwood. The television show, created by screenwriter Richard Carpenter, placed a heavy focus on occult and supernatural elements and sported a much beloved soundtrack by the Irish musical group Clannad. Until now you had to order the set as an import from England, but Acorn Media Group is releasing the first two seasons of the show as a set in America.The cast of Robin of Sherwood.Acorn Media announces the March 13, 2007 U.S. DVD debut of Robin of Sherwood, Set 1, the definitive retelling of the Robin Hood legend with gritty period realism and a mix of history and myth. The 5-volume DVD box set includes all 13 episodes in Series 1 & 2 and a bonus fifth disc devoted exclusively to more than eight hours of special features.Unlike previous television and movie re-tellings, this Robin Hood is a bit grittier and is a devotee of an underground pagan survival that worships Herne the Hunter. An element that made it distinctive among the various Robin Hood myths (and quite popular amongst the modern Pagans who were able to see it). It certainly had a big effect on my early Pagan days back in the early nineties when I first saw a couple episodes at a science fiction convention.Don Houston, who reviews the new DVD set for DVD Talk, discusses the attention to detail within the series that allowed the series to overcome its tiny budget.Paring down all the tacked on silliness that has been associated with the character over the years (most horribly handled in the Kevin Costner flick from the 1990s that managed to borrow portions of the ideas from the series but only sparingly to its discredit), Carpenter had the show shot in the actual forests of England, even going so far as to move the locations to areas where the trees were similar to those native to the time frame of the events. Weaving in bits of myth and history far more carefully than previously done, he and the rest of the creative team managed to instill a realness to the show that surpassed the low budgets with a sense of charm all its own.A few years back, my wife and I sprung for an import of the entire series (including the third and last season starring Jason Connery). I dont want to disclose how much I spent, but I will tell you that the $45.00 pre-order price at Amazon is a lot cheaper than what I paid. This is an ideal time to discover (or re-discover) this classic show.1469One response so farhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fhooded-man.htmlThe+Hooded+Man2007-02-27+14%3A06%3A00Jasonhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fthe-hooded-man.htmlJason on Feb 26th 2007 UncategorizedThe Academy AwardsLast night was the 79th annual Academy Awards. While others were grousing about their Oscar burn-out (which tells me they are paying too much attention to the Hollywood promotional machine), I found this years awards to be delightfully entertaining. This could partially be attributed to the fact that one of the films I was rooting for, Guillermo del Toros Pans Labyrinth  swept up three awards early in the show (art direction, makeup, and cinematography).Guillermo del Toro (center) with fellow Mexican film directors. Sadly Pans Labyrinth didnt pick up the coveted award for best foreign film, but I think winning three Academy Awards isnt too shabby. It was also nice to see that Helen Mirren picked up the best actress award. While Mirren was very good in The Queen, shell always be Morgana from John Boormans Excalibur to me.Helen Mirren as Queen Elizabeth and Morgana.Also of note for my readers is the fact that the documentary An Inconvenient Truth won two Academy Awards, one for best documentary feature, and one for best original song (written and performed by Melissa Etheridge). Oh, and Martin Scorsese finally got his Oscar. For a full list of last nights winners click, here.In related news, Nicolas Cage and his horrid remake of The Wicker Man got shut out at this years Razzies (Basic Instinct 2 dominated most categories). I personally think Cage was robbed, when you see a highlight reel like this, how could you not think it the worst movie you saw this year?1468One response so farhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Facademy-awards.htmlThe+Academy+Awards2007-02-26+15%3A13%3A00Jasonhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fthe-academy-awards.htmlJason on Feb 25th 2007 UncategorizedMarvel Gets MysticMarvel Comics (home of Spider-Man) has announced a limited series to revive its stable of magic-based characters. Leading up this effort will be David Sexton, creator of the Winged Spirit Tarot, and the Tarot of Oz. Unsurprisingly, the series will have a tarot-based theme.The series is called Mystic Arcana because the characters all have mystic and arcane pedigrees, but also because the Minor Arcana of the Tarot will serve as a unifying element to the stories. And we are all working hard to, through this series establish the status quo and ground rules for Magic in the Marvel UniverseThe four books will connect to the four suits of the Tarots Minor Arcana, which in turn correspond the four classic Elements; Air, Earth, Water and Fire.Sister Grimm (wands), Scarlet Witch (cups)The Black Knight (pentacles), Magick (swords)During the interview, Sexton also takes some time to discuss the tarot for comic readers unfamiliar with the concepts.Tarot cards are symbols of important kinds of people (like an Empress or a Magician) and important ideas (like Everything changes and Its always darkest before the dawn.) The person who wants to learn something draws a predetermined number of random cards from the Tarot Deck. Then the Tarot card reader puts the people and ideas (on the cards) into special patterns called folds. The way the cards end up fitting into the pattern or fold tells a story to the card reader about the person who drew the cards.Sexton isnt the first tarot expert to foray into comic books, Rachel Pollack (author of the classic tarot text 78 Degrees of Wisdom) wrote several comics for DC, including Doom Patrol and Brother Power the Geek. Other comic-tarot connections include artist Dave McKean (Sandman, Cages), who has illustrated two tarot decks.The series will debut in June at your local comic shop.1467No responses yethttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fmarvel-gets-mystic.htmlMarvel+Gets+Mystic2007-02-25+15%3A22%3A00Jasonhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fmarvel-gets-mystic.htmlJason on Feb 24th 2007 UncategorizedThe Store that ConvertedThe Leaf-Chronicle in Tennessee profiles a New Age store that is switching over to a Christian book store due to a religious change of heart by the owner. Susie Clark, who bought a pre-existing New Age store to escape the grief of her husband dying, is now selling off all of her non-Christian stock to make a space more in tune with her new returning faith in Christianity.Susie Clark has tens of thousands of dollars worth of merchandise staring her in the face. All of it must be sold by Wednesday. Despite that pressure, she feels lighter, freer and happier than she has the last two yearsClark bought Body, Mind and Spirit from then-owner Annette Cunningham in July 2005, shortly before Cunningham died of cancerSoon, classes on the power of crystals were being held in the shop. A psychic came in several times a week to offer readings to customers. A Wicca circle, composed of witches who practice the nature-based Pagan religion, began meeting there.The article seems to go out of its way to equate a certain darkness and wrongness to the New Age and Pagan items they sold.And Clark got sadder and sickerSince opening the store, Clark went completely deaf, with little explanationJeff Stark, associate pastor of Clarksville First Church of the Nazarene, says the God he worships is a loving, protective God. While he doesnt believe God caused Clarks illness, he does believe God communicates through peoples lives. Theres a way God speaks through our circumstances and makes us think, Where was I going? he saysClark hoped her shop would be a place of hope and healing for herself and others who were grieving. It didnt turn out that way, Clark says. I had some people on staff that were completely Wiccan. Then there was what the customers wanted. My whole vision of what I wanted to do went out the window. Despite being profitable, the store was dragging Clark deeper and deeper into a pit of blackness.Despite being rescued from her pit of blackness, and getting her brain back, Clark doesnt seem to mind a Wiccan helping her redesign the stores computer system.Even Daphne Redd, a Wiccan who is working with Clark to redesign the stores computer system, says she supports Clarks decision. I bless her for it. Theres no harm in it for me, Redd says. The church did not come in here and demand her change her ways. She chose something based on her own conviction.In a related article on the shops shift in focus, Clark and her business adviser hope the new store will be more welcoming.Clark hopes an uplifting, welcoming atmosphere will attract people of all religions to the new storeJohn Lee, who has experience running Christian bookstores and is helping Clark with the transition, says they hope to create a place where all people feel comfortable.I think they mean make Christians feel comfortable. Im sure the Pagans felt comfortable already, and may feel less so now. While Im happy that the owner is happy, I would have liked to hear more from the local Pagan and metaphysical community. How do they feel about the change? Are any of them upset that the dying woman she bought the store from wouldnt have wanted it to become yet another Christian book store? Where do they plan to gather and shop now? Information that would have enriched and balanced the story.14663 responses so farhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fstore-that-converted.htmlThe+Store+that+Converted2007-02-24+14%3A03%3A00Jasonhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fthe-store-that-converted.htmlJason on Feb 23rd 2007 UncategorizedThe Very Best and Worst of Pagan FilmThis weekend the very best, and worst, in film will be celebrated. On Sunday, the 79th Academy Awards (The Oscars) will be handed out to those films thought to be the very best of the past year, and the day before that youll see the Golden Raspberries (The Razzies) handed out to the very, very worst. Films with pagan themes hold the strange honor of holding several nominations in both.In the category of the very best is Guillermo del Toros masterful Pans Labyrinth. This dark fairytale, set during the rise of Franco in Spain, has garnered six Oscar nominations. Achievement in Art Direction, Achievement in Cinematography, Best Foreign Language Film of the Year, Achievement in Makeup, Achievement in Music Written for Motion Pictures (Original Score), and Original Screenplay. Guillermo del Toro with Doug Jones as the faun.Del Toros film has earned high praise from critics (including Stephen King), and won the Golden Tomato award from Rotten Tomatoes for being the best-reviewed foreign film of 2006. This film was widely anticipated by many in the Pagan community, and few (I think) were disappointed with the final product. You can read my review of the film, here.Its a matter of creating a fairy tale that is in favor of disobedience  obedience disguised as blind patriotism is often invoked for the worst causes. Its at a time when we are supposed to be better people by not questioning anything and in reality we are better people by doing it.  Guillermo Del Toro, Oscar WatchOn the opposite side of the scale is perhaps one of the most ill-advised remakes in movie history, The Wicker Man. Based loosely off the amazing 1973 film about a police officer running afoul of a island of Pagans off the Scottish coast, and starring Christopher Lee and directed by Robin Hardy, this remake by Nicolas Cage* and Neil LaBute takes everything that was good about the original and turns it into a bizarre misogynist screed involving killer bees. Nicolas Cage and Neil LaBute discussing their bizarre hatred of women.Thus, one of the most beloved pagan-themed films is remade into one of the worst pagan-themed films of all time. As a consequence it has racked up an impressive five nominations in the Razzies. Worst Picture, Actor, Screenplay, Remake and Screen Couple. I never formally reviewed the film on this blog, but I did eventually see it on DVD, and it truly is one of the worst films I ever had to sit through (the directors commentary is the only truly scary thing about it). Here is what HecklerSpray had to say about the film in their Razzies betting odds.You tend to get an idea that a film remake is bad when the director of the original angrily instructs his lawyers to remove his name from all promotional material for the remake, and thats just what happened with The Wicker Man. In years to come, The Wicker Man will be used as a blueprint for what not to do when youre remaking a classic film. You dont swap a creepy pagan island for a town full of feminists. You dont replace Edward Woodwards righteous fundamental Christian virgin policeman for Nicolas Cage being a bit scared of bees. And you absolutely dont tack on a ridiculous ending starring the angry boy from Spider-Man just for the hell of it. The Wicker Man is so profoundly awful it almost verges on sacrilege but  incredibly  The Razzies say it wasnt the worst film from the last year. Current Razzies Worst Movie betting odds  6/1I hope both films sweep their nominated categories.*Perhaps not so coincidently, Nicolas Cage ruined another of my favorite films with his Wings of Desire remake City of Angels. Maybe he should stick to playing roles like Ghost Rider.1465One response so farhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fvery-best-and-worst-of-pagan-film.htmlThe+Very+Best+and+Worst+of+Pagan+Film2007-02-23+15%3A29%3A00Jasonhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fthe-very-best-and-worst-of-pagan-film.htmlJason on Feb 22nd 2007 UncategorizedPantheacon Wrap-UpAs I mentioned earlier this week, Pantheacon, perhaps the largest indoor Pagan convention, occurred this past weekend. Now that everyone has had a chance to rest a bit from the festivities, thoughts and experiences from the weekend are popping up in the Pagan blogosphere.Anne Hill talks about the highs and lows of this years P-Con. Among the lows is the manner of dress for certain attendees..its bad enough that a certain elder in the community thinks its a good idea to walk around in a wizard costume to promote his new book and correspondence course. He had us covered for Sorcerers Apprentice lookalikes. But the Johnny Depp wannabe was just disturbing. In the first place, he was in no way as good looking as Johnny Depp, which made him an object of derision more than a sex symbol  probably not the effect he had intended. In the second place, it was annoying to see some guy in a pirate outfit with beads hanging from his beard every day. He served as a reminder that many among us are in no way ready for prime time, and that its really a good thing Christopher Guest hasnt chosen the Pagan community to mock in his next film feature. Why bother, when we mock ourselves so well?Deborah Oak, in the comments of Anne Hills blog, brings up a common fashion complaint at Pagan gatherings. What is up with all the medieval/renaissance garb?My fashion peeve is the overabundance of Medieval garb. Why do we pagans have to constantly invoke the dark ages? Why?On her own blog, Oak says that Pantheacon left her with the impression that the modern Pagan community is maturing (despite the outfits).am still ruminating on the experience, which was overwhelmingly positive. Witches and pagans are indeed moving on from the state of reaction and reclaiming and as a whole I felt the maturing of the Craft.Thorn Coyle speaks fondly of the conversations she had at the convention.The highlights for me are always the conversations, which this year included the video documentary Im working on with a friend. What a joy to listen to and film smart people with deep practice and enough engagement in their respective traditions to have theological ideas about even ingrained patterns of speech (I got to ask What do you mean when you say The Goddess? and get a tasty answer in reply!), or enough history in their studies to be able to chart the current wave we are on in relation to other transformative waves. Scratch someone with mastery and youll get some interesting answers.Alfrecht gives a very detailed account of his weekend there.Much which was unexpected took place in the course of these several days, but all of it, without exception, was positive, despite some frustrations here and there. Aster articulated and summarized an excellent point which could be applied to the entire experience: Magic is the world suddenly acquiring a plot. I hope that this plot is one which others are interested in, or at least are as interested in as I am!Erynn Rowan Laurie discusses why she had to turn Llewellyn down at the convention.Talked to Isaac Bonewits and it turned out he was dining with the acquisitions editor and the publicist from Llewellyn, who immediate pounced upon me and were desperate for me to write for them. I gently turned them down, explaining that a CR 101 would probably work for their audience, but Id promised my ogam book to Megalithica, and that really, a book on filidecht would deal with the search for illumination that results in one of three things  poetry, madness or DEATH  and that honest, I didnt think their target market was quite ready for that.A blogger by the name of ardgruntler was a bit dismayed by how quickly mutual friendship and respect dissipated after the convention.Are We Serious or Not? Because Im finding it a little tough to see the leaders who were talking the we need to stand together as pagans walk at Pantheacon  two days later taking pot shots again. Ive gone from really hopeful to kinda sad. And I feel a little bad myself. The best I can say about my behavior is that I didnt level shots at other organizations, just my own. (Dont know which is worse. But, since looking at ones own house with a critical eye is essential to any real growth, Ill stick with the former.)And in a final note, an attendee by the name of Todd praises Margot Adler for telling modern Pagans we need to shape up (literally).Kudos to Margot for facing probably three hundred Pagans and telling us all We need to take better care of ourselves [i.e, physically]. And P-Con programming folks: When you get my proposal to lead a morning fun run/walk each day next year, take it seriously.On that note, I think Ill head off to the gym.1464No responses yethttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fpantheacon-wrap-up.htmlPantheacon+Wrap-Up2007-02-22+19%3A12%3A00Jasonhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fpantheacon-wrap-up.htmlJason on Feb 21st 2007 UncategorizedChecking In With The Witches Next DoorLast month I reported (skeptically) about a Wiccan family appearing on TLCs new reality series My Unique Family. The episode, entitled The Witches Next Door, featured Rev. Kendra Vaughan Hovey, elder high priestess of Duxburys First Church of Wicca, and her family as they struggled with their day-to-day life. The episode in question aired on Monday, and feedback from Pagans who watched the show has been appearing in the blogosphere. Surprisingly, it seems that the Hovey family acquitted themselves well, and that TLC didnt pull any of the usual reality-television dirty tricks.The Hovey Family: Kendra, Tim, Alana, and AlecFor once, I was actually quite surprised and pleased with it. The family was portrayed as being regular people who had regular concerns within their family and in daily life. It seems that the main theme of this episode was religious tolerance, which makes sense to me. There are so many people that do not have an understanding of Pagan religions for several reasons, including not having any exposure to it. One thing that struck me was that Rev. Kendra Vaughan Hovey said that she would rather have people say things to her face rather than saying things behind her back. That way, they have a chance for communication and education.  S. Nichole, A Pagan SojournI have to say that I was pleased beyond my wildest expectations. It was a fair and honest portrayal of the Wiccan faith. It was a fair and honest portrayal of an American family who just happens to follow a faith that is outside the societal norms. It showed the good and the bad (each child expresses feelings of being left out because of how busy their mother is with her with her congregation responsibilities).  Mama Kelly, A Blog of Two WitchesI was really presently surprised though! The family was as normal as can be, the father was an IT consultant and the mother ran the First Church of Wicca in her town and was a full-time mom. Take away the pentacle and she could have been any religious minister. They are raising their two children in the Wiccan path but they also are prepared to let them walk their own path if they so choose.  Jaspenelle Stewart, Graceful SymmetryMore reviews of the episode can be found, here, here, here, and here.In reading over all the reviews I have found so far, it seems the main criticism of the show is aimed at Rev. Hoveys insistence on constantly wearing a Christian clerical collar everywhere she went no matter what she was doing. But aside from that issue, the feedback seems generally positive. So congratulations to the Hovey family for winning the reality television lottery*, a positive portrayal of a modern Pagan faith in one of the most sensationalist formats ever invented.*Like winning the lottery, the chances of another Pagan family experiencing the same treatment is on par with being struck several times by lightning on a clear day while taking a walk. So remember my semi-official guideline for Pagans and reality television, if it isnt Oprah (or TLC I guess), just say no.14634 responses so farhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fchecking-in-with-witches-next-door.htmlChecking+In+With+The+Witches+Next+Door2007-02-21+15%3A14%3A00Jasonhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fchecking-in-with-the-witches-next-door.htmlJason on Feb 20th 2007 UncategorizedAsatru in Prison (Again)Much as Wiccans used to only get media coverage on Halloween (in Salem), so it seems that Asatru (aka Odinism or Heathenry) only gets coverage in the context of prison. This time it concerns a complaint filed by inmate Darrell Hoadley (serving life for a torture-murder). Hoadley is requesting several ritual items and religious privileges that he says are given to more mainstream faiths but denied the small incarcerated Asatru group in South Dakota.An inmate serving life in prison for a torture murder that sent two co-defendants to death row wants a federal judge to approve a toy sword and other items and privileges for the practice of an ancient European religionHoadley said hes suing prison staff because they have denied some of his requests while members of other religions have gotten similar privilegesHoadleys lawsuit asks for 23 ritual items, 10 reference materials and other requests, including visits from people who also practice the religion.While many of the requested items are already available, the prison says that some items cant be approved due to pending litigation in the courts regarding the Asatru faith (no further information is given). The article also talks to Mike Murray from The Asatru Alliance to give some background.Asatru has more than 10,000 members in the United States but is not organized, so an exact number is hard to come by, said Mike Murray, who said he has practiced the religion for more than 40 years and runs the site asatru.org. Theres no supreme religious leader. Its more or less on a personal level, even though there are groups that gather and call themselves kindreds. And I know there are hundreds of them, he said in a telephone interview from his home near Phoenix.Many Asatru arent very forgiving to those who dishonor themselves or their faith in the manner he did. Some of the comments left on the article make that pretty plain.This nithing is not a follower of the Nine Noble Virtues. He is about as Asatru as a Klansman is Christian. If he pretends to follow the Norse/Germanic ways then he is headed for Nifelheim, where Hel punishes the murderers. Nothing he does will lighten his wyrd. He is a nithing criminal and his deeds are a stain on the holy name of Asatru. Let him rot in his cell and die as dishonorably as he has lived. Do not look to convicts and torturers if you wish to see a good example of what Asatru is really about. Look to Freya Aswynn, Diana Paxson, Galina Krasskova and other non-racist, law-abiding and respected leaders. Not all of us espouse violence and cruelty. Our religion, with its lawspeakers at Thing, contains the very foundation of the modern American legal system.Asatru has a complex dynamic with its incarcerated co-religionists, I think some comments made by Heathen blogger Dave Haxton on this blog last year encapsulate this.the first principle of Heathenry is that an individual is responsible for their own actions, and that one should accept the consequences of those actionsNow, all that being said, I also believe that this is an example of a failure on the part of mainstream Asatrurar to take prison ministry seriously: we need more folks to volunteer to go into the system and *teach* the inmates about heathenry, and not just depend on sending pamphlets and books. And the prison system needs to allow this I personally went into the Indiana State Prison at Greencastle once a month over a period of two years aiding in kindred formation and getting the guys started out on the right foot. Its frustrating as Hel: of all the folks I worked with there was only one or two who really got it and werent just looking for an excuse to get out of chores. But one of those men actually turned down a parole offer because he felt hed not paid enough back to society for his misdeeds. Thats what being a heathen means. Potentially we have a lot to offer inmates: were not a religion of instant redemption, and we cant sprinkle anyone with magic fairy dust and eliminate their crimes in the eyes of the Holy Powers. But we can show them how they can do so for themselves: thats the power and virtue of the heathen path.As Asatru continues to grow, it will be up to the various Asatru organizations and leaders to take point on explaining the nature of the faith to those looking to sensationalize Asatru in Prison stories. I think people like Dave Haxton (and the Heathen blogging community) show a way to do this that doesnt dismiss the crimes of the people involved, and explains their faith in a clear manner.14623 responses so farhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fasatru-in-prison-again.htmlAsatru+in+Prison+%28Again%292007-02-20+15%3A56%3A00Jasonhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fasatru-in-prison-again.htmlJason on Feb 19th 2007 UncategorizedThe Army Doesnt Want Wiccan ChaplainsThe Washington Post reports on the story of Don Larsen, a former Army chaplain who tried to switch his religious designation from Pentecostal to Wiccan and was denied the request, pulled from active service in Iraq, and removed from the chaplain corps despite an unblemished record.On July 6, he applied to become the first Wiccan chaplain in the U.S. armed forces, setting off an extraordinary chain of events. By years end, his superiors not only denied his request but also withdrew him from Iraq and removed him from the chaplain corps, despite an unblemished service recordLarsen, 44, blames only himself. He said he was naive to think he could switch from Pentecostalism to Wicca in the same way that chaplains routinely change from one Christian denomination to another.What happened was that the Sacred Well Congregation (a group filled with current and former military personnel), who were already trying to establish the first Wiccan chaplain (they have met all bureaucratic goals and only needed a viable candidate), heard of Larsons desire to switch and tried to become his new endorsing religious body (a requirement of all chaplains).When Larsen came along last spring, Sacred Wells leaders thought they finally had someone the military could not possibly reject: a physically fit 6-foot-4 clergyman originally ordained as a Southern Baptist minister, who holds a masters degree from New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary. Moreover, Larsen had spent 10 years as an officer in the National Guard, finished near the top of his class in chaplains training and was already serving as a chaplain in Iraq. But Oringderff said that his group, like Larsen, underestimated the institutional resistance. Each time we advance to a scoring position, they change the rules, he said.While in the process of switching faiths within the chaplaincy (normally a routine process, involving some paperwork), a senior Army chaplain disclosed to the Pentecostal Church exactly what Larsen was switching to and as a result pulled their endorsement of Larsen before Sacred Wells endorsement could be approved.The Chaplaincy of Full Gospel Churches immediately severed its ties to Larsen. The Sacred Well Congregation could not renew his papers, because it was not yet an official endorser. Lacking an ecclesiastical endorsement, Larsen was ordered to cease functioning immediately as a chaplain, and the Pentagon quickly pulled him out of Iraq.Retired Army colonel Jim Ammerman, the president and founder of Chaplaincy of Full Gospel Churches admits that the church went against longstanding agreements among endorsers in pulling Larsens papers. You can guess why they broke normal protocol.But if its not a valid thing, [Wiccans] run around naked in the woods [and] draw blood with a dagger [in their ceremonies]. You cant do that in the military. Its against good order and discipline.For more on Ammermans view of the military and our government, you should check out these notes from a seminar he gave. As for Larsen, he is keeping quiet since he doesnt want to be kicked out of the military and lose his career in the Guard.Its not my place as a little captain to challenge the decisions or policies or motives or actions of my superiors, he says. I got to come home and resume my career in the Guard. Im very thankful for that. Understand, its all Ive got left. . . . This was a big blunder. I barely survived it. I dont have another one in me.So despite the fact that his superior believes that a grave injustice was done, there is little to do for Larsen. No written protocols or rules were broken in Larsens exile from chaplaincy, and thanks to these catch-22s the Army and other branches of the military can stall Pagan chaplains for as long as they wish. Outside candidates with the Armys proper credentials and qualifications are going to be rare, and those wanting to switch to a Pagan faith will most likely find their previous endorsements pulled before their new endorsement can be enacted (which leaves them in a sort of chaplaincy limbo). This attitude that Wiccans and Pagans are devil-worshipers who cant obey military protocol isnt going to go away any time soon, and is most likely the reason for the VAs stalling over approving the Pentacle for military gravestones and markers. If nothing changes in the near future, it may be another ten or twenty years before we see the military willingly approve a Pagan chaplain.14614 responses so farhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Farmy-doesnt-want-wiccan-chaplains.htmlThe+Army+Doesn%27t+Want+Wiccan+Chaplains2007-02-19+14%3A57%3A00Jasonhttp%3A%2F%2Fwildhunt.org%2Fblog%2F2007%2F02%2Fthe-army-doesnt-want-wiccan-chaplains.htmlNext Search for:Support the Hunt If you like The Wild Hunt and wish to support its mission and see it thrive, please consider making an annual donation of $5 or more.This is an ad-free blog. The Wild Hunt doesn't accept corporate advertising.Subscribe RSS or FeedburnerLivejournal SyndicationDreamwidth SyndicationInsaneJournal SyndicationFollow TWH on TwitterBecome a Fan at FacebookSubscribe via e-mailRead TWH on your KindleRecent Comments The PNC Blog FamilyPagan+PoliticsThe JugglerWarriors & KinPagan BlogosphereAlane BrownAlison ShafferAnne HillAnne JohnsonAstridBeth Owl's DaughterBlog ElysiumByron BallardCaroline TullyCat Chapin-BishopChas CliftonCJ StoneCosetteDave HaxtonDavid SalisburyDeborah LippDeborah OakDevyn Christopher GilletteDianne SylvanDonald Michael KraigElysia GalloEvnissyenGlenys LivingstoneGus diZeregaHecateInannaIsaac BonewitsJames FrenchJohn Michael GreerKathryn Price NicDhanaLabrysLily Shahar KunningM. Macha NightMareMary K. GreerMedusa CoilsMetaPaganMorgaine BriganteMurphy PizzaPagan+PoliticsPatrick KelleyPatti WigingtonPeg AloiRobin ArtissonSage StarwalkerSannionSecher NbiwSiaStarhawkT. Thorn CoyleThe Political PaganVictoria Slind-FlorWitchmootWitchvox: BlogsPagan PodcastsATC PINElemental CastingsPagan Centered PodcastProud Pagan PodcastingRavencastThe CUUPS PodcastThe Wigglian WayVoices of the TempleWitchvox: PodcastsReligion BlogsBartholomews notesFaithWorldGet ReligionGuruphiliacHindu CurrentsJennifer EmickJews on FirstJohn MoreheadJohn SmuloKilling the BuddhaMatt StonePhilocritesReligion ClauseReligion WritersRNS BlogSoMa ReviewStreet ProphetsTalk To ActionThe RevealerUUpdatesWord on the StreetJasons research and examination of the news reveals a lot more simmering beneath the surface than youll ever find on CNN or NPR. Blogs like this are proof that blog journalism is every bit the equal of old-time mass media journalism. ModemacThe Wild Hunt is licensed under a Creative Commons License permitting non-commercial sharing with attribution.