Should Fox News Fire Tucker Carlson For Suggesting That Michael Vick  Be Executed. // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 84Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 29, 2010| 261 commentsShould Fox News Fire Tucker Carlson For Suggesting That Michael Vick  Be Executed. To watch this video, please turn on JavaScript and install the latest Flash Player.replaycomments    This video is not playable in our HTML5 Player at this time.    Try our HTML5 Video Player (BETA)Go back to our Flash Video Playerkeithponder added thisTucker Carlson filled in for Sean Hannity Tuesday night on Fox News and made a shocking claim: Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Michael Vick should be executed.Carlson led a panel discussion pegged to President Obama's recent phone call with the Eagles owner, in which he applauded the Eagles for giving Vick a second chance following his time in jail over his dogfighting scandal.But Carlson is not as forgiving as Obama or the Eagles."I'm a Christian, I've made mistakes myself, I believe fervently in second chances," Carlson said. "But Michael Vick killed dogs, and he did in a heartless and cruel way. And I think, personally, he should've been executed for that. He wasn't, but the idea that the President of the United States would be getting behind someone who murdered dogs? Kind of beyond the pale."===============================================================-Tucker Carlson claims to be a Christian and, like a lot of people, believes in 2nd chances for everybody except for Michael Vick. His inflammatory comments are actually creating a climate of hatred and racism in America. He's called for the death of Michael Vick. In 2010 we watched Juan Williams and Rick Sanchez both lose their jobs for making what some considered to be racially insensitive comments.They were fired immediately. Neither of the two, however, called for anyone to be put to death. Why shouldn't Tucker Carlson be fired from Fox News ?groups:News, Culture, Celebrity, Celebrity Gossip, Celebrities, Opinion, Debate, Fight Room, Question of the Day???, Current Debates 6 moretags:tucker carlson,Fox News. Rick Sanchez,Mike Vick. Barack Obama |Embed video:320x213400x267500x333640x427|261 comments// Should Fox News Fire Tucker Carlson For Suggesting That Michael Vick  Be Executed. // Videohide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+3nanacI find it extremely disturbing, that Republicans place more value on animal life than Human life..All life is valuable, however Human life is priceless!......Republicans remained silent while George Bush's Administration murdered thousands of innocent men/women/children..They referred to him as a "Strong Leader"...They were extremely proud of his murdering, lying,dysfunctional personality...Michael Vick paid his debt to society, Bush has failed to pay his! 9 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  nanac:"Quote of the Year". 9 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  nanac:I agree with you 100% on Bush the problem here of course is it has been proven through LOTS of research that people who brutalize Animals rarely stop at Animals. ANYBODY that can kill anything with his/her bare hands for shits and giggles is somebody you better ALWAYS keep an eye on.While it is true Bush gave orders that caused the death directly and indirectly of Millions I do not believe he posses the requisite sociopathic mental makeup to cause these murders at his own hand. This is why I say Vick is on a whole other level of EVIL. 9 days agoflag  reply+1nanac  Radical_Centrist:You are definitely right about Bush being on a different level than Michael Vick, because there is no comparison..Michael Vick participated in a vicious/brutal sport, (dog fighting), which is a misdemeanor in Idaho and Wyoming..Dog fighting is widely practiced in Latin America and Tokyo Japan..Numerous American kill various animals merely for sport, and think nothing of it.Sarah Palan killed an helpless animal on TV, and Republicans were silent as usual.. Most people who participate in animal fighting, don't progress to cold blooded murderers. Bush deeds are more evil,because he started a war just for greed/oil..He ordered the torturing of innocent people, and he brags about it..Please don't attempt to rewrite history and minimize Bush's crimes, because he will go down in history as a  war criminal.. 9 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  nanac:I NEVER said W was not evil I just said he was a DIFFERENT sort of Evil. W was a gullible Puppet with Cheney, Rumsfeld, & Wolfowitz as his Puppet Masters. Vick on the other hand is a sociopath there in lies the differing reasons for their acts of evil.You and the other Vick SUPPORTERS seem to be hung up on the Dog Fighting what about the TORTURING and HANDS ON KILLING? You do not have to be a Sociopath to fight a Dog, but you MUST certainly be one to some degree to HOLD a dog under water till he/she stops struggling and dies! 9 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  Radical_Centrist:Dude, you're the one that's acting like you're obsessed with this. You can't accept the fact that you're in a small minority with this "I hate Vick " campaign. What you believe is of no significance to anybody but you right now. The man did his time ,now he's making restitution to society right now. Why aren't you calling for the lives of abortion doctors  and furthermore, what business do you to call for the life of anybody ? Who in the hell are you?2 x2 = 4 and that's a fact. We all KNOW that. What you think or believe, again, is really of no consequence to anybody but you. You're acting like some jerk that's out in front of his old job picketing up and down the sidewalk because you fired. Nobody gives a damn but you. Mike Vick is going to continue speaking TO THE PUBLIC on behalf of the Animal Humane Society, he's going to keep talking to kids about the ills of dogfighting, he's going to keep on playing football in the NFL for the Philadelphia Eagles and he's going to keep on GETTING PAID MILLIONS OF DOLLARS because we want to see him WHILE YOU KEEP ON SCREAMING AT THE TELEVISION because you're a lonely miserable soul, regardless of whether he's playing or not. It's horrible to want to relive the past everyday. That's what you're talking about was THEN. What I'm talking about is NOW. You're powerless.So says the court of  law. Case closed.Q& A: How old are you ? Honestly. Because you're acting like a child. Honestly. 8 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  keithponder:I am 43 years old. The reason I will vehemently oppose any defense of Michael Vick is because sociopathy like Pedophilia is not something that is cured by a few months or years in Jail. The INTENTIONAL infliction of suffering on living things WITHOUT the slightest bit of empathy is a classic hallmark of a sociopath. When you get the chance you should read a book called "The Sociopath Next Door" You will think it was written about your buddy Vick. 8 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  Radical_Centrist:Michael Vick tried to escape going to prison by claiming that he had a problem with marijuana and alcohol.He could have received an early release from prison and possibly been sent to a drug rehabilitation center for a full year and sent to a halfway house for the remainder of his sentence. It was to no avail. He was diagnose to be normal. He received several NFL AND COURT ORDERED clinical and mental evaluations before his trial, while he was incarcerated, and after his release at his halfway house and no doctor, psychologist,or psychiatric has never been diagnosed him to be a sociopath. The problem is that just because sociopaths often torture animals doesn't mean that everyone who tortures animals is a sociopath. If Vick were really a sociopath, he would be looking for ways to resume his former bad behavior. People with normal psychology can do very bad things. The question is whether they can change after coming face-to-face with the consequence of their actions. By all accounts, Vick has. You're not a doctor,but you did sleep at a Holiday Inn, right ? You insist on behaving like a sociopath yourself by returning over and over again to this thread to inflict pain on someone that can't even feel a damn thing that you're doing.Calling this man a sociopath and comparing him to a pedophile is amateur. Where are you credentials ? Oh, I forgot. You don't have any. YOU'RE A LIAR FOR CLAIMING THAT VICK HAS NEVER SHOWN THE SLIGHTEST BIT OF EMPATHY TOWARDS WHAT HE DID TO THOSE INNOCENT DOGS. He does it every time he goes to talk to children about what he did. You just refuse to acknowledge it.So raping women makes an athlete less of a sociopath? 8 days agoflag  reply+1nanac  Radical_Centrist:Please don't get it twisted! I am not, and never will be a Michael Vick fan/supporter.. I detest animal cruelty, and dislike people who kill/maim animals for personal gain or pleasure..I am amazed at people who try to compare the actions of a president, to those of an athlete..Bush and only Bush, is responsible for his barbaric deeds as president..It is an established fact that Bush had many puppet masters, and Michael Vick is probably smarter.. Bush would have to be deaf/dumb and blind, not to know that innocent people die in wars...The last time I checked, waterboarding is one of the cruelest form of torture known to mankind, and this interrogation technique was commonly used on Humans when he was president..Humans were held down under a  steady stream of water, a sort of "slow motion drowning"...If this is not the actions of a sociopath, I don't what is..... 8 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  keithponder:Keith I was a Business Major, so you are correct Psychology is my hobby and not my vocation. The fact that Vick has not been officially diagnosed as a Sociopath/Psychopath aka Antisocial Personality Disorder is no surprise to me. There is no standardized test to determine whether or not a person has a conscience.a sociopath is defined as someone who displays at least three of seven distinguishing characteristics deceitfulness, impulsivity, lack of remorse, Recklessness, Faithlessness, Aggressive, Never honoring financial obligations.I think we can all agree that Vick has at least three of those traits in spades. I believe it was Justice Potter Stewart who said when talking about the definition of obscenity I know it when I see it. I feel the same way when I look at the actions of Michael Vick.Normal people with a conscience are not capable of TORTUREING Animals on a "regular" basis. Can you imagine looking into the eyes of an Animal as you CHOKE the life out of him/her? That was a rhetorical question because unless you are a complete twisted freak the answer is no.For people like Vick it is no more traumatic that stomping on a Roach. I am beginning to wonder why you are taking the defense of Michael Vick so personally. On a SERIOUS note if this guy is in any way involved with your family you NEED to watch your back! sociopaths are often charming, gregarious, well liked individuals.Who did you say was "convicted" of rape? I am pretty sure you were ready to go hang the Duke Lacrosse players and the Tawana Brawley rapists as well. Those rape ALLEGATIONS did not work out so well as I recall. Anybody can be ACCUSED of a crime until they are convicted of it they are NOT GUILTY! 8 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  nanac:Like I said before one of the "BIG" difference between W and Vick was that Bush ordered gruesome stuff be done while Vick on the other hand GOT OFF on going and doing the gruesome stuff himself. Had Vick told one of his Dog handlers put that dog down because he/she lost I would just say he was a twisted POS, but when he goes and DROWNS the poor dog HIMSELF he moves up a bunch of rungs on the crazy ladder. 8 days agoflag  reply+2keithponder  Radical_Centrist:" The fact that Vick has not been officially diagnosed as a Sociopath/Psychopath aka Antisocial Personality Disorder is no surprise to me. There is no standardized test to determine whether or not a person has a conscience".===============================================================Only an idiot or an incompetent liar would make a comment like that. State and Federal judges order competency everyday for people convicted of crimes in this country just to see whether or not they can stand trial and be held responsible for their actions and the charges leveed against them.Pop goes the weasel.Tawana Brawley was a liar, and the fact that you're pretty sure that I would have defended her pretty much convinces me that your agenda is rooted in bigotry. You've got to dig that deep into your pot of racism that you've been cooking for days on this thread to continue trying to defend your baseless argument. You don't think that Black people can be objective when discussing issues that effect us as a people. Pre-judging others is called prejudice.I have no personal relationship with Michael Vick and no, you cannot suggest anything to me. YOU'RE NOT QUALIFIED .Impulsion, lack of remorse, recklessness, faithlessness, aggressive, never honoring financial obligations.Michael Vick, as of today, is not demonstrating any of those alleged attributes to PETA (WHO WANTED TO HANG HIM 4 YEARS AGO),the Animal Humane Society, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, his parole officer, the Governor of Pennsylvania Ed Rendell, and countless of other children that he voluntarily lectures to on a daily basis in this great country.Your vendetta with this man is personal and racist. You hide behind a phony avatar with a phony name and you try to keep everyone within an earshot of listening to you in fear by throwing rocks at people. Your argument is baseless which convinces me that you're pretty sure of nothing that you've been complaining and lying about on my thread for the past 3 days. I was a Sociology/ Liberal Arts major in college and understand the "labeling theory" all too well. Trying to attach deplorable names and adjectives to an individuals reputation to promote your own agenda is a form of hatred that accomplishes nothing. It only tells us all just how sick you really are. This doesn't even have anything to do with Michael Vick. It's your own mental illness that needs to be treated.Help is available to us all. Get some and good luck finding it. 7 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  Radical_Centrist:George Bush was not a puppet to Dick Cheney or anyone else. He was the president of the United States of America, but the loss and senseless deaths and murder of over 2,000,000 human beings living in Iraq are of less significance of than that of a total of 8 dogs brutally and unjustly killed in America.Keep typing so you can show us just how sick and demented you really are. 7 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  keithponder:http://conscience.thNo where did I say there are not test to determine a persons competence, I said there are no standardized tests to determine whether or not a person has a conscience. this will be my last post to you on this issue because you become more emotional and irrational as you go. I BELIEVE that Vick is a sociopath you do not, end of story case closed.This is the handiwork of that POS Vick, so you are right when you say my dislike for him is PERSONAL. 7 days agoflag  reply+2kodada  Radical_Centrist:"...Bush ordered gruesome stuff be done while Vick on the other hand GOT OFF on going and doing the gruesome stuff himself."Are you saying that Bush didn't 'get off on' or gain from cosigning & training humans to do to other humans what you yourself classify as sociopathic behavior? And what about the humans who actually carried out those commands on other humans, are they also sociopaths worthy of the death penalty or are they excused because they are just following orders? 7 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  kodada:What' I am saying is Bush ordered people to be tortured because he believed  it would yield information about possible attacks against this Country. Vick on the other hand tortured and KILLED these dogs because he is a sick, twisted, phuck who did it for shits and giggles which is why i believe him  to be a Sociopath.  I have always opposed the torture of detainees because it is unamerican and while it guarantees they will talk it does not guarantee they will tell you the truth. There is no doubt in my mind that a small percentage of the interrogators are indeed sociopaths as well. 7 days agoflag  reply+1nanac  Radical_Centrist:Michael Vick paid his dues to society, Bush didn't! The End.............................. 7 days agoflag  reply0nanac  keithponder:Amen! 7 days agoflag  reply+3Radical_Centrist  nanac:I agree with you that W should be held accountable for his actions. 7 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  Radical_Centrist:BEFORE & AFTER CONCLUSION OF MICHAEL VICKhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1r_fK_h_B6A&feature=relatedI'm iceberg cool under fire. I always have been and always will be.You came to battle with a BB gun. Defending George Bush, evoking the name of Tawana Brawley into this debate, and your unqualified diagnosis in calling Vick a sociopath are just a few things, to mention,  that are highly emotional and irrational. Your diatribe for the past 3 days has been without merit, fact less, and now that you've run out excuses to defend your argument and you're back in a corner with no place to hide, you finally admit that's it all personal. 3 DAYS. Your charges from day 1 were frivolous. In summary, you claim that there are no standardized tests to determine whether or not a person has a conscience. I beg to differ.Running your mouth and trying to turn your personal opinion into a clinical assessment is a pretty good litmus test for an insane conscious.Business major huh ? I hope that you have more business sense than you do common sense. 7 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  nanac:thank you brother. 7 days agoflag  reply+1nanac  keithponder:You are extremely welcome!............................................Nanac=Nana C 7 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  nanac:I hope you understand I was not trying to excuse what Bush did. I was just trying to point out the DIFFERING motivations to why they were done. My Grandmother use to say "the road to Hell is paved with good intention" so I am not excusing what he did. 7 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  Radical_Centrist:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5R8Ws8hOLdMWHERE'S YOU PASSION FOR CONDEMNING BUSH ?Excuses, excuses, tsk,tsk.... You spend 3 whole days bombarding this thread with propaganda about Vick being a sociopath and trying to convince everybody into to joining you in this "he'll never change theme", but you have the audacity to think that people are dumb enough to not see through your small one line quotes about George Bush being wrong so you can say "I agree with you" ? Why isn't your bone with Bush personal, or do you even hate him the way you do Michael Vick ?Your passion is not rooted in justice. Your "so-called passion is rooted in hatred.YOU SAID THAT YOU WERE GONE. You should have stayed gone. 7 days agoflag  reply0nanac  Radical_Centrist:Thanks for the clarification.... 6 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_CentristI find it disturbing that there are some on this thread who are more upset with what Tucker Carlson said than what Michael Vick did. I think it was obvious that Tucker Carlson was being flippant when he made the remark he did.I remember when the story first broke and we found out the GRUESOME nature in which he killed these Dogs MANY people were on TV saying the same thing with a lot more passion.Do you see any remorse in his eyes? As the champagne flows, does he look ashamed about the deeds he's done? Vick shows as much remorse for the dogs he abused/MURDERED as he did his first night out of prison, when he went to a strip club. 10 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  Radical_Centrist:This video was taken in 2009. In 15 hours in will be 2011. What's wrong with a man going to a strip club after being incarcerated for nearly 2 years. I pity for being consumed with so much hatred. l really do.THIS VIDEO WAS TAKEN NEARLY 2 YEARS AGO. WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM ? DO YOU THINK THAT PEOPLE ARE SO DUMB THAT THEY'LL ALLOW PEOPLE LIKE YOU TO POST SHIT THAT SOMEONE DID FOUR YEARS AGO AND TRY AND CONVINCE THEM TO USE IT AS EVIDENCE FOR THEIR BEHAVIOR OR MENTAL STATE OF MIND TODAY?If you do then maybe we all should  start posting photos of the Japanese to bombing Pearl Harbor, and of horrific photos of Black people hanging from trees as recent as 60 years ago in the great nation we call America just so we can recruit as many people as possible to participate in YOUR HATE CAMPAIGN, because that's all that this is. It's your own personal hate campaign.You're worst and much more of coward than both Michael Vick and Tucker Carlson are. At least they use their own names while doing whatever they do, instead of hiding behind an avatar with a phony name. 10 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  keithponder:I understand this video was taken MANY months ago. That of course was my point it was taken right around the time he got out of Prison. MOST normal people who are TRULY remorseful for what they have done would go home and at least ACT contrite. 9 days agoflag  reply+2EdJoyProductionsNo, they should fire him for being an idiotic douche bag. 10 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  EdJoyProductions:Which is more of a douche bag move in your opinion someone making an off the cuff remark about killing Vick or Vick ACTUALLY torturing and KILLING Dogs? 10 days agoflag  reply+2EdJoyProductions  Radical_Centrist:Michael Vick is beyond the term douche bag.  It's comparing apples to sociopaths.  Carlson is a pseudo journalist so this stupid remark is just another in a long line of idiotic statements.  Michael Vick and his posse are extremely disturbed individuals.  I am sure that his lack of empathy for other living things makes him a great football player but it still makes him a terrible human being.More horrific move goes to Michael Vick.  Lord of Douchebaggery still goes to Carlson. 10 days agoflag  reply0remanns  EdJoyProductions:+^d   good call 10 days agoflag  reply+1nanac  EdJoyProductions:Perfect answer! 10 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  EdJoyProductions:I see we are on the same page yet again. I have no problem with People criticizing FAUX news, but defending Michael Vick is straight up crazy. 10 days agoflag  reply+2EdJoyProductions  Radical_Centrist:Oh, I would never defend Michael Vick.  I love dogs so his actions totally disgusted me.  But anyone that willfully tortures any living thing for FUN is very scary.  Every serial killer started with animals.  That kind of lack of empathy is usually not limited to animals. 10 days agoflag  reply+1AutisticmattTo watch this video, please turn on JavaScript and install the latest Flash Player.And... 10 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  Autisticmatt:Maroon-5 & ColdPlay lookout. Autisticmatt  is headed for #1. 10 days agoflag  reply+1AutisticmattWho care's if Tucker is a christian- all of those creatures say crazy things... and they always will. Religion and the Fox Nazis are a business of FEAR.Fox news is so fair and balanced :) 10 days agoflag  reply0artemis6  Autisticmatt:they SHOULD call it " FEAR Unbalanced " . That is truth . 10 days agoflag  reply+2gepma44RACISM LIVES What ben roethlisberger did to that young college lady was ten times worse yet it barely registered a blip where is the outrage at the act commited to a HUMAN BEING.....RACISM LIVES....no one mentions Marv Albert and his sexual indescretions. I guess if he had f#cked a dog it would be different. Yet everyone wants to hang vick...SHAME america 10 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  gepma44:This Woman NEVER went to the Police to file a criminal complaint of rape against Ben Roethlisberger she goes to a Tort Lawyer instead to get PAID. Vick has been proven beyond a reasonable doubt to be a MURDERING twisted phuck. The ONLY thing proven in the Roethlisberger incident is the ALLEGED victim is a Money grubbing Gold Digger!On August 8, 2009, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette published details of an affidavit filed as part of a motion by two of the other defendants named in the suit to relocate the case from Washoe County to Douglas County. In the affidavit, Angela Antonetti, McNulty's former co-worker, delivered a sworn statement that McNulty had bragged to her about having consensual sex with Roethlisberger. As part of the affidavit, Antonetti said she was "absolutely shocked" upon hearing of the case on the radio on July 21. Antonetti explained, "I knew that her lawsuit and false allegations would unfairly and unjustly hurt Mr. Roethlisberger" 10 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  Radical_Centrist:Bullshit. You keep trying to carry this lie that you're telling from pillar to post.She and her friends went to the cops at the club that same night. The investigating officer referred to her as a drunk bitch, while Ben's bodyguards (off duty cops) shrugged the story off telling her that Ben would never do anything to hurt his reputation, never mind the fact that he already had 2 pending cases regarding going on in different states.The investigator later quit his job, after the incriminating video tape of the incident came up missing.IT WAS DESTROYED. He was one of the many people that were payed off. The other 2 cops were fired when they got back to Pennsylvania .Get your facts straight.I live in Georgia and I'm on the NFLPA Executive Committee in Atlanta. I've seen the transcripts.Ben Roethlisberger is a rapist. He never saw a courtroom or did a day in jail or prison, and what makes matters worst is that people like you want to defend this rapist, and have the audacity to call for Michael Vick's death. 10 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  keithponder:Ben Roethlisberger "MIGHT" well be a Rapists, but we "KNOW" beyond a doubt that Vick "IS" a heartless Animal abusing phuck!RENO, Nev.  Law enforcement officials in Nevada have no intention of opening a criminal investigation into allegations Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger raped a woman at a Lake Tahoe hotel-casino a year ago, the sheriff's department said Wednesday.Douglas County Sheriff's Deputy Teresa Duffy said the accuser would have to file a criminal complaint to trigger an investigation into the incident the woman says occurred during a celebrity golf tournament last July while she was working as an executive VIP casino host at Harrah's Lake Tahoe."The victim is the only one who can do that," Duffy told The Associated Press. "Unless there was a third party that actually witnessed the incident, which according to the civil case, was not the case here."The 31-year-old Nevada woman has filed a lawsuit saying the Super Bowl winning quarterback raped her in a hotel penthouse across the street from the golf course, a claim his lawyer vehemently denies. 10 days agoflag  reply+2nkeg87I love dogs. But seriously? There are people that kill PEOPLE all the time and don't get executed. Ive heard too many stories of people that are connected or rich or famous or whatever and dont even serve time for their crimes. 10 days agoflag  reply0SpencerTreeGardenWhy does he get to go back to making millions just to play with a leather ball on a big field? 10 days agoflag  reply+1gepma44  SpencerTreeGarden:the same reason that marv albert brett favre and ben roethlisberger are able to continue to make millions. the difference is that vick is black. since when does a crime against an animal hold the same seriousness as a crime against a person..... 10 days agoflag  reply+2Radical_Centrist  gepma44:You REALLY are grasping if you think Bret Farve's sexting pics of his junk to a GROWN Woman is on the same level of some Sociopathic phuck TORTURING Animals to death! When exactly was ben roethlisberger "convicted" of rape? I know you and the Neo-cons believe that everyone accused of a crime is guilty until proven innocent, but it is SUPPOSED to be the other way around. 10 days agoflag  reply0SpencerTreeGarden  Radical_Centrist:either way science needs more money than sports players. 9 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  SpencerTreeGarden:Professorial Athletics is probably the best working example of the beauty of Supply & Demand. 9 days agoflag  reply+1sketchartist2401just ridiculous get rid of them !!! 10 days agoflag  reply+1galwaymanI agree with Tucker Carlson 100 percent! 10 days agoflag  reply-2keithponder  galwayman:Tucker Carlson doesn't agree with Tucker Carlson 100 percent! He recanted his comments last night to his Ed Morrisey personal friend in private. Go to http://hotair.com/archives/2010/12/29/video-tucker-carlson-says-vick-should-have  or read my comments posted on this story further down. Tucker Carlson has moved on to his next spoof.SUCKER. 10 days agoflag  reply0Kitten_MoonGood luck. Fox likes them evil and controversial. 10 days agoflag  reply+3Radical_Centrist  Kitten_Moon:I am NOT a fan of FAUX News, but what Carlson "said"  is nowhere near as bad as what Vick "did". You will NEVER convince me that a person who does such Sociopathic things to Animals is not doing some twisted crap to people as well. 10 days agoflag  reply+2CalgarCFaux news should fire itself 10 days agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarian  CalgarC:I never hired them in the first place.  I wish their viewers would fire them. 10 days agoflag  reply0CalgarC  ThatCrazyLibertarian:lol... 10 days agoflag  reply+2EnJin95I believe that he should be fired.. and to make it more interesting, I think that in order for him to get his job back, he has to go on national television, stand in front of 15 microphones and be asked hundreds of questions and apologize for his lack of respect for the life of another human being. Then Fox News has the option of bringing him back on, but he'll have to loose all of his endorsements, his show would have to come on at 3 am on Wednesday, and he'll take a 60% pay reduction. Then we'll see how he feels about second chances. 10 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  EnJin95:I suspect Tucker Carlson would walk through hell in Gasoline soaked skivvies before he would apologize to the likes of Vick. 10 days agoflag  reply+1gepma44  EnJin95:What did Marve Albert have to do to get his job back?...you dont recall what marv albert did do you? thats because after he sexually assaulted and bit a young lady in a hotel room while wearing a wig and womens clothes all he had to do is pay the lady off ..lay low for two years and he was able to come back into broadcasting. and no one in the media or otherwise EVER mentions the incident..WHERE ARE OUR PRIORITIES? Do we hate black americans so that we will condemm a man for an incident involving a dog yet tactfully forget a white mans sexually perverted act against another Human being? 10 days agoflag  reply+1EnJin95  gepma44:YES... MARV for two.. yeah he bit his mistress on the back, and then a few months later, he married his girl friend.. makes me wonder what type of freak she is in the bed. As far as respect to another human being, I live in the south.. I see confederate flags every day. there are people that think that owning a person is still a good idea. You can't win them all, we as "Christians" have to be tolerant of people that aren't "Evolving". 10 days agoflag  reply+2Johnd38People have less respect for human life than for animals 10 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  Johnd38:Depends on the human I suppose. 10 days agoflag  reply+2RMattnerToursWhy do people even watch Fox they are a waste of time, how anyone can take them seriously is beyond me. 10 days agoflag  reply+2MrMxyzptlkWell, it's not much differant than what most people here on Current want to see done to anyone who kills dogs.  Hell, they've wanted me dead just because I don't see a problem with a cop shooting a dog.  I guess Tucker is in good company here. 10 days agoflag  reply+2unclecharlieShould Fox News execute Tucker Carlson for suggesting that Michael Vick be fired? Hmmm..... 10 days agoflag  reply+1unclecharlieObama's an idiot. So is Michael Vick. Tucker Carlson? I'd fire him just because he has two last names. 10 days agoflag  reply0RMattnerTours  unclecharlie:Obama should have kept out of this one. 10 days agoflag  reply+1keithponderhttp://media.masslive.com/my_wide_world/photo/9157464-large.jpgTake a real good look at this Joker. Jon Stewart was right. Tucker Carlson is a DICKHave we all gotten to the point where we're willing to say anything about anyone?Are we so immune to the constant shock and awe we see from our national news pundits that we will sit on our sofas and do nothing when a national figure calls for the execution of another human being? It appears we have because Fox News commentator Tucker Carlson still has a job after saying that Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Michael Vick should have been executed for killing dogs.The subject came up when Carlson started to criticize President Obama for supporting Vick's opportunity at a second chance following his release from prison. As we all know, Vick spent 23 months in a federal prison for his role in a dog fighting scandal. It should be pointed out that Carlson made his comments after couching them by claiming that he is indeed a Christian.Now, I don't know about you, but the fact that Carlson felt the need to point out he was a Christian before calling for the death of another human being should somehow ease the pain of the remark. I don't spend much time on the Sean Hannitys and Keith Olbermans of the world. Their commentary is boring and predictable. It's like watching reruns of The Cosby Show, except they're not as funny.But, this episode goes way beyond the fair and balanced --- the conservative versus liberal --- slant we find in today's media machine. This goes way beyond shock value and entertainment. It's irresponsible and feeds into the complete lack of respect we all seem to have for each other.If Fox News had any self respect, the network would fire Tucker Carlson immediately.Just when you think you've heard everything along comes Tucker Carlson. 11 days agoflag  reply+3Radical_CentristVick is killing Dogs today what/who tomorrow? 11 days agoflag  reply+2remanns  Radical_Centrist:We cant be sure,.....but he would be advised to be sure his gloves DON'T fit. 11 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  Radical_Centrist:Vick is not killing dogs today. ALL OF THIS HAPPENED NEARLY 4 YEARS AGO SO STOP LYING.You're full of hate.Vick admitted his crime and served a prison sentence for it. He also seems to have grasped the wrong of what he did and regretted his actions which is more than can be said of many.It is disturbing that Tucker Carlson thinks what Vick did deserves the death penalty. Because if that crime deserves the death penalty, how many other crimes do also? Wed be awash in blood if Carlson had his way and any sort of logic prevailed.For example, I wonder what penalty hed mete out to abortionists, or women who have abortions. What about disturbed women who throw their babies away in garbage cans? Should we execute them?And thats just a starting point. The list could go on and on 11 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  remanns:http://hotair.com/archives/2010/12/29/video-tucker-carlson-says-vick-should-have...Does Tucker really believe that Vick should have gotten the death penalty? He says NOhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AN8kAjbuCIA&feature=relatedEd Morrisey of HotAir.com did something a lot of bloggers don't:. He got on the phone. He said Carlson told him: "I love dogs - we have three - and I think what Vick did was horrifying and shockingly cruel. Executed? I don't know. I do know that 19 months is a joke. People get more than that for tax evasion. He certainly shouldn't be back in the NFL with Obama rooting for him. What the president said is disgusting."================================================================In other words, Tucker was exaggerating for effect in order to make the point that Vicks time didnt fit the crime. In that, Tucker is hardly alone. Vick remains controversial not just for his employment in the NFL, but also because of the sentence and his release. The sentence came as part of a plea bargain to a single felony count that normally carried a sentence of 12 months to 5 years in prison; Vick got 25 months and parole after 19 months, in keeping with federal sentencing guidelines. Other athletes have gotten off more easily. LeShon Johnson, a former NFL running back for the Packers, Giants, and Cardinals, got a five-year deferred sentence from a state charge in Oklahoma after investigators rescued 200 dogs and busted more than 20 people in a dog-fighting ring in 2005. NBA player Qyntel Woods got 80 hours of community service in 2005 for staging dogfights at his house in Oregon (again, state charges).The problem to which Tucker objects is an issue with the law, rather than leniency on the part of the system. Unless and until the law is changed to assign more prison time for the crime, then Vick did an appropriate amount of time for a first-time offender under the law as it existed at the time. Once Vick got parole after serving most of the sentence, then he was certainly free to earn a living. The NFL can certainly be criticized for allowing him to return, although I disagree since Vick did his time, as can the Eagles for signing him to the contract. Reasonable people can disagree on those points.YOU'RE THE SUCKER IN ALL OF THIS. TUCKER CARLSON, IN PRIVATE CONVERSATION, LIKE MOST COWARDS WILL, BACKS OFF FROM HIS EXECUTION COMMENTS.Forrest Gump led his lost followers around the country for 3 years, 14 months, 2 days and 16 hours before he decided to stop worthless run. Tucker Carlson spared you guys the misery, mainly because he has to move on to his next spoof. He privately stopped RUNNING his mouth only 2 DAYS later. He did it in a private conversation, over the phone, to remain in control of the minds of the dumb people that have never had the courage to believe in themselves so they continue to look for these false messiahs that they'll allow to take them anywhere as long as they don't have feel that the world has deserted them and left them to think for themselves. I take no comfort in being the bearer of bad news, but it is however, my Earthly duty to inform you that you've.......been trick again. He didn't mean it.P.T. Barnum told us that.......There's a sucker born every 5 minutes. From the likes of some of the comments that I've been reading in the past 24 hours, it looks it down to every 1 minute now. He didn't mean it. How does that make you feel ? I truly hope that you don't have too hard a time in finding your way home by yourselves. 10 days agoflag  reply+3Radical_Centrist  keithponder:Would you trust your Animals or Grandchildren with this twisted freak? 10 days agoflag  reply+2thedirtmanMy question about Tucker Carlson is whether he is really that stupid or whether he is pretending to be stupid to drive up ratings? 11 days agoflag  reply+3ozoneoceanThe dog cruelty guy should've got 5 years in prison. But he's been through the legal machine now and that's done with.Calling for execution is insane, but I also think the idea of firing people constantly for silly one off things they say or do is bad for the whole industry. Reprimand the idiot instead so he learns not to do it again, 11 days agoflag  reply0Follow_meLOL 11 days agoflag  reply+2sffsmessiahi think the point is why is fox news weighing in on obama weighing in on the philadelphia eagles weighing in on michael vick's problem with jobs. Fox news is looking to destroy Obama/powerful black people--why would Carlson be fired for promoting the agenda? 11 days agoflag  reply+4CarlosIsDownNo, they shouldn't fire him, they should Drop the "News" from their name and call themselves "News Corp Fox Corporation to Make Benefit Republican Party and Other Such Conservative Causes"Anywho, I hope this was hyperbole. 11 days agoflag  reply+1DeadtheistFox News should just be shut down as a whole. Seriously. They're the second biggest employer to the mentally handicapped next to Wal*Mart. 11 days agoflag  reply+2naviderHe should absolutely be fired!!All these a holes want to do is make the President look bad.Also when the hell did these bastards ever give a shit about the life of anyone let alone dogs?Exactly what talent do any of these losers have?..............all they do is lie and try manipulate their undereducated viewers. 11 days agoflag  reply+1Johnd38He should be Immediately Terminated!!!  America is Obsessed with animals.  Get him out & ban him to extinction!!! Worthless human causing these problems. 11 days agoflag  reply+2PzLuvHappenizWhat Vick did was awful. But everyone deserves a second chance, he went to jail, lost all of his credibility and all of his money.  He now does speeches around philly, donates to the SCPCA's here, he seems to be a completely different person from the pompous ass he was in his earlier days.  Also he is giving Philly the great gift of a good QB  which we have needed for years.Also fuck carlson, would a "good christian" really call for the death of another human being? 11 days agoflag  reply+3lifestudentno83Carlson is a piece of garbage. Vick was wrong for what he did, but he payed his debt to society and doesn't owe jackasses like Tucker Carlson jack shit. 11 days agoflag  reply+2artemis6He asked why the president weighed in on this , WHY did he ? This is a non issue , made into a racial issue , dividing us against each other . THIS 12 year old child trapped in a mans' ( we think ) body , does not matter . Neither does his opinion , unless , of course WE make it matter . Anyway , if Vick is dead , he cannot learn anything or make reparations for his conscience . 11 days agoflag  reply+5Stever_BJon Stewart said it a long time ago: Tucker Carlson is a dick.Tucker Carlson is still a dick. 11 days agoflag  reply+5jeffreyakFuck that puppet. 11 days agoflag  reply0mr_brightsideWhat ever happened to Tucker's bow ties? 11 days agoflag  reply+3keithponderhttp://dir.salon.com/story/books/feature/2003/09/13/carlson/index.htmlIN 2003, TUCKER CARLSON TOLD SALON.COM THAT HE WAS AGAINST THE DEATH PENALTY. HERE'S THE STORY.==========================================================TITLE: "You Burn Out Fast When You Demagogue"Tucker Carlson on why he doesn't like Karen Hughes, what makes Bill O'Reilly "dangerous" and the reasons he prefers CNN to Fox.By Kerry LauermanSep 13, 2003 | As the conservative host for a high-profile political debate show, the boyish, bow-tied Tucker Carlson is someone you'd expect to have a lot of critics. What is impressive, though, is the range of people carping about him. There are angry liberals, of course, like Rep. Barney Frank, D-Mass., who, Carlson recounts, once called him "filled with hatred." But there are also conservatives, like House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, R-Texas, who complained to the New York Post that Carlson was "not a real Republican," after he assumed his "Crossfire" post -- an opinion echoed by Carlson's future co-host, the truly crotchety Bob Novak.In his new book, "Politicians, Partisans and Parasites: My Adventures in Cable News," Carlson settles a few of those scores and dishes on some of his contemporaries: Fox's Bill O'Reilly, as well as a variety of other politicians, media personalities and insiders such as the particularly pitiless CNN producer he memorably describes as "a middle-aged man with perfectly hairless arms." And he also reveals his own brush with the ultimate political scare in Washington's world of high-wire politics: A near-sex scandal that threatened to end his nascent broadcasting career. Recently, Carlson spoke to Salon by phone:Q/ What does your CNN co-host Bob Novak think about the book?A/ I haven't talked to him about it. I think he loves it. I think he said that it was the best book he read all year.Q/ Hmm. You "think" he said that.A/ I think he said that.Q/ OK ... what was it like working with him after you learned he had complained that you weren't, what, conservative enough?A/ Right. Well, I am conservative enough. I'm not a Bush defender, particularly. I defend him when his actions intersect with my beliefs, but I'm not a partisan at all. I'm not interested in parties, in fact I'm opposed to party loyalty in principle. It sort of makes me sick, actually. So in that regard, I'm not a reliable defender of the White House. But I am certainly a reliable defender of broadly defined conservative principles.I'm not particularly anti-drug, AND I'M OPPOSED TO THE DEATH PENALTY  as I am adamantly opposed to abortion. Arnold Schwarzenegger is anti-drug, pro-death penalty, pro-abortion. So I guess we're both conservatives? I don't know. All I know is I can only represent my own views, and there was this concern that I was secretly liberal.Q/ But why?A/ It was McCain.Q/ Payback for your coverage of McCain for the Weekly Standard?A/ I'm not sure it was really payback, but I liked McCain. And I would have voted for McCain for president happily, not because I agree with his politics; I never took McCain's politics seriously enough even to have strong feelings about them. I don't think McCain has very strong politics. He's interested in ideas almost as little as George W. Bush is. McCain isn't intellectual, and doesn't have a strong ideology at all. He's wound up sort of as a liberal Republican because he's mad at other Republicans, not because he's a liberal.My attraction to John McCain had nothing to do with ideas at all, I just liked McCain very much as a man, and I was never embarrassed about saying that. And I think some people on the right took that as code for liberalism or something.Q/ But partisans on both sides regard any independence as a threat, don't you think?A/ Yeah, well, I don't know if I ever rose to the level of threat, but clearly some thought that I was secretly liberal. But I've generally had an easy time. I've never felt the need to hide my beliefs, and they generally are pretty conservative.Q/ OK, but back to Bob Novak ...A/ I never heard really much about it. My life doesn't intersect with Bob's directly very often. I've only seen him in person maybe three times in the last year.Q/ You work alternating days.A/ Right. Bob's been around for a long time and I respect that. He's reported more stories than I ever will, and I respect that, too. We don't agree about everything -- I like Israel, for one thing -- but we don't need to agree on everything.Q/ What about DeLay?A/ I don't think DeLay feels the need to apologize to a member of the press. I don't believe I've ever met Tom DeLay. Honestly? I'm not sure I've ever even seen Tom DeLay in person. He's got a high voice, doesn't he?Q/ Possibly. What about your profile of George W. Bush in Talk in 1999? That had to be the most damaging profile of him yet written -- swearing like a truck driver, making fun of Karla Faye Tucker's death penalty appeals, mimicking her saying, "Don't kill me!" -- because of its high profile, and because of your access to him. Did that bring you flak from conservatives?A/ Well, it's always disconcerting when something you write is received in a way you don't expect. I have no problem hurting someone's feelings -- obviously, I work on "Crossfire" -- but when you don't expect to, it's disconcerting. As I put in the book, the day before I filed the piece my wife asked, "Aren't people going to think you're sucking up?" And that was my concern, that people would think it's a suck-up piece.Q/ And the response from team Bush?A/ It was very, very hostile. The reaction was: You betrayed us. Well, I was never there as a partisan to begin with.Then I heard that [on the campaign bus, Bush communications director] Karen Hughes accused me of lying. And so I called Karen and asked her why she was saying this, and she had this almost Orwellian rap that she laid on me about how things she'd heard -- that I watched her hear -- she in fact had never heard, and she'd never heard Bush use profanity ever. It was insane.I've obviously been lied to a lot by campaign operatives, but the striking thing about the way she lied was she knew I knew she was lying, and she did it anyway. There is no word in English that captures that. It almost crosses over from bravado into mental illness.They get carried away, consultants do, in the heat of the campaign, they're really invested in this. A lot of times they really like the candidate. That's all conventional. But on some level, you think, there's a hint of recognition that there is reality -- even if they don't recognize reality exists -- there is an objective truth. With Karen you didn't get that sense at all. A lot of people like her. A lot of people I know like her. I'm not one of them.Q/ Did you suffer from it?A/ No, I don't think I suffered for it, really. It wasn't, in the end, that big a deal. I see Bush every year at the White House Christmas Party, and he's nice enough to me.Q/ How do you place yourself with other TV conservatives? How do you feel when people mention you in the same list with, say, Sean Hannity?A/ I don't know much about Sean Hannity. I'm not offended. I don't think about my image all that much, so I'm not quite sure how I'm perceived. But I never say anything that I don't believe. If I felt the administration was right about something, I would go down swinging on behalf of that idea. And if I thought they were wrong I would say so. 11 days agoflag  reply+1JohnA  keithponder:Yeah, OK.  No arguement.  But why is it racist?  You posted the piece.  It said this was "creating a climate of hatred and racism".  How?  Dude, there is enough shit in the world that is for real racist, no need to make things up that aren't. 11 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  JohnA:http://www.thegrio.comYour perspective and approach is one sided. Try going to a website that is predominantly African American like http://www.facebook.com/theGrio/posts/181590 or www.thegrio.com and ask some of the members on that site the same question. 99% of the people on that site are enraged. Tucker Carlson's comments have always been laced with hatred and racism, even before he called for the death of Michael Vick. A lot of racist people in America feel vindicated and justified in their hatred for others not like them when they hear people like this jerk go on national television and start spewing his hatred.I've viewed at least 25 different site online today regarding this issue and everyone of them were laced with division. This incident is a first ever time in the world of news here in this country and it's an all time low in the combined worlds of politics, sports and journalism. You have never and will never hear of a Black newsman coming on to a national news station and call for the a White American. America would not allow it to happen. One of the problems with the death penalty already in this country is that the vast majority of people that are on death row and being put to death are African American. There's a huge disparity in numbers when it comes to Blacks as oppose to Whites being put to death by the penal system in this country and Tucker Carlson knows this. That's why it was so easy for him to come on National TV during the holiday season and call for the death of Michael Vick.It really doesn't get any worse than this.You may be sincere in your thoughts but you also sound extremely young and naive as well. 11 days agoflag  reply+2floydyboy  JohnA:I agree, not racist at all. This is about dogs. We should cattle prod the fucker & drown him, same as he did to those poor dogs. Eh, nevermind, karma will get him in the end. Vick is a piece of shit. 11 days agoflag  reply+1JohnA  keithponder:So what that tells me is that most African Americans view this as rasict, while the rest of us, as judging from the comments to this post, agree that it was stupid thing to say and  agree he was wrong to say it, but just because Carlson is white and Vick is black does not mean it had anything to do with race.  So my question would be, who is being racist here? 10 days agoflag  reply+2floydyboy  JohnA:If the colors were reversed we wouldn't have even heard about this 10 days agoflag  reply+1JohnA  floydyboy:I think we would have heard about it, because I do agree Mr. Carlson statement was something that he should not have said.  I just don't know why it's racial. 10 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  floydyboy:http://hotair.com/archives/2010/12/29/video-tucker-carlson-says-vick-should-haveSUCKER. Tucker Carlson recanted his comments. 10 days agoflag  reply0floydyboy  keithponder:He recanted because of racist, dog hating assholes like you who can't get over the fact that Tucker hates dog killers. 10 days agoflag  reply-2keithponder  floydyboy:I'm a dog owner. I love dogs. I have a pit terrier that's a house dog. He's got his own pillows in every room off the house, but he chooses to sleep in my bed with his mommy and his daddy. He's probably 10 pounds over weight because of the gourmet doggy treats that we feed him everyday. Sorry sucker. No hatred here.Tucker Carlson changed his mind because he's a fucking low life coward that know that he can say stupid shit whenever and SUCKERS LIKE YOU, will lap that shit up like a dog eating Alpo dog food. He's gone on to his next spoof.SUCKER ! 10 days agoflag  reply0gepma44  floydyboy:What about Big Ben? what should his punishment have been? you seem to feel strongly about crimes against dogs how about people? 10 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  gepma44:He can't answer that. He's afraid to. He's a walking contradiction. 10 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  keithponder:I would NOT advise letting Michael Vick Pet Sit! 8 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  floydyboy:In reality it was less a recanting and more a clarification of his statement. Below is his statement."I love dogs  we have three  and I think what Vick did was HORRIFYING and SHOCKINGLY CRUEL. Executed? I dont know. I do know that 19 months is a joke. People get more than that for tax evasion. He certainly shouldnt be back in the NFL with Obama rooting for him. What the president said is disgusting. Thats the story as far as Im concerned". 8 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  gepma44:What was Ben convicted of? 8 days agoflag  reply+5Billy_GoodreasonnewsUh, shouldn't they just fire him because he's Tucker Carlson? 11 days agoflag  reply+4jubalTucker Carlson is not a fucking real Christian...he is a rainy day Christian who uses the religion to further his career. He is full of crap. 11 days agoflag  reply+2keithponderhttp://articles.cnn.com/2000-06-22/politics/tucker.carlson_1_capital-punishment-...:ALLPOLITICS=========================================================Tucker Carlson: Death Penalty Deserves More Vigorous DebateGeorge W. Bush has presided over more executions than any other sitting governor. Over the past several months, this fact has become fodder for his political enemies. On one level this is a good thing. Capitol punishment is, and for more than 20 years has been, overwhelmingly popular with voters.Yet it remains a complicated and morally disturbing issue that deserves to be debated vigorously and in public. For the first time in a long time, it is. Unfortunately the level of debate has been unusually low.Few of Bush's critics have attacked capital punishment directly. Instead, most have contended that the death penalty is bad because it is poorly administered. In many jurisdictions, the argument goes, public defenders are incompetent. This may be true. But it is not a real argument against capital punishment. (It is an argument for hiring better public defenders). Having an inept attorney is not the same as being exonerated. If your lawyer was drunk in court, you may be entitled to a new trial. You are not by definition innocent.You'd never know this by listening to the latest generation of anti-death penalty activists (none of whom, tellingly, points to a single modern example of an innocent person being executed in America). This is not surprising. Politics favors clever rhetoric over principled arguments. But it is a shame, for there are a number of principled arguments against the death penalty.Over the years, many people have opposed capital punishment for religious reasons, on the grounds that killing is wrong and that forgiveness is preferable to retribution. Others have taken a fundamentally libertarian position. Allowing government to take the lives of its own citizens, they have argued, expands the power of the state to dangerous levels. Still others have contended that state-sponsored killing - and the public's inevitable, ghoulish interest in it -- would have a coarsening effect on American life. There are even those who have seemed to object to capital punishment on aesthetic grounds: The electric chair sometimes causes a prisoner's body to catch fire. Thus is ugly. Therefore the death penalty should be abolished.Agree or disagree with these positions, but all are honorable. Pretending that innocent people are routinely executed is not.On the other hand, Al Gore and his supporters don't have many options. Gore has long favored capital punishment. He is a particularly enthusiastic supporter of legalized post-viability abortions. It is a bit late for him to start giving speeches about the sanctity of all human life. So Gore is left to criticize Bush's handling of the death penalty on technical grounds. And the public is cheated out of what might have been an instructive debate.IN 2003, TUCKER CARLSON TOLD SALON.COM THAT HE WAS AGAINST THE DEATH PENALTY 11 days agoflag  reply+3panicheadAfter watching "The Girl With The Dragon Tatoo" we should send Lisbeth Salnder to shove a dildo up Carlson's ass and have her drop kick it further up this fuckheads ass. 11 days agoflag  reply+2jubal  panichead:I like that idea. 11 days agoflag  reply0artemis6  panichead:I wish she existed . 11 days agoflag  reply+2Radical_CentristThe most disturbing thing about Michael Vick is not just that he killed these poor Dogs, but the CRUEL ways in which he did it. I mean Strangulation, Electrocution, Drowning. You pick up ANY book about your average Serial Killer and you will see this is the same crap they did BEFORE they moved on to People. 11 days agoflag  reply+4Admirable  Radical_Centrist:Everything you mention is sanctioned by the U.S. Government and the majority of individual states in the United States. Waterboarding and Electrocution are what the citizens of the U.S. apparently agree with as a matter of policy related to human beings. Its only criminal if done to dogs and other household pets. 11 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  Admirable:I have "NO" problem electrocuting rightly CONVICTED Murders, Rapists, & Child Molesters. Innocent People and Animals not so much! 11 days agoflag  replyhammywill  Radical_Centrist:This comment was removed by its owner.+2jubal  Admirable:That is the ironic BS about the whole torture and cruel and unusual punishment thing. 11 days agoflag  reply+2Admirable  Radical_Centrist:A great many state executions have been carried out on innocent people. 11 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  hammywill:When I say rightly convicted I mean cases where there is no doubt reasonable or otherwise to the persons guilt. When I think of People like David Westerfield, John Couey, Alejandro Avila, Joseph P. Smith, etc there is no punishment sufficiently cruel or unusual enough for these pieces of human excrement. 11 days agoflag  replyhammywill  Admirable:This comment was removed by its owner.0Admirable  hammywill:The Innocent ExecutedBy William Kreuter"The criminal justice system can and does fail to distinguish the innocent from the guilty, and the implications for capital punishment are ghastly." -- from a discussion on the Internet in January, 1997.Justice: Denied unconditionally opposes capital punishment. Although our primary focus is to free the wrongly convicted, the death penalty is an important allied focus. As we noted in our editorial in Issue 10, one leading reason for our stance is the astonishing number -- now well over eighty and rising rapidly -- of prisoners who in the past quarter century were sentenced to death but were released from prison because of the likelihood of their innocence. A frequent rebuttal to this argument is that no innocent person has actually been executed. In this article we examine the weakness of that claim.The rebuttal is fatuous partly because of its circular logic. There is no judicial mechanism for review of guilt or pronouncement of innocence after an execution. The courts are done with it. Therefore, it should go without saying that no court has announced that an executed person was innocent, since American courts by definition do not make such findings.Here, however, we will explore some of what we believe to be at least a few dozen instances when prisoners who most likely were innocent nevertheless were executed. (Not all the prisoners with the strongest claims of innocence are mentioned in this article.) In many of these cases, evidence of innocence was available to judges or governors who could have prevented the execution.The reasons they didn't do so include maintaining a public image, pretense of fairness, and narrow-minded dedication to procedure even when a life is at stake. (The unavailability of governors' commutations as a safety valve for innocence is a whole subject in itself.) In some cases, notably Wayne Felker's, dissenting judges noted the gross miscarriage of justice, while Pedro Medina lost by just one vote in Florida's highest court the right to a hearing of evidence of his innocence. But the fact that the executions took place does not at all weaken the evidence of innocence in any of these cases.Elsewhere in this issue, we discuss the recent news of the moratorium on executions in Illinois proclaimed this past January. Governor Ryan took that action because more prisoners have left that state's death row on account of innocence than by execution. One of those released, Anthony Porter, was only two days from lethal injection when his execution was stayed. What's lost in the news about the Illinois moratorium is that had Porter been executed, he simply would have been regarded as guilty by definition and there would have been no hand-wringing over executing the innocent.An example of exactly that situation was Girvies Davis, also mentioned elsewhere in this issue. Davis was likely an innocent victim of a coerced confession who was executed in Illinois in 1995. Prior to that execution, a widespread campaign sought to publicize his innocence, yet Davis is now a forgotten prisoner never mentioned in any of the media coverage of the Illinois moratorium.Issue 10 of J:D examined Odell Barnes, Freddie Lee Wright and Philip Workman, who are all probable victims of manufactured evidence and corrupt proceedings. Barnes was executed on March 1st in Texas, and Wright's execution was on March 3rd in Alabama. Workman is scheduled to be killed April 6 in Tennessee.Among cases mentioned in previous issues of J:D is David Wayne Spence, executed by the state of Texas on April 3, 1997 despite the conclusion of the police lieutenant who supervised the case that "I do not think David Spence committed this crime." The homicide detective on the case added, "My opinion is that David Spence was innocent. Nothing from the investigation ever led us to any evidence that he was involved." One of the inmates who testified in Spence's trial, Robert Snelson, said, "We all fabricated our accounts of Spence confessing in order to try to get a break from the state on our cases."The reader should also bear in mind that many, perhaps most, of the 85-plus freed death-row prisoners surely would have been executed if the appeals rules and US Supreme Court makeup of the present day had been in effect when the state hoped to kill them. Randall Adams, the subject of the documentary The Thin Blue Line, is a well-known example of a freed prisoner who wouldn't have survived had his frame-up occurred twenty years later than it did in the mid-70s.The rest of this article can be viewed at http://www.justicedenied.org/executed.htm  William Kreuter 11 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  jubal:Do you believe that John Couey and a helpless Dog "deserve" the same treatment? 10 days agoflag  reply+2wally60i guess we will have to kill all the chicken fighters also.and what about the people that beton these things maybe cut a hand off or something.im not saying its right  to fight animalsbut how far do you take it.now as far as sports players go all are overpaid and lots of them have criminal backgrounds.the saleries of sports players shows just how screwed up america really is 11 days agoflag  reply+2jubal  wally60:What is this an Islamic country now? Geez 11 days agoflag  reply+6mpsearsLet's see what Tucker's "Christian" views are on Sarah Palin hunting for ratings. Does he actually believe she's a true hunter? Or did she kill the animal for ratings? ...oh, wait, it's all the Fox family! 11 days agoflag  reply0thetrimsmithDeath, no. Banned from organized sports, yes. Vick is a sub-par, injury prone athlete who happens to be a dog killer. What I would give to waterboard him over the dog issue though...:( 11 days agoflag  reply0keithponderSo I guess that abortion doctors should be exucuted too. 11 days agoflag  reply+12unimatrix0Tucker has always been a douche bag. However, I love the fact that he suggests executing Vick by prefacing his remark with the claim he is a Christian. It is a lovely example of Christian hypocrisy.As for Fox firing people, they should fire their whole fucking staff and show cartoons instead. 11 days agoflag  reply+3thetrimsmith  unimatrix0:Fox's online arm is ok in spots, as for their tv: Their animation is the only thing that is digestable. 11 days agoflag  reply+3BKsaysAction  unimatrix0:Wait tucker isn't a cartoon? What about that bow tie? The guy is running out of networks. 11 days agoflag  reply+2keithponder  unimatrix0:Amen to that. 11 days agoflag  reply+2jubal  unimatrix0:Indeed...his Christianity is to further his career. 11 days agoflag  reply0artemis6  unimatrix0:Good idea ! I would like to see " Naussica of the valley of the wind " , what cartoon would you replace them with ? 11 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  BKsaysAction:I suspect the average NOI member would disagree that Bow Ties are for Cartoon Characters. 11 days agoflag  reply+3afreemanIt is very hard for me to take Carlson seriously.  I like dogs too but cruelty to animals is not analogous to murdering humans.  To say nothing of the fact that most developed nations around the world don't execute anyone for any reason. 11 days agoflag  reply+5duzins  afreeman:Agreed.  While what he did was horrible, it doesn't reach the level of execution-worthy. 11 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  afreeman:I agree that killing Animals is not analogous to killing humans, but MANY times it is a precursor! 11 days agoflag  reply+2amandamandaThere is NOTHING racist about this. People are pulling things out of thin air. Michael Vick doesn't deserve anything but to get abducted by aliens and forced to grate cheese all day. 11 days agoflag  reply0remanns  amandamanda:heh +^d 11 days agoflag  reply-2amandamanda*Applause for Tucker Carlson* 11 days agoflag  reply+8BrushwithDeathToothpasteI'm all for forgiveness but he should be executed.  I guess that is called compassionate conservatism.  So Tucker thinks Vick should be executed for having dogs to fight to the death for personal profit.  How does he feel about those that orchestrated the Iraq invasion?  Are human lives worth less than dogs when it comes to his outrage?No he should not be fired.  That gets you a salary increase at Fox and that is what I have come to expect from their pundits. 11 days agoflag  reply+7kennymotown  BrushwithDeathToothpaste:Very, very well said! Tucker is worried about a dog killer, and he still does not understand we have war criminals roaming our streets and living in Ivory towers! Tucker is poser! 11 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  BrushwithDeathToothpaste:Do you not understand the Dog Fighting was the LEAST of his transgressions. I think MOST people are FAR more angry about the TORTURE and wanton SLAUGHTER of these Dogs in the MOST gruesome and vile ways. I mean this twisted phuck did things to these poor Dogs that MOST of us would not do to our worst enemy. 11 days agoflag  reply0remanns  Radical_Centrist:+^d 11 days agoflag  reply+2BrushwithDeathToothpaste  Radical_Centrist:I understand.  I also understand that Tucker doesn't seem to put the same passion into condemning the actions of the previous administration as he does in attacking this one. 10 days agoflag  reply0kodada  Radical_Centrist:Actually, that same style of torture and slaughter is sanction by gov'ts against humans, where is you're outrage for that? 8 days agoflag  reply-3Itsbatman_Durrhttp://opensourceworld.usmeh really? i mean who cares its his opinion. whats funny to me is all the 'libs' who normally say stuff like 'oh he hurt a poor animal he should be killed' are now slamming him cause like thats what they are supposed to do, right? and all the conserv who are usually 'oh its just a dumb animal we are humans so we can kill the lesser beasts cuz jeebus said so' are all defending him as a free speech issue when they would usually call someone who had that position something that rhymes with wimpy lefty bag. people have a right to an opinion, and we have a right to disagree or be shocked by others opinions. whatever. but please take a minute to use this non-event as an opportunity to examine whether you are the kind of person who gets all flame-y and visceral over an issue or position, or just because whatever 'side' you identify with kinda forces you to. and stop doing that, if you do.also, shameless plug go to my new website. lol. 11 days agoflag  reply+1littlwarrior  Itsbatman_Durr:hey flaming lib here, and just because fox said something smart for once does not mean I now oppose it. Vick should die! 11 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  littlwarrior:no silly i meant those OTHER flaming libs 11 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  Itsbatman_Durr:I gotta say this whole post is a little bit ridiculous. It just seems that because Obama wants to forgive him, and fox said Obama shouldn't then people are all OMG follow the leader. Now I support Obama but I am pissed at him for this one, not as pissed as I was about his tax compromise, but still pretty pissed. 11 days agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  littlwarrior:yeah thats the biggie of this story to me, as well, how far some people are willing to compromise their beliefs to support what they feel is their 'side' on political issues, and how brainwashed so many of us are to think that way 11 days agoflag  reply+1littlwarriorOMG i just agreed with fox news, I think i just threw up a little. And what is this about racism "His inflammatory comments are actually creating a climate of hatred and racism in America." I have not heard anyone say, I hate Vick because he is black, but I will say this I hate vick because he killed Pitt bulls. 11 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  littlwarrior:http://www.english.illinois.edu/maps/poets/m_r/randall/policedogs.jpgThe issue with White people, dogs and Black people in this country is obviously a lot older than what you are young fellow. Up until 40 years ago Southern White's and the law would sick their dogs on Blacks whenever they felt justified. A lot of Black people, till this day, are afraid of dogs. I, on the other hand, have always been a dog owner and a dog lover. That being said, I think that what Michael Vick did to those dogs was deplorable.One of the problems in this heated debate is Black people for the most part, do not have the same relationships with dogs as White people do. White people love their dogs and that's OK. THERE'S NOTHING WRONG WITH THAT.The problem is created when it appears as if the life of a dog is equal to or has greater value than the life of another human being, which is what it looks like in this story.Most people's perceptions are not based in reality. 11 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  keithponder:Can you PLEASE tell me what a racist Sheriff in Mississippi turning loose his Police Dog on a Black guy has to do with Vick shoving a Battery Cable up a Dogs ass and electrocuting him/her? 11 days agoflag  reply+1littlwarrior  keithponder:Well that is putting the past in the present and that is not healthy. I am fully aware of the history but those dogs were not the racists pigs, their masters were. Yes it does seem that European culture has a much stronger bond with their dogs then African culture, I am not saying that a dogs life is more valuable then Vick's, but he didn't kill just one dog, and he didn't just kill the dogs, he tortured them. Those animals were tortured for months and years, have you ever seen what goes on in a dog fighting ring? It is one of the most horrific things you will see. The things that those dogs go through no other living animal should go through, whether it be sentient like we humans or not. And don't think that I think its just because he is black, people of all races fight dogs, and i truly believe that the quickest solution to the problem of dog fighting is to take men like Vick regardless to the color of their skin, into the middle of the walmart parking lot because lets face it everybody goes to walmart, and put a bullet in his head in front of everyone, or better yet let one of those pit bulls he tormented for years loose on him. 10 days agoflag  replyfloydyboy  littlwarrior:This comment was removed as a violation of community guidelines.0littlwarrior  floydyboy:Dog fighters have a special place in my heart, the dark place that is really twisted. I rescued a few dogs from a dog fighting ring, nothing professional ya know, we just knew what was going on and spotted the dogs tied up outside so we took them. Those poor dogs had been through so much, two of them were just the sweetest dogs once they knew we would be good to them, but there was one that just could not be brought around. He was a beautiful dog but he was mean at all times, we eventually had to put him down, but all I really wanted to do was go back to the guy we took him from and toss him through the bedroom window. 10 days agoflag  reply0floydyboy  littlwarrior:Poor dogs, good job on gettin 'em outta there. I'd love to help ya toss that asshole. 10 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  floydyboy:We never did go after the guy himself, and he stopped putting dogs outside becuase we were stealing them, we did call the cops repeatedly finally they showed up one and never have I seen a man so bruised and battered by the cops. But the idiot kept trying to fight them saying they had no right to arrest him, that he had broken no law, as the cops were carrying out bruised and bloody dogs. He never did come back, I think the found some meth and used that as an excuse to put him away for a long time. 10 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  littlwarrior:artemis6 ,BrushwithDeathToothpaste, Jubal, kennymotown, unimatrix0, unclecharlie and many others that agree with me are not Black. They're White. Are they racist too ? Where are your comments towards them ? Are suggesting that someone sick dogs on them also, (btw that's a personal attack). You can disagree with with own and sleep at night, but when an African American disagrees with you, it becomes a war. That's what racist. Now you've got something to prove. You haven't said a damn thing to any of them. You've shown who you are.You're probably still paying rent and punching somebody's clock. littlewarrior sounds accurate because you definitely are not ready for the big leagues. I've forgotten much more than you'll ever know.Tucker Carlson shot his mouth off, but like the coward that he is, he's already recanted his comments. You lose. Now go play. 10 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  keithponder:Yes they were towards them and anyone who wishes to read that is why its a public comment if I were attacking you wouldn't I have sent you a message? See you are reading things into my words that quite simply are not there. Buts that's ok your lack of understanding is due to your severe difficulty discerning the difference between the past and the present. When you can figure out how to come and be in the present and have a conversation about the now, without dredging up the muck of the past then come and talk to me, but you really should strive to get over what has already passed, its not healthy to put so much of the past in your future. 9 days agoflag  reply+3JohnANot that I agree, I don't, but what is racist about this? 11 days agoflag  reply+2timetideHoly shit.... I agree with something on Fox news... dammit. 11 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  timetide:http://api.ning.com/files/x93vrFgcrHxG2X0xYT5XdffaNZ30HQhRCMWOhD5kBH9YYOltyBPY1u...http://bleacherreport.com/articles/556870-michael-vick-lebron-james-chuck-liddel...============================================================== Why Fox News Should Fire Tucker Carlson.Michael Vick may never be forgiven for his involvement in the dog fighting scandal that landed him in prison in 2007. To many, the rights of animals are equal to those of humans, and Vick's crime is inexcusable.But choosing to never forgive Vick is one thing. Thinking you have the authority to opine about what his punishment should have been is another thing entirely.That's exactly what Fox News' Tucker Carlson did on Tuesday night. And in classic Fox News fashion, he took it too far. You can watch the video for yourself, but the key quote to take away is that he thinks Vick "should've been executed" for killing dogs.This is not only absolutely absurd, but also completely inappropriate. Vick did the crime, and he paid the consequences. Because most of the rest of the country has moved on in the past couple months, it's obvious that he said this only for shock value.Fox News should do the right thing by terminating Carlson, thus sending a message that even they don't condone idiocy of this magnitude. 11 days agoflag  reply+3adamvelvetuI guess to me the most obnoxious part of the Michael Vick debate that seems to go on is that most of the discussion (to me) allows people to subvert real discussions of the penal system and all the countless innocents who are sent to jail or who aren't millionaires and when they finish their time have no hope of getting a job. 11 days agoflag  reply0idealistjust when you thought  fox news couldn't get anymore biased.............. 11 days agoflag  reply+3bailey78i would like to say I LOVE My A.P.B.T. they are loveing and loyale dogs that will do whatever is asked of them.  There are some that are Crazy as hell ut that goes for any breed most are raised to be good dogs then you have some YoYo's that want a mean dog and then you have dogs that are just on a chain so the owner can say Look I have a pit dog thats just sick. 11 days agoflag  reply+3oppressed1Should they shut down PETA for the same thing.same answer. 11 days agoflag  reply+3bailey78  oppressed1:Yes they should they kill more critters than they save. 11 days agoflag  reply+1timetide  oppressed1:Except PEAT gets the licenses and uses humane ways to do it, while he held their heads under water, electricuted them and so on. other than being compeltly different sure. 11 days agoflag  reply-8Aaron_Brutusi hate when White people claim that they're hatred for Mike Vick isnt racially motivated. thats BullS#!% and they know it. 11 days agoflag  reply+6oppressed1  Aaron_Brutus:You're bullshit. Some people may just take offense the the drowning and electrocution of dogs.oh and i love Vick, favorite player. 11 days agoflag  reply+4Radical_Centrist  Aaron_Brutus:Believe it or not I have no more use for a White POS who abuses Animals, Women, or Children than I do a Black one. 11 days agoflag  reply-2keithponder  Radical_Centrist:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iSf8wxEttkSome People ChangeMichael Vick is a changed man. You can change too if you want to, but if you don't believe that you need to, you probably never will. Change can be scary but change is inevitable. Look around and see for yourself. The beauty about change is that when you embrace it, you won't have time to be still pointing your dirty little fingers at other people all of the time. 11 days agoflag  reply0adamvelvetu  Aaron_Brutus:I think you might want to clarify that as 'white people who watch Fox News'. 11 days agoflag  reply+6idealist  Aaron_Brutus:yea im pretty sure it was the dog thing. 11 days agoflag  reply+3timetide  Aaron_Brutus:mine isn't. He has lost all rights to being called and treated like a human being. He doesn't "feel" any different and the only thing he regrets is getting caught. I really hope he dies before me for the sole purpose of I'll be able to send a bag of dog shit to his family. That and I can tap dance on his grave. 11 days agoflag  reply+1timetide  keithponder:keith, I agree with you on a lot of issues, but the i dea that this thing has changed is BS. 11 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  Aaron_Brutus:lol whatever makes you feel better. i dont hate him btw, he is a jerk but i could care less about him. he can run and throw (kinda) a ball. yay. but seriously your statement is the most racist thing on this thread, kind of.. or at least the most over generalizing and least thought out. i guess its cause you're black, right? 11 days agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  adamvelvetu:i think you might want to clarify that as 'i am a bonehead pot calling a blunderpuss kettle black'uh oh theres the b word again 11 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  Aaron_Brutus:You can read their minds? 11 days agoflag  reply-1keithponder  timetide:2 questions1). Do you believe that Mike Vick should have been put to death ?2) Do you believe that Tucker Carlson should be fired for calling for the death of  Mike Vick? 11 days agoflag  reply+2littlwarrior  Aaron_Brutus:wow that wasn't racist at all! 11 days agoflag  reply0adamvelvetu  Itsbatman_Durr:o, its a joke man. have some fun. racism is really just the belief in races anyway. 11 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  Itsbatman_Durr:blunderpuss? 11 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  adamvelvetu:lol i was joking too vaguely.. i get that a lot lol 11 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  idealist:Very much so. 11 days agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  timetide:wow. seek help lol you need to like take up macrame or something dude.. just relax itll all be ok i promise 11 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  bailey78:LOL idk it just kinda came to me 11 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78  Itsbatman_Durr:Ok I'll buy a six pack of it to go please :) 11 days agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  bailey78:lol 11 days agoflag  reply+2jubal  keithponder:I think he answered those questions already. He is a blood thirsty justice taker. 11 days agoflag  reply+1Radical_Centrist  keithponder:I will NEVER change my belief that "Sociopaths" should be permanently removed from society. I am not saying that everybody who fights Dogs is a Sociopath, but I believe that everybody who TORTURES Animals for sheer pleasure to some degree or another is! 10 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78To answer your question HELL YES THEY SHOULD FIRE THAT DUMB ASS!!!!!!!!!! 11 days agoflag  reply+3prodigalenigmaAdmittedly, Vick's actions were vile and despicable. No question about that. But he did his time and paid the price.When the hell is God going to come down from wherever He is and smite these loving "Christians"?? These kinds of "Christians" are all about love: that is, they love to HATE. It's going to be the Christian right that's going to bring down this country, -- if not the world -- NOT the Muslims or the Jews or any others. 11 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  prodigalenigma:I could not agree more. 11 days agoflag  reply+2jubal  prodigalenigma:No shit...I would much rather be hated by an Atheist than "loved" by a Christian. 11 days agoflag  reply+6StoneyroadSarah Palin kills an animal every other week on her TLC shows. .  The 2 shows where she didn't kill anything were the 'Kate + 8 & Dogsledding' episodes.So I gusse fox news is ok with killing anything except small children & dogs. 11 days agoflag  reply+4bailey78  Stoneyroad:But she does it for sport. Oh wait thats the same reason Michael Vick  did what he did. But she didn't kill any cute little furry animals what she killed was a well a cute little furry animal.  Hell I'm lost now :( 11 days agoflag  reply+6Radical_Centrist  Stoneyroad:I to am an avid Hunter who eats what he kills. There is a BIG difference between this and taking dogs and drowning them or electrocuting them. 11 days agoflag  reply+3bailey78  Radical_Centrist:I too love to hunt I don't get to do as much as I want but when I do I do it to put food on the table. 11 days agoflag  reply+5Stoneyroad  Radical_Centrist:don't get me wrong i'm not saying killing dogs is the same as hunting and fishing for things you will eat. . I'm just saying it's a little weird that one Fox employee wants to execute vick for killing a dog , while another Fox employee kills animals weekly while millions of viewers are watching.she even held a beating heart in her hand. that is some evil Indiana Jones shit. 11 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  Stoneyroad:OK so I'm about to defend fox, please forgive typos as I may vomit during this dictation, god i cant believe I'm about to do this. ok so here goes, it is not that he killed the dogs it is how they were killed and how they were treated when they were alive. When Sarah Palin kills something she is hunting, she is doing it for her family and yes probably for sport to, but the animal is killed quickly and cleanly. Not locked in cages taunted tortured starved and forced to fight. What hunters do and what vick did are two very different things. 11 days agoflag  reply+1Stoneyroad  bailey78:Vick should have just ate what he killed, then he would have got 2 years on TLC instead of 2 years on lock-up raw. 11 days agoflag  reply+3Stoneyroad  littlwarrior:don't vomit . . i agree with you on all points but one . .Palin killed those animals for her TV show, not for her family. She is not Ted Nugent and her kids are not eating moose meat lunchables.If the cameras were not rolling - those critters would still be walking. 11 days agoflag  reply0littlwarrior  Stoneyroad:That may be true but hey if I could legally hunt that often I would. Even if it was just because tlc was paying for it all. 11 days agoflag  reply-1bailey78  Stoneyroad:Have you ever tasted dog meat? Not the most tender meat on the market. 11 days agoflag  reply0bailey78I do not believe that the man should be executed but He sure got off lighter than he should have. Two years ain't squat for what he did. Then to be aloud to play ball again I just don't think it's right but hey if you have the money you can get away with most anything. 11 days agoflag  reply+2keithponder  bailey78:I still love you Bailey. 11 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78  keithponder:Love you to man but I just can't see getting off as easy as he did. I know I know he went to prison for two years. But most cases that I have looked at they get five or more years for just fighting the dogs. What he did and he admitted to doing it is just cruel and heartless. I must say your right he is being closely watched by all and I really hope he is not backing any more fight rings. I really and truely hope he does right but you must admit he got off on a lighter sentance than most would. 11 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  bailey78:I don't think that he got off easy. Mike Vick has to live with himself for the rest of his life. 11 days agoflag  reply+3bailey78  keithponder:This is true and he will always be known as the guy that was busted for fighting dogs and being a cruel person. 11 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  keithponder:Having to live with ones self is ONLY a punishment when you are TRULY remorseful for what you have done. Otherwise living with yourself is Just a thing. 11 days agoflag  reply+2Makavelli45The outlandish comment made by this right-wing hate spitter,only proves that foxnews hires insensitive racist jerks to their ''news program''.Should Sara Palin be hanged for shooting wolves out of a fucking helicopter, Tucker go suck a donkey dick and die...  if you agree give me a ''Hell Yea''www.facebook.com/Makavelligiga 11 days agoflag  reply+5Dejan_CroatiaExecution? is  a little to harsh. For one to make such comments especially on a news broadcast than yes i believe he should be fired!!! 11 days agoflag  reply0Radical_CentristTo the IDIOT who voted my previous comment down I am sure you are some Liberal who would have a hissyfitt if a "CHILD MOLESTER" were tied to a pickup and dragged to death but it is ok for Vick to do the same crap to INNOCENT Dogs. Give me a friggen break! 11 days agoflag  reply0remanns  Radical_Centrist:"hit n run back-stab assassin voting" is the BANE of c u r r e n t's feedback system.It SHOULDN'T be possible, but its built into the system. Still, if everyone would simply comport themselves with BALLS and CHARACTER,...... and SIGN their votes,...well,...+^d 11 days agoflag  reply+5kennymotownTucker is a twit and that Bow-tie he used to wear should be shoved down his throat! The NFL has become such a phony league over the years and I'll bet anybody the Eagles will never make it to the Super Bowl with Vick at QB. I do believe the man did his time and we should move on, and Vick is an exciting player but he is right were the NFL wants him to be. Making sure Philly doesn't move on and the bad publicity that will follow Vick will be their downfall. There is a sucker born every minute, and the NFL is counting on those who will bet the big bucks on Philly! 11 days agoflag  reply+6keithponder  kennymotown:Unfortunately I have to agree with you now based of off how people are beginning to react to his successful comeback in life and on the field.America calls herself the leader of the free world, but we always have to have a bad guy to hate and point our fingers at so we can feel better about ourselves. 11 days agoflag  reply+4kennymotown  keithponder:I know what you mean Keith, and the fact that our Correctional institutions for the most aren't correcting people, in this case it seems as if Vick has learned his lesson. I wish him  luck and can only be disheartened to what could have been! 11 days agoflag  reply+3keithponder  kennymotown:He paid the price. He lost everything. He shamed his Mother, grandmother, wife and daughter and he shamed himself. I can't think of anyone who had to walk down the "hall of shame" by himself an come out of this the way he's done. My pit terrier sleeps in my bed and my wife doesn't always like it, but she understands our bond and that she loves. I couldn't imagine someone doing to him what Mike allowed to happen to those dogs. I was angry with Michael Vick for a long time but I saw the change. I also saw the racial hatred that people showed and are still showing towards him, and that's where I draw the line. Had Michael Vick been reduced down to the life of the 9 to 5'ers, we would not be having this dialog. Tucker Carlson called him a "creepy rich over-paid football player". The only thing that he left out of that remark was "Black", and everybody with a brain knows that. He couldn't say that but he said everything else. This entire story reminds me of how the FBI, America and Major League Baseball forgave Mark McGwire for doing steroids, and LYING TO CONGRESS, and then rewarded him with a job as the batting coach for the St. Louis Cardinals but they still want to see that Barry Bonds is sent to prison for taking steroids. Did he do steroids ? Probably so. Did he lie to congress or ever fail a drug test ? No he never did. Some of us just hate seeing others who they think lesser of do far better than them in life. They can't stand it. That's the real thesis of this debate.I can never lean of the crutches of hate. 11 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  keithponder:Very well said Keith, I am a big supporter of Barry Bonds and the way the media has treated him is ridiculous! I will always believe Barry is the best baseball has ever seen, the steroid thing is all suspicion and somehow over one hundred baseball players were doing steroids at the time and the big bats saved baseball that was dying because of two strikes by the players union. The only way fans came back was because of Barry, Mark and Sammy hitting all though s home runs. The owners made big money at the time and over looked what was going on. It is totally on a par when most of the big leaguers were using uppers during the sixties and seventies. The funny thing is steroids don't give you the ability to put the bat on a 95 mile an hour fast ball, and hit maybe one good pitch you see all day. During those steroid years there was a major leaguer that had over 1,000 career at bats and only hit 1 HR while he was using, I guess he wasn't using steroids correctly? 11 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  kennymotown:dude, hopefully I get a chance to meet you one day. You've got one of the best minds on this site. 11 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  keithponder:Thanks keith, same to you and I do hope we meet someday! I think the mind thing is because I take it out every once and a while and play with it. My mind, that is! 11 days agoflag  replyhammywill  kennymotown:This comment was removed by its owner.+2adamvelvetu  kennymotown:The thing that always bugged me about the Bonds deal was that he was put up as the trophy for the 'steroids-era' as if anybody involved in baseball weren't complicit in overlooking the rampant abuse...almost like Bonds were the only one that took performance enhancers. It also overlooks the performance enhancing and unfairness inherent in the eras of sports. Were Ruth's figured inflated? Did he really have to play against the best players of the era? And so on... 11 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  hammywill:He may have well used them, your probably right. And baseball is a business at the professional level and he did help save the business. He never was a guy that cooperated with the media and most of the bad press is because some poor writer who couldn't hit a curve ball takes it out on him. Don't forget the part were Barry maybe saw two good pitches a game to hit. And being intentionally walk for the all time record in that category alone is justification for being the best there ever was. Long live Barry Bonds! A baseball GOD. 11 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  adamvelvetu:Your right about all that! 11 days agoflag  replyhammywill  kennymotown:This comment was removed by its owner.0kennymotown  hammywill:It is all about the money, but hey My Giants are winners this year! They did almost win it all with Barry one year! 11 days agoflag  replyhammywill  kennymotown:This comment was removed by its owner.+1kennymotown  hammywill:Oh, looks like we have a dodger fan voting our Giants comments down! Great Hammy, we had the best year ever. I played hardball from little league to Legion and then pitched softball for a while, been a Giants fan since 9. What a drought it has been. And now my Ducks football team in the Championship BCS game, I must be going to die soon. 11 days agoflag  reply+2keithponder  adamvelvetu:Well spoken. Ruth's figured were inflated because he never had to play against players like Josh Gibson and Satchel Paige. Ruth, to his credit, did however play and travel with some of the Negro League teams during winter baseball in the off season. He knew that segregation was wrong, and he paid for it later on. His career was cut short due to the fact that he was labeled as being insubordinate ans a malcontent..I read once where Babe Ruth called Josh Gibson the greatest hitter that he had ever seen. Gibson hit 800 home runs in the Negro Leagues. 11 days agoflag  reply+1Watchman46People call themslves Christians but they are truly missing the mark. What happened to helping your fellow man or forgiveness. It's not all about YOURSELF!. Society has taken a turn for the worst, there is a total disregard for human life. Life is precious, not to be taken lightly. 11 days agoflag  reply+2ThatCrazyLibertarianJust another Fux Newz ass clown making his network look like the crew of hacks that they truly are. 11 days agoflag  reply+4remannsThe president was pandering,.....duh. But the president is a politician,.....THEY ALL DO THAT. 11 days agoflag  reply+4Radical_Centrist  remanns:I am pretty sure you will never see Dennis Kucinich or Ron Paul calling somebody and thanking them for hiring a convicted Animal killer! 11 days agoflag  reply0remanns  Radical_Centrist:Both those guys are a cut above. No argument from me on that score.I am sure you could find some pandering in their political history,.....but my guess it would be at about 1/10 the political mean. You can like or dislike them, but they don't fuck around.as an aside - -all pandering is not THE SAME pandering.      +^d 11 days agoflag  reply-1remannsNo. Vick should have BEEN executed,.....but to late now.  The courts have done their bit; spilled milk and all that. 11 days agoflag  reply+3keithponder  remanns:maasanova  No one should be using the public airwaves to call for the death of anyone (violation of FCC rules I believe), even if it is just a ploy for ratings, but interesting that Carlson didn't call for the execution of the alleged sex offenders Ben Roethlisberger or Brett Favre. 11 days agoflag  reply+1adamvelvetu  keithponder:Well, they've been calling for Assange's head for the past few weeks so I'm pretty sure the FCC is either lax on that one or the rule is not very well stated. I can certainly see how its bad manners but to me it just points to the issue that the media believes the public embraces jumping to whatever the most extreme statement or point of view is. Most of the audience watching that show probably didn't blink when Carlson made his remark. I still grapple with the fact that this Vick thing is news. 11 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  keithponder:I have just listened to that again, to be sure. He did not call for Vic TO BE EXECUTED, but rather stated that Vic SHOULD HAVE BEEN executed. I trust you can distinguish the difference.I think Vic should have BEEN put down or put away, but I am not advocating vendetta,vigilantism, or the overturning of due process and/or the criminal justice system.And I could voice that opinion,....JUST LIKE THAT,....on television, radio, whatever,....as OPINION,.......and there would be absolutely nothing wrong with it.   It calls for nothing ILLEGAL to be DONE.Like I said "spilled milk", society fucked up and now it has to live with it. 11 days agoflag  reply+2Radical_CentristMichael Vick is a disgusting human being. The man is sorry that he got caught not for what he did. I think execution is a tad harsh, but I agree 100% with the rest of what Tucker had to say. 11 days agoflag  reply+1derkI know someone else that should acknowledge the value of an unexpressed thought ... and I don't think he should be fired any more than Williams or Sanchez should have been. 11 days agoflag  reply+1keithponder  derk:I know a few myself but none of them have crossed the line suggesting (on air) that an American citizen be put to death. 11 days agoflag  reply0keithponderhttp://www.democracynow.org/2005/1/11/cnn_fires_i_crossfire_i_tuckerCNN Fires Crossfire, Tucker Carlson Moves to MSNBChttp://www.democracynow.org/images/story/21/1421/tuckercarlson.jpgThe new president of CNN, Jonathan Klein, announced last week the network has ended its relationship with conservative commentator Tucker Carlson and will soon cancel its long-running program, Crossfire.Carlson said he had actually quit Crossfire last April and had agreed to stay on until his contract expired. He said he had a deal in place for a job as the host of a nightly talk program on rival MSNBC.Klein said "Tucker Carlson] wanted to host a prime-time show in which he would put on live guests and have spirited debate. Thats not the kind of show CNN is going to be doing."Instead, Klein said he wanted to move CNN away from what he called "head-butting debate shows," which have become the staple of much of all-news television in the prime-time hours, especially at the Fox News. Klein said "CNN is a different animal. We report the news. Fox talks about the news."Klein specifically cited the criticism that comedian Jon Stewart of The Daily Show leveled at Crossfire when he was a guest on the program during the presidential campaign. Stewart said that ranting partisan political shows on cable were "hurting America."This jerk was later fired by MSNBC for the same thing. Running his mouth. 11 days agoflag  reply+9Jake_Leonard"Now, I'm a christian... I believe fervently in second chances... But he killed dogs... He should be executed."Christians are so inconsistent and backward. If we're all sinners from birth, and every sin is considered equal within the eyes of God, then why should HE be executed? Execution is not pro-life, by the way. I detest hypocrites. 11 days agoflag  reply0ii386  Jake_Leonard:Execution is not pro-life. EXCELLENT! haha 11 days agoflag  reply+3maasanovaNo one should be using the public airwaves to call for the death of anyone (violation of FCC rules I believe), even if it is just a ploy for ratings, but interesting that Carlson didn't call for the execution of the alleged sex offenders Ben Roethlisberger or Brett Farve. 11 days agoflag  reply+2Radical_Centrist  maasanova:I tend not to take Rape allegations all that seriously when the ALLEGED victim goes to a Trial Lawyer INSTEAD of the Police and seeks $$$$ instead of justice. 11 days agoflag  reply+2keithponder  Radical_Centrist:Why not ? A rape victim going to a trail lawyer instead of the crooked police is well within her rights of making sure that justice be served. You don't have the right to tell rape victims what justice is and how they should seek it, until you're raped and become a rape victim.That's kind of a chauvinistic mindset that you've got on display for us, don't you think, and BTW, she went to the cops first. She went to the cops that night at the club, and the investigating officer called her a "drunk bitch". Ben Roethslisberger's bodyguards, (off duty Pennsylvania  State Patrolmen) told her that Ben would never do anything like that to ruin his own reputation, even though he had 2 other cases for rape that were pending at that time. The investigator quit his job after the incriminating video tape of the incident was lost and the other 2 were fired. A lot of money changed hands down here in Georgia to make this story disappear.Ben Roethlisberger is a rapist but I do not believe that he should have been executed. I believe that he should have at least been forced into a court room by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation. The state picks up the charges in scenarios like this all of the time, but people got paid off.Michael Vick wasn't afforded that kind of luxury. He was sent to a federal prison. 11 days agoflag  reply0lucidlyacting56  keithponder:I agree with you 100% 11 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  keithponder:This Woman NEVER went to the Police to file a criminal complaint of rape against Ben Roethlisberger. The State is NOT going to charge someone with rape when there is no complaining witness. There are LOTS of unethical Lawyers who will file a lawsuit HOPING the Rich guy settles out of court REGARDLESS of guilt or innocence. 11 days agoflag  reply+1Watchman46Tucker Carlson has been impersonating a news person for a long time now. MSNBC & CNN fired him for spouting off his convoluted opinions. Get rid of the bum, execute him for trying to be a news reporter. 11 days agoflag  reply-1cantucwearebrothersNo he shouldn't.The other two networks made poor decisions based on knee-jerk reactions that they shouldn't have made. 11 days agoflag  reply-1keithponder  cantucwearebrothers:So it's OK for TV newsmen to call for the death of American Citizens based on their own personal opinions (creepy rich over-paid  football player) of that individual.He's been fired twice already. 11 days agoflag  reply+3cantucwearebrothers  keithponder:Are you asking me if I agree with his opinion?  No...I don't.You're being a bit mellow dramatic on this issue.  He did not 'call for the death' of Michael Vick as you suggest....as if to rally supporters and go hunt him down for public execution.All four people on that program were voicing their thoughts and opinions, simply because I do not agree with what he said doesn't not mean that he doesn't feel that way or shouldn't voice his opinion.  His comments were in bad taste and do enough to expose him for what he truly is, but just as I don't think the other two mentioned should have been fired I don't think he should either.Doesn't mean I like him, doesn't mean I agree with him, but does mean that he is entitled to his opinion. 11 days agoflag  reply-1keithponder  cantucwearebrothers:You're being a bit mellow dramatic on this issue. He did not 'call for the death' of Michael Vick as you suggest....as if to rally supporters and go hunt him down for public execution.=============================================================No he didn't. You're right. He just went on National TV and told the entire country that He Believes that Michael Vick should have been executed.Nothing wrong with that, I guess. I wonder now just how many other red-blooded Americans feel justified in saying the same thing. His opinion has gotten him fired twice already from CNN & MSNBC. This is the last house on the block for him. Journalist and newsmen are not hired to give us their opinions on who they believe should live or be put to death. They're responsible for reporting and discussing the news.Thoughts and ideas always precipitate actions. His opinion is also a suggestion to the racist people in this country. 11 days agoflag  reply0cantucwearebrothers  keithponder:That's kind of a double edged sword you're swinging.  It's an opinion that you and I don't agree with (and I would hope the majority of the general public), but the same could be said for someone who says something that anybody disagrees with.  We shouldn't have to feel as if we're walking on egg shells and that anything we say could get us an instant pink slip. We know that at the very least his statement has created a dialog and that is a very good thing.  ...and thoughts do not always precipitate actions.  I've thought about punching my boss in the head before, but I've never (nor would I) do so. 11 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  cantucwearebrothers:I do appreciate your civil tone in this dialog however, I hardly call a statement being made on national television by a newsman wishing that someone be or should have been executed simply "walking on eggshells".Poor analogy. I'm open. Give me something better than that please. 11 days agoflag  reply0cantucwearebrothers  keithponder:My point with that comment was that people are hired to do a job and that is what their employment is based on.  If someone can be fired at the drop of a hat for something that is said then we're all fair game regardless of job performance.  Do you think there are things that Jon Stewart says that people don't jump up and down thinking he should lose his job over? 11 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  cantucwearebrothers:http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-31751_162-20026769-10391697.htmlTucker Carlson: Michael Vick Deserves to Die=======================================================CBS News must be mellow dramatic too.Political commentator Tucker Carlson, filling in for Fox News host Sean Hannity Tuesday, told a news panel that he believes Michael Vick is not only undeserving of a second chance after being convicted on dog fighting charges, but that he deserves to die.The panel had been discussing President Barack Obama's praise of the Philadelphia Eagles for giving Vick a second chance to start at quarterback. Mr. Obama has said that while he believes Vick's crimes are bad, it is important to give felons a second chance in a society that normally rejects them.In response to Obama's praise of the Eagles, Carlson said:"I'm a Christian, I've made mistakes myself, I believe fervently in second chances. But Michael Vick killed dogs, and he did in a heartless and cruel way. And I think, personally, he should've been executed for that. He wasn't, but the idea that the President of the United States would be getting behind someone who murdered dogs? Kind of beyond the pale."Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie said over the weekend that Mr. Obama called him and told him: "So many people who serve time never get a fair second chance."Lurie said Mr. Obama was "passionate about it," adding that the president said "it's never a level playing field for prisoners when they get out of jail. And he was happy that we did something on such a national stage that showed our faith in giving someone a second chance after such a major downfall."Vick served 18 months in federal prison after getting convicted in federal court on dog fighting charges. 11 days agoflag  reply0keithponder  cantucwearebrothers:Calling for someone's (an American citizen) death on National television, in my book, cannot be minimized to "the drop of the hat" or "walking on eggs shells". You're acting as if Vick is Saddam Hussein, Hugo Chavez or some political leader of a rogue third world country. Jon Stewart has never called for the death of an American citizen on National TV.That's where we separate. 11 days agoflag  reply0remanns  cantucwearebrothers:agreed +^d 11 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Watch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  16 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  43 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  45 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. oppressed1 commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  54 minutes agoHow is that hope and change thing working out for you. 2 trillion to the banks and car industry. This guy has given more to special intrest than Bush could have ever dreamed of. HE gets a pass... unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog