Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour suspended the sisters' life sentences for armed robbery. // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 84Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 30, 2010| 89 commentsMississippi Gov. Haley Barbour suspended the sisters' life sentences for armed robbery.source: http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20101230/ap_on_re_us/us_sisters_pardon_kidneyAn error occurred while setting up video display.MotherForTruth added thisJACKSON, Miss.  For 16 years, sisters Jamie and Gladys Scott have shared a life behind bars for their part in an $11 armed robbery. To share freedom, they must also share a kidney.Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour suspended the sisters' life sentences on Wednesday, but 36-year-old Gladys Scott's release is contingent on her giving a kidney to Jamie, her 38-year-old sister, who requires daily dialysis.The sisters were convicted in 1994 of leading two men into an ambush in central Mississippi the year before. Three teenagers hit each man in the head with a shotgun and took their wallets  making off with only $11, court records said.Jamie and Gladys Scott were each convicted of two counts of armed robbery and sentenced to two life sentences.http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20101230/ap_on_re_us/us_sisters_pardon_kidney groups:News, Women, Law and Justice tags:Crime,Law,Women,Justice,Haley Barbour,Armed robbery 2 more|89 comments// Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour suspended the sisters' life sentences for armed robbery.hide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+1ryanryanryanryanWhite murderers sometimes don't get Life Sentences. How much evidence does this society need to finally be convinced that People of Color are treated extremely unfairly? 9 days agoflag  reply0MotherForTruth  ryanryanryanryan:They sure are especially if you are a black male. 9 days agoflag  reply0onemaleflaDoes Miss. have the 3 strikes law?That would be the only way I could see these women getting a life sentence for assault and robbery. 10 days agoflag  reply+3Aaron_BrutusI might get voted down for this comment but. . .who cares. . .the money and innocent civilians involved must be considered when sentencing. 11 dollars and 2 people being hit on the head does not equal 2 life sentences but then again black people cannot use Plausible deniability as an excuse we already know how the justice system treats us so if we put ourselves at the mercy of the justice system thats our fault. 10 days agoflag  reply+1shatteredmenI do have to agree that I have no problem with this release and I do agree it is more likely more about MONEY than justice but I also think 16 years is enough time for this came.  Mary Winkler hardly spent that many WEEK for the premeditated murder of her husband has he slept.  And it was premeditated as she had motive, she did not want to tell him about the $17 K of hot checks she wrote so she murdered him after she made get away plans, disconnected the phone and watched him bleed to death after she "accidentally" shot him and never once thought of calling for help!Than again, she used several of a dozen FEMALE ONLY excuses to get away with murder! 10 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotownOne case of injustice down, how many more too go? Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere! 10 days agoflag  reply+1JohnA  kennymotown:Good on Haley Barbour! 10 days agoflag  reply+2JohnAThey got life sentences for stealing $11.  And they didn't even steal it.  Now they are free and one's life will be saved.  Haley saved the taxpayers money and saved a woman's life.  Good job Haley.  That's my Governor. 10 days agoflag  reply+2MotherForTruth  JohnA:Do you think your Governor would pardon two brothers who lured two women into an ambush then hit the women in the head with a shotgun and took their wallets, making off with only $11? I am sure not. I have no problem with these women release but I want to see this equal level of kindness towards men and women. 10 days agoflag  reply+1JohnA  MotherForTruth:Brothers or sisters, it's a rare circumstance.  I don't know what he would do.  Do you? 10 days agoflag  reply+1Incredulous  MotherForTruth:I  bet he would if it was saving the state money because one of them had kidney disease...I know you have a gender thing, but I think this one was more about money in the end....the state's money. 10 days agoflag  reply+1adamvelvetu  MotherForTruth:one of the rare cases where gender inequality benefits a woman... 10 days agoflag  reply+1shatteredmen  adamvelvetu:one of the rare cases where gender inequality benefits a woman???Name some that benefit men!   How about kids?   A woman can kill a man's unborn baby and never have to ask him.  I have talked to dozens of men, some of whom were suicidal because they wanted the baby that was aborted.  How about after a child is born.  Can a man walk away from ALL responsibility no questions asked and even get sympathy for doing so?  Not hardly.  He can be forced to pay for 18 or more years often even if the baby is not his!How about selective service?  Men still have to sign up for it when they are 18 or they are incense felonies and lose a lot of benefits women take for granted and often have just because they are female.  I am sure you have heard of AFFIRMATIVE ACTION that helps women but men need not apply.How about divorce and child custody.  You hear about divorce Barbie that cost $500,000 because it comes with Ken's house, boat, car and whatever else. It is only funny because it happens far too often.  And she ends up with Ken's kids while he has to pay hefty child support even if he never gets to see his kids again because mommy will not let him although he can get court order after court order.  I could go on to dozens of other female only things but I think you get the point now. 10 days agoflag  reply0adamvelvetu  shatteredmen:I mean I really don't know where to start. Our entire society is male-centric. As a white man I certainly earn more money and am generally afforded more opportunities. In everything. Our criminal justice system tends to focus more on men...just like the rest of our systems. 10 days agoflag  reply+1shatteredmen  adamvelvetu:Our criminal justice system tends to focus more on men...just like the rest of our systems and that is a PLUS for men?   Prisons are about the only thing feminist want to remain male only.  In fact, some feminist state that no woman should be sent to prison no matter what they do especially if they have kids but you are right about this statement as there are many things that are crimes for men only.  Oh pay?  There is no real pay gap.  How long have you been on the job?  How much time do you take off?   The Independent Women's Forum has shown many times that the pay gap is a myth.  These are women who show but even they are starting to realize that there may be a pay gap.  Never married women make more money in their late 30's or 40's than never married men.  I work in a hospital and I had an LPN complain about this so called pay gap.  I asked her what she would think if a new female LPN who just became an LPN came and wanted the same pay she gets.  She said it would make her angry. I asked why.  She said well she just became an LPN and I have been working here as an LPN for 15 years so it would be unfair.  BINGO....that is the very reason many women get paid less than men.   It is suppose to be equal pay for equal work but that is not always the case either.  Pro Tennis payers do not have equal work but because of the belly aching females, they now get the same pay as men but they still play 3 sets as compared to the men's 5.  Is that fair?  The feminist screams about equal pay in that case is deafening.Check out If Men Have All the Power How Come Women Make the Rules?  There are several places you can download it for free, just Google it. 10 days agoflag  reply+2adamvelvetu  shatteredmen:I agree that the pay gap is disappearing as women gain more upward mobility in the workplace but I fail to see how they are making all the rules when men still hold a majority of the positions of power. I just can't cotton to any argument where the premise is a pity party for the white man because women and people with different skin colors are starting to get a say in things. 9 days agoflag  reply0Incredulous  shatteredmen:I get the point...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh2Yxp6q2h0 9 days agoflag  reply0MotherForTruth  adamvelvetu:Are you kidding? 9 days agoflag  reply+2shatteredmenThere are several things to consider.  We are just told that two men were hit in the head with shot gun butts.  Did they have permanent brain damage? If they did this would call for a harsher sentence.  As others have asked, did they have a pattern of crime?Most important, what several here are pointing out is the FEMALE discount for crime.  Would two brothers get this treatment under the same condition?Look at most of the crimes in which women and men do together.  How often do the women testify against the men so they get a light sentence while the men go to prison for much longer time?  From what I have seen,, almost all of the time and when ever possible, they will use any and all the women who are part of the crime to testify against any man A brother and sister in Texas went on a crime spree.  The woman brought a gun and SHE shot and killed a man.   The state used her to testify against her brother and he was  executed based upon her testimony although she brought the gun and she pulled the trigger  End result, two dead MALES for the action of a woman.  I guess  she would be the poster child for the radical feminist that want to get rid of 90% of the males.  It sounds like some here would approve of her actions too. This is what many of the MRA's are complaining about, the way men are treated as expendable and women  as if  they walk on water and have halos.  Evil is not a gender problem.....it is a human problem and women are just as evil as men but they are often most subte about their evil, sort of like the kid in the playground that quietly stirs up trouble and some other kid is always getting the blame. 10 days agoflag  reply0Stoneyroad  shatteredmen:The men who were actually holding those guns were related also, they did the real "Dirt / Heavy Lifting) Why did the prosecution give plea deals to the ones holding the guns to get a harsher sentence for their accomplices ? 10 days agoflag  reply0dablaq  shatteredmen:I am real lost and I can't find rationale in your argument. 10 days agoflag  reply-4Sparky2UBleeding heart liberals think they should be let loose...why?Those two crack ho's comitted armed robery. Who cares what the dollar amount was!You do the crime you do the time, and if this is Strike 3 you do life. Can't wait for Obama to call and congradulate them on their release. 10 days agoflag  reply+1dablaq  Sparky2U:Why so much hate in your soul? Do you real have a soul at all? 10 days agoflag  reply+3chief_longhairit didn't sound to me like the sisters actually committed the robbery,, they led the unsuspecting dudes into a trap,, so I wonder how they did that? a flat tire, help lifting a couch or maybe a BJ was the bait.... seems like a lot of this story is left in the dark, but for what I read they were absolutely over sentenced,,,, ridicules........ just a few more dollars for corporate prisons 10 days agoflag  reply+1Stoneyroad2 things i found . . . .The Patrick Men who actually committed the crime, made plea deals and served several months behind bars are also asking the governor to pardon the sisters.------------------------------------To top it all off, they received less than stellar lawyering. Their attorney, Firnist Alexander, called no witnesses on their behalf. And he just happened to be disbarred two years later for "lack of diligence" in other cases, which is legal speak for "the guy excelled at sitting on his ass." 10 days agoflag  reply+2MotherForTruth  Stoneyroad:Too many bad attorneys to go around especially court appointed. Unfortunately justice only for those who can pay. 10 days agoflag  reply0atlantadentremovalhttp://www.atlantasdentremoval.comIf two brothers go to prison for a crime they both commited, get sentenced and are serving their jail time they should be released if their dental bills are too expensive for the state to pay....what a joke. 10 days agoflag  reply-2cantucwearebrothersThere are so many things at play here that I don't even know what to take issue with first.The fact that he's making the decision to lesson the burden of paying for the ill sister's care.  There have been terminally ill inmates before who've not received clemency.The article touches on the selling of organs.The ethical implications of this decision seem endless. 10 days agoflag  reply0MotherForTruth  cantucwearebrothers:Who do you think will pay for the surgery when they are released? They have no job, no health insurance. 10 days agoflag  reply+2keithponder  MotherForTruth:We don't know. Maybe family members or local church members will. I't's dangerous and reckless to assume that our tax dollars will, and what if our tax dollars did ? I don't mind at all. No one complains about the $12 billion plus in American tax dollars that go to Israel every year, even though there are less than 8 million people in that country. 10 days agoflag  reply0MotherForTruth  keithponder:I have no problem with tax dollars used to provide healthcare either in or out of prison. I do however have a problem with one justice system that forgives crimes commuted by women but not men. And media that plays on emotions to justify bias judicial system. 10 days agoflag  reply+1littlwarriorDoesn't a life sentence for armed robbery just seem a little much? Still its cool that they are getting out. 10 days agoflag  reply+3adamvelvetuI think my favorite part was that a consideration for Jamie's release was her expensive kidney care. I'm also glad they were released. That is an egregious sentence for the crime. Just funny how the cost of health care reels its head. 10 days agoflag  reply+4unimatrix0I have no sympathy for individuals willing to commit violent crimes. Armed robbery should be punished harshly. You stick a gun in someones face you should spend a long time in jail.Non-violent crimes, like drug use, or even white collar crime or other types of property crime, is different, and should entail little if any jail time.However, once you threaten to harm another, or actually harm another, than all bets are off, and you deserve to do the time. Human beings are sacred, property is not. 10 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  unimatrix0:white collar crimes destroy families. an armed robbery is an anecdote to impress your grandkids withnot always, and being tongue in cheek, but i hope you see my point 10 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  unimatrix0:You sure change your story quick when it is a Republican hopeful for President doing the pardoning.  Haley made a good decision, it saved the taxpayers money and it saved a woman's life.  I thought you progressive types believed in second chances. 10 days agoflag  reply+1dablaq  unimatrix0:With all respect, I beg to differ.We need to look in the underlying problems here. Sometimes robbery and other street crimes are the by-products on  white collar crimes. The real problems are at the top starting with bad  socio-economic policies, financial loop holes, social injustices and escalates down to the lower class people. But again, it is the lower class who are the  victims of the bad political and economic system who ends up getting harsh penalties but the source of problems always walk out free. 10 days agoflag  reply+2noxidereusa life sentence is too long for armed robbery!The one thing to keep in mind is that we are a punishment-centric society. Our very perception of punishment is perverted by this. In the context of our brutal "justice" system this punishment does not seem out of place, which is a horrible statement about how fucked we are. Sentences that long should be reserved for repeat offenders who cannot be rehabilitated and actually do pose a danger to society.The statue of liberty is being sodomized by the iron fist that rules us. It is truly a joke to believe that America is a free country.America, the land of the imprisoned:- 5% of the total world's population- 25% of the total world's prison populationWe're number one! We're number one!The number one imprisoning country on the entire planet.It is truly worth it to reflect on how easily we dehumanize our fellow human beings; how easily we are led to be this way by those who control the media outlets. Only your mind can be free. FREE IT! 10 days agoflag  reply0Sparky2U  noxidereus:Have you seen their rap sheets? How many crimes have they comitted in the past? The liberal news doesn't mention those facts, now do they.Thise two will be scammin immediately when freed. 10 days agoflag  reply0dablaq  noxidereus:I have to follow you. 10 days agoflag  reply-1Aaron_BrutusYou either go all the way in or go home. if you know your gonna face life no matter what you might as well get yourself assault rifles and take your chances at a bank. 10 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  Aaron_Brutus:exactly. thats another reason this sentence was absurd. if i am risking life anyway, why bother leaving potential witnesses? 10 days agoflag  reply+2hammywillThere is a gender discrepancy in the Justice System in the United States...but STOP mentioning that it was "only $11." There were convicted of armed robbery, does the amount they stole make a difference? 10 days agoflag  reply+4DisownCashValue  hammywill:Very true. Does it make a difference to people if a teen was murdered for only his sneakers as opposed to a teen whom is murdered during a drug deal? The real answer is that it does matter, and that people's sensibilities will always be at play. Our criminal justice system is not autonomous and therefor will always have a thinking, feeling human at the helm. In reality those women would have committed this armed robbery whether the reward was $11 or $11,000, and if the victims had resisted chances are they'd be dead now. These two will always be guilty and in no way does releasing them from prison forgive or glorify their crime. It's something they themselves; as well as family, friends, and future aquaintances/employers will never allow them to forget. But, life does call for leniancy in some cases. Whether this is a deserving case is more for us to decide. 10 days agoflag  reply+2Itsbatman_Durr  hammywill:no but life for 11 dollars sounds more shocking i guess.. but even if they got a million dollars, life is still to me a harsh sentence 10 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  DisownCashValue:the problem with the 'thinking human' at the end of the equation is too often there isnt one. with mandatory sentence guidelines, put in place to supposedly make things 'fair', judges are no longer judging but simply referees to make sure proper protocols are being followed 10 days agoflag  reply+3hammywill  Itsbatman_Durr:I agree that life is a harsh sentence. But the $11 issue is raised to mitigate what they did, which was commit armed robbery. They threatened a man's life with a gun in order to rob him. The amount is inconsequential, it is not a mitigating circumstance. They didn't rob a safeway for bread and milk because they were starving..now THAT would be a mitigating circumstance to me. But the $11 is brought in to this conversation for one purpose, to generate sympathy for the criminal.All that being said, I think a harsh sentence is appropriate for this particular case of armed robbery based on what I know, and I to be fair I don't KNOW much about the particulars of this case. But LIFE is a far too harsh a sentence in my opinion. 10 days agoflag  reply+1MotherForTruth  hammywill:Media is spinning this story for the public to feel sorry for these two women. I have never seen men freed from serving life sentence because it was only $11. 10 days agoflag  reply+2a619koGotta help a sista out? 10 days agoflag  reply+4MotherForTruthForgiveness and a second chances must be granted without gender preferences. 10 days agoflag  reply-2galwaymanIt would seem to me that the crime these two women participated in was a violent one and that they clearly knew what they were doing,and while the medical issue,and it's resolution was needed,the men who they participated in killing will never get a second chance! Why should they? if they were men this release would never have happened! Why couldn't the medical issue be resolved while they served out their full sentence? 10 days agoflag  reply+4Incredulous  galwayman:Hey Einstein, exactly where and how did you conclude that the men were murdered? The article says the women were convicted of armed robbery, and at no place in the article is murder mentioned...sounds more like two chumps thought they were headed into the weeds for some hanky panky and got a different kind of whacking than what they were looking for.  But hell, I'm terminally cynical...and the black girls got two life sentences...for an $11 armed robbery where no weapons were fired?   Oh hell no, this was Mississippi, it had nothing to do with race or gender. 10 days agoflag  reply+2shatteredmen  Incredulous:So how much do you have to get for it to be armed robbery?  $100?  $200?  How much do you have to get if you rob a bank for it to be bank robbery?Also, you are getting on someone for assuming they were murdered but here you are assuming these men wanted sex but nothing said anything about that either.  They could have told them someone was hurt and needed help too you know but it seems much like society, it has always got to be the man's fault! 10 days agoflag  reply+5adamvelvetu  shatteredmen:Well, I think you should actually be the one having to do the robbing. I don't like the 'if you were there you were just as culpable' premise. And you shouldn't be pulling a life sentence for any amount stolen.  How much time did the Enron guys get? 10 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  shatteredmen:noone is disputing it was armed robbery.. just that the sentence of life for it was harsh 10 days agoflag  reply+2MotherForTruth  Incredulous:We do not have all of the info about this case, these two violent women may have cased more harm to their victims BECAUSE they got only $11. 10 days agoflag  reply+2Incredulous  shatteredmen:damn, that is EXACTLY what I meant...it is always the man's fault.God I love it when someone reads right through all the BS to exactly what your actual point really is...Yes, I made that unforgivable assumption that two chumps probably headed into the ...wherever the hell it is they headed for sex, but holy shit, a life sentence for armed robbery and no weapons were fired?M I crooked letter crooked letter I crooked letter crooked letter I hunch back hunch back I 10 days agoflag  reply+1Incredulous  MotherForTruth:well maybe, just maybe, we should try to get at least a little more of the info before we post stories like this...otherwise you end up with nothing more than idiotic, fired from the hip comments like:"It has always got to be the man's fault"sarcasm font is stuck in On position...my apologies. 10 days agoflag  reply0MotherForTruth  Incredulous:What would you like the research on? 9 days agoflag  reply+2shatteredmenwait.. they got life for luring someone into the woods so three other teens could rob them?Do you doubt that if any of the others are male that they will not stay in prison for the full term?   Do you think that if this were two brothers that they would get out so that one could save the other's life?  Most likely, they both would stay in prison until the one died from lack of a trasnsplant.  I contend that they both got a female discount. 10 days agoflag  reply+2LinXitoW  shatteredmen:Statistics suggest that men are more often convicted and for longer sentences than women. 10 days agoflag  reply0Incredulous  LinXitoW:Statistics suggest a lot of things, INCLUDING the fact that men are more often violent than women. 10 days agoflag  reply+4shatteredmen  Incredulous:NOT the UNBIASED stats!http://pn.psychiatryonline.org/content/42/15/31.2.fullPsychiatric News August 3, 2007 Volume 42 Number 15 Page 31  American Psychiatric AssociationThese findings on intimate partner violence come from a study conducted by scientists at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). The lead investigator was Daniel Whitaker, Ph.D., a behavioral scientist and team leader at the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control (which is part of the CDC). Regarding perpetration of violence, more women than men (25 percent versus 11 percent) were responsible. In fact, 71 percent of the instigators in nonreciprocal partner violence were women. This finding surprised Whitaker and his colleagues, they admitted in their study report. As for physical injury due to intimate partner violence, it was more likely to occur when the violence was reciprocal than nonreciprocal. And while injury was more likely when violence was perpetrated by men, in relationships with reciprocal violence it was the men who were injured more often (25 percent of the time) than were women (20 percent of the time). This is important as violence perpetrated by women is often seen as not serious, Whitaker and his group stressed. Of course this will be dismissed because it did not come from a WOMAN'S SHELTER 10 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Incredulous:well to be fair that would explain the more often convicted but not the longer sentences 10 days agoflag  reply0Incredulous  shatteredmen:WHAT!  You posted some study that didn't come from a Women's Shelter?Oh hell, current has gone to the dogs.as to those injuries, you can do a lot of damage with a cast iron skillet to the head...just sayin 10 days agoflag  reply+2Incredulous  Itsbatman_Durr:must we always be fair....can't we just be assholes once in a while? 10 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  Incredulous:lol apparently i was since one of my comments got ganked 10 days agoflag  reply+1Incredulous  Itsbatman_Durr:my congratulations...although they just ganked my comment telling you that you could now consider yourself officially initiated by current, but hell, I just can't figure out which one of those community toes....err, I mean guidelines I stepped on by saying that. 9 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durrwait.. they got life for luring someone into the woods so three other teens could rob them?oh. black. Mississippi. i get it. 10 days agoflag  reply+2MotherForTruth  Itsbatman_Durr:Sisters also participated in beating two men with a shotgun and participating in robbery. 10 days agoflag  reply+1oppressed1  Itsbatman_Durr:oh. guns.armed robbery. got it 10 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  MotherForTruth:still.. life???? 10 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  oppressed1:so you feel life in prison is a fair sentence for that? i respectfully disagree, but hey differences of opinion make life interesting 10 days agoflag  reply+1MotherForTruth  Itsbatman_Durr:I agree life is harsh. American justice system is extremely harsh and unforgiving. 10 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  MotherForTruth:yeah the people that commit acts are wrong, completely.. some might blame society for creating a world where we in turn create such uncaring creatures, but they should be punished. i just feel like if i was the type of person who would do armed roibbery, and knew i faced life for it, then i would be a murderer as well to better my chances to elude 'justice'. its black humor, (no pun intended) but like katt williams said, if i raped someone and they had that penis jaws of death thing up in them,, i am going from rapist to murderer in no point no seconds. if changes things from letting the punishment fitting the crime, to making the crime fit the punishment, i fear 10 days agoflag  reply0MotherForTruth  Itsbatman_Durr:If a person would think logically before commuting the crime they would probably decide against it altogether. 10 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  MotherForTruth:perhaps, but logic and morality are two separate things 10 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  Itsbatman_Durr:And Haley Barbour, the Governor of Mississippi, pardoned them.  Get that? 10 days agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  JohnA:yup. although one would expect that at someone who was a politician with national aspirations would have a more 21st century viewpoint than the average podunk in Mississippi 10 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  Itsbatman_Durr:Speaking as an average podunk in Mississippi, you never know about our viewpoints.  We might suprise you if you give us a chance. 9 days agoflag  reply+4DogBoyIt's the fabric of our society. The embedded human male concept that because the female anatomy is of a structurally weaker design therefore needs to be protected does not take into account the human female capacity to compensate with superior deceptive intelligence. 10 days agoflag  reply+3MotherForTruth  DogBoy:Eloquent and accurate response! 10 days agoflag  reply+1MotherForTruthInteresting how this violent crime is downplayed. Women and men can be equally violent but men are not treated with compassion like women. Why? 10 days agoflag  reply+3CitizenHill  MotherForTruth:Why?I would say it is the prevailing cultural rationale here on the N. A. continent, whereas that is not so is most Asian or Arabic countries where women are treated as chattel. 10 days agoflag  reply+4MotherForTruth  CitizenHill:Judicial system in US does not treat men and women equally. Men get harsher prison sentences for the same crimes, men are incarcerated while women would get parole, and men face the charges more often then women for the same crimes. And let's not forget sex crimes and how easy it is to convict even innocent men, or the husband who will spend next 5 years in prison for simply reading his wife's e-mail when he suspected infidelity. 10 days agoflag  reply+1CitizenHill  MotherForTruth:Yes, your points are valid, and so is mine. 10 days agoflag  reply+1MotherForTruth  CitizenHill:Judicial system must be gender unbiased. 10 days agoflag  reply0CitizenHill  MotherForTruth:~  true. 10 days agoflag  reply0noxidereus  MotherForTruth:Lady justice is peeking. 10 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Watch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  16 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  43 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  45 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. oppressed1 commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  53 minutes agoHow is that hope and change thing working out for you. 2 trillion to the banks and car industry. This guy has given more to special intrest than Bush could have ever dreamed of. HE gets a pass... unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog