Monsantos Neotame molecule allowed in USDA certified organic foods // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 84Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 29, 2010| 27 commentsMonsantos Neotame molecule allowed in USDA certified organic foodssource: http://foodfreedom.wordpress.com/2010/12/22/monsantos-neotame-molecule-allowed-in-usda-certi...An error occurred while setting up video display.samantha420 added thisEveryone wants to indulge a sweet tooth at this festive time of year, without suffering the inevitable consequences of weight gain. But, be aware of the hidden (not listed on ingredient labels) dangers of Neotame sweetener in almost everything consumed by humans, and now even in feed for livestock raised for human consumption.In 1998, Monsanto applied for FDA approval for a monster molecule, based on the aspartame formula with one critical addition: 3-dimethylbutyl [listed on EPA's most hazardous chemical list]. Neotame is touted as being 13,000 times sweeter than sugar.On July 5, 2002  Monsantos Neotame molecule was approved by the US FDA over formally registered objections of the Aspartame Consumer Safety Network and others. (Long term effects on humans are unknown.) Read the full release on The Aspartame Consumer Safety Network.The food labeling requirements required for aspartame have now been dropped for Neotame, and no one is clear why this was allowed to happen. Neotame has been ruled acceptable, and without being included on the list of ingredients, for:   1. USDA Certified Organic food items.   2. Certified Kosher products with the official letter k inside the circle on labels.(con't)groups:News, Agent Orange tags:Monsanto,Organic,FDA,neotame |27 comments// Monsantos Neotame molecule allowed in USDA certified organic foodshide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0OrganicTradeIt is important for consumers to know that neotame is not allowed for use in organic products. Neotame is not included on the National List (http://ecfr.gpoaccess.gov/cgi/t/text/text-idx?c=ecfr&sid=fbc697b0474ea6a90b9...:3.1.1.9.32.7&idno=7), and is therefore not permitted for use in organic production and processing.It is also worth noting that on January 6th, the National Organic Program issued the following statement affirming that neotame is not allowed for use in organic: To clarify, it is NOT permitted in organic foods or foods labeled made with organic [specified ingredient or food group], nor is it permitted in organic livestock feed. This statement can be viewed at http://campaign.r20.constantcontact.com/render?llr=5eqfe4dab&v=001_7pdtf0Nbx... 3 days agoflag  reply+1dwb2585...can't wait for monsanto cocaine. 9 days agoflag  reply+1FairFoodFightThe writer of this piece has some explaining to do. Neither Aspartame or Neotame have been approved for USDA organic food.A simple search at the National Organic Programs petitioned substances database doesnt support her claim that aspartame has been approved for USDA organic certification:http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ams.fetchTemplateData.do?template=TemplateJ&...Meanwhile, Emily Rosen Brown, Agricultural Marketing Specialist, Standards Division at USDA (NOP), addressed this claim specifically on the COMFOOD listserv. Rosen Brown said that Neotame is definitely not permitted and that if any organic food is found to include it, a complaint to the USDA should be filed.Mary Nash Stoddard needs to explain the claim that aspartame nad Neotame have been approved for USDA organic food. 9 days agoflag  reply0JanforGoreThese monsters will infect every part of our food system if we continue to allow it. It is up to us in the coming year to get even louder with the USDA  and FDA regarding their blatant cronyism that is bringing us nothing but environmental destruction and disease. Childhood obesity that leads to other diseases like diabetes is at an all time high in the US... take a good look at the drinks and cereals your children are ingesting and in 2011, make a change. Push for local sustainable food, and stay away from the fast food chains. These companies are not going to do what is best for you as long as it is lucrative for them. Monsanto must be shut down as a start as they are a direct threat to the health of our people and planet. Awarenesss is the first step to then knowing how to avoid them. Stay away from processed foods in general, and if you are looking for a sweetener use Stevia. It really is the best one and it is natural. It costs a bit more, but hey, you can pay now, or you can pay later. I choose to pay now and say to hell with Monsanto, the FDA and their criminal collusion. 10 days agoflag  reply+1PressCoreI voted your article up, Samantha 420, as I always do. Great post.Thank you for all the newsworthy articles you've posted in 2010.You're a credit to Current.com. Keep up the good work. Am lookingforward to your contributions in 2011. Joyous New Year. 10 days agoflag  reply+2aripekangelWould you really like to see what GMO's, pesticides and toulene in skin creams and drugs do to someone.  Heres a link and it is not pretty. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2sP98LPW9YThanks Monsatan this is what you have created and changed the DNA of humans into Agrobacterium this is and I have over 30,000 families reporting poisoning from food to us. Thanks Monsatan  this is not the easiest thing to look at but thank God we got her after MDs called her DELUSIONAL. 10 days agoflag  reply+1CalgarCFuck monsatan... 10 days agoflag  reply+3s_peakSee, now they're just straight up trying to kill us. Taste that? That's organ failure and genetic disorder being passed down to your kids.What the fuck. I already spend so much time trying to dodge toxins... I don't need more. 10 days agoflag  reply+1CalgarC  s_peak:mmm... tastes like suicide... 10 days agoflag  reply+2aripekangelHey While were at it who owns 45 to 55% of our Seeds,  DuPONT,  Monsatan and two others.  DuPont is now got a product that is going to be dumped in our waste water and in our Treatment Plants.   A VERY cheap Chemical, named Chlorine Dioxide.   Now I want to know how in the hell our government is letting them get away with putting  BLEACH in my Water. It sure as hell isn't killing microbes in hospitals anymore, that's why we have such disease and pestulance running rampant in hospitals, now they want us to drink it because "its good for you."   It is not better living through chemicals nor is it better eating through chemicals, nor is it safe to consume.   While I am on this rant....Roundup made by Monsatan, injected into the seeds....of corn, cotton, rapeseed or canola andsoy,  when taken to its most basic molecular element is a Sister to Anthrax.  So then they spray these crops with ROUND em UP and kill em and it kills the weeds but not the GMO plant.  I don't care if it a brother, cousin or uncle to Anthrax, POISON IS POISON.  www.seedsofdeception.com  is a great place to go and Jeffery Smith has been fighting the food fight on all fronts. 11 days agoflag  reply+4trutunbelievable, i will no longer depend on the word organic labeling on anything coming out of the states. 11 days agoflag  reply+5floydyboyHow can this be allowed in "organic" food? I thought organic foods were supposed to be all natural, no man made chemicals. I guess nothing is safe anymore. 11 days agoflag  reply+4vicgalsounds like the sugar industry is looking for help fighting this one... 11 days agoflag  reply+2blainoI shall fast UNTIL this is ended!! 11 days agoflag  reply-5Itsbatman_Durroh come on.. i mean yeah they suck but lets not be rabble rousing. i hate when people throw terms around like 'most deadly poisons' and such hyperbole just to evoke a reaction. there is enough wrong with the world without the drama and fear mongering 11 days agoflag  reply+1s_peak  Itsbatman_Durr:It's not fear mongering. Our food was better for us before they started adding shit to it. Aspartame LITERALLY IS one of the most dangerous "food additives". It's technically neurotoxic, which, to some degree, even means that it can change the way we think. And if this is "based" on aspartame, I can only speculate...but there are many, MANY people in the world who simply just want to eat food that doesn't have inorganic and poisonous molecules in it. Is that so much to ask? Plants that haven't been fucked with? The whole point here is that organic food is supposed to be a refuge from this kind of garbage, and it's not. Just another way they're lying to us. 10 days agoflag  reply-2Itsbatman_Durr  s_peak:the fact that you 'can only speculate' is what makes it fear mongering. and yes there are those who want to eat food that isnt 'fucked with' and they still can. it isnt like someone is running around sprinkling arsenic on their morning tofu whilst they arent looking 10 days agoflag  reply+3blaino  Itsbatman_Durr:But you are missing the bigger picture. This Neotame is derived from Aspertame which is already known to be toxic, the chemical that the two have in common is recognized as toxic by the EPA and Neotame is being produced (for our consumption) by the very proud makers of Agent Orange.When you look at the situation as a whole it makes sense that this chemical sweetner WILL NOT be any better for us than Asperetame or Agent Orange. Monsanto is, after all, in the BIG Business of Making Money as long as they make their billions off of our exploited food sources they will continue to follow the same business model.I wouldn't give Monsanto as much trust as you seem to give them, they don't deserve it. 10 days agoflag  reply+2s_peak  Itsbatman_Durr:That's pretty much where you're wrong. If the label "organic" gets to the point where it doesn't mean anything (which it is)... then we can't really trust any of our food to be free from pesticides or genetic modification. It's not fear mongering because it's already been done... and I am certainly not a fear monger for telling you what's been printed in newspapers and scientific studies. Even GMO food can legally be labeled organic if it meets certain guidelines in some cases, and those guidelines are changing for the worse.It's almost exactly like they're "sprinkling arsenic" when we're not looking. Because they're telling us the food is "organic" but that still means it can be sprayed with certain pesticides (including the new one that Monsanto paid to make legal, and didn't test properly) without ever having to be labeled as such. They're going behind our backs to mass produce (As opposed to organicly produced polyculture farm-based) food in a way that makes it unhealthy, and then they're paying people off (essentially) in the FDA to ensure the laws work in their favor. They're also faking the research needed to pass a food additive with the FDA (Which is the case here). I'm no fear monger. I'm telling you how it is, and pretty much how it always has been.You took my comment out of context. I said I could only speculate as to the toxicity of that particular additive (because it was based on something already shown to be toxic)... but now I don't need to speculate, because I have this:"Even Monsanto's own pre-approval studies of neotame revealed adverse reactions. Unfortunately, Monsanto only conducted a few one-day studies in humans rather than encouraging independent researchers to obtain NIH funding to conduct long-term human studies on the effects of neotame.It is obvious to anyone who has thoroughly read the scientific literature on aspartame that 1) nearly 100% of the independent studies found problems with aspartame (Monsanto's studies never showed problems); and 2) that industry-funded studies bordered on fraudulent research (and a Grand Jury was convened because the officials wanted to pursue fraud charges). Much of industry-funded research related to other Monsanto products such as rBGH and toxic carpeting is similarly deceptive and poorly designed. In addition, a "research" organization led by one of Monsanto's close business parters was caught hiding a reaction-causing substance in beverages given to control groups in double-blind studies. (They did this for 13 years!)"They LITERALLY are trying to hide the fact that they're selling us poison for our food. Is there any other way to interpret that? Please don't call me a fear monger... call me a realist. There's a fine line. I know. 10 days agoflag  reply-1Itsbatman_Durr  s_peak:you make some excellent points and i agree with you to a degree, but they are just taking advantage then of a flaw in the system. they are simply providing and labeling as the regulations allow, and its the regs then that should change or the definitions be made less broad. but where i really disagree again is the arsenic. i mean thats just an inciteful way to phrase it i think. sure they arent looking out for our health, and probably dont care about our quality of life as long as we can spend and consume, but hey they are playing by the rules here and its the rules that need a changing imho 10 days agoflag  reply+1s_peak  Itsbatman_Durr:Yes I agree... but my entire point is that they (Monsanto) are the ones paying to have the rules rewritten... and now they're just the ones writing the laws. The very guys who are making the toxins and trying to sell them are also fighting tooth and nail to remove regulations on these chemicals so that they can sell them freely even though they KNOW they pose a health risk. Also... a Monsanto exec was recently hired by the Obama administration to head the FDA. I forgot to mention that. This'll blow your mind, Check this out:"In 1985 Monsanto purchased G.D. Searle, the chemical company that held the patent to aspartame, the active ingredient in NutraSweet. Monsanto was apparently untroubled by aspartame's clouded past, including a 1980 FDA Board of Inquiry, comprised of three independent scientists, which confirmed that it "might induce brain tumors."The FDA had actually banned aspartame based on this finding, only to have Searle Chairman Donald Rumsfeld (currently the Secretary of Defense) vow to "call in his markers," to get it approved.On January 21, 1981, the day after Ronald Reagan's inauguration, Searle re-applied to the FDA for approval to use aspartame in food sweetener, and Reagan's new FDA commissioner, Arthur Hayes Hull, Jr., appointed a 5-person Scientific Commission to review the board of inquiry's decision.It soon became clear that the panel would uphold the ban by a 3-2 decision, but Hull then installed a sixth member on the commission, and the vote became deadlocked. He then personally broke the tie in aspartame's favor. Hull later left the FDA under allegations of impropriety, served briefly as Provost at New York Medical College, and then took a position with Burston-Marsteller, the chief public relations firm for both Monsanto and GD Searle. Since that time he has never spoken publicly about aspartame. "Monsanto, and the industry itself, is rotten to the core. 10 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  s_peak:yeah they are corrupt and amoral bastards for sure, but they are paying to have it changed, that means that someone is accepting payment to change it, again a problem with the system i feel more than the company who is manipulating it. 10 days agoflag  reply+1s_peak  Itsbatman_Durr:Fair enough. Either way, it's fucked. :)The path my mind takes, basically... is that when money can dictate the law as such, there is no more democracy, and the system becomes nothing better than a system of tiered slavery... but that's just me. 10 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  s_peak:absolutely agree with you. its is survival of the richest at the expense of the rest. and one used to think well at least they wont kill us because then we cant consume their shit anymore, but now its like fuck they will just sell it to china and india after they kill us 10 days agoflag  reply0s_peak  Itsbatman_Durr:Haha! Painfully true! 10 days agoflag  reply+1artemis6AAHH ! The Bastages . Monsatan , is RIGHT ! 11 days agoflag  reply+6aripekangelThis is just great....I PROTEST I have the right as a human being to know what foods Monsatan is going to put their poisons in.  Money Talks and who give a damn about the people. 11 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!It's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  16 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  43 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  45 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. oppressed1 commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  54 minutes agoHow is that hope and change thing working out for you. 2 trillion to the banks and car industry. This guy has given more to special intrest than Bush could have ever dreamed of. HE gets a pass... unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog