Elmhurst, Illinois Wants To Make Eye Rolling Illegal // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 84Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 30, 2010| 72 commentsElmhurst, Illinois Wants To Make Eye Rolling IllegalAn error occurred while setting up video display.onemalefla added thisSo to people who pay attention to things like taxes, oppressive cops, ridiculous nanny statism,  etc Illinois stands out as a glittering example of what can go wrong when government runs amok.  In addition to that the state is legendary for its corrupt politics especially the Chicago political machine which helped give us our present Messiah-in-Chief.  According to a Huffington Post article 3 Illinois Governors have been gone to jail since the 70s, shiiiiiiiiit statistically your more likely to go to jail as a Governor than a drug dealer, murder, or rapist.  But hey at least the worst criminals are getting some jail time right?Anyway one Illinois town has looked at their messed up state and decided to double down on the crazy.  Elmhurst Illinois wants to ban eye rolling.  Yup, you heard right.  Dont believe me check it outThe idea to ban eye rolling came about after a local resident in Elmhurst was thrown out of a council meeting after rolling her eyes after hearing a local councilor talk.But because ejecting a member of the public for something as innocuous as eye rolling wasnt enough, the council has asked the City Attorney to look to create a disturbance and disorderly conduct violation that would ban eye rolling in public.The law, if implemented, could in theory make eye rolling illegal in public, although the councilors were quick to point out that they werent necessarily going to fine people of Elmhurst if they were caught in this highly contentious act.So because the council couldnt handle any ocular disrespect they want a new ordinance on the books.  They are quick to point out they wont NECESSARILY fine people.  Isnt that nice.  So if someone rolls their eyes in-front of a cop they might be nice enough to just throw some cuffs on you, and yell at you about respecting their authoritah! So you might say, Dont roll your eyes and I would tend to agree with you.  There is nothing I hate more than wise ass people rolling their eyes because they think their time is more valuable than yours, or they think your an idiot, or they are just a jerk.  But I would never advocate F-ing them with the long dick of the law.  The cops have enough reasons to charge you with disorderly conduct, read: a cop can charge you with disorderly conduct for any damn reason he wants.  I personally know someone who had their face introduced to a curb by a cop and got charged with DO, there is literally an endless supply of people who have been charged with DO for committing the most heinous offense: contempt of cop.  Dont give them another reason.While I may disagree with your eye-rolling I will fight to the death to defend your right to do so.UPDATE:THIS PASSED IN NOVEMBER !groups:News, Funny, current cult, Odd News, lindsayboo's WTF, Not The Onion 2 moretags:Law,law on the books,eyes on the books,the eyes have it |72 comments// Elmhurst, Illinois Wants To Make Eye Rolling Illegalhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+1smartalek"UPDATE:THIS PASSED IN NOVEMBER !"Ummm, actually, no.As often turns out to be the case, when internet stories fit certain preconceived narratives (cough*nanny-state!*cough) just a leeetle too conveniently, not only did no such ordinance get "passed in November," there was no such ordinance ever proposed.From the local paper, a follow-up from 8/27/10 that clarifies what actually happened, what was and was not actually proposed, and how it all turned out (I won't bore u w/ a recap; it's all right here 4 anyone who actually cares):http://www.mysuburbanlife.com/elmhurst/topstories/x1342179831/City-attorney-says... 8 days agoflag  reply0SODI love that the "writer" can't use your and you're correctly. "or they think your an idiot"... It's YOU'RE an idiot, you idiot! Learn the correct use of those words you stupid moron! 8 days agoflag  reply+2Yam_Soup-rolls eyes- 9 days agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  Yam_Soup:Assume the position.  You have the right to remain silent. 9 days agoflag  reply+1KSirysare you fucking kidding me?!?  I guess the homeless and needy are no longer in need... 9 days agoflag  reply+2PzLuvHappenizthe stupidity of our governments continues to amaze me 9 days agoflag  reply+1dudefromtherockAmericans welcome to your police state. Sucks to be you. 9 days agoflag  reply+1neocongoWould you link that above as I saw nothing about any laws passed in my googling.  A reliable source if possible. 9 days agoflag  reply0smartalek  neocongo:As u suspect, what actually happened bears very little relationship to what was written above -- such relationship as there is, is pretty close to direct, total, diametric opposition. (Funny how that happens so often.)Source:  the local paper, on 8/27/10 (of course, that makes them the LIEberal media, so the fix is clearly in -- which proves the claimed point rock solid!):http://www.mysuburbanlife.com/elmhurst/topstories/x1342179831/City-attorney-says... 8 days agoflag  reply+2jc418What a dumb law *rolls eyes* 9 days agoflag  reply+5jubalThis goes to show how idiotic some people are....especially those who blame liberals for everything...even if a liberal wasn't involved. 9 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlkHow in the world will Liberals communicate if they can't roll their eyes at someone?  It's their goto facial expression anytime someone disagrees with them. 9 days agoflag  reply0neocongo  MrMxyzptlk:Eye rolling is a side effect of we Liberals' telepathic communication.  Oh, there was a telepathic tweet hoping conservatives evolve some this new year, 9 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  neocongo:Well, if you're going to have delusions you may as well go for the really satisfying ones.... 9 days agoflag  reply+1Darnell_Whiteim rolling my eyes now reading this 9 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78Just one more law to make slaves out of us. We will soon be told when to eat an sleep who we can talk to and for how long. 9 days agoflag  reply0WolfspadeAre these Morons out of their Fucking Minds? What a complete bunch of BS. 9 days agoflag  reply0MINDHEADAre you fucking kidding me!! 9 days agoflag  reply+1oppressed1already made it illegal for my wife to do. HAvnt found a way to enforce it yet though. 9 days agoflag  reply0smartalek  oppressed1:suggest trying the Lysistrata method:  deny her any of yr manly essence til she complies.pls let us know how that works out.happy new year to all 8 days agoflag  reply+4remannseye rony . 9 days agoflag  reply+1remannsWE MUST KEEP ORDER 9 days agoflag  reply0mikem0487WASTE OF LEGISLATIVE TIME 9 days agoflag  reply+1BrushwithDeathToothpasteThe person was verbally disruptive and generally acted like an ass at the meeting.  This prompted a clarification of what is considered disruptive at a public hearing.  This story is just part of the idiot, overblown, hyperbolic, arsenal of Libertarian and Conservative blogs.  But if it makes people feel better in hating the President, then feel free to think eye rolling is illegal in Elmhurst. 10 days agoflag  reply+2CalgarCfuck rofl... too funny 10 days agoflag  reply0remanns  CalgarC:+^d 9 days agoflag  reply+1Bludolphdolphhahahaha oops lol may be illegal too! 10 days agoflag  reply+8StoneyroadIn related news. . . The Facepalm is still legal. 10 days agoflag  reply+1EdJoyProductions  Stoneyroad:How about pantomiming suicide acts? 10 days agoflag  reply+5Stoneyroad  EdJoyProductions:I'm not sure about that one,But you can be fined if you do not perform the 'jerkoff' correctly. 10 days agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  Stoneyroad:LOL, good to know as I use that one often as well. 10 days agoflag  reply0remanns  Stoneyroad:heh +^d 9 days agoflag  reply0smartalek  Stoneyroad:...for now.Rome wasn't un-built in a day. 8 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotownThat's crazy! Whats next illegal farting? 10 days agoflag  reply+6Stoneyroad  kennymotown:Whoever testifies under oath that they Smelt it, actually Delt it . And they will be charged with Perjury & Contempt of court. 10 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  Stoneyroad:Way to funny, I am laughing so hard it hurts! 10 days agoflag  reply0CalgarC  Stoneyroad:rofl... 10 days agoflag  reply+4Incredulous1 10 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  Incredulous:That's freaky! 10 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  Incredulous:stop that !     ( weirds me out ) 9 days agoflag  reply0BludolphdolphIf they make eyerolling illegal what next do you get prison time for passing gas? What about talking to yourself? Are we going to have to get social security numbers for imaginary friends? 10 days agoflag  reply+5Nephwrack(rolls eyes) 10 days agoflag  reply+4EdJoyProductions  Nephwrack:You are under arrest. 10 days agoflag  reply+1Nephwrack  EdJoyProductions:hehe 9 days agoflag  reply+1Napalm_Bombthis is...fuckin retarded...thats all i can say about this. 10 days agoflag  reply0coolplanet  Napalm_Bomb:You are SOOOO right!What offended me right away was the stupid reference to Obama as "Messiah-in-Chief."Okay so I once called Ronald Wilson Reagan the antichrist because his name is numerologically 6-6-6. But at least I had reason!It makes me sick that, with all the horrible problems we face as a planet, politicians focus on such stuid bullshit like eye-rolling. 10 days agoflag  reply+3StoneyroadWhy would a story about Eye Rolling in a town that is 93.4% white need to use so much Jive talk & refer to Obama, Corruption, Drug Dealers, Murder & Rape. "Chicago political machine gets Messiah-in-chief Obama elected"3 Illinois Governors have "BEEN GONE TO JAIL"since the 70s, "SHIIIIIIT" statistically your more likely to go to jail as a Governor than a drug dealer, murder, or rapist.and statistically you are wrong, , go into any jail in America and tell the drug dealers, murderers & rapist to step to the left and all the governors to step to the right. 10 days agoflag  reply+4ibrake4rappers13Theres crazier laws out thereWisconsin: Its against the law to feed margarine instead of real butter to prisoners. California: Its illegal to peel an orange in your hotel room. South Dakota: Dont fall asleep in a cheese factory, or you could be arrested. Garfield County, MT: Its illegal to draw funny faces on window shades. Kentucky: Anyone who comes face to face with a cow on the road, must remove their hat. Hartford, CN: Its illegal to walk across the street on your hands. Hawaii: Its illegal to put coins in your ears 10 days agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  ibrake4rappers13:Well, the Wisconsin one makes sense because it is Wisconsin.  Dairy farmers probably make all the laws.  The rest are pretty weird.  :) 10 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  ibrake4rappers13:Somehow I doubt most of those are real laws.  The fact that you can find that same exact text all over the internet without a single original source quoted almost guarantees it to be folklore. 9 days agoflag  reply0EdJoyProductions  MrMxyzptlk:http://www.dumblaws.com/ I believe Ibrake.  :D 8 days agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  EdJoyProductions:Except that right there on the first page..."Remember, many of the laws on this site have been verified, but many have been taken from sources which do not include law citations. The laws have been taken from newsgroups, websites, city governments, and visitors to the site. Keep in mind that this is an entertainment site, we wouldn't recommend using our laws as evidence in court, unless you'd like the judge to laugh you into jail! If you'd like to send in a law (remember: what you say may be published for the entertainment of others!), e-mail me."I looked at the Dumb Laws for South Dakota and I know for a fact that the Spearfish City Law that says "If three or more Indians are walking down the street together, they can be considered a war party and fired upon." has been repealed.  I work with a former city councilman and he was there the night they repealed it at least ten years ago. 8 days agoflag  reply+3pjacobs51Eye rolling . . . well, it could be something else. 10 days agoflag  reply0dablaqWaste of taxpayers' money. Does the govt have nothing important to do? 10 days agoflag  reply+1a619koHahaha! Is this a joke? Really?... 10 days agoflag  reply+2ThatCrazyLibertarianYGBSM!  And I thought that some of the blue laws in North Jersey were stupid... 10 days agoflag  reply+2StoneyroadHeadline says " wants to " but article says it pasted last month.i tried to find out if this passed in november like (onemalefla?) saysbut could only find headlines of "considering" & "May possibly"why no links?i need Links . . 10 days agoflag  reply0smartalek  Stoneyroad:"Seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you" (Matt 7:7)As u apparently suspect, the reality has little relationship to what was reported, above -- and what relationship there is, approaches direct, diametric, total opposition.  (Funny how often that happens when dealing w/ conservative memes on the 'net.  All purely coincidental, I'm sure.)If you care for the details, the local paper reported on the incident, the backstory, and the ultimate outcome, on 8/27/10:http://www.mysuburbanlife.com/elmhurst/topstories/x1342179831/City-attorney-says... 8 days agoflag  reply+2s_peakPfff. Whatever. Why not. Who cares about real problems? Fuck the oceans and the forest, let's spend our time making laws to keep those damn kids from giving me attitude all the time.My question is: WHY IS THERE SO MUCH EYE ROLLING IN THIS CITY?! 10 days agoflag  reply+2EdJoyProductionsI work for the government.  Within the first two hours of my work day, I will have violated this law so many times that I would have to go to prison for life.  :D 10 days agoflag  reply0chief_longhairmore eye rolls = more profits for corporate prisons, but really it didn't sound like time for the crime, more like another stupid law on the books in lots of little towns like walking your elephant after 5pm on thursday,,,, who elects these morons? 10 days agoflag  reply+2artemis6Mom HATED it when i did that  : ) 10 days agoflag  reply0remanns  artemis6:moms always hat that.    +^d 9 days agoflag  reply0maasanovahttp://cache1.asset-cache.net/xc/BD4498-001.jpg?v=1&c=IWSAsset&k=2&d...Ok 10 days agoflag  reply+4NumbzBut... sometimes eye rolling is an involuntary reflex to stupid. 10 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  Numbz:you have to build up a tolerance.     watch a lot of old reruns, try not to blink. 9 days agoflag  reply+1cantucwearebrothers"double down on crazy"...lol...love it. 10 days agoflag  reply+2littlwarriorWait so if I show my disrespect for government that's bad. Isn't that why they gave us the bill of rights so that it would be legal for us to show our disrespect without fear of repercussions? This law violates everything we once stood for, not that we really stand for anything other than profit these days. 10 days agoflag  reply0smartalek  littlwarrior:Funny how the very same people who called opposition to the government "treason" when the Publicans were in charge now accuse the Dem's in charge [in name only, of course; we all know who's REALLY "in charge," and it sure isn't "liberals," "progressives," whatever] of being tyrannical.However, just in case you care, I'm happy to be able to tell you that the whole story is BS.  There is no "law against eye-rolling" in Elmhurst; no such law was ever proposed.  It's just another of the infinite supply of disinformation to be found whenever the corporate powers find their political errand boys getting in over their heads.If you care to hear the truth behind the nonsense, you'll find it all here, in the local Elmhurst paper, from 8/27/10:http://www.mysuburbanlife.com/elmhurst/topstories/x1342179831/City-attorney-says...Best wishes to all for the new year. 8 days agoflag  reply+1CiiMONSTRat any point when it comes to publicly enforce at most it can be used in part as not cooperating with an investigating official.  ie. whatever.  I can say certainly most things in life need not a cop of investigation. 10 days agoflag  reply0remanns  CiiMONSTR:+^d 9 days agoflag  reply+4onemaleflasome little demigod of a council member got his/her panties in a wad and the citizens are going to have to pay to enforce this cock and bull shit. 10 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvThe Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-Dadefrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  16 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  43 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  45 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. oppressed1 commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  53 minutes agoHow is that hope and change thing working out for you. 2 trillion to the banks and car industry. This guy has given more to special intrest than Bush could have ever dreamed of. HE gets a pass... unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog