Wikipedia:Deletion review - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaWikipedia:Deletion reviewFrom Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaJump to: navigation,searchShortcuts:WP:DRVWP:DELREVFor articles deleted via proposed deletion or simple image undeletions, please post a request at Wikipedia:Requests for undeletion"WP:DELREV" redirects here. For Revision Delete, see WP:REVDEL.Administrator instructionsSkip to: Active discussions Recent discussions ArchiveDeletion discussionsDeletion todayArticles  (today, in closing)Templates  (today, in closing)Files  (today, in closing)Categories  (today, in closing)Redirects  (today, in closing)Stub typesMiscellany  (today, in closing)UndeletionDeletionreviewSpeedy deletion  (candidates)Proposed deletion  (books)Deletion logPolicy | Process | GuideAdministrator guidelinesWikipedia editors may find articles, images, or other pages that they believe should be deleted, and raise these concerns in various deletion forums. Administrators determine consensus and examine policy to determine if there is sufficient justification for their removal from Wikipedia.Deletion review (DRV) considers disputed deletions and disputed decisions made in deletion-related discussions and speedy deletions. This includes appeals to restore deleted pages and appeals to delete pages kept after a prior discussion.If a short stub was deleted for lack of content, and you wish to create a useful article on the same subject, you can be bold and do so. It is not necessary to have the original stub undeleted. If, however, the new stub is also deleted, you may list it here for a discussion. If you are proposing that an existing page be reconsidered for deletion, please place the template {{Delrev}} on that page to inform editors who may wish to join the discussion here (administrators may replace with {{TempUndelete}} where appropriate).Before posting a deletion review request, please read Wikipedia:Deletion policy and the list of perennial requests.Contents1 What is this page for?1.1 Principal purpose  challenging deletion decisions1.2 Temporary review1.3 History-only undeletion1.4 Contesting 'proposed deletions'1.5 How do I do all this?2 Instructions2.1 Commenting in a deletion review2.2 Temporary undeletion2.3 Closing reviews2.4 Steps to list a new deletion review3 Active discussions3.1 10 January 20113.1.1 Jared Lee Loughner3.2 9 January 20113.2.1 Deaths in April 19963.2.2 Joe Reid (aviator)3.3 8 January 20113.4 7 January 20113.4.1 Gynocracy3.5 6 January 20113.5.1 File:Gay_couple.jpg (closed)3.5.2 Phillip Greaves3.5.3 Family Foundation School (closed)3.6 5 January 20113.6.1 Thomas Howes (actor)3.7 4 January 20113.7.1 Gordon Brown's favourite cookie3.7.2 Reuel Marc Gerecht3.7.3 Master Navigator Software3.8 3 January 20113.8.1 Timothy Ball4 Recent discussions4.1 2 January 20114.1.1 iPad 24.1.2 Transformers: Timelines (closed)4.2 1 January 20114.3 31 December 20104.4 30 December 20104.5 29 December 20104.6 28 December 20104.7 27 December 20105 Archive[edit] What is this page for?Please consider the options below, and then follow instructions to add your request to the main part of the page.[edit] Principal purpose  challenging deletion decisionsDeletion Review is the process to be used to challenge the outcome of a deletion debate or to review a speedy deletion.Deletion Review is to be used where someone is unable to resolve the issue in discussion with the administrator (or other editor) in question. This should be attempted first  courteously invite the admin to take a second look.Deletion Review is to be used if the closer interpreted the debate incorrectly, or if the speedy deletion was done outside of the criteria established for such deletions.Deletion Review may also be used if significant new information has come to light since a deletion and the information in the deleted article would be useful to write a new article.In the most exceptional cases, posting a message to WP:AN/I may be more appropriate instead. Rapid corrective action can then be taken if the ensuing discussion makes clear it should be.This process should not be used simply because you disagree with a deletion debate's outcome for reasons previously presented but instead if you think the closer interpreted the debate incorrectly or have some significant new information pertaining to the debate that was not available on Wikipedia during the debate. Equally, this process should not be used to point out other pages that have not been deleted where your page has  each page is different and stands or falls on its own merits. This page exists to correct closure errors in the deletion process and speedy deletions, both of which may also involve reviewing content in some cases. Purely procedural errors may be substantive and result in an overturn (such as failing to tag a page for its XfD discussion) or irrelevant (such as closing 1 minute early).Listings which attack other editors, cast aspersions, or make accusations of bias, or where nominators do any of these things in the debate, may be speedily closed.The main purpose of the page is to review the outcome of deletion discussions, as described above. There are some ancillary cases where editors wish to have pages restored. These are also handled in the main part of the pageplease consider the usual reasons below and state clearly the basis for your request.[edit] Temporary reviewRequest this if you want to use the content elsewhere (such as in other articles), you suspect the article has been wrongly deleted but are unable to tell without seeing what exactly was deleted, or if the full article history is needed to complete a transwiki properly. Please state whether you would like:The article temporarily restored for all to examine during a review.The article restored to your userspace so you can work on it to attempt to address the problems that led to deletion.The source of the article emailed to you to review 'off-Wiki'.The latter two may be requested here. Only uncontroversial revisions will be restored. Content that is moved back to the encyclopedia without being improved may be subject to speedy deletion, and content held in userspace without evidence of intent to work on it may also be nominated for deletion.[edit] History-only undeletionRequest this to have the history of a deleted article restored behind a new, improved version of the article. The old, deleted revisions will sit harmlessly in the history of the page. 'History-only' undeletions can be performed without needing extended discussion on this page.[edit] Contesting 'proposed deletions'For these uncontroversially deleted articles, you can make a quick request at Wikipedia:Requests for undeletion.[edit] How do I do all this?All requests go in the main part of the page below. Please state clearly your reason for requesting undeletion. If you want to review the debate or the cause of deletion, then these ancillary options are not appropriate, and you should request a full review.Under no circumstances will revisions that are copyright violations, libelous or contain otherwise prohibited content be restored.[edit] InstructionsBefore listing a review request:discuss the matter with the deleting administrator and try to resolve it with him or her first. If you and the admin cannot work out a satisfactory solution, only then should you bring the matter before Deletion review. See #What is this page for? (above).please check that it is not on the list of perennial requests. Repeated requests every time some new, tiny snippet appears on the web have a tendency to be counter-productive. It is almost always best to play the waiting game unless you can decisively overcome the issues identified at deletion.[edit] Commenting in a deletion reviewIn the deletion review discussion, users should opt to:Endorse the original closing decision; orRelist on the relevant deletion forum (usually Articles for deletion); orList, if the page was speedy deleted outside of the established criteria and you believe it needs a full discussion at the appropriate forum to decide if it should be deleted; orOverturn the original decision and optionally an (action) per the Guide to deletion. For a keep decision, the default action associated with overturning is delete and vice versa. If an editor desires some action other than the default, they should make this clear.Remember that Deletion Review is not an opportunity to (re-)express your opinion on the content in question. It is an opportunity to correct errors in process (in the absence of significant new information), and thus the action specified should be the editor's feeling of the correct interpretation of the debate.The presentation of new information about the content should be prefaced by Relist, rather than Overturn and (action). This information can then be more fully evaluated in its proper deletion discussion forum.[edit] Temporary undeletionAdmins participating in deletion reviews are requested to routinely restore deleted pages under review and replace the content with the {{TempUndelete}} template, leaving the history for review by non-admins. However, copyright violations and violations of the policy on biographies of living persons should not be restored.[edit] Closing reviewsA nominated page should remain on deletion review for at least seven days. After seven days, an administrator will determine whether a consensus exists. If that consensus is to undelete, the admin should follow the instructions at Wikipedia:Deletion process#Wikipedia:Deletion review discussions. If the consensus was to relist, the page should be relisted at the appropriate forum. If the consensus was that the deletion was endorsed, the discussion should be closed with the consensus documented. If the administrator finds that there is no consensus in the deletion review, then in most cases this has the same effect as endorsing the decision being appealed. However, in some cases, it may be more appropriate to treat a finding of "no consensus" as equivalent to a "relist"; admins may use their discretion to determine which outcome is more appropriate. Deletion review discussions may also be extended by relisting them to the newest DRV log page, if the closing admin thinks that consensus may yet be achieved by more discussion.[edit] Steps to list a new deletion reviewIf your request is completely non-controversial (e.g., restoring an article deleted with a prod, restoring an image deleted for lack of adequate licensing information, asking that the history be emailed to you, etc), please use Wikipedia:Requests for undeletion instead.1.Before listing a review request please attempt to discuss the matter with the admin who deleted the page as this could resolve the matter more quickly. There could have been a mistake, miscommunication, or misunderstanding, and a full review may not be needed. Such discussion also gives the admin the opportunity to clarify the reasoning behind a decision. If things don't work out, please note in the DRV listing that you first tried discussing the matter with the admin who deleted the page.2.Copy this template skeleton for most pages:{{subst:drv2|page=|xfd_page=|reason=}} ~~~~Copy this template skeleton for files:{{subst:drv2|page=|xfd_page=|article=|reason=}} ~~~~3.Follow this link to today's log and paste the template skeleton at the top of the discussions (but not at the top of the page). Then fill in page with the name of the deleted page, xfd_page with the name of the deletion discussion page, and reason with the reason why the page should be undeleted. For media files, article is the name of the article where the file was used. For example:{{subst:drv2|page=File:Foo.png|xfd_page=Wikipedia:Files for deletion/2009 February 19#Foo.png|article=Foo|reason=}} ~~~~4.Inform the administrator who deleted the page by adding the following on their user talk page:{{subst:DRVNote|PAGE_NAME}} ~~~~5.Nominations to overturn and delete a page previously kept should also attach a {{subst:Delrev}} tag to the top of the page under review to inform current editors about the discussion.6.Leave notice of the deletion review at the top of the original deletion discussion. If the discussion was an AFD, use the following template: {{delrevafd|date=2011 January 10}}Click to create a log page for tomorrow (11 January 2011)[edit] Active discussions[edit] 10 January 2011[edit] Jared Lee LoughnerJared Lee Loughner (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)This AfD was only open for less than than 2 hours before it was speedy redirected. There were 12 "keep" votes and a majority of those cited WP:BLP1E as part of their reasoning. A majority of "keep" voters came in the last hour before the closing admin speedy closed this AfD, suggesting a more balanced community scrutiny was forming just before it was closed. Two editors have expressed concern to the closing admin. [1][2] This needs to run the full AfD course. --Oakshade (talk) 02:47, 10 January 2011 (UTC)Relist and give a fair opportunity to run a 7-day course. With so many different ideas, there is no grounds for a snowball close. Dew Kane (talk) 02:51, 10 January 2011 (UTC)Relist The closing admin closed in less than 3 hours as speedy redirect, while there were 12 keep comments. Not enough to keep, but enough to keep it open for more than 3 hours. 10 out of the last 14 comments were to keep. Closed way too soon.--Jojhutton (talk) 02:53, 10 January 2011 (UTC)Note This doesn't need to be DRV'ed. Feel free to revert me and re-open / re-list it if you believe that it was not obvious that consensus was going to be that it would be redirected. --slakr\talk/ 03:00, 10 January 2011 (UTC)I should note that I'd do it myself, but I simply do not feel comfortable restoring what appears to me to be a BLP violation by its existence. --slakr\talk/ 03:04, 10 January 2011 (UTC)+1 keep, Sirhan Sirhan-blp Preceding unsigned comment added by 68.226.108.176 (talk) 03:18, 10 January 2011 (UTC)Relist, it is going to be needed. Prodego talk 03:34, 10 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] 9 January 2011[edit] Deaths in April 1996Deaths in April 1996 (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)No indication that the author requests deletion. --75.47.131.114 (talk) 07:53, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Firstly you haven't raised this with the deleting admin, as you are meant to do before listing here. The article at that title had been almost entirely written by IPs within the range 75.47.XX.XX (75.47.131.123, 75.47.146.61, 75.47.146.162, 75.47.140.124, 75.47.139.224, 75.47.154.104, 75.47.144.144, 75.47.154.185, 75.47.139.48) and subsequently 75.47.128.4 added a {{db-author}} tag, which is certainly an indicator that the author requests deletion. Hut 8.5 14:26, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Speedy restore. It hardly matters whether or not it was the author. We have quite a number of these pages, there is considerable content already, and someone else may want to work on it. Given that the copyright permission is not revocable, if anyone in the community thinks something useful , an author request for deletion is irrelevant. These requests are very common, but they are almost always for articles started, but realized by the author to be unsatisfactory, or that they will never get much beyond the title, or lose interest & it is clear nobody else will care in the slightest. Now, whether or not the ip counts as a regular member of the community, I myself would like to work on it. DGG ( talk ) 23:49, 9 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] Joe Reid (aviator)Joe Reid (aviator) (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)Redirects are not eligible for A7. Deletion can be argued at Wikipedia:Redirects for discussion. --75.47.131.114 (talk) 07:47, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Pretty clearly not an A7 candidate, but given how obvious that is, could you first contact the closing admin and ask them to fix it before coming here (per directions for DrV above...). I strongly suspect this will be fixed ASAP if you do so. If you already did and I missed it, could you link to the discussion? Thanks. Hobit (talk) 15:48, 9 January 2011 (UTC)FWIW I declined a bunch of speedies on similar redirects: [3] [4]. Seems to be one of those unfortunate but unavoiable occasions of two admins doing different things without knowing what the other is doing. I'd maintain declining the speedies was the correct course: A7 applies only to articles. On WP:CSD, the heading to the A category wikilinks to Wikipedia:What is an article?, which says redirects are not articles. Redirects have their own CSD criteria (R) and are also subject to the general criteria (G). --Mkativerata (talk) 22:27, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Relist at RfD It should be discussed there. Dew Kane (talk) 02:52, 10 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] 8 January 2011[edit] 7 January 2011[edit] Gynocracy(formerly Women's superiority)Gynocracy (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)Women's superiority (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)I request we overturn, i.e., reverse the deletion. The rationale for deletion was erroneous. What the debate showed was evolution of the article to address concerns. This was taking time because of conflicts among editors other than myself: a desire for a clearer scoping required a more explicit lede but that was considered synthesis by other editors. But that could likely have been resolved if people suggested appropriate lede language or if I continued developing the lede and posted it, as I was already doing.When the nominator accused me of misrepresenting her pre-AfD advice, that struck at the article's core credibility, too, so I copied her pre-AfD texts into the AfD page and refuted with quotes and particulars, raising new points. The closing admin edit-summarized with TLDR and deleted the article. TLDR meant misinterpreting the debate.Votes were 51 for deleting and 1 to split and move plus my vote to keep. The core issue was whether the article's topical range was too disparate for one article. A solution offered was that I get a source(s) that tie all the other major secondary sources together. (I searched for such secondary-secondary sources, did not find one, and will be glad to add it if one turns up.) I don't think there was consensus to require secondary sourcing of secondary sources.I proposed dividing the article into new articles on narrower subjects, one narrow subject per article, but that was rejected.None of the standard reasons for deletion were present.Opposition because the article's topic is controversialwhich it definitely iswas, I thought, being resolved toward keeping with respect to that ground. I thought it had been.Another editor and I apparently agreed on a renaming, I notified and renamed with an admin's help, and I re-edited the lede, but the closer did not comment on any of that. The closer's rationale was simply "a rough consensus ... for the reasons identified by the other participants". The deletion stopped the progress in editing to achieve consensus.A couple of us were negotiating to resolve what would help, and I was editing. Most editors did not respond.When an editor is accused, applying TLDR turns an erroneous accusation unanswerable, thus rendering a charge always right and a reply always wrong.I asked the closer to reconsider and undelete or tell me about his concerns but he said simply that "[t]he deletion ... was based on the result of the discussion." Since some of the opposition was on invalid grounds for deletion (such as notability in the face of numerous third-party sources) and the closer declined to read and take into consideration the article creator's (my) last response, which answered a key accusation, the closer's decision was incorrectly interpretive of the debate.I would like discussion to continue with a view to adding content of the sort editors are saying is absent. Keeping content open to sunlight is the better solution. I have been answering critiques on this article and elsewhere and looking for workable compromises. I would like to continue that practice, as it strengthens readers' ability to find literature backing up topics.I request undeletion.If that's not feasible, I request userfying the article, its talk page, and (if possible) both histories, so other editors can add sources. I can work alone, but I don't want to exclude other editors who have something to contribute, and some do.Thank you. Nick Levinson (talk) 08:50, 7 January 2011 (UTC) (Corrected a link: 09:02, 7 January 2011 (UTC)) (Clarified the section title (but not the DRV template, not knowing how) to show the deleted article's old title: 09:12, 7 January 2011 (UTC)) (Copied the DRV template and edited it as a possible solution: 09:20, 7 January 2011 (UTC)) (Corrected formatting of the subsubsection title by moving the addition to the next line, to ensure compatibility with an expected automatically-generated link: 09:31, 7 January 2011 (UTC))Endorse, closure was in line with consensus. Deletion review is not a place to raise a disagreement about a deletion debate outcome for reasons previously presented (or in more colloquial terms, DRV is not AFD round 2). Stifle (talk) 13:37, 7 January 2011 (UTC)With my deletion reviewer hat on, I would agree with Stifle, but I would like to raise two additional points:- First, from a content editor's viewpoint rather than a deletion reviewer's, this title should surely at minimum be a redirect to matriarchy; and second, I would applaud the nominator's courteous request on the closer's talk page, and deplore the response he received. I would have hoped for an attempt at good faith reasoned discussion there.S Marshall T/C 16:37, 7 January 2011 (UTC)I explained that the close was not based on my own opinion of the article, but rather my interpretation of what the consensus of the debate was. I'd like to know what is deplorable about that, since that is what closers are supposed to do and I did not wish to re-run the AFD on my talk page. I kept my remarks brief and to the point but I was not rude. I would like to specifically state here that although I mentioned TLDR in an edit summary [5] when adding the {{closing}} tag, I read every last word that was present on the page at that time. I was halfway through reading it when I realized it was so long that another admin and I might unwittingly be working on a close at the same time. Beeblebrox (talk) 21:22, 7 January 2011 (UTC)No, you weren't rude, but what I see on your talk page is a courteous request that you explain the reasons for your decision, which you did not provide. I then see a courteous request that you reconsider, which you refused without explanation. A pointer to the discussion isn't an explanation of why that discussion led to that result, you see.S Marshall T/C 21:56, 7 January 2011 (UTC)It seemed clear to me, as it apparently does to you as well, that the consensus of the debate was to delete the article. I anticipated but ultimately rejected the notion that a long-winded debate requires a similarly long-winded rationale from the closer. I could have explained it at length, but it would have been me trying to find a fancy way to say that the arguments to delete were more valid under our policies than the arguments to keep. I always add a detailed rationale if it took a lot of interpreting on my part to come to a decision. It took a lot of reading to close this debate, but actually determining what the consensus was once I had done all the reading was easy. This request you refer to asked me to explain what I thought was wrong with the article, why I felt it should be deleted. Courteous, yes, but wrong-headed. As you know, that's not how it works, and hence my reply indicating as much. As I said, I did not wish to re-run the AFD on my talk page, and I feel like that is what I was being asked to do. That's not what my talk page or DRV is for. I also reject the notion that the recent changes to the article were helping move the debate towards a "keep" result. That is not reflected in the content of the debate, or i would have relisted it. Beeblebrox (talk) 22:14, 7 January 2011 (UTC)What I'm getting at with this is FairProcess. In other words, it's not enough that we do the right thing: we must be seen to do the right thing. The nominator here has heard that the consensus was "delete", but he hasn't heard why a close reading of that debate leads to a "delete" outcome, and we can see that it's not obvious to him. As a good faith user he has a right to an explanation. I'll try to provide one below.Reasons put forward to delete are "notability" (Jacque Hammer's argument), "synthesis" (Edison's argument supported by PhilBridger) and "original research" (Wickedjacob's argument).The notability challenge fails straight off the bat, because there are sources about the concept, even if a google search for "women's superiority" didn't turn up much. The synthesis and original research challenges, however, are substantial. Nick Levinson and Biophys make creditable attempts to address them, but their efforts don't convince subsequent debate participants (hence it's right to say the consensus was "delete") and the fact remains that they have used disparate sources to form an article which doesn't quite reach the same conclusions that the sources do (hence the weight of the argument also belongs with the WP:SYN side.)I want to emphasize that while the part of my mind that's in deletion review mode thinks "endorse" is right based on the debate, the content writer part of my mind thinks that there's a lot of this material that's solid, academically-supported stuff that belongs on Wikipedia in some form. I also think our current combination of matriarchy, history of feminism, feminist history and women's historywhile the articles are individually okayform a confusing mess when taken together, and they ought to employ some of the sources Nick Levinson wanted to use in gynocracy. Speaking as an editor rather than a deletion reviewer, I think our present coverage of the concept would ideally be rationalised and enhanced from Nick Levinson's work.S Marshall T/C 23:43, 7 January 2011 (UTC)(Later) I ought to have added that Nick Levinson's request for userfication is reasonable and in my opinion should be granted. Sorry for forgetting that.S Marshall T/C 23:45, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse- I think there wasn't anything wrong with Beeblebrox's reading of the debate. Reyk YO! 23:14, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse Agree with S Marshall pretty much across the board and especially about userfication. Hobit (talk) 05:27, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Comment: On whether "recent changes to the article were helping move the debate towards a "keep" result .... [per] the content of the debate", I based my sense of that on at least two parts of the AfD debate:Editor Kaldari wrote, "Merge 1st half with Separatist feminism, merge 2nd half with Matriarchy. Sound reasonable?" (Dec. 30, 9:30p UTC, debolded.) We intensely debated that and then s/he wrote, "If you want to have an article about Women's sovereignty or Gynocracy, that sounds like a reasonable idea to me." (Jan. 1, 8:48p UTC.) S/he retained some concerns such as about the lede, but not in contradiction to their statement, and I was rewriting the lede to address the issues, so, subject to their consideration of my subsequent edits, I thought we were moving toward consensus on that point. To keep the process transparent, I said so, when I wrote, "Maybe we have a solution, then. I'll move the whole thing to Gynocracy soon, absent an interim objection." and "I'll wait a bit to see if there's comment on Gynocracy as a new title, before implementing a move. Thanks." (both Jan. 2, 2:38a UTC) and "Thank you for the research. It looks like Gynocracy is probably the title, then." (2:52a UTC). No one objected and an admin did the renaming.The other was that editor Phil Bridger wrote, "the article itself doesn't explain what its scope is intended to be" and "[u]nless we get a clear explanation of what information this article is supposed to provide to the reader in addition to any of our other articles about feminism then this has to be a delete" (Dec. 27, 10:15p UTC, debolded). In response, I edited the lede, said so, and didn't hear back.I hope I didn't misunderstand. I assumed that a debate meant a back-and-forth, so that responding with new ways of getting to consensus and not hearing back meant at least an abstaining on point.Question: If the problem is boiling down to synthesis because of disparateness, would it be acceptable to divide the article into separate articles? I can do that with userfication. If dividing is a bad idea, may I ask why or is there a policy or guideline I can read that's against dividing?Thank you very much. Nick Levinson (talk) 06:38, 8 January 2011 (UTC)There isn't a rule against splitting an article into smaller articles, providing each individual article is encyclopaedic. Like Kaldari, I think that some of what you wrote belongs within existing articles, and I don't think it's necessary to start a large number of new ones.S Marshall T/C 10:08, 8 January 2011 (UTC)It would be several, not a large number, but if they're too many concepts for one article, I wonder if they'd all be accepted into the existing matriarchy article. None of them are about separatist feminism, so none would fit there. The other proposal was to add them to articles about particular books or particular authors, one each, but many WP articles are topical and that would be lost. Is putting them all within the Matriarchy article, with an explanation of how they're not strictly matriarchal, acceptable? Nick Levinson (talk) 18:15, 8 January 2011 (UTC)That question really belongs on Talk:Matriarchy, perhaps with a pointer from Wikipedia talk:WikiProject Gender Studies. (Deletion review isn't really the best place to settle detailed questions of editorial judgmentyour questions are better answered by editors interested in feminism than by deletion reviewers.) My personal opinion is that I'd suggest using your sources to build gynocentrism from its present sorry state into an intelligible treatment of the subject, and then seeing what's left.S Marshall T/C 20:08, 8 January 2011 (UTC)I thought I'd be accused of doing an end-run around deletion if I put that much of the deleted content into one other article, so I asked here. I have also recently posted to the talk pages of matriarchy, separatist feminism, and the WikiProjects for feminism and gender studies (the last one on your suggestion). The Gynocentrism stub would require a lot more content (and a lot more research for sources) plus what was deleted of mine, as gynocentrism includes, for example, gynocentrrism within academia, science, macroeconomics, thealogy, and so on, and that would probably exceed the length limit on articles, bringing us back to creating subarticles, coming back to the deletion of Gynocracy. It helps to understand how editors who try to pare unwanted articles from Wikipedia would respond to these alternatives. Nick Levinson (talk) 21:30, 8 January 2011 (UTC)* Userfication, please? While the DRV is pending, if an admin could please userfy the Gynocracy article, Talk:Gynocracy, and the two histories, that would ease discussion for the matriarchy and separatist feminism pages. We've already begun dialogues, and an editor there had not seen this article. Userfying would save me hours of reconstruction and I don't have enough information with which to reconstruct histories myself. And if a timely response to anything is needed here, userfying would speed that up, too. Thank you. Nick Levinson (talk) 13:28, 9 January 2011 (UTC) (Repunctuated: 13:38, 9 January 2011 (UTC))[edit] 6 January 2011[edit] File:Gay_couple.jpg (closed)File:Gay_couple.jpg  This was deleted at commons and must be challenged there  Ron Ritzman (talk) 03:17, 7 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.File:Gay_couple.jpg (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (article|XfD|restore)I don't understand the reason for this speedy deletion, which was made at 03:36 20 Jul 2010. The reason reads: "Living persons global foundation policy violation: No evidence that the two are gay." At the time I was a new user, but have done some research since then and can't find a policy violation mandating this deletion. Last night I posted a note on the admin's (Nuclear Warfare) talk page, but when I checked today for a reply I found that Nuclear Warfare has opened a doppelganger account and I can't find the original talk page. On Nuclear Warfare's current talk page, there's a post requesting that reconsideration requests for his actions as an admin be posted to the noticeboard. I'm requesting that this file be undeleted and restored to the many articles in which it appeared. Wi2g 19:52, 6 January 2011 (UTC)OK, I'm confused. I'm not seeing a deleted image, or talk on NW's talk page or anything. Help? Hobit (talk) 00:41, 7 January 2011 (UTC)So am I. I just went through all of NW's admin actions for that date and I can't find any deletions that even come close to a file with this name. --Ron Ritzman (talk) 03:10, 7 January 2011 (UTC)For future reference: commons:File:Gay couple.jpg and commons:User talk:NuclearWarfare#Gay couple.jpg. NW (Talk) 03:43, 7 January 2011 (UTC)The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.[edit] Phillip GreavesPhillip Greaves (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)The consensus in this AfD was very clearly, beyond a reasonable doubt, to keep. It was first listed for one week, in which everyone who commented said keep. The first closing admin, rather than closing it as keep, decided to relist it. After the relist, there were two additional keeps, and not a single pure delete. There was one redirect, and another "delete, merge, or redirect" who still somewhat favored keeping the content. The final closing admin proceeded to act like a lawyer and also attacked the very statements that everyone gave during the entire discussion.The close decision appears to be, at best, the closing admin's own opinion rather than adherence to the guidelines for closing an AfD, which are supposed to be based on consensus. There was obviously no consensus to delete. Shaliya waya (talk) 00:53, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse. I relisted it the first time because pretty much all of the keep arguments are...questionable at best. The closer is supposed to weigh arguments, not count noses, and he appropriately attached great weight to Bigtimepeace's spot-on analysis. In short, this is well within the closer's discretion, which is at its maximum in a borderline BLP case. T. Canens (talk) 02:05, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Disagree The job of an administrator is do to certain technical things that most editors cannot do. Administrators do not have the authority to unilaterally declare an article a problematic BLP case when the consensus says otherwise. Shaliya waya (talk) 02:26, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Perhaps you would like to read Wikipedia:Deletion guidelines for administrators#Rough consensus? NW (Talk) 05:28, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse (note: I opened the AFD) The reason initially cited for deletion was WP:BLP1E. Aaron correctly noted that none of the keep votes properly addressed that rationale and weighed those votes accordingly. That is the role of a closing administrator and I see nothing to see that was not followed properly. NW (Talk) 05:28, 6 January 2011 (UTC)I don't understand why the closing administrator decided to delete instead of redirect. Could anyone provide an explanation? --Bsherr (talk) 05:33, 6 January 2011 (UTC)I don't understand it either, and I think "redirect" was the best reading of the consensus there.S Marshall T/C 08:26, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Surely nothing prevents anyone from creating an appropriate redirect? I assume it's largely due to the difference in opinion about the redirect target. T. Canens (talk) 09:58, 6 January 2011 (UTC)But we've deleted the history, and I'm not thrilled about that from an attribution point of view.S Marshall T/C 12:07, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Redirects need no attribution... T. Canens (talk) 12:19, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Nope, creating a redirect when the deletion process concluded as delete and not redirect can be construed as disruptive. --Bsherr (talk) 18:09, 6 January 2011 (UTC)According to...? I know I certainly would not find that disruptive in most cases. T. Canens (talk) 18:20, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Yes, but Tim, you're a conscientious person who assumes good faith. There are plenty of users who believe that keep means not just the opposite of delete, but no move, no redirect, no expanding or contracting, no merging, etc. Likewise with delete. Heck, I recently got a vandalism warning (me!) over something like this. (Obviously it's not vandalism, but disruptive? Well, maybe I was, in some people's eyes.) The place to decide whether and where to redirect is the AfD, and the AfD should probably be "unclosed" to determine the issue, if that's the consensus. --Bsherr (talk) 19:07, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn, I cannot see how the decision was arrived at reasonably in the context of an overwhelming consensus not to delete the article. Stifle (talk) 11:30, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn mostly per Stifle. Also pointing out that the one-event issue was addressed (if not in detail) by some pushing for the keep. But there is no way to read a result for deletion into that discussion. I honestly think the relist was wrong too. Hobit (talk) 22:32, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse - The keep calls were crap...I mean, really, really utter crap. "No significant reason for deletion. Also, this is perfectly acceptable article" ? Another keep that just echoed "per the above of that argument, we have an IP that weighed-in twice, and so on. It is high time to see a push back against simple numbers games. Tarc (talk) 22:33, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Erb? First of all . Shaliya waya's comment that this isn't a single event (ongoing coverage) is pretty darn on topic and it stood unopposed by anyone. Secondly, the closer cited a "redirect" argument as a reason to delete. Finally, we delete articles all the time that meet the letter of our inclusion guidelines. Are you saying if 10 people say "delete" and one says "redirect" (and no keeps) but the closer finds that the article meets the inclusion guidelines we should keep it anyways? And that doing so is the thing we want to have happen? Even I'm not that much of an inclusionist, WP:IAR plays a role in this stuff and guidelines and policies aren't ironclad. Hobit (talk) 00:50, 7 January 2011 (UTC)If the delete votes were completely wrong, then yes. As hard as it can be to accept for some people, their opinion can be wrong. NW (Talk) 03:48, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Sure, if those!votes are all of the form "Sky is blue" I'll buy that. But in this case the reason for deletion was BLP1E. People argued that in their opinion there was ongoing coverage and the event in question was so significant that it bypassed BLP1E. Those are both reasonable arguments for overcoming BLP1E. That said they didn't cite sources, so they were pretty weak. But taken as a whole it was clear most people felt this went beyond a single event and everyone felt at least a redirect was in order. There was no way it could be closed as delete. If someone had argued that no, it really was one event and a minor one at that and supplied sources to that effect I might buy that the delete argument was stronger. But it was just a case of proof-by-assertion on both sides. Given the numbers, there really was no way to delete here. Redirect maybe, NC quite reasonably, but there was no consensus for deletion. Hobit (talk) 06:11, 7 January 2011 (UTC)"Given the numbers, there really was no way to delete here." <-- That is a statement that should never ever appear at DRV. Many weak arguments cannot counter one strong argument. That is the way it has always worked; we are not a democracy. NW (Talk) 06:38, 7 January 2011 (UTC)I agree we aren't a democracy. What I disagree with is the strong vs. weak. If 6 people think something isn't one event and one thinks it is, does the admin get to close the discussion as delete because he happens to agree with the one person? I agree that when the issue is black-and-white facts override opinions. But when it is a matter of judgment, we look for consensus as to what the right judgment is. In this case there wasn't anything resembling consensus that this was a one-event case. Honestly it was a war of assertions. Someone said BLP1E, lots of other people disagreed. It is agreed that there were a series of events that occurred "Greaves publishing the book is an event, Amazon selling it is another, the media controversy is a third, his arrest a fourth, trial a fifth, etc. " What we disagree about is if those are separate events or not. That is a judgment call and what we do is listen to those who discuss it at AfD in an attempt to find consensus. Others argued that this event, or series of events, are so notable as to make the person notable. That too has happened before. Joe_the_plumber for example. "If the event is significant and the individual's role within it is substantial, a separate biography may be appropriate." People believe that this event is significant and made that argument clearly. Was it by assertion? Yes. But so was the BLP1E claim in the nom. Only Bigtimepeace made a solid argument in my opinion and he didn't reach a deletion conclusion. TLDR: In cases that are black-and-white (cut-and-paste plagiarism for example) 20 folks saying "it's ok" vs. one saying "no it isn't" the right outcome goes to the one who is right. In cases of degree and judgment the closing admin should pay close attention to the numbers of!votes in addition to their strength of argument. If for no other reason that WP:IAR and because we are not a bureaucracy. But also because that's why we have discussions--to see how well received different ideas and arguments are. Hobit (talk) 15:24, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Perhaps it is merely a matter of philosophy. In my view, how many people made which argument is irrelevant. In my ideal world, every vote made would be neutrally summarized into two columns, and the closing administrator would decide which argument is stronger. And you seem to agree that Bigtimepeace made the only strong argument. I think what you say about BTP's conclusion is misleading thoughBigtimepeace reached a conclusion of redirect. There is really nothing in the article to merge, and a redirect can be created even though the article was deleted. If the closer had reached a conclusion of Redirect, would you still oppose the close? NW (Talk) 06:22, 8 January 2011 (UTC)The problem with that is that it gives nearly infinite weight to the closer's opinions. If 20 people opine one way and 1 the other if the 22nd happens to agree with the 1 we end up with a result due only to the random chance of who closed the discussion. If the 20 who agreed in one direction were all admins, then it would have gone the other way had they be the one to close. Put differently, a closing admin needs to recognize that just because they find one argument stronger than the other that the general consensus is that they are mistaken. Again, in a black-and-white case it doesn't matter, wrong is wrong. But when it is a matter of opinion, reading, or degree the closer needs to be able to see that the argument they like best isn't generally accepted and close on that basis. Hobit (talk) 03:17, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Does that give "near infinite" view to the closer's opinion? Well, perhaps. But one could say the same thing about any bench trialno matter how many lawyers work for the prosecution and the defense firm, at the end of the day, it usually comes down to two lawyers arguing it out in front of a judge. We need to have someone make the call, and I worry that if we shift too far in your direction, then decisions will not be made on who has the better argument but rather who has more votes. I think that most closers can differentiate between their personal opinion on a matter and their analysis of the strength of the votes, if that makes any sense. Not really sure what I'm saying any more, so I think I'm going to shut up, if that is all right with you :) NW (Talk) 06:00, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Ha, then I'll grab the last word. There we have a fundamental difference. #1 I don't think it's a shift to expect the closer to take into account numbers--it has always been that way. #2 This isn't a bench trial. The admin has a mop, not a gavel. Your way of viewing things creates that dreaded so-called "supervote" were the closer does act as judge and jury and makes being an admin "a big deal," which it isn't supposed to be. Instead the admin is to find the consensus. And as others have argued in the AfD, the consensus was crystal clear. Hobit (talk) 13:52, 9 January 2011 (UTC)overturn consensus was crystal clear to keep, and there was no acceptable reason to override it. Umbralcorax (talk) 00:32, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn There was absolutely no consensus for deletion at the AfD in question. Issues regarding BLP were considered and addressed, and there appears to be no reason to override rather clear consensus. Alansohn (talk) 03:29, 7 January 2011 (UTC)@Umbralcorax, Stifle, et al: You're going to have to do more than say "consensus was crystal clear," because it is obvious that people disagree with you. What you can do is say that the vote count was clear, but it is equally clear that we don't do things based on vote count. NW (Talk) 03:48, 7 January 2011 (UTC)(edit conflict) The trouble with negatively-phrased arguments is that they're inherently vaguer than positively-phrased ones. (WP:NOT is the most egregious example: far from being a coherent policy, it's basically a list of things related to each other by the fact that most editors think other editors shouldn't be allowed to write about them on Wikipedia, and not by anything else). In this case, we're seeing a lot of negatively-phrased arguments used to support a deletion. "Wikipedia is not a democracy." "We don't do things based on vote count." And the trouble is that while these negatively-phrased arguments are irrefutable, they're also of questionable relevance and they impute on Stifle and Umbralcorax things they didn't actually say.Nobody in this discussion is saying that Wikipedia is a democracy. None of the participants is that unfamiliar with DRV, and none of them is that stupid. What they're saying is that a consensus of established editors wanted to retain this material in some form (whether as a redirect, a merge, or whatever). Saying "Wikipedia is not a democracy" in response to that position is like saying "Wikipedia is not a cookbook"true, irrefutable, and also irrelevant.NW, I think the weak link in the "Not democracy" reasoning is the bit where you ask, "How did Stifle, Umbralcorax and Hobit reach their conclusion?" and deciding that they must have counted!votes. In Stifle and Umbralcorax's case there is no evidence to support this whatsoever, and considerable evidence that they're experienced enough not to have done so. Hobit's counted!votes but he's done that as part of his argument, the remainder of which is unaddressed.In short, replying to these arguments with "Wikipedia is not a democracy" flies very wide of the mark.S Marshall T/C 12:27, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Well, it is the only reasonable conclusion that I can draw. Perhaps (and very likely) they thought otherwise. But until they explain themselves, "consensus was crystal clear" as "Keep It is clearly notable". NW (Talk) 06:17, 8 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn, but not sure what to. While many of the keep arguments were indeed poor, there was some validity in them. In particular, Tokyogirl79's point that the book being on amazon was one event. Him being arrested is a second event., while strongly rebutted by Bigtimepeace, casts serious doubt on the assertion that nobody addressed the BLP1E concerns. Even worse is the closing admin's statement that Shaliya waya and Tokyogirl79 do not discuss Greaves, which ignores the follow-up statements made by both and focuses only on the (admittedly weak) initial!votes. Since this was given as the main reason for closing against the numbers, I don't think the close can stand. However: since the majority of the arguments have seriously limited validity, no consensus would be better than keep. Given the limited attendance and the number of issues raised here, relisting could be appropriate. Alzarian16 (talk) 12:25, 7 January 2011 (UTC)When the number and perceived strength of arguments diverge this radically, I prefer that the would-be closer participate and rebut the weak arguments. I think that admin discretion allows closing against small numerical majorities. This looks like a no consensus to me, but very close when considering BLP. Flatscan (talk) 05:15, 9 January 2011 (UTC)I should have said the same thing (about participating in that situation). That is exactly the right thing to do. Hobit (talk) 05:35, 9 January 2011 (UTC)I can't take credit for that. I think I originally read it in a comment from S Marshall. Flatscan (talk) 05:40, 9 January 2011 (UTC)This closer's arguments are lucid and compelling. He addresses the policy framework first, then parses the arguments presented and compares them to existing policy and guidelines. Plus, he's really sexy.To claim there were no editors in favor of deletion in the first week is to read the debate in haste. Clearly NW wanted it deleted, or he wouldn't have nominated it. Delicious carbuncle obviously doesn't consider the article as meeting inclusion guidelines. Later, IP 67.85.190.217 presents a clear and lucid policy based deletion argument.The total of the material actually about the subject of the article was three words. This is a chapter-and-verse Wikipedia:Biographies_of_living_persons#Deletion deletion.The major point of contention here appears to be that the "judgment call" with respect to Shaliya waya/Tokyogirl79/Stonemason89 and the interpretation of event."This is a case that is receiving continually coverage, and has a high likelihood of ending up in the Supreme Court.""If the Yale student abortion art controversy can have an article, then this should as well. [...] Eventually it will go to court..""...this may well go on for quite a long time and even make it to the Supreme Court. [...] Best to keep the article for now..."None of the above actually are talking about the person. They are not saying "when he gets to the Supreme Court." They are all also violating ye olde timme "Wikipedia is not a crystal_ball."People made bad arguments. People clearly did not understand the policies in place. No on even suggested a page move to The Pedophiles Guide to Love and Pleasure publication controversy or its ilk. I'm also having trouble with the individuals who are simply stating "consensus was crystal clear to keep," et alia, in overturning this close. You're either A) not explaining why the way that I weighed the input was incorrect, or B) you're just counting noses. Either way, by doing that you're not contributing to the debate here, you're just voting. - Aaron Brenneman (talk) 12:16, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn. In the AfD there wasn't a single endorsement of the nominator's positions. There was a single poster who seemed to prefer redirection or merging. Any Admin who closes such a debate with a Delete should be deAdmined. It's a shocking and gross abuse of power. Nfitz (talk) 20:08, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse- the closing admin has given a detailed explanation of which votes he gave less/more weight, and why. I've read the discussion and am satisfied that the closing admin has judged rightly. Consensus rests on strength of argument, not strength of numbers, and this debate illustrates that a few very strong arguments can actually outweigh a multitude of weak ones. Reyk YO! 23:24, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn - The "votes" issue matters when you have a close count. For example, if the keeps outnumbered the deletes 5-4, an article perhaps could be deleted if they gave better arguments. But it was 100% keep at first, and pretty close thereafter. That is what you call consensus. This is a classic case of administrator abuse of power. The administrator decided "I want it my way" and said whatever he pleased. He ignored the fact that everyone wanted it kept. The long explanation was a means to justify this. If he really wanted it deleted, he should have closed it as keep, then made his own separate AfD and explained why. Dew Kane (talk) 02:59, 10 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] Family Foundation School (closed)Family Foundation School  Not a DRV issue, nothing has been deleted. DJJONE5NY, please discuss this with Wikiwag(talk contribs) directly, either on their talk page or at the article talk page.  T. Canens (talk) 01:59, 6 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.Family Foundation School (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (restore)<Undelete>The link and content on the page where addition of NYS Investigation into school is cited was deleted on both January 2nd and 5th by Wikiwag. This is a government investigation, and while the editor has had issue with the original citation for the group in the past, the inclusion here is a verifiable GOVERNMENT communication, as well as official letterhead and signature of the school in question. As both are present, such inclusion should be allowed, despite the current source. This is not simply a piece of opinion on the site, this is a back and forth of a multi-department NYS investigation. To leave it out shows extreme bias. Sorry, but I could not figure the format for this inquiry out properly, hopefully that is understood.DJJONE5NY (talk) 00:50, 6 January 2011 (UTC)DJJONE5NYThe above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.[edit] 5 January 2011[edit] Thomas Howes (actor)Thomas Howes (actor) (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)I made a new article for Thomas Howes (actor) following a redlink in Downton Abbey. I saw there had previously been an article and I checked via google the cached one which was a one liner plus a little box. My new article, which I discussed without success with two of the three previously deleting admins, seemed to me a substantially different and superior article with sufficient information and referencing to have some possibility of being acceptable and passing an Afd. I uploaded my page only for it to be deleted almost straight away before I had a chance to add comments to the new article's talk page explaining the articles situation. G4 speedy deletion was used to delete it and my understanding - after reading the following:If you do decide to recreate it, pay careful attention to the reasons that were proffered for deletion. Overcome the objections, and show that your new, improved work meets Wikipedia article policies. It can help to write down the reasons you think the article belongs on Wikipedia on the article's discussion page. If you manage to improve on the earlier version of the article and overcome its (perceived) shortcomings, the new article cannot be speedily deleted, and any attempt to remove it again must be settled before the community, on AFD.was that I was doing the right thing. I would like the article to be restored and perhaps undergo another Afd. I am currently working on the article here: User:Msrasnw/Thomas_Howes_(actor) and the message on the talk page I did not have time to add to the main space is here: User_talk:Msrasnw/Thomas_Howes_(actor). I hope this is OK to bring here - but it seems to me a big gap on the Downton Page. Thanks in advance and sorry if I have done something wrong. (Msrasnw (talk) 00:04, 6 January 2011 (UTC))PS I have discussed this with the deleting admin before bringing it here and mentioned to him that I thought asking for a review was the way to go. User_talk:Orangemike#Thomas_Howes_.28actor.29If you are already working on a new version in your userspace, what would be the point of undeleting the previous version?ukexpat (talk) 00:29, 6 January 2011 (UTC)I want the article in the main space (Msrasnw (talk) 00:41, 6 January 2011 (UTC))You're asking for restoration, but have not (in my view) addressed the reasons for deletion. Not everybody in the cast of this obscure (outside the UK) new show is notable; we're not talking Eastenders or Coronation Street here. --Orange Mike | Talk 03:00, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Dear Orangemike, Downton Abbey is highly notable and to say it obscure (outside the UK) is not, I think, relevant* It cost 1 million an hour to film, making it the most expensive British TV show ever produced. (WP)* The most successful British period drama since Brideshead Revisited, with UK ratings exceeding 10 million viewers.(WP) (W/c 8th Nov average viewing figures Downton Abbey 10.2million Coronation Street 9.6 million BARB figures)Best wishes (Msrasnw (talk) 11:10, 6 January 2011 (UTC))Overturn deletion. Even if, in the opinion of an administrator, the new article does not address all of the issues raised in the previous deletion discussion, if the article is nonetheless improved from the article that was the subject of the previous deletion discussion, criterion G4 does not apply. The remedy is an AfD, where those of the opinion that the article addresses the prior AfD issues and those of the opposite opinion can discuss the matter. Consensus, not administrators, make that determination. --Bsherr (talk) 05:10, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Undelete and send to AfD- In the original AfD the article is described (I can't see it myself, not being an admin) as a one sentence microstub. This is clearly not the case for Msrasnw's new version, and so I think the new version is sufficiently different from the old one to not be a clear G4. Reyk YO! 11:33, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Comment - I repeat my question, why undelete? If the article's creator thinks that their userspace draft is ready, just move it to mainspace, drama over.ukexpat (talk) 14:43, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Reply to Ukexpat - I moved it to main space and it was speedily G4'd. Should I just do it again or do you have the power to move it back? (Msrasnw (talk) 14:46, 6 January 2011 (UTC))Doing so brings up attribution problems. Msrasnw, what's the origin of your userspace draft? Did you at any point copy it from somewhere else on Wikipedia? If so, we need to make sure the original history is preserved. --Bsherr (talk) 18:12, 6 January 2011 (UTC)- I just typed it using the sources indicated as references - it is the same as the one Mr OrangeMike G4'd except for a couple of minor additions I have made to it since then. (Msrasnw (talk) 19:27, 6 January 2011 (UTC))Were there any other contributors to the one deleted, or to yours in your user space? --Bsherr (talk) 19:49, 6 January 2011 (UTC)No (Msrasnw (talk) 20:00, 6 January 2011 (UTC))Ok, then, you can, if you wish, move the article in your userspace into the mainspace, instead of continuing this deletion review, but you will not necessarily have the assurance it won't be speedy deleted again for the same reason. Up to you. --Bsherr (talk) 22:44, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn speedy per Reyk. It looks like the article has seen significant improvements. No objection to a quick trip to AfD though. Hobit (talk) 22:40, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn. Should pass an AFD if required, don't see the point though, it's now well sourced. Szzuk (talk) 23:47, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Allow Recreation The version of the article in user space makes a more than credible claim of notability, backed by sources, and is not a direct recreation of a deleted article. No reason not to allow this article to be moved to mainspace. Alansohn (talk) 03:32, 7 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] 4 January 2011[edit] Gordon Brown's favourite cookieGordon Brown's favourite cookie (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)This discussion was speedily closed and the redirect speedily deleted by user:Fox after less than 24 hours. The stated reason was "Speedy deleted as a WP:POINT violation.", which is not a WP:CSD#Criterion for speedy deletion. The only user other than the nominator who had commented at the point the discussion was closed had recommended a keep, so there was no consensus at this early stage for either keeping or deleting.When I queried the close, deleter said that contrary to the closing message they deleted it for being a WP:CSD#R3 violation (despite only commenter explicitly saying that in their opinion it met the criteria for neither R2 or R3). When I asked how this redirect was either an implausible typo or an implausible misnomer (as required by R3) they replied that it was an implausible misnomer because "it's not called this" and that it was a "regular prank redirect which should be killed" rather than sent to RfD. According to the CSD criteria, a page that is categorised by one user as "a prank" is also not a reason to speedily delete something. Also, CSD criteria are to be interpreted narrowly and when there is any doubt or disagreement about whehter a criteria applies (as is evidenced by one user explicitly saying it doesn't, then it is almost always best not to speedy delete but to discus it at the relevant XfD (RfD in this case). Speedily deleting something when there is an ongoing discussion in which a user in good standing has given a reasoned "keep" recommendation seems to fly in the face of everything an admin should be doing.For the record, I am neutral on whether the redirect is useful or not, but I am very strongly in favour of speedy deletion only being applied where explicitly allowed by the speedy deletion criteria. Thryduulf (talk) 23:23, 4 January 2011 (UTC) Thryduulf (talk) 23:23, 4 January 2011 (UTC)edit: see user talk:Fox#Gordon Brown's favourite cookie and user talk:Thryduulf#RE: Gordon Brown's favourite cookie for the discussion between myself and user:Fox, the deleting admin. Thryduulf (talk) 23:24, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse, naturally. Created for "subtle humour" by the only user endorsing the keeping of the redirect. Laughing stock of a DRV here. FOX 23:26, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Endose Not only was it quite obviously a R3 candidate, I'm almost tempted to speedily close this DRV as a WP:POINT violation as well. --Shirik (Questions or Comments?) 23:27, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse  You have got to be kidding me! Is this some sort of a sick joke? MuZemike 23:29, 4 January 2011 (UTC)If I may use a now-deprecated term from the early days of Wikipedia: BJAODN. MuZemike 23:31, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse, strongly applying CSD criteria often leads to silly unproductive deletion discussions. IAR is by far the best deletion logic, and there really is no reason for this page to exist. Prodego talk 23:36, 4 January 2011 (UTC)It often leads to even more silly and unproductive deletion review discussions. --Pontificalibus (talk) 11:36, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse  It should be reiterated here that Wikipedia policies and guidelines are descriptive and not prescriptive. As such, when administrators start deleting pages that are "a prank" and the community obviously agrees (either by means of the application of common sense or by extended discussion on the matter), then the deletion is in line with policy. Whether the policy page needs to be updated due to the numerousness of such deletions would be another discussion altogether, but the reason why some things are policies (and thus more "rigid") and some things are guidelines (and thus more "flexible") is simply due to the amount of consensus behind them in proportion to the frequency of exceptions to the rule. The CSD "policy" is very clear-cut and very frequently applied because in instances where something doesn't fit the criteria, an administrator usually would still feel more comfortable listing it at AFD because they'd rather people more experienced in the subject take a look at it. As a result, exceptions to the CSD criteria usually result in AFD simply because they're not clearly in need of being deleted or there's obvious ambiguity....but, at the same time, CSD is frequently ignored in instances where the policy simply doesn't reflect an obvious exception to the ruleespecially cases where there's no ambiguity. For example, one of these is instances where an administrator knows, for a fact, that there's not a chance in hell it's even worth the manpower to list it as a formal *FD, because it simply will result in deletion. This is one of those cases.--slakr\talk/ 00:02, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Comment I would have left the RfD run to the end--as usual with cutting corners, it would have been much less trouble than having to discuss it here. That's the reason for not using IARs like this on speedy--if anyone cares at all, it tends to be counterproductive. IAR is very poor logic for speedy: unless it amounts to vandalism, there's no need to use it. I'm not actually saying "overturn", because it was indeed a clear misuse of Wikipedia article space.. But anyone who would close the DRV as POINT will only compound the error. DGG ( talk ) 02:16, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Comment whether or not this was a misuse of article space is irrelevant. The point here is that applying WP:IAR to speedy deletion means that any administrator can delete anything they want for any reason they want and there is no point in having the very strict criteria at WP:CSD or any XfD discussions - doubly so when the deletion is made in the face of a "keep" recommendation from an editor in good standing. Also, how does R3 apply here - it's not a typo, it's not a misnomer - it's not the usual form of article titles and it's not a typical thing we have redirects for, but that doesn't make it a type or misnomer. If something that is not the result of a page move, is not a typo and is not a misnomer then R3 does not apply and it may not be speedy deleted under that criterion. If things like this harm Wikipedia to such and extent that you need to speedy delete them, then get consensus for a speedy deletion criterion for them, don't disrupt Wikipedia by deleting them out of process. Thryduulf (talk) 03:50, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Thryduulf, I agree with you in principle, and I think every regular here knows it. It certainly wasn't right. But this particular RfD just isn't a good example to build a case on,because of the extreme weakness of the underlying material. DGG ( talk ) 04:55, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Gordon Brown's favourite cookie  Digestive biscuit. How do you think that that is appropriate in any way and that it should be overturned because somebody signed in the wrong place on the 1488-D-C38a? This is ridiculous! MuZemike 07:03, 5 January 2011 (UTC)I don't have an opinion about whether teh redirect is a good one or not, as I thought I'd made explicitly clear (but based on several people's comments above being about their opinion of the redirect, not the rightness or wrongness of the out-of-process speedy deletion, I apparently haven't), and I'm not asking for the redirect to be kept for ever and a day, I'm saying the premature closure of the discussion to be overturned , and the consensus of the community to be ascertained and acted upon, rather than the opinion of one administrator (whether that matches the consensus of the community or not). The reason for the DRV is that it is never right for anything to be speedily deleted when it doesn't meet one of the speedy deletion criteria, otherwise any admin could delete whichever article special:random led them to if they personally didn't like it, even an article like Israel (which I recall someone nominating for (speedy?) deletion years ago on the grounds that the state had broken international law (in the nominator's opinion) and should therefore not exist). It is never right speedily delete a page currently going though a deletion discussion when there is no WP:SNOW consensus explicitly for speedy deletion. It might seem like a trivial example, and maybe it is, but deletion can be dangerous in the wrong hands, which is why there are deliberately very strict criteria for when something can be deleted, and these must be stuck to. WP:CSD is not a normal policy, where I'm all for interpreting the spirit of the rules - the explicitly specified spirit of CSD is that the criteria be interpreted narrowly - this is why every single word of the criteria is discussed and debated on the talk page (for example despite unanimous agreement that the intent of the animal clause of WP:CSD#A7 was that it not apply to individual specie, there was still about 2 weeks of active discussion about how this should be worded). If you think that this desire to see the checks and balances in the deletion process are applied equally in every case is the same as overturning something because "somebody signed in the wrong place on the 1488-D-C38a" then I make no apologies for that. Thryduulf (talk) 08:34, 5 January 2011 (UTC)I'm not sure where to start with this. "CSD is not a normal policy." What is it? A hyperpolicy? One that supersedes WP:IAR and WP:5P? I understand your desire to not invoke WP:IAR but there's really a limit to how far you can go in contesting someone else's use of it. I don't see how, in any way, shape, or form, you can say that this deletion was not improving the encyclopedia. "The explicitly specified spirit of CSD is that the criteria be interpreted narrowly"  it's only as narrow as you make it. G3, for example, is rather vague in its definition, and that's also quite intentional because vandalism, while definable, we don't really have a good litmus test for. Don't get me wrong, User:ClueBot NG is really putting that statement to the test, but there's still a lot it misses as well. That being said, perhaps you're more satisfied calling this a G3 than an R3. But in any case, every single policy, especially WP:IAR, goes back to the five pillars, and that is the basis on which we judge everything. Policies are only derived from that. So I ask you. Was this encyclopedic content? No, of course not. So why are we having this discussion here when Wikipedia is an encyclopedia and Wikipedia does not have firm rules? The only argument you have made for making this DRV so far is that it was not explicitly called out in a CSD (something I still contest). You have not made any argument for keeping the redirect, so really I go back to calling this DRV a WP:POINT violation and nothing more (something another editor has already called me out for, but an opinion I will not back down from). --Shirik (Questions or Comments?) 12:18, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse. I created the redirect and sincerely appreciate the DRV nominator's sentiment, but also acknowledge that this has been a learning experience for me. I have offered the deleting administrator my apologies on both of our talk pages. KimChee (talk) 05:49, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Keep deleted per most above. There is absolutely no point in process for process's sake. Joke redirect, properly deleted, what's the point in messing around? Stifle (talk) 09:08, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Keep deleted now it's done, but this is not an edorsement. The deleting admin should not have speedily deleted it, especially as they were involved in the original debate that sparked the redirect. --Pontificalibus (talk) 11:36, 5 January 2011 (UTC)The result was correct and absolutely inevitable. However, the principal purpose of DRV is to decide if the deletion process was correctly followed, and since this was an IAR speedy by a debate participant an interested party, we can only conclude that it was not. And deleting this was not so desperately urgent as to provide an excuse. A minnow for the deleter, and please could the closer of this DRV use the words "keep deleted" rather than "endorse".S Marshall T/C 12:15, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Where did Fox participate in the debate? T. Canens (talk) 12:55, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Fox started the AfD for Murder of Joanna Yeates. Gordon Brown's favourite cookie was used as a redlink by someone else in support of Fox's "delete" rationale. Creating the redirect was an attempt to show that support as ill-founded. --Pontificalibus (talk) 13:57, 5 January 2011 (UTC)With all due respect, S Marshall, could you please check your facts before participating - I did not participate in the "discussion" (really just Diego's nomination) before applying the speedy. FOX 14:06, 5 January 2011 (UTC)While I accept that to a certain extent, DRV traditionally takes a dim view of "IAR speedy deletions" irrespective of whether the deleting party took part in the debate, and it's not unreasonable to say you had shown an interest in the discussion.S Marshall T/C 16:30, 5 January 2011 (UTC)On the contrary, the only interest I had (or showed) was that it should never had had to exist. FOX 17:12, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse - Admins can and should invoke IAR to delete pointy redlink-creations such as this. Obviously any IAR decision is subject to challenge/review, so here we are, but as it is running solidly endorse so far it seems the outcome is clear. So, who has the balls to snow-close the DRV?:) Tarc (talk) 19:20, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse deletion, I would point out that an argument could be made that this could fall under either db-hoax or db-blp and have been a far less controversial close. -- RoninBK T C 08:35, 6 January 2011 (UTC)It's hardly disparaging to Gordon Brown to claim his favourite biscuit is a digestive, even if it did turn out to be false. FOX 09:15, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Keep deleted, good use of IAR to delete an obvious joke redirect. I stop short of endorsing because 1) I generally oppose IAR speedies and 2) (through no fault of the deleting admin) we've probably wasted more time here than letting the RfD run. KimChee (redirect creator) has also added "Biscuitgate" to Digestive biscuit and List of scandals with "-gate" suffix. Flatscan (talk) 05:35, 7 January 2011 (UTC)I have thrown off a jar dull of peas and nobody wrote on article on it. Let's go next. Paul188.25.53.64 (talk) 20:14, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Keep deleted - Good use of IAR to prevent a long, drawn out RfD discussion over the merits of an obvious joke redirect. Discussing this at DRV (rather than early closing this DRV) is important because it allows detailed conversation on a correct application of the relatively rarely used IAR. -- Uzma Gamal (talk) 15:18, 9 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] Reuel Marc GerechtReuel Marc Gerecht (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)Doing a web search for this man after he was interviewed on Al Jazeera Arabic today, I discovered that the article about him was deleted 14 days ago. Incredibly disappointing. Thankfully Google Cache had a copy of the rather decent article. I agree that he's not an interesting person, but would consider him noteworthy by sheer virtue of having felt strongly inclined to find out more about the character. By the way, this is the fourth biographical article I've discovered to have been deleted for absolutely nonsensical reasons in the last two weeks. The deletionism must stop! --Smri McCarthy (talk) 20:49, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Note that I corrected the name in this DRV, which appeared to be misspelled. --Shirik (Questions or Comments?) 23:42, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse You have not mentioned any issues with the deletion process, and I don't see any myself (there weren't any keep arguments in the discussion at all, for that matter). If you think you can address the notability issues, then do it. If you want an admin to userfy the page for you, just ask for it. But this doesn't appear to be the right place for you. --Shirik (Questions or Comments?) 23:45, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse- consensus at the AfD was clear, and the discussion could not have been closed any other way. Reyk YO! 00:35, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Comment: I have temporarily restored the history of the article so that the discussion can be facilitated for the non-admins also. DGG ( talk ) 03:37, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn Notable author by our usual standards. It seems not to have been noticed that he has written 2 notable books, each held in hundreds of libraries and reviewed by multiple reliable sources for notability . The 1997 Know Thine Enemy: A Spy's Journey into Revolutionary Iran published under his pseudonym has been reviewed at length by The NY Times [ (September 14, 1997): , the NY Review of Books 46, no. 14, (1999), Booklist v. 93 (June 1-15 1997). Library Journal v. 122 (June 15 1997). and the academic journals Middle East Quarterly December 1997, & Iranian Studies, Spring, 1999, vol. 32, no. 2, p. 301-302. He has also written under his own name the 2004 The Islamic paradox: Shiite clerics, Sunni fundamentalists, and coming of Arab democracy , reviewed in National Review March 14, 2005 v57 i4 p48 and the academic The Middle East Journal Summer 2005 v59 i3 p516; also Payvand [6] This fully meets the requirements, apart from the many other writings. Amazing that nobody really seems to have checked the publication record. The re was also a full Al Jazeera interview in 2008, [7] , & interviews with him on NPR [8] & [9], & on Meet the Press [10]. Multiple other sources about him, not written by him, in Google News archive, which certainly meet WP:BIO. Sloppy article, incompetent AfD discussion, closing without comment by an admin who never does comment, and people here not checking either. And FWIW, Smari, who brings the review here, is not a neophyte as seems to have been assumed " this doesn't appear to be the right place for you", but a bureaucrat on one of the other WPs. Smari, the article is not protected, just write a new one with these additional references. DGG ( talk ) 04:52, 5 January 2011 (UTC)And your reason for the overturn is... incompetence? By whose standards? For the record, my comment "this doesn't appear to be the right place for you" was not an attack on the user. It was a point that DRV is not the right place for this discussion. This is not the place to argue whether or not this subject is notable, which it appears to be what you're trying to do. Instead, this is a place to discuss the discussion. If you think the subject is notable and the concerns in the AFD can be addressed, then by all means userfy the article and recreate it. It's not complex, and that's exactly what I said to do. However an appeal to authority is pointless here. --Shirik (Questions or Comments?) 06:04, 5 January 2011 (UTC)No, Shirik, you're misunderstanding what we do here. Deletion review has fairly wide latitude to make judgments about whether a deletion was correct; we can overturn on the basis that the closer failed to close in accordance with the consensus, but we can (and sometimes do) also overturn on the basis that the debate itself was unsatisfactory. In this case, DGG's point is that while the closer appears to have acted correctly, there were easily-available sources that we might have expected the debate participants to identify. They failed to do so. DGG's argument is cogent and I would expect it to be given full weight at DRV.S Marshall T/C 12:20, 5 January 2011 (UTC)I am fully aware of what DRV is, but thanks for your comment. However, you have completely misinterpreted my comment. My comment explicitly stated to just remake the article. The CSD that keeps pages deleted after an AFD explicitly states "This excludes pages that are not substantially identical to the deleted version, pages to which the reason for the deletion no longer applies...". In other words, if the problem is fixed, then yay. Accordingly, the deletion was reasonable (endorse), and furthermore, recreate the damn page. I'm not sure why people have such a problem with understanding that from my original comment. I thought it was fairly clear. --Shirik (Questions or Comments?) 12:31, 5 January 2011 (UTC)The reason I didn't simply write a new article is that I have virtually no information about the person in question - I came to Wikipedia in search of information. I could not write a good article about him without engaging in research (which appears to have been done, however shoddily; there's definitely a LOT of room for improvement...). As for the purpose of the deletion review, I believe it's here to review deletions. Specifically ones that appear to have been performed without any sensibility. Whether or not a bunch of people chimed in with "delete" should be second to the point of whether the article had potential merit. If the people who are maintaining the Deletion Log with so much ardency were to spend half as much time actually trying to improve articles instead of just deleting them, then we wouldn't be having this conversation. --Smri McCarthy (talk) 17:32, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse - No fault or wrongdoing in admin closure, just the usual post-partum complaints. If someone wants to work on the article, take it to user-space and try to bring it up to our notability guidelines. Tarc (talk) 18:56, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse, process was fine, but there would be no real objection I think to undeleting the history under a redirect to Foundation for Defense of Democracies if DGG thinks it's a likely search term. Guy (Help!) 19:05, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn to keep. WP:AfD requires, "Before nominating due to sourcing or notability concerns, make a good-faith attempt to confirm that such sources don't exist." DGG's comment shows that the nominator failed to do so. --Bsherr (talk) 05:40, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse deletion because the process was done properly, but allow re-creation (with original history restored) because there is good reason to believe that the subject is sufficiently notable to warrant an article. I recommend that the article be improved in userspace somewhat and then restored to the mainspace. --Metropolitan90 (talk) 05:49, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Yes, this or some other solution that saves face for the closer is appropriate here, because the closer was misled by the debate's failure to unearth sources.S Marshall T/C 08:30, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse deletion, allow restoration Let anyone who wants to fix it get a copy and fix it. The closer ideally would have searched and found that this person probably is notable, but that's pretty unrealistic given the volume of stuff in AfD. Hobit (talk) 22:37, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse, deletion debate was properly conducted and interpreted. As ever, there is no barrier to recreating an improved version of the article that overcomes the reason for deletion. Stifle (talk) 13:40, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse - The closer correctly interpreted the consensus on the AFD. Since new information has now been found, recreate with the new information. ~~GBfan~~ 14:14, 7 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] Master Navigator SoftwareMaster Navigator Software (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)Some people are vandalizing my page of MNS with different kind of excuses. The page has been in Wikipedia many years and since the status of that program continues to be active and it has many users I feel that this kind of vandalism is not appropriate. Jannej (talk) 02:36, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse- not the most well-attended AfD of all time, but I think the delete opinions were grounded in policy and so I can't fault Spartaz's close. Jannej, it is polite and common practice to inform the deleting administrator that you're starting an DRV. Also, deletion is not vandalism. Reyk YO! 03:37, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse The only person who wants the article can't create a coherent WP policy based reason to do so. SchmuckyTheCat (talk)I have temporarily restored the history of the article so that the discussion can be facilitated for the non-admins also. DGG ( talk ) 03:36, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse deletion - Here's where the DRV nom removed MER-C's speedy deletion request of the article seven minutes after MER-C posted it. Here's where the DRV nom removed GB fan's {{notability}} and {{unreferenced}} tags to the article. Here's where the DRV nominator added File:MNS_LogoLogo.gif to the article to replace the File:MNS Logo.gif image deleted by After Midnight. Here's where the DRV nominator added Image:Touch_Screen.jpg to the article to replace the File:Handheld PC.jpg image deleted by Skier Dude. The DRV nominator has been with Wikipedia since 5 August 2006,[11] so I don't think that "mean people do bad things to my article" justifies overturning the deletion. -- Uzma Gamal (talk) 13:56, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse deletion, blatant advertising doesn't come a lot more blatant than this. Guy (Help!) 19:02, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn You people (above) are welcome to fix those minor drawbacks in that article instead of vandalizing it. There are lot of people out there who need fast and simple information about what MNS is. I have some ideas who those people are that started the vandalism and why they are doing it but don't want to be more specific about it here now. There is no point for single individuals to make these articles any more in Wikipedia since some groups of people with more rights and powers are vandalizing and terrorizing the whole Wikipedia. Especially smaller single individual editors like JanneJ who is mostly working in too small groups will never get his pages through due to this situation which is now exactly reversing the whole idea of Wikipedia (open source web-based online encyclopedia). Now it is more a closed place for some people who have reached some position in the Wikipedia deletion mechanism hierarchy and have the ability to keep their own pages with the influence of their similar friends. Sad to see that the Wikipedia founders just beg for more money on the front page and do not care about anything else. So who is anybody to say anything against advertising when the Wikipedia founder keeps begging money on the front page all the time? That if anything is advertising and irritating people. And as mentioned above the article about MNS was not any advertisement. Instead it gives fast and compacted information about what it is. That is exactly why encyclopedias are there. You can not exclude something from an encyclopedia just because it is a commercial product. People need information about all topics. Iniidras (talk) 03:00, 10 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] 3 January 2011[edit] Timothy BallTimothy Ball (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)This close has been nagging at me every so often. It was a well-contested discussion, and I still think I closed it properly. But I feel it could be said that I may have crossed the line between weighing arguments and supervoting. Perhaps I only weighed the "votes" against the backdrop of the relevant policies as administrators should when closing AFDs. But I have enough doubts about that that I hope some editors not involved with climate change could look it over. Thanks, NW (Talk) 22:59, 3 January 2011 (UTC)I for one appreciate you bringing this here, it's a classy move. I'm not able to see the sources being discussed (tmp undeletion might be nice), but could someone provide a link to the source where "The very first source--the Telegraph--dedicates paragraphs 3-7 to him" mentioned in the AfD? If in fact there are 5 paragraphs on him there it sounds like a good source. Also I'd say the movie itself may count as a source for our purposes. Given the!vote ratio and that no one seemed to refute those as sources, I'm leaning toward believing deletion was in error. But I need so see that Telegraph source first to evaluate the arguments. Hobit (talk) 04:03, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Here it is: [12] They aren't so much paragraphs as sentences, really. NW (Talk) 15:02, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Also, does anyone else think the shortcut for Wikipedia:Requests for Undeletion (WP:REFUND) is hilarious? :)I asked on that board for someone to undelete the article; someone should soon. NW (Talk) 16:15, 4 January 2011 (UTC)I'm going to go with restore. In my opinion he meets WP:N, if not by a wide margin. But as closer I think close cases like this must defer to the folks that were involved. And a sizable majority felt the article should stay. Hobit (talk) 00:21, 5 January 2011 (UTC)I think that shortcut is a feature...:) T. Canens (talk) 03:42, 5 January 2011 (UTC)I want to echo Hobit. It was a classy move to open this. I'm uninvolved with climate change articles.The Telegraph is a reputable British newspaper, but it doesn't pretend to be neutral. It's uncontroversial to call The Telegraph right wing (its nickname is The Torygraph), and on some subjects it gives a platform and a voice to the extreme right lunatic fringe. I would not consider the face that The Torygraph has published information about this character, to be sufficient evidence that he's notable as an academic. The Torygraph has occasionally tried to pit cranks of various sorts against the academic mainstream.If this wasn't a BLP, I would still be leaning towards "overturn" on the basis of other coverage, but the fact that it's a BLP as well as a marginal climate change article makes me think the benefit of the doubt belonged with the "delete" side. Which is all a very longwinded way of saying, endorse.S Marshall T/C 12:31, 4 January 2011 (UTC)I fully agree that A) he's not notable as an academic and B) the press/coverage he's gotten is likely due to the political biases of those covering him. But that said, if the coverage is by a RS (and the Telegraph is that, just as much as Fox News is) is substantive and otherwise meets the requirements of WP:N, I don't see how we can delete in the face of that discussion which numerically and generally went toward keep. Now I'm not at all certain there are multiple sources (The Pittsburgh Tribune-Review interview is certainly one) that can be reasonably accepted as meeting the requirements of WP:N (non-trivial in particular). But if there are, I think the!votes to keep have to be viewed as stronger than those to delete (due to numbers and arguments). In particular I don't think the fact he fails as an academic means he can't reach the bar of WP:N otherwise. Hobit (talk) 13:49, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Hmm. I recognise that argument and feel its force, but I also think the sources aren't fundamentally about this character. The sources are fundamentally essays about why climate change is a (hoax/misinterpretation of the evidence/commie plot to take over the world), and I think the guideline to apply is not so much WP:N as WP:FRINGE/PS. Ball's views deserve coverage on Wikipedia (and do receive coverage, in proportion to their importance). But is a biography of him justified?S Marshall T/C 15:29, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn. The close was primarily on the basis that he is not notable as a professor, a conclusion I agree with. But the close ignored the possibility that he would be notable as a participant in the climate change debate, which is not limited to those with notable academic expertise in the subject. GIven the position that he took is one in general disfavor here we should be extra-careful to avoid bias. Yes, this results in a slight over-coverage of cranks, but that is better than an under-coverage of minority positions that are not necessarily cranks. (fwiw, my view is that the anti-anthropogenic position is clearly wrong -- and dangerous, but unfortunately not yet fringe.) DGG ( talk ) 16:56, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Restore article. (Maybe I'm not allowed to say that since I was involved in the AfD, wanting to keep it, and working on the article to improve it. Please disregard if I'm out of line.) NW, I admire you for doing this; thank you. I was shocked at the decision since Ball was so much in the news wrt climate change. He's closer to being a climate scientist than Al Gore is, to give an example of how activism "counts" towards notability. And, no, I'm not saying Ball has Gore's stature! Or girth, either, heh-heh... Ball is to Gore as Quayle is to Kennedy I'm just saying Ball is notable. Even if he is less in the news now than he was, historically he was notable. Yopienso (talk) 23:37, 4 January 2011 (UTC)@Yopienso: It is not the place for DRV to reargue the AFD. I feel that you are, unfortunately. But no matter. @DGG and Hobit: I tried to address the GNG issue in paragraphs 2-3 (I called it SIGCOV) instead. Did you catch that? NW (Talk) 02:13, 5 January 2011 (UTC)No, sorry, I don't understand DRV or GNG or SIGCOV. Please strike or delete anything inappropriate I may have written. And again, thanks for opening this to review. Yopienso (talk) 04:22, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Oh, those damned three-lettered acronyms. Anyway: This page (deletion review, aka DRV) is meant for reviewing the AFD closure and seeing whether I weighed the votes against appropriate policy (general notability guideline, aka GNG or SIGCOV), not simply for rearguing the AFD itself. NW (Talk) 05:04, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Thank you, NW. I'm posting something on your talk page for you to vet. Yopienso (talk) 06:30, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Sorry I missed this the first time. You did address the GNG issue, but A) my personal opinion is that the sources involved are enough and more importantly B) that was the general consensus found at the discussion. I fully realize I tend to take a less restrictive view of the GNG than the general community and I think you'd agree, at least with respect to BLPs, you tend to have a higher bar. But in the case of things that are a matter of opinion, the closing admin should probably defer to the consensus in the AfD unless there is really good reason not to. Otherwise we get deletion or keep results that are almost entirely based upon who happened to close the discussion. At least that's my thought on how I think this should go. Hobit (talk) 22:20, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn. The closing statement said: We need sources. As WP:SIGCOV puts it, "sources address the subject directly in detail...Significant coverage is more than a trivial mention but it need not be the main topic of the source material". Most of the news references brought up address Ball for a few sentences at most; I fail to see how that qualifies as "more than a trivial mention". I disagree, because I supplied this story as well as pointed out this one already in the article besides mentioning some of the other references already in the article. And I said his appearance on national TV in a controversial documentary slammed by George Monbiot gave him notability. Also, I agree with DGG about notability not as an academic but as a denier. Yopienso (talk) 08:00, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse, as within closer's discretion under the particular circumstances of this case, in particular, the CC background, the serious coatrack potential, the fact that this is a BLP, and the fact that the person is indisputably not notable as an academic and that the GNG-based notability is marginal at best. I'm not one of the "Cry BLP!" crowd, but this confluence of factors is, I think, enough to bring a delete close within the closer's discretion. T. Canens (talk) 03:42, 5 January 2011 (UTC)I think part of what makes this AfD interesting is that the!vote was 12 to 5 to keep. Given that the general notability is close, who makes the call if it's over the line, those commenting at the AfD or the closer? I don't know that admin discretion goes so far in a borderline case.Hobit (talk) 12:37, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Probably not this far normally, but it's a BLP, where admin discretion is at its maximum, since in those cases admins have at their disposal not only the normal discretion they possess under the deletion policy, but also the authority granted to them by the BLP policy and WP:BLPSE to protect the BLP subjects. An admin is entitled to grant great weight to the BLP concerns in this particular case, given the serious coatrack potential caused by the subject's, um, quite questionable views, and the CC context, which was, and unfortunately still is, a battleground both on- and off-wiki despite the CC probation and WP:ARBCC. Where, as here, the notability is marginal, an admin is further entitled to accord the GNG-based arguments substantially less weight, and close the debate as delete. T. Canens (talk) 13:16, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn to keep - Wikipedia says this guy is a professor and because the reliable sources do not provide sufficient coverage for him as a professor, he is not entitled to a Wikipedia article. Poppycock. Wikipedia is not here to dictate what the reliable sources cover. Also, his "significant coverage" article count is not high enough so he is not entitled to a Wikipedia article. Again, poppycock. "Significant coverage" is not some sort of prize awarded by Wikipedia or an AfD game to manipulate to keep news-generating cranks from receiving Wikipedia coverage. It is clear from the AfD discussion that there is enough reliable source material to maintain a standalone article on the topic. Wikipedia is here to reflect that significant coverage wherever it leads. Because the keep positions argument was strong and not reasonably refuted, overturn the delete close to keep. -- Uzma Gamal (talk) 13:24, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn to keep. The subject is notable as a commentator on the issue of climate change. This can be seen by the fact that those who disbelieve in anthropogenic global warming (AGW) cite him as an expert, and those who do believe in AGW cite him negatively as being the kind of non-expert that their opponents rely on. The closing admin placed too much emphasis on the issue of whether Ball was notable for his academic work per se, as opposed to whether he is notable for his activity as a commentator/activist on the AGW issue. There is no reason to think that this article is any more likely to result in WP:BLP violations than any other article about anyone involved in the AGW debate. --Metropolitan90 (talk) 06:08, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Sorry, I thought I addressed the significant coverage issue in paragraph 2 of my closure. Could you explain specifically why you thought that paragraph was incorrect enough to overturn the closure? NW (Talk) 06:20, 6 January 2011 (UTC)It's more a judgment call than a policy decision as to whether there are sufficient sources to write a proper article about Ball. The consensus was that there are. Focusing on the issue of whether he met WP:PROF tended to skew the AfD close. It would be like trying to judge John Edward Mack primarily on his scholarly research as a Harvard professor of psychiatry and ignoring his notability as a promoter of the idea of alien abductions. --Metropolitan90 (talk) 14:45, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse - I can't find any significant coverage here. I see random mentions of him in newspapers, a few random quotes from conferences he was present at, a death threat reported by a conservative Canadian website (a not entirely reliable site, IMHO), and specific citations that cover only his degrees(?!) and the name of his PhD thesis, and one that literally only quotes his wife (ie source is not related to Prof Ball at all). Don't look at the number of citations in the article, people  go through and ensure they actually focus on our article's subject. Ed[talk] [majestic titan] 06:49, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Hi, Ed. Will you please explain why this feature article, with a full front-page color photograph, is not significant coverage? Will you please explain why James Hoggan and Richard Littlemore, both trained by Al Gore and CC bloggers, would say, "Ball-the-climate-expert seemed to be everywhere--on the radio, in the newspapers, on the lecture circuit, even testifying before a committee in the Canadian parliament," if the man were not a widely-known denier? Yopienso (talk) 07:35, 6 January 2011 (UTC)That "feature" devotes maybe four paragraphs to him. It seems to portray Ball as more of a low-level example of a substantive problem. To the second source, it is not used in the article, and I'm not sure it passes WP:RS. Ed[talk] [majestic titan] 08:32, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Thank you for a quick response! Somehow you looked at the wrong article or did not look at it closely enough. The feature devotes the first 12 paragraphs exclusively to Ball. (Not counting a one-sentence bolded paragraph.) Then for 3 paragraphs, in which Ball is named three times and referred to twice with a pronoun ("he," "someone"), it digresses to the movement. The next 3 paragraphs deal with the mainstream science, naming Ball once. Five paragraphs naming Ball numerous times and debunking his ideas follow. The next 9 paragraphs deal with denialism in general, naming Ball twice. The next 45-50 deal with various aspects of the climate wars, naming Ball 7 times. Then the article comes back exclusively to Ball for about the next 12 paragraphs. The last 3 are about Friends of Science, a group Ball belongs to and that was discussed in some of the paragraphs not devoted specifically to him as an individual. I've done my best scrolling through the long article with bleary eyes--it's past midnight here--but I may have made some slight errors. It's a good faith effort that shows the feature is indeed about him and his ilk. It is not venomous, but is not supportive of Ball, either. It's a good model for a WP BLP on him.No, the other source is not in the bio. (If the bio's restored, I would imagine it will quickly be added. The bio, when deleted, was very much a work in progress.) Metropolitan90 supplied it here. I cannot imagine a book by Hoggan and Littlemore not passing muster. Check out this 2-page Christian Science Monitor interview with Hoggan about the book. Yopienso (talk) 09:48, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse. It was a very odd AFD. I have read the cites/refs and I don't see anything at all that makes him notable. It is all guff including the Telegraph article. Not a supervote just the closing admin reading the keep votes as very weak - because they are. It also says something that the closing admin brought it here - nobody else cared because it is a delete. Changed my mind. Understandable close but faulty. Szzuk (talk) 10:51, 7 January 2011 (UTC)And the Globe and Mail feature article which is more than half about him[13]? Hobit (talk) 00:02, 7 January 2011 (UTC){E/c}:You are mistaken that nobody else cared. I for one cared, but believed the deck was stacked and there was no use wasting my time. The fact that NW himself brought it here because the close had been nagging him speaks volumes. Please explain specifically one by one and as a whole why the "Mr. Cool" feature, the Hoggan-Littlemore book, and the numerous TV and radio appearances are not sufficient to make him notable. The Telegraph article serves mainly to document the fact Ball appeared on The Great Global Warming Swindle, a very notable event.Added after {E/c}: Thank you, Hobit; the Globe and Mail feature article is actually all about him; the parts that don't treat of him as an individual explain the context of his work. Yopienso (talk) 00:07, 7 January 2011 (UTC)I figured "more than half" was safer to say:-) Hobit (talk) 03:33, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Doesn't look reliable to me. It appeared in a minor magazine given away free with the paper - i.e. nobody read it and there was no editorial oversight apart from a spellcheck. Szzuk (talk) 10:18, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Can you verify that? These sources don't: Author's bio. The competition read it and protested. Author's rebuttal. Seems to me it's a long feature article by a reputable, award-winning journalist. Not sure about the editorial oversight, as Montgomery seems to a free-lancer. Yet it does bear the Globe & Mail's catchet. Yopienso (talk) 17:45, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Yes, the Focus Magazine is under the full editorial control of the Globe & Mail, a major Canadian paper.You'll find those voices in our news and Comment pages, and this weekend in a reconfigured Focus section that aims to be the spark of every great (and if necessary, outrageous) Canadian debate. Here. Yopienso (talk) 03:37, 10 January 2011 (UTC)It seems the US government thought he was notable [14]. (note that there are WP articles on all of the other critics mentioned in this press release) - Josette (talk) 06:32, 7 January 2011 (UTC)That is a press release by a partisan commission that was discussed in the AFD and in my closing statement. NW (Talk) 06:36, 7 January 2011 (UTC)A partisan commission? So what? He is still notable to representatives of the US government along with the others. Or are you saying he is not notable because you don't agree with their stance? - Josette (talk) 06:59, 7 January 2011 (UTC)No, but it is pretty clear that such a source would fail points 1 and 3 of WP:SIGCOV. This was one of the difficult things about closing the AFD. People kept trying to bring up things that only trivially mentioned the man or were of no use in writing a biography. Frankly, Wikipedia doesn't give a damn about how many sources quoted him or which documentaries he appeared in. The general notability guideline says that "Significant coverage is more than a trivial mention but it need not be the main topic of the source material." How was this met? Five sentences is not enough. NW (Talk) 07:29, 7 January 2011 (UTC)"Significant coverage" means that sources address the subject directly in detail, so no original research is needed to extract the content. Significant coverage is more than a trivial mention but it need not be the main topic of the source material.Which are points 1 and 3?How are the two sources I presented above on 07:35, 6 January 2011 or any I supplied in the original BLP or AfD trivial mentions? How are they not RSs that show notability? How is quoting a person a trivial mention? Example of notability and trivial mention, as I understand them: This column is devoted to one Tiny DeSapio, but that doesn't make him notable by WP standards. There is a mere trivial mention of Craig Enlow and Scoot Bearss. The main topic of this column is the retirement of Dr. Vernon Cates. Significant coverage is given to his son. My reliable sources on Ball give significant coverage, showing him to be notable. Which links only give him trivial mention? The Telegraph does, but it serves to show he appeared on a national broadcast. Which other[s]? Yopienso (talk) 09:03, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse closure - Sources may exist to write an article entitled "Tim Ball's opinion on climate change". But that's not what this article was. In essence, it's little more than a WP:ONEVENT that's been stretched out through repeated coverage in friendly media. The simple fact of the matter is that sources don't exist to write even the most basic article about the man. Even getting the basics of his career straight is problematic, since his own claims about his career and inconsistent and contradictory. Guettarda (talk) 23:22, 8 January 2011 (UTC)For authors, academics and actors we happy keep articles on them rather than "Bob's acting" or "paper by Bob". We do that because people want to understand what information there is out there and we have reliable sources for such information. Further, a life-long career in an area is hard to call ONEVENT. If it were, we'd delete every single article on pretty much everyone ever. The basic argument here is that he's notable via coverage of him. Yes, about his opinions and theories' but that's him. Some have argued that there isn't enough coverage (feature article in the 2nd largest paper in Canida would seem to dispel that, but...). But to argue that this particular person should be treated differently than nearly every other bio out there where the person is notable for only their views or works is, well, odd. Hobit (talk) 03:25, 9 January 2011 (UTC)We aren't talking about Ball's "life-long career". His career was teaching geography to undergrads - I'd be the last person to belittle that. But his academic career is clearly not Wikipedia-notable. He has attracted some attention as a professional 'skeptic', "leveraged...onto podiums and editorial pages across the country" by Tories and the oil industry. "The country" being Canada. Again, not to belittle the country that gave me the first four years of my education, but still, "crisscrossing the country" means something very different when you're talking about a country of 30 million, as opposed to one with 300 million people. All this culminates with his appearance in The Great Global Warming Swindle, the ONEEVENT of which I spoke. (And note, I said little more than, not precisely equal to, ONEEVENT.) The truth is that there are no reliable, third party sources that cover his "life long work". The only usable reliable source is Hoggan, and using just that one source is bound to be problematic. As for the Montgomery article - seriously, it isn't really about Ball. And we can't really use much of what it says about Ball - his "suntanned dome", lack of fatigue or "folksy anecdotes". Nor can we use his bio to promote fringe theories.The simple fact is that there really isn't enough to write a bio. We can't use self published sources - those have been shown to be "unduly self-serving". Leave out his own words, leave out his career, leave out his achievements, and publish an article that in essence discusses whether or not he's a fraud? Have fun with that. Guettarda (talk) 05:43, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Various parts of that I'll agree with (or more accurately agree are reasonable views), but A) Montgemery's article is more than half about Ball--it's clearly a RS and clearly counts toward WP:N not to mention a great source for opinions by and about Ball. B) I don't see how a show can be ONEEVENT when he's clearly showing up in so many different sources. Maybe the show prompted all that, but RSes are certainly taking him seriously (well at least feeling is thoughts and ideas need to be addressed). Given this isn't someone shying away from the public eye, WP:BLP1E doesn't really apply in any case... Hobit (talk) 06:06, 9 January 2011 (UTC)No, more than half the Montgomery article isn't about Ball. Using the most generous definition possible, leaving in any paragraph that mentions Ball or is sandwiched between paragraphs that mention Ball, it's less than half. A more realistic (but still generous) assessment cuts it down to about a quarter. As for the "many different sources" - there really aren't many sources. Most of the sources used in the article are self published bios, either from Ball, from organisations he is associated with, or blurbs on things he wrote. Other than the Montgomery article (which is still a local story) everything else appears to be penumbra around that one event - his appearance in The Great Global Warming Swindle.The point is that WP:V requires significant coverage from multiple reliable sources. We have, arguably two reliable sources that provide substantial coverage. Yeah, if you want to split hairs, that's "multiple". But neither of the sources provides even the most basic information about Ball's life, his career, his achievements or accomplishments. Quite frankly, looking over what can be sourced, I suspect that a reliably sourced article would lack an indication of notability. In other words, we'd be in danger of ending up with a CSD A7. Guettarda (talk) 07:36, 9 January 2011 (UTC)OK, I sat down and counted, about 30 of about 70 paragraphs are about this guy, something around 1000 words or so. That's way past any kind of trivial mention--I'd go so far as to call it outstanding coverage. In addition we have a number of high-quality RSes that discuss him. The CBC has two short articles (typical for broadcast material), and we've got things in the Star etc. So we have two outstanding articles, and a whole bunch of reliable sources that add in. If this guy weren't in the middle of the climate debate but was, rather, in the middle of a debate about NASCAR injuries or something, we'd have an article on him. He's way above the bar for BLP in terms of sourcing, especially if you consider the reach of the sources involved--these aren't minor, local, bits of coverage. Hobit (talk) 13:46, 9 January 2011 (UTC)As I said, about a quarter of the 4000-word article. And when Montgomery talks about Ball, he talks about his appearance, his energy - sorts of things that are utterly useless for us. Beyond that, and the Hoggan book, what sources discuss Ball? The other RSs (two CBC news stories; one article from The Star; a Bloomberg story; a Telegraph story that's about the Great Global Warming Swindle...a single notable event that does not convey its notability to the people involved in it) tell us almost nothing about Ball and literally nothing that isn't in the first two sources. There are two sources that have substantial coverage of him. WP:BIO clearly says "multiple published secondary sources" - I can only think of one context where two counts as "multiple"...and it isn't "multiple sources":) As for the climate change issue - I think you're 180 off. The only reason anyone wants an article about him is to either for hagiography or debunking. And since both reliable sources debunk his claims, it's pretty clear which way a reliably sourced article would slant. Guettarda (talk) 16:10, 9 January 2011 (UTC)"Mr. Cool," the title of the article, refers specifically to Tim Ball. The rest of that article gives the context of his work.Furthermore, a full-sized color photo of him is on the cover. The article is most definitely about him. Yopienso (talk) 03:22, 10 January 2011 (UTC)The Great Global Warming Swindle was perhaps the pinnacle of Ball's denialist career, but was not a WP:ONEEVENT. It was broadcast not in little Canada but in the great United Kingdom. It was supremely notable. Ball continues his work through the Friends of Science and the Canada Free Press Speaker's Bureau and other skeptic organizations. Yopienso (talk) 23:09, 9 January 2011 (UTC)@NW: I would hate to see this closed without learning what points 1 and 3 are that I asked about two days ago, and without having the questions following that one addressed.Wrt to the comments just made,1. There already exists a basic article on Ball, and it's more than a stub. Stubs are allowed; there are many. But this is much more, and the Criticism part can become quite large. My understanding of our policies is that a person such as this should have a BLP because he is notable as a denier in the climate wars and we want to make that obvious. Due weight dictates the criticism part should be heavier than the denial argument.2. Ball has been covered by press both friendly and hostile.3. I think we've figured out the basics of Ball's career, which are not as he presents them. We should tell the public so. I know this is not admissible as a RS, but Prof. Danny Blair of the U. of Winnipeg responded to an email from me back in October,I believe the statement of Tim's employment reported here, in the Calgary Herald's statement of defence, is correct:http://www.desmogblog.com/tim-ball-vs-dan-johnson-lawsuit-documentsdI believe there are RSs that bear that out. (See footnotes 4 and 5 and other links and refs in the BLP. Yopienso (talk) 02:31, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Just to explain my "naked ref" or whatever we call it--I just copied and pasted what Dr. Blair sent to me. Also, we should remember that climate researchers are found in geography departments. Yopienso (talk) 06:51, 9 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] Recent discussions[edit] 2 January 2011[edit] iPad 2iPad 2 (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)Many editors have gotten it in their head that Apple must first acknowledge it's product before it is given an article. The iPad 2 has received substantial media coverage and meets the notability guidelines. Just because something is purely speculational doesn't mean it is not notable. This is true of articles like World War III, and Aurora (aircraft). Even if the undeletion of iPad 2 is not the outcome of this debate, I would still like this article to be unprotected or at least semi-protected.Marcus Qwertyus 07:47, 2 January 2011 (UTC)WP:CRYSTAL states inter alia Articles that present extrapolation, speculation, and "future history" are original research and therefore inappropriate. This is pretty much always going to be speculation and OR until Apple actually announces something.... The WWIII comparison is a prime example of comparing apples and pears. {excuse my humour}Spartaz Humbug! 08:33, 2 January 2011 (UTC)It is not original research when cited. I wish that policy were better worded. Marcus Qwertyus 08:36, 2 January 2011 (UTC)"The term "original research" refers to materialsuch as facts, allegations, ideas, and storiesnot already published by reliable sources." I have reworded the contradiction. Marcus Qwertyus 08:45, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Original research can include uninformed speculation too - especially if applied as fact when its clearly not verifiably accurate about the subject. If anything the article is misnamed as it would be better titled speculation about the Ipad2, since nothing is known for definite. Spartaz Humbug! 09:15, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Uninformed speculation? Where are you getting this? Is this policy or is this your opinion? Your opinion has no weight here. Marcus Qwertyus 09:24, 2 January 2011 (UTC)I would be careful about saying that. If opinions hold no weight in arguments, then there would be no need for discussion. Everything is based on opinion; that is why people disagree on interpretation of policy and such. /ETCHCOMMS/ 01:37, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Unprotect and permit writing the article. WP:CRSTAL does not apply once multiple major responsible sources have thought it appropriate to run stories. (This is the same nonsense that we have done in other cases; Wikipedia seems to be increasingly adopting a 6th Pillar, WP is an encyclopedia that hides its head in the sand, and will not admit the obvious--I find it unbelievable that there is not even a section on the ipad2 in the ipad article.) . If we follow the sources on what is notable, it works in both directions: we do not decide whether something is worth talking about--we decide on the basis of what the external world thinks. It is irresponsible not to give full coverage now --we judge by what the outside world thinks. Contra what has been said above, if there is sourced speculation it is not OR any more than sourced anything else, and such is the way to interpret the CRYSTAL rule, for rules are intended to be interpreted reasonably; what the rule reasonably must prohibit is the many attempted cases of an article based entirely on irresponsible speculation or guesswork as distinct from responsible speculation. At this point we could even have a full article on the speculation which is notable in its own right quite apart from the eventual product. I would not suggest going this route if it isn't necessary as the only way to get coverage, because it wouldbe better to keep the material together with the eventual outcome in the eventually complete article. Spartaz, surely you agree that we do not follow tihe wording of a rule when it does not meet the actual situation.. DGG ( talk ) 15:02, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Comment. I have however reverted the change in WP:NOT. Substantive changes in NOT need very wide general discussion, an that can not appropriately be done here. I am not going to tinker with basic rules to win a particular case without general consensus--and if we are going to change it, as I agree we should, we need to think what is the best wording. ) DGG ( talk ) 15:05, 2 January 2011 (UTC)endorse the original decision. I think the consensus was accurately read. However, with new information out, I see no problem with unprotection and allowing a new article to be created. Umbralcorax (talk) 19:54, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Unprotect and allow recreation per DGG, but if there's no section on the Ipad 2 in the Ipad article, then creating that as a section prior to spinout is an obvious first step. Jclemens (talk) 22:07, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Unprotect and allow recreation per DGG. There are enough secondary sources reporting on this. Just deciding content by what Apple announces, or doesn't announce, in relation to the iPad is relying too much on primary sources, which of course we try to avoid. As WP:NOR states: "Wikipedia articles should be based on reliable, published secondary sources and, to a lesser extent, on tertiary sources." --Oakshade (talk) 05:08, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse protection - We don't have separate articles for each iteration of the Kindle or other products. There's no reason to create a separate article for what is likely going to be a revision of the current model. If it were a completely different product (ie. iPod vs. iPod nano vs. iPod Touch etc.) I could understand it. But I see no need for an iPad 2 article at this time.  The Hand That Feeds You:Bite 23:16, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Maybe we should have separate articles for the Kindle. The difference between iterations of a product matters less than the coverage by reliable sources. Examples:M240 machine gun vs. FN MAG, M26 Pershing vs. M46 Patton. Marcus Qwertyus 23:36, 3 January 2011 (UTC)If comparisons to how we handle other articles about technology items are the valued, as it seems by you, then it should be noted that we have separate articles on iPhone (original), iPhone 3GS, iPhone 3G and iPhone 4. We do this because there are markedly different form factors and functionality, as reports regarding the iPad 2 will have. --Oakshade (talk) 02:15, 4 January 2011 (UTC)endorse close. neutral on protection. The AfD had to be closed as a redirect, that's just a given. I'd have!voted to keep, but there you are. I don't feel the AfD close prohibits a new article down the road so I'm not sure protection is the best way to go here. I've no doubt at all we'll have this article at somepoint... Hobit (talk) 04:07, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Unprotect and allow recreation. I think we're justifiably cautious about future products in general, as opening that door too wide would lead to all manner of undesirable activity (spam, fan speculation, NDA-breaking, industrial espionage, etc.), but the iPad is notable enough that both the teach press and mainstream media will be covering its development in detail. Wikipedia should reflect this, though we should also be especially careful about sourcing so as not to veer too far into speculation or rumour. Andrew Lenahan - Starblind 04:15, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse redirection and protection The AfD was closed fine as the consensus was to redirect. Anyone can make an iPad 2 section on the iPad article. There is no reason to reverse the AfD result one week later. The arguments about the coverage are unconvincing to me because they are too all speculation and many from unreliable sources. This seems to be routine Apple-rumors coverage. Unprotect the page when solid info comes out or it is not all just the same old rumors from phony photos. /ETCHCOMMS/ 18:59, 4 January 2011 (UTC)There is no problem with covering rumors.This article provides secondary coverage of the rumors. Marcus Qwertyus 20:34, 4 January 2011 (UTC)::There is no problem with covering rumors.This article provides secondary coverage of the rumors. Marcus Qwertyus 20:34, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Um, no, there is a problem with covering these rumors, because there's really no backing behind any of them. WWIII has an article is because it's actually been something that governments have taken action on. The spirit of WP:CRYSTAL is embodied in this sentence: "Articles that present extrapolation, speculation, and "future history" are original research and therefore inappropriate. While scientific and cultural norms continually evolve, we must wait for this evolution to happen, rather than try to predict it." There is no point in keeping an article around on something that a. has received only routine rumor coverage in blogs, rumor sites; b. these rumors have been routinely covered, as with all Apple rumors, in a very small number of actually reliable secondary sources; c. is completely speculation. AKA, there is no hard proof that the iPad 2 is what it is. An article on it would be "The iPad 2 is the expected successor to the Apple iPad. Nothing is currently known about it, but [site X] reports [rumors], which [site Y] claims to have photos showing [purported cameras et al.]." The difference between this and the Aurora is the fact that purported government spy planes do not pop up in the news every day, while rumors about gadgets and such do. For example, here's a list of things Apple may or may not release, a prediction of a TV release, a speculative timeline x 2, and even a supposed new jailbreaking domain. None of these are more than regular old rumors and should not have Wikipedia articles. As I said before, a small "Future development" section on the main iPad article should be enough to say "nothing for sure", "widely expected to launch in April", and "photos of purported device leaked in December". /ETCHCOMMS/ 21:57, 4 January 2011 (UTC)As I said before, "original research refers to material not already published by reliable sources". It is not crystalballing to report material already published by reliable sources. Marcus Qwertyus 22:23, 4 January 2011 (UTC)No, you're now confusing WP:CRYSTAL with WP:OR. It clearly says, "Articles that present extrapolation, speculation, and "future history" are original research and therefore inappropriate. While scientific and cultural norms continually evolve, we must wait for this evolution to happen, rather than try to predict it. Of course, we do and should have articles about notable artistic works, essays, or credible research that embody predictions." Its certainly says something about the speculative nature of the article in that the source you mentioned is a listing of rumors when nothing have come of them. What is more important in WP:CRYSTAL, though, is that "the subject matter must be of sufficiently wide interest that it would merit an article if the event had already occurred," and there is no indication that the iPad 2 meets this criteria. The coverage of the iPad 2 presented does not show anything more than routine coverage of a persistent pattern of Apple rumors, almost none of which are currently of sufficiently wide interest to merit and article, something I have repeatedly said and you have repeatedly failed to address. /ETCHCOMMS/ 01:35, 5 January 2011 (UTC)No, you're now confusing Wikipedia articles with reliable sources. While Wikipedia articles that present extrapolation, speculation, and "future history" are original research and therefore inappropriate, iPad2 reliable sources that present extrapolation, speculation, and "future history" provide sweet, sweet material for the iPad2 Wikipedia article. -- Uzma Gamal (talk) 14:41, 5 January 2011 (UTC)No, they don't. Because the resulting Wikipedia article is still presenting the same speculation. Unless somehow being published in USA Today makes a rumor not a rumor? But again, my point about WP:NOTNEWS and routine coverage has still not been addressed. I suppose that's because it's a valid reason in keeping the page salted for now? /ETCHCOMMS/ 03:08, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Unprotect and allow recreation per DGG. This is just another example of Wikipedia arrogantly trying to dictate what those outside Wikipedia should be doing: "Apple must first acknowledge it's product before it is given an article," "the iProduct hasn't been formally announced by Apple", "Apple's product naming may not be as expected". Yet, if Apple were the only ones who wrote about its iPad 2 product, we all would be screaming delete, insufficient coverage in secondary sources. Here, the reliable secondary sources have provided plenty of material for an article on the topic but because they didn't write what Wikipedia believes they should have written about, we're gonna show 'em that we are superior to them and deny an article on the topic. Yes, Wikipedia's horse has grown high, so it is even more important that we Wikipedians get off and stay off that horse and get back to the job of conveying information from reliable sources. -- Uzma Gamal (talk) 14:41, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Could you elaborate on how this "plenty of material" would not result in an article that is completely speculation, and how this material is more than routine news coverage of rumored Apple products, something that (if you keep up with tech blogs) pops up every several weeks? In addition, are you saying that we should be able to have articles on all such unconfirmed (which is not any criteria in itself) products that have simply popped up as "possible" in reliable sources? If so, do create an article on iPod Touch 5G and iPhone 5 per [15] [16] [17]. /ETCHCOMMS/ 03:08, 6 January 2011 (UTC)3,040 news articles on the iPad 2 in the past 24 hours is not routine coverage. Each generation of iPhone traditionally releases later than the iPad so it isn't quite notable yet. Marcus Qwertyus 03:27, 6 January 2011 (UTC)An all of those are RS? No, most are passing mentions focusing more on competitors (Motorola just released some stuff) and tech blogs. In addition, the extra hype is due to CES. You must be very careful in saying "X hits on Google = notable". Nor is the release date anything you should be worrying about if your own argument holds true. It has coverage, right? So it doesn't matter how speculative it is, because the coverage exists? That's what you've been saying; if you can't apply it to the iPhone 5 in the same situation, I don't see how that makes sense? /ETCHCOMMS/ 16:31, 6 January 2011 (UTC)The redirect positions at Afd have misapplied policy with unsupported conclusions and the keep positions were the stronger argument. Consensus is that multiple major responsible sources have thought it appropriate to run stories on the topic. We agree that Wikipedia is not a crystal ball addresses only unverifiable speculation: "Wikipedia is not a collection of unverifiable speculation." Per Wikipedia:Verifiability, "The threshold for inclusion in Wikipedia is verifiability, not truth; that is, whether readers can check that material in Wikipedia has already been published by a reliable source, not whether editors think it is true." Early on, Jimmy Wales excluded sourced speculative information from removal of speculative information,[18] and Verifiability policy and CRYSTAL policy have carried that forward. In support of those policies, Wikipedia has Category:Articles containing predictions or speculation dedicated to predictions or speculation. It's not the job of Wikipedian's to hold their nose up towards the decisions of reliable sources. Moreover, consensus is not determined by counting heads, but by looking at strength of argument. Repeating "it's Crystal" at AfD is not an argument, it is a conclusion, and there is no basis to give that unsupported conclusion weight as an argument, particularly since they confused Wikipedia speculation with Wikipedia articles about notable, verifable speculation. On the last point, no one at AfD argued routine news reporting on things like announcements, sports, or celebrities and DRV isn't the place to bring it up for the first time. -- Uzma Gamal (talk) 13:03, 6 January 2011 (UTC)You will note that Category:Articles containing predictions or speculation comes from {{crystal}}, a tag indicating a problem. The category is dedicated to listing articles that someone thinks violates WP:CRYSTAL. WP:CRYSTAL says "It is appropriate to report discussion and arguments about the prospects for success of future proposals and projects or whether some development will occur, if discussion is properly referenced." This can easily be discussed in the iPad article, and is more appropriate than a standalone article which states only prospects and whether development will occur. The issue I see with your last bit is, consensus was clearly to redirect the page. This DRV seems to be more about saying "No, it's now OK to recreate the article" not "the AfD was wrongly closed". At that time, there was really no alternative to closing as keep; you'll see that the few keep arguments are not very strong, either. "There is definitely enough press coverage to be notable" is very broad and does not say why the press coverage is more than routine, Terrenceandphillip's point was addressed by others, and "Articles on future events are not chrystalballing as long as they don't have original research not published by reliable sources" is what is being discussed now, here. If the AfD had been closed as "keep", that would be injecting a supervote. This discussion has been branching out to "why should be unprotect it now, just a few weeks after the AfD?" Because we've started off with the argument of "there is new coverage" and thus a new argument against that here, now. If we're to focus solely on the AfD, then should we not disregard the claim that there is now adequate coverage? Nowe need consensus on the appropriateness of restarting the article. Actually I'm not even sure why this is at DRV right now; I thought these were handled by talk page consensus as obviously the redirect decision would be reversed when the arguments of the AfD were no longer valid to a new article (which I see no one has started). So to clarify, and I've sort of been rambling, a. If we focus solely on the AfD decision, then the redirect consensus is appropriate; b. Anyone can write about the iPad 2 in the iPad article now; c. If someone wants to submit an actual iPad 2 draft for discussion at Talk:iPad or Talk:iPad 2, and consensus is that the CRYSTAL issues raised at the AfD have been resolved, etc. it should be OK. /ETCHCOMMS/ 16:52, 6 January 2011 (UTC)The AfD redirect positions did not rebut the fact that readers can check that material in Wikipedia has already been published by a reliable source so the Wikipedia material is Wikipedia verifiable per Verifiability. Wikipedia is not a crystal ball addresses only unverifiable speculation: "Wikipedia is not a collection of unverifiable speculation." Since the AfD redirect positions omitted Whikpedia's application of "unverifiable" from the crystal/speculation analysis and focused on truth, their position was not ground in NOT policy and the article should be unprotect and recreation allowed. -- Uzma Gamal (talk) 15:08, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse protection per Fetchcomms. I'll reiterate my argument from the original discussion. The topic is inherently unverifiable. We don't provide encyclopedic coverage of speculation because you must conduct original research to evaluate the so-called secondary sources. (In fact they're primary sources if they're pure speculation.) That's why WP:CRYSTALBALL: speculation doesn't get encyclopedic coverage, even if it's printed in what are normally reliable sources. The HuffPo article is a reliable secondary source covering reliable primary sources. Sources like that should be cited in a section at iPad, until the content outgrows that section. --Pnm (talk) 23:45, 23 December 2010 (UTC)Comment: iPad (original) appears to be a redundant content fork. The edit summary says "greenlit at DR." I don't get it. --Pnm (talk) 06:42, 7 January 2011 (UTC)The fact that the center of the earth is a molten mass of magma is also inherently unverifiable. Now, have you seen anyone running around removing the speculation? It is Wikipedia's job to be a perfect mirror of reliable sources. Marcus Qwertyus 09:10, 7 January 2011 (UTC)If that's really true, we've been speculating about it since the 18th century. Why not write a great, referenced summary of the iPad 2 speculation at Wikinews? It could probably meet WP:ELYES. --Pnm (talk) 17:34, 7 January 2011 (UTC)I find that extremely misleading, Marcusif Wikipedia is to be a perfect mirror of reliable sources, the threshold for inclusion would be one reliable source, not significant coverage in reliable sources. In addition, if that is so, why did you state above that every "generation of iPhone traditionally releases later than the iPad so it isn't quite notable yet" even though the iPhone 5 has, as I demonstrated above, also been covered in independent sources and publications? It seems like you're contradicting yourself now. /ETCHCOMMS/ 22:16, 7 January 2011 (UTC)A):It is create protectedB):I haven't got the time or energy to deal with another AfD and subsequent deletion review. Marcus Qwertyus 23:29, 8 January 2011 (UTC)But you do think it deserves an article? And you thus retract your earlier statement that it is not yet notable? /ETCHCOMMS/ 04:11, 9 January 2011 (UTC)It's borderline but yeah, I think so. Same could be said for the Verizon iPhone which has every year garnered speculation and this year appears to be true. Marcus Qwertyus 05:06, 9 January 2011 (UTC)Thank you for clarifying; I would disagree but that's for another discussion. /ETCHCOMMS/ 20:09, 9 January 2011 (UTC)[edit] Transformers: Timelines (closed)Transformers: Timelines  Clearly endorsed.  Spartaz Humbug! 04:16, 8 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.Transformers: Timelines (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)Article got deleted immediately as I was adding a great new source. Tomart's Action Figure Digest, No. 164 did a cover story on the 2008 Transformers Timelines toy set. You can see the cover here: http://www.tfw2005.com/transformers-news/conventions-15/botcon-2008-shattered-glass-box-art-revealed-164648/ Mathewignash (talk) 01:49, 2 January 2011 (UTC)I'm amazed that after this article was deleted at AfD twice in quick succession, you want to DRV this again because you've found a new source in the form of a story in Tomart's Action Figure Digest.S Marshall T/C 01:58, 2 January 2011 (UTC)What can be a more notable source for a toy line than a cover story in a toy magazine?  Preceding unsigned comment added by Mathewignash (talk  contribs)Endorse deletion and I will WP:SALT to prevent this continuing refusal to accept consensus. Guy (Help!) 10:20, 2 January 2011 (UTC)WP:DEADHORSE - Running back here with every new potential source is seldom useful and can be counterproductive at some point this becomes disruptive and that never ends well. It's hard to tell from the link you've got what sort of coverage is included, but hoping that each and every source discovered will push us over the line is not helpful. If you have that magaizine (or can get hold of a copy) and it provides indepth coverage, then that with any other source you find should be used to work on a userspace draft, only when that is up to a good standard should it be bought back here. At the moment you risk getting this listed at WP:DEEPER --82.7.40.7 (talk) 10:30, 2 January 2011 (UTC)That's acceptable. I ordered that magazine on ebay last night. If someone wants to restore the article to my userspace, I will add it and any others I can find. I won't bother with asking to get it restored until I can find a half dozen notable third party sources that pass as notable to the Reliable Sources Noticeboard. In the meantime can we have Transformers: Timelines simply redirect to the Transformers toy line page? Is this acceptable? Mathewignash (talk) 13:01, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse and list at WP:DEEPER. This is getting ridiculous. T. Canens (talk) 12:07, 2 January 2011 (UTC)The redirect is, however, a reasonable and appropriate request that we should consider favourably.S Marshall T/C 13:39, 2 January 2011 (UTC)I'd agree with that. Install the redirect and restore the page to my userspace, and you can close this request, as I get this and more sources approved on the Reliable Sources Noticeboard. Mathewignash (talk) 14:45, 2 January 2011 (UTC)"Tomart's Action Figure Digest" looks more like a simple pricing guide, like what I used to buy when I wanted to see how much my Fleer Don Mattingly rookie card was worth, back in the day.  Preceding unsigned comment added by Tarc (talk  contribs)When I get the magazine in the mail I can provide a detailed review of what it mentions. Looking online for article scans, they DO do actual editorial articles for toy lines, like this: http://www.auctiva.com/hostedimages/showimage.aspx?gid=400211&ppid=1122&image=296403264&images=296402717,296402758,296402812,296402868,296402986,296403264,296403328,296403412,296403515,296403604&formats=0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0&format=0 Mathewignash (talk) 15:02, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Just to be clear the reliable source noticeboard doesn't approve sources, they'll give an opinion as to if they are reliable but that's not approving them. A source which is reliable also may not meet the other requirements. It's a good start to run it past the noticeboard, but don't take it as an approval. --82.7.40.7 (talk) 18:21, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Yes, but when I get a half dozen that they approve, I'd think it would be legitimate to ask that the article be considered for them. People can still say no then. Mathewignash (talk) 19:31, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse and seriously consider salting. Consensus has twice been to delete the article, within the space of a few weeks. 22:13, 2 January 2011 (UTC)  Preceding unsigned comment added by Reyk (talk  contribs)I already said I'd accept a redirect while I get more sources. No need to salt it. If it does get more sources in the future, then there should be no bias against giving it an article. Mathewignash (talk) 22:23, 2 January 2011 (UTC)List of minor Transformers comics may be a good redirect destination. The comics do seem minor, since it's an annual series. By the way, I'm not quite sure how many sources could actually work for a TF Timelines article. This for example can't work to prove that a Shattered Glass Cyclonus was released as part of Timelines, since it doesn't use the word Timelines. A lot of sources didn't use the word Timelines, so I don't think they would have worked. If you have one source that says "BotCon toys from 2005 onward are part of Timelines" and another that says "the BotCon 2010 set was called Generation Two: Redux", an article cannot use those to say that Generation Two: Redux is a Timelines set. That would fall under the ratchets are gadgets kind of original research. So yeah, any source that doesn't use the word "Timelines" might not work for a Transformers: Timelines article. NotARealWord (talk) 07:27, 3 January 2011 (UTC)I don't think you need a third party source explaining that something is a part of "timelines" when the primary source says so. The INSTRUCTIONS say "Timelines", the box says "Timelines". http://www.battlegrip.com/?p=17012 http://www.fast-autos.net/diecast-cars-models/TRANSFORMERS-CLUB-TFCC-SHATTERED-GLASS-CYCLONUS-NEW_260705017607.html Just because the review didn't picture the box is no reason to ignore it. That would be like saying if a review didn't actually mention the first name of then author of a book I can't mention it in the wikipedia article, when I can SEE the author's name on the book cover I have! Mathewignash (talk) 10:34, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Ahem, those sources put in the article still weren't really usable. The toy packagin says "Timelines", but not the sources you used. This is not about wether or not it' verifiable which toys are part of Timelines, it's about how it cannot be verified with the references you used. NotARealWord (talk) 19:46, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Yes primary sources can be used for non-controversial facts such as this. WP:NOR - "A primary source may only be used on Wikipedia to make straightforward, descriptive statements that any educated person, with access to the source but without specialist knowledge, will be able to verify are supported by the source." the packaging describing it as part of the timelines series would easily fall into that. --82.7.40.7 (talk) 12:36, 3 January 2011 (UTC)We have explained this to NotARealWord many times, he seems to hold steadfast to the belief that all sources in an article MUST be "reliable third party sources", and anything else is to be ignored and deleted. I have yet to convince him there is a difference between a source used to prove a subject is notable and a source simply used to prove a statement on that page. Many simple statements on a Wikipedia page are from primary sources and are completely acceptable. It's a simple provable fact which toys are "Timelines" toys from primary sources. Once we know which ones are Timelines toys all the "reliable third party" reviews of those toys are indeed reviews of Timelines. Mathewignash (talk) 21:10, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Again, you accuse me of something. Where have I ever shown "steadfast to the belief that all sources in an article MUST be "reliable third party sources""? Earlier, you accuse me of hatin Timelines itself. NotARealWord (talk) 16:44, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Erm, No,they are reviews of the individual toys still, they aren't reviews of the collective. We'd need to be careful about the weighting we give as general interest in the collective. This really depends on how the article is written and structured titling it Timelines and covering multiple toys which each have a few good references should be fine, using a few good references about a particular toy and extrapolating that to coverage of the whole series is probably taking it too far. --82.7.40.7 (talk) 22:13, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse and topic ban Mathewignash next time he puts Transformers stuff up for DRV. Enough is enough. Andrew Lenahan - Starblind 03:58, 4 January 2011 (UTC)It does seem that Mathewignash has mostly been frustrating during his time at the Transformers Wikiproject. See here for example. I don't know if he deserves a topic ban, though. Although, he is acting pretty much as one of the sockpuppets pointed out/predicted. Plus, him being difficult over here has apparently led him to being banned elsewhere. But, maybe this comment of mine is gettin dangerously close to commenting on a contributor at an inappropriate place. NotARealWord (talk) 16:59, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Oh, it's much worse than just that. His shenanigans have actually made TF fans think less of wikipedia as a reliable information source, see here for an example. Myself and a number of others have tried being patient with him, even after his sockpuppet incident, but if anything he's gotten worse. Let's face it, he's been here since January 2006, if he hasn't figured out what Wikipedia is all about in 5 YEARS there's no reason in particular to imagine the next week or so will be any different. Andrew Lenahan - Starblind 18:18, 4 January 2011 (UTC)By "him", you mean Mathewignash, right? NotARealWord (talk) 18:32, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Yes. There's not a whole lot of ambiguity there: "[Wikipedia is] a place for Matthew Ignash to spread his fanon and inane assumptions... It's why Teletraan I is such a better source for TF information." Yikes. Andrew Lenahan - Starblind 19:05, 4 January 2011 (UTC)If you continue to read that same page the next user says "In all fairness, that crap was from The Matrix Prime . Interrobang 16:53, 17 April 2008 (UTC)". This page was making a complaint about an edit The Matrix Prime made, and mistook me for making it! Now you are using it as proof that I am disrupting wikipedia? I'm the one who removed the edit The Matrix Prime made that was disruptive.Mathewignash (talk) 20:08, 4 January 2011 (UTC)My goodness, man. It's not about one edit or even one article, nor is it about what toy robot is a clone of what other toy robot. It's a pattern of poor behaviour on your part that stretches back half a decade. You've been on Wikipedia longer than a number of admins and arbitrators and yet still like to pretend you have no idea what goes in an encyclopedia or what a reliable source is. Again: enough is enough. Andrew Lenahan - Starblind 22:01, 4 January 2011 (UTC)It is about who edited what if you are going to point to a post where it says I'm disruptive, and in that post the editor MISTOOK someone else for me! I'm now responsible for other people's disruptions? Also, I'm a bit disappointed in you using tfwiki as a SOURCE. You should know better. Mathewignash (talk) 22:05, 4 January 2011 (UTC)And I suppose you getting banned from the Transformers Wikia was yet another tragic case of mistaken identity then? Andrew Lenahan - Starblind 22:17, 4 January 2011 (UTC)No, it's a case of a feud between me and the guy who owns it. I didn't realize good standing on every fan wiki was a requirement for editing Wikipedia. Mathewignash (talk) 23:31, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Well, you're ban over there is a result from stuff you did over at this wiki. (The feud was against this guy, in case anybody's wondering).Yes, David says he blocked me for disagreeing with his posts on Wikipedia, mostly on formatting rules like calling Unicron a Decepticon. Where is the Wilipedia rule against disagreeing with David again? Anyways, he went out and started his own wiki so he could make his own article about Unicron. and on it he currently has it formatted the way I wanted, because I was right and his own members put it that way. Funny huh? According to his own admins he's a jerk who likes to ban people for disagreeing with him (I am not the only one!), but they put up with him because he owns the server that tfwiki runs on.Mathewignash (talk) 20:08, 5 January 2011 (UTC)Ignash's talk page on TFWiki, in case anybody wants to know more about that issue.I could comment further on wether or not David Willis is "a jerk who likes to ban people for disagreeing with him" as Ignash mentioned, but thi is getting too off-topic. NotARealWord (talk) 17:32, 7 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse, salt, and give the nominator homework of reading WP:RS fully. Stifle (talk) 09:43, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Let's not overreact. We have had over a HUNDRED Transformers articles get deleted. I've tried to save maybe 4 with deletion reviews. I'm happy with the suggestion NotARealWorld suggested of redirecting it to List of minor Transformers comics. Mathewignash (talk) 10:41, 4 January 2011 (UTC)By the way, that magazine there was published a few weeks before the toy on the cover was released. I don't think they could have given much coverage to something that wasn't available yet. NotARealWord (talk) 16:59, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Request to close - NotARealWord has suggested that I add Transfomerms: Timelines to the List of minor Transformers comics page. I accept this, so I no longer want to see Transformers: Timelines restored. No need for my request to review the deletion any more. Thanks. (This is user Mathewignash, posting from work.)198.51.174.5 (talk) 16:31, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Note: The deleted article has now been userfied at User:Mathewignash/Transformers: Timelines. NotARealWord (talk) 19:24, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Hmmm, The deletion of Transformers: Timelines has been noticed by one of the Fun Publications people. NotARealWord (talk) 21:24, 7 January 2011 (UTC)The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.[edit] 1 January 2011[edit] 31 December 2010Kinuyo Yamashita  deleted article userfied for improvement  JohnCD (talk) 15:31, 6 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.Kinuyo Yamashita (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)For review: User:Pkeets/Kinuyo YamashitaI'm writing bios on women composers and I have primary sources that I could add. Rather than re-invent the wheel, I'd like to use what was there already. Primary sources are not that difficult to find for her. Thanks. Pkeets (talk) 17:20, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn delete. The AfD looks like it should have been a "no consensus" close anyway. --Metropolitan90 (talk) 17:30, 31 December 2010 (UTC)I've posted a new revision at User:Pkeets/Kinuyo Yamashita for review. Pkeets (talk) 18:07, 31 December 2010 (UTC)For the book references (#1, 3-4), you need to include page numbers so people can easily look them up. ?    Talk to Nihonjoe  Join WikiProject Japan! 17:46, 1 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn. I remember this as a very controversial deletion and think that the subject is notable. Some biographical information is covered in the 1UP.com article by Jeremy Parish, there are interviews with her ([19], [20]  the latter from a blog) and she is also mentioned (sometimes in passing) in reliable sources ([21], [22], [23]). Prime Blue (talk) 03:36, 1 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn as she seems notable. The list of her credits on jawiki is pretty long. ?    Talk to Nihonjoe  Join WikiProject Japan! 17:46, 1 January 2011 (UTC)If the new article is a substantial improvement over the one that was the subject of the AfD discussion, just move it into the mainspace. There is no need to review the previous deletion decision. However, if it's the article in your userspace that you intend to move, the external links section should be fixed first. Would you consider withdrawing this deletion review to follow this suggestion instead? --Bsherr (talk) 19:51, 2 January 2011 (UTC)I was advised at the help desk to pursue a deletion review before attempting to post a new article of any kind on this person. I'm proposing to copy the main part of the revision from my user space into a reinstated article. I've copied the article from Google cache to revise it, and the "external links" were inactive there. If the old article is reinstated, presumably the links will be live. Reinstatment also has the advantage of restoring the history. Since I've only revised the article, the history should reflect this. Pkeets (talk) 20:15, 4 January 2011 (UTC)It would be better for WP:A if the old article were properly userfied to you. Could an administrator please userfy the deleted artile to Pkeets? Pkeets, please then make the edits to the userfied article, and when you're ready, move it back into the mainspace. It may be nominated for deletion again (discussion), but, provided the article is a significant improvement over the previous article, it cannot be speedily deleted. --Bsherr (talk) 19:14, 5 January 2011 (UTC)I asked about the user option before posting the article for review here, but was told that I couldn't have a copy of the article because I hadn't contributed to it before it was deleted. I've got a proposed revision posted. What's wrong with having the deletion review now? Pkeets (talk) 00:30, 6 January 2011 (UTC)The deletion review is unnecessary per WP:RECREATE; you're allowed to recreate the article. If you used content from the deleted article for the article in your user space, that content needs to be properly attributed to its actual authors, per WP:CWW and WP:A. So, the deleted article needs to be restored to you, you need to make your revisions in that version, and then that version can be moved back into the article space. (If you recreated the article from scratch, and didn't copy any previous content, this doesn't apply; let me know if this is so.) --Bsherr (talk) 05:24, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Again, the version in my user space is a REVISED version of the previous article with added primary sources. I have NOT recreated it from scratch. It would be plagiarism to move this revision into article space and represent it as my work, so I need to use the actual article with the edit history attached. I have no way to attribute the work to the original authors without the edit history. I have posted the request here for a deletion review so I can have access to the article (previously denied), and so it will not be immediately nominated again for deletion when I move it into article space. The consensus above seems to be reversal of the deletion. Do you have some substantive objection to that, or are you just wondering how the process should be handled? Pkeets (talk) 06:10, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Right, so, could an administrator please userfy the deleted article to Pkeets, so Pkeets can make revisions and move it into the main space again? --Bsherr (talk) 07:40, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Y Done. JohnCD (talk) 15:09, 6 January 2011 (UTC)The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.[edit] 30 December 2010ChiZine Publications  Allow recreation with sources. This is neither an endorse nor relist nor overturn. The "endorse"!voters do not address the speediness of the deletion well, and the "overturn"!voters are clearly in the minority. Normally I would let this go to AfD, but it would seem counterproductive since a draft has already been created.  King of     09:21, 7 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.ChiZine Publications (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)This article was deleted claiming "A7. No indication of importance (individuals, animals, organizations, web content)." This article is about a publishing company and presents two instances -- producing a book trailer directed by a notable filmaker and putting on an academic conference -- that indicate why it is important.There are plenty of publishing companies on Wikipedia with less information.This deletion was done without any discussion I can find. I tried to add whatever content I could, but am new to Wikipedia. If I have been told specifically to add outside sources, or list more details, or something, I would have.The Admin has refused to undelete the page himself. Eroomtam (talk) 23:36, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse my deletion. So where is the revised draft with outside sources?  RHaworth(talk contribs) 23:43, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Comment - It is my understanding that if I reposted the article, even with revisions, it would be deleted again, and I need to go through this undelete process. Are you saying if I repost the article with outside sources, you will NOT delete it again? (I am really trying to understand the process here, so direct and specific directions would be appreciated.) Eroomtam (talk) 23:45, 30 December 2010 (UTC)EroomtamA draft of a deleted article belongs in what's called "userspace". There is already such an article in your own userspace here: User:Eroomtam/ChiZine Publications. I think RHaworth expects that version to be revised.S Marshall T/C 00:10, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Thanks for being specific S Marshall. That version in my user space was a draft I created. However, at that time the drop down arrow in the nav for Move wasn't there (checked in three browsers, three computers, logged in & out and it just wasn't there). So, not knowing what else to do, I copied this draft into the main space, kept editing and published an expanded version. So, please do not judge the page by this very old draft. I'll take the final, deleted text and work from that.Eroomtam (talk) 14:19, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Please, you mustn't copy-paste on Wikipedia, because it disturbs the article history, which is necessary for attribution. Wikipedia:Moving a page will provide you guidance on how to move a page when the tool to do so yourself isn't available. --Bsherr (talk) 16:06, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Keep deleted until actual outside sources are provided. Stifle (talk) 09:04, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn A7 speedy deletion - A7 Indication of importance in the article: ChiZine Publications involved major filmmakers in their projects and "few publishers had previously involved major filmmakers in their projects." -- Uzma Gamal (talk) 16:00, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse deletion. I don't think producing a book trailer is enough to demonstrate significance/importance. Perhaps to the trailer itself, perhaps to the director, but not to the producer. The conference may demonstrate significance/importance of itself, but not its sponsor. The page creator should seek to comply with Wikipedia:Notability (organizations and companies) in working on a draft in userspace. --Bsherr (talk) 16:06, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse deletion of self-evidently promotional article by user whose name, "eroomtam", is the name of the subject's marketing manager spelled backwards. Consider me not fooled. Guy (Help!) 10:18, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn speedy and list at AFD. Publishing books/works by notable authors is generally how publishers achieve notability, and the article includes credible claims to that effect. Whether those claims are sufficient to establish notability is a determination reserved for the community. Hullaballoo Wolfowitz (talk) 22:03, 2 January 2011 (UTC)The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.Jason Upton  moot as article recreated, without prejudice to starting a new deletion review if this outcome is insufficient; nonadministrator close  Bsherr (talk) 16:10, 31 December 2010 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.Jason Upton (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)I have improved the article, made sure it met the notability standards(distribution by majors labels and independent media coverage) and sourced it. It was userfied here.Cgadbois (talk) 04:20, 30 December 2010 (UTC)If the article differs substantially from the article that was the subject of the deletion discussion, there is no need to seek review of the deletion discussion. Simply move the new article into the namesapce at the appropriate title by following the instructions at Wikipedia:Moving a page. Do you consent to withdrawing the deletion review? --Bsherr (talk) 22:29, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Just did it myself. As I said, because it's improved, it can't be speedy deleted under criterion G4, but, if there's cause and desire, someone can reconsider it for deletion. Have a nice day. --Bsherr (talk) 22:47, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Restore The Christianity today article is a RS and, in connection with the other sources, proves notability DGG ( talk ) 22:41, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Concur with DGG--Christianity Today is a major RS, and CBN is reasonable too, pushing him over the threshold into notability, though not by a whole lot. Jclemens (talk) 05:44, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Close, moved back to mainspace, not liable to G4, no DRV needed. Stifle (talk) 09:08, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Close, per Stifle. -- Uzma Gamal (talk) 16:04, 31 December 2010 (UTC)The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.Kayla Carrera  List on AfD. If we're debating whether she meets WP:PORNBIO (i.e. notability), then she should at least pass the lower standard of assertion of significance/importance.  King of     09:23, 7 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.Kayla Carrera (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)Speedy Restore. Passes WP:PORNBIO, because she won an AVN Award. Links: IMBD & AVN Awards site. --Hixteilchen (talk) 20:36, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn deletion. Subject meets importance/significance standard based on the award. --Bsherr (talk) 22:31, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse A7 but allow recreation The AVN award was not mentioned in the deleted version, so the A7 nominator and deleting admin made a reasonable evaluation based on what was in the article when it was evaluated. Having said that, a future version should include a clear statement of notability, clearly referenced because of the BLP concerns regarding the nature of the notability. Jclemens (talk) 05:46, 31 December 2010 (UTC)The cache has expired. I'd like to revise my opinion based on viewing the article. Could an administrator temporarily restore the article for purposes of the deletion review, employing {{TempUndelete}}? --Bsherr (talk) 16:13, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse deletion and keep deleted. Technically passing "PORNBIO" is not sufficient. I can't find any substantive, in-depth sources on her. Especially for a BLP on a potentially controversial issue, but also in general, passing a notability subguideline does not relieve the requirement to pass the primary one, it just indicates it's more likely you might. One weak source ("rabbitsreviews.com") is nowhere near sufficient. Seraphimblade Talk to me 12:23, 1 January 2011 (UTC)There are rules on Wikipedia, she clearly passes WP:PORNBIO (Award), and also you Seraphimblade should accept this! So if I cant trust in written relevance criteria in what then? I would also write a new article, if you send me the old version on my user site. --Hixteilchen (talk) 21:26, 1 January 2011 (UTC)PORNBIO is an additional criteria, the additional criteria sections says:People are generally notable if they meet any of the following standards. Failure to meet these criteria is not conclusive proof that a subject should not be included; conversely, meeting one or more does not guarantee that a subject should be included.so no meeting that criteria isn't an inclusion guarantee. --82.7.40.7 (talk) 22:00, 1 January 2011 (UTC)But winning an award is no exclusion criteria, too. So it should be possible to write a new article. --Hixteilchen (talk) 00:32, 2 January 2011 (UTC)We don't tend to have exclusion criteria and I'm making no judgement as to if an article meeting all the required standards is possible, the point is as User:Seraphimblade said the secondary criteria are and indication they may meet the standards, not a promise that they do. Therefore it's not unreasonable to look at substantive issue such as WP:BLP to determine if an article is appropriate or not. --82.7.40.7 (talk) 10:34, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse. Nominator does not challenge correctness of original deletion. Article subject has not won a notable award. Subject was one of fifteen performers appearing in a scene which received an awarded, which the awarding agency explicitly characterizes as not being an award for performers. Seraphimblade's point is also quite sound. Hullaballoo Wolfowitz (talk) 21:59, 2 January 2011 (UTC)I'm gonna have to pull out a [citation needed] tag on that statement. According to AVN Award the award is "awarded to performer(s) in a scene." Do you have a source that "explicitly characterizes" otherwise? -- RoninBK T C 08:53, 6 January 2011 (UTC)That doesnt count. The AVN Award is a notable award. Hullaballoo Wolfowitz we all know you want no porn in wikipedia as you have shown often. Even if its a Group Scene, every actor gets an award! --Hixteilchen (talk) 23:12, 3 January 2011 (UTC)The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.Ark (Transformers)  Relist at AfD. AS a general trend, DRVs of old AfDs tend not to be very productive, and this is no exception. Rather than relisting this DRV and continuing to discuss a moot point, it's best to give it another run.  King of     09:30, 7 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.Ark (Transformers) (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)The book "Totally Tubular 80's Toys" by Mark Bellomo has a page 112 talking about the Autobot ship Ark and how it got the Autobots to earth in the classic series.It's talked about in: "Transformers: an adult primer // Here's help understanding toy robots, the latest rage", Chicago Sun-Times; December 16, 1986; by Patricia Smith. The author gets parents up to date on the story of the Transformers, including what the Ark is.'Transformers' coming to save planet Earth, summer cinema University Wire; July 2, 2007; by Michelle Castillo, the author complains about how they left the Ark out of the 2007 Transformers movie.This clearly helps establish notability in three reliable sources. Mathewignash (talk) 02:48, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse close. Such information can be added to List of Transformers spacecraft, which is where Ark (Transformers) redirects. Abductive (reasoning) 08:57, 30 December 2010 (UTC)That's not really the point. ANY source I mention COULD be added to the list article. The question here is about the Ark (Transformers) article that was deleted because it lacked any reliable third party sources. I produced three reliable third party sources. Therefore I would like to have the article restored. Mathewignash (talk) 22:22, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Procedural close." Isn't there some kind of time limit in which to contest an AFD? This was closed on 1 September 2010...almost three months ago. Roadie4MarshallTuckerBand (talk) 18:22, 30 December 2010 (UTC) - This user is a banned sock puppeteer. Mathewignash (talk) 21:07, 31 December 2010 (UTC)No such limit and why we would we have? We are in the business of writing and encyclopedia, if viable articles can be written that furthers our goal. Deletion never prohibits topics from ever being covered, merely that a current incarnation of an article doesn't meet the standards and possibly no article could currently be written, in the future of course things change - be that future 1 day or 100 years. I wouldn't take this so much as an appeal of the original decision more that new information has come to light since then. Personally It doesn't seem these sources are upto much. The second sounds likely to be fairly trivial coverage and the third likely not a great source. The current redirect to a subsection describing it seems more than adequate given the level of coverage. --82.7.40.7 (talk) 19:36, 30 December 2010 (UTC)I am not "contesting" the closing from September. It was closed because it lacked sources at the time. I now have produced reliable third party sources. If this is enough to prove the subject is notable, I want the article restored so I can add them. If it's not enough, I need people to tell what they would need to consider this notable, so I can keep my eyes open for more sources. So PLEASE, if you vote against restoring the article, I'd love some exact reasons and what you would need to be proven it's notable. Mathewignash (talk) 22:26, 30 December 2010 (UTC)There is no limit, although perhaps there should be; there have been deletion reviews posted here more than a year after the disputed decision in the past. Stifle (talk) 09:09, 31 December 2010 (UTC)A deletion review might still be appropriate after a year or so if, for example, the page is salted or was highly controversial, so we'd need to think carefully about the wording of any change.S Marshall T/C 17:25, 31 December 2010 (UTC)As above I agree, I think the question is about challenging the actual close of the debate, not about the other times in which DRV maybe appropriate. --82.7.40.7 (talk) 18:33, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Just reiterating Mathewignash's point that this is a restoration request, which is in-scope per the last paragraph of WP:Deletion review#Principal purpose  challenging deletion decisions. Flatscan (talk) 05:10, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Surely the best approach here would be to add the reliably sourced content into List of Transformers spacecraft#Ark before requesting restoration so we can see just how much decent content a new article would have? Alzarian16 (talk) 15:29, 31 December 2010 (UTC)A suggestion. Why doesn't someone just re-write the article with these new sources and see how it fares? If it doesn't get AFD'd then the article proponents have a point. Sounds a lot easier to do it that way than doing it this way. Kiki Rebeouf (talk) 04:47, 1 January 2011 (UTC)Am I allowed to just write a new article with sources and put it there without getting in trouble? Mathewignash (talk) 12:11, 1 January 2011 (UTC)As stated to you above, add the reliably-sourced content to the list article first, and see how much there can be. It sounds like the sources you've got aren't about this, and just mention it pretty tangentially. That probably makes it more suitable for a list than a full article. But put your material in the list article first, and if it does turn out you really can write a great deal from those sources, it may turn out to be appropriate for a full article. Seraphimblade Talk to me 12:27, 1 January 2011 (UTC)The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.[edit] 29 December 2010Westbrook_Technologies  Userfied already, allow recreation.  King of     09:34, 7 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.Westbrook_Technologies (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (restore)Westbrook Technologies is a major document management software company which has received awards and recognition from various sources. It has been deleted for advertising/promotion, however I feel that the sources cited and language used show the importance of Westbrook Technologies in the document management industry. I have discussed with the editor who deleted, but he/she has not responded from my further questions and debate, giving me no further explanation. Please reconsider the deletion of the article (perhaps restoring the article for editors to see and discuss) or please inform me how I can edit it for approval. Odonnetp (talk) 19:30, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Question do you have anything that could in any way be considered a conflict of interest regarding this subject, and if so what is the nature of that conflict of interest? Andrew Lenahan - Starblind 20:24, 29 December 2010 (UTC)I am new to Wikipedia and was not aware of Wikipedia's policies on COI. I have included it in my talk page as is recommended on the conflict of interest page. I don't believe COI is a valid reason to bar this article from inclusion in Wikipedia, however.  Preceding unsigned comment added by Odonnetp (talk  contribs) 21:40, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Welcome to Wikipedia! You're right to say that a conflict of interest is, in itself, not sufficient to prevent an article's inclusion but in this case I think there were two other problems. First, there was a lack of reliable sources that were independent of Westbrook itself; and second, the writing was more appropriate to corporate marketing literature for the technologically literate than to an encyclopaedia for general readership. Neither of these things necessarily means that Westbrook Technologies can't have coverage on Wikipedia. What it means is that Westbrook Technologies can't have this coverage. There's also a discussion to be had about whether any material we do include about Westbrook Technologies belongs in a separate article of its own, or as part of another, larger one. That discussion will hinge around the concept of notability.The article as written began: Westbrook Technologies, founded in 1990, provides software applications to businesses across every vertical market  enabling organizations to streamline processes, improve efficiency, increase productivity and address specific business challenges. Feature + benefit + jargon is how marketers are trained to write for a tech-savvy audience, but encyclopaedists need to use plain English aimed at teenagers. If Westbrook Technologies was found to be notable within Wikipedia's definition, then a proper article might begin with something like: Westbrook Technologies is an American software company based in Wherever, Connecticut. The company has xx employees and a turnover of $yy. It has won an award for (award, plus link to independent, reliable source, such as a newspaper with a reputation for fact-checking). It was founded in 1990.It's not necessary to overturn NawlinWiki's speedy deletions in this case, but I'm very willing to work with you to see if there isn't coverage we can provide within Wikipedia's rules and guidelines. The first stage would be to compile a list of independent, reliable sources that provide reasonably in-depth coverage of the company. The sources cannot be connected with Westbrook Technologies, or host advertisements for them, and they cannot consist of user-submitted content. This means no blogs, no messageboard posts, no Facebook pages, no Youtube videos, and no wikis. (Yes, that does mean that Wikipedia itself is not a reliable source by our own definition.)You're welcome to post the list of sources here or on my talk page, it's up to you.S Marshall T/C 00:31, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Userify I think the best solution would be to move the deleted article to a subpage in your user space to be worked on further, according to S Marshall's excellent suggestions. I'm willing to do it. Will that be satisfactory? DGG ( talk ) 00:28, 30 December 2010 (UTC)I agree with DGG. (See WP:USERFY for more details on what that entails.) Stifle (talk) 13:55, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Thanks for the feedback. This is new to me, so of course there is a learning curve. DGG, if you can add it to my userspace that would be great. Stifle, I will check out WP:USERFY.For sources, I used the following:Westbrook Technologies is a Microsoft Partner with silver ISV competencyDocument managing company forms new teamingFort Billings FCU Shreds Paper with FortisPCS launches document management softwareThe 2006 Deloitte Connecticut Fast 50Banner Health and Westbrook Technologies Named 2009 I-Cubed Award Winners by Integrated Solutions MagazineNew Release of Westbrook FortisBlue Includes SharePoint Integration Option and Other AdvancesI realize that the last two are press releases, but I thought they would be note worthy because the first one is announcing an award Westbrook had received and the second is used to cite that Westbrook is integrated with Microsoft SharePoint. I had also found these two sources in the meantime and was going to insert them into the page somehow, or do you not see these as reliable sources?Build Competitive Advantage With ECMA medical center goes paperless for HIPAA; San Francisco International joins nine airports in biometrics deployment.Odonnetp (talk) 15:58, 30 December 2010 (UTC)I wouldn't personally use sources 1, 6 or 7. Wikipedia's interested in what independent sources say, not about what companies or organisations say about themselves. The article should be a summary of those sources that remain, without infringing copyright.S Marshall T/C 16:55, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Is there a minimum number of third-party sources an article needs to be included in Wikipedia? When I revised the article from the first verson, my thinking was the more sources I had, the better. But, if an article is deleted due to the use of press releases since those are not third-party authoritative sources, is simply deleting those articles from the article enough to have the article accepted. For example, if I take out sources 1, 6, and 7 from the article, will that make the article acceptable for being approved? Odonnetp (talk) 21:26, 30 December 2010 (UTC)S Marshall is just offering an opinion. There's no prohibition on the use of primary sources, and using primary sources doesn't reflect badly on the article as a whole. But secondary sources are considered more reliable so, if you can find them, use them too. Also understand that these types of primary sources are discounted in determining the notability of the subject, a criterion for its inclusion here. --Bsherr (talk) 22:36, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Opinion is absolutely right. What I say isn't gospel, it's what I think.S Marshall T/C 23:56, 30 December 2010 (UTC)actually, the opinions can be harmonized: mixing in unnecessary primary sources can diluting the visibility of the secondary sources; the same can be true of weak secondary sources when there are better ones that cover the same ground. When there are good sources, putting in poor ones also gives the impression of including everything conceivably possible, which is a frequent promotional technique. DGG ( talk ) 03:16, 2 January 2011 (UTC)I have moved the article to User:Odonnetp/Westbrook Technologies; when you're ready, ask me or any admin about moving it back. DGG ( talk ) 03:16, 2 January 2011 (UTC)The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.[edit] 28 December 2010Slovio  Deletion endorsed, and this discussion has veered way off topic into a soapbox for the requester, who is, to put it charitably, rather vested in the outcome.  Guy (Help!) 10:26, 2 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.This page has been blanked as a courtesy.The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.[edit] 27 December 2010File:SpywareProtect09block.PNG  Closure no longer applicable, as the image is now being used under a fair-use claim. If you wish to dispute that, please discuss on the talk page of the article.  NW (Talk) 03:03, 3 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.File:SpywareProtect09block.PNG (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (article|XfD|restore)Administrator closed discussion as keep (free), claiming that the text in the image was not subject to copyright protection because "malware is not afforded copyright protection." When I asked her to reconsider and cite authority for this, the administrator responded saying that "any person who claimed to own the copyright of this image would likely be prosecuted under laws regarding computer crimes." I am still not convinced that something along the lines of unclean hands allows us to disregard copyrights on images like this one or be compatible with CC-BY-SA. RJaguar3 | u | t 20:22, 27 December 2010 (UTC)The closer may be right. In the meantime, let's not practice copyright-paranoia. Wait for a legal opinion, or a complaint from someone claiming ownership. At worst, I think a very strong fair use claim can be made to use this image. More likely, I think the owner lost copyright by fraudulently distributing the image. I think the owner holds no moral rights over the image. I think it is akin to a forgery. --SmokeyJoe (talk) 03:01, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Relist. While morally objectionable, it would be news to me that that somehow affects the copyright status of the image. --Conti| 03:05, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Relist. It seems to me that the closing admin has asserted some premises that are tenuous at best. It would be better to have a "cleaner" close.. __meco (talk) 09:50, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn/Relist Maliciousness of the software has no bearing on its copyright status. --Cybercobra (talk) 09:59, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to delete. 14 days and no comment at PUF normally translate to deletion; closer's rationale is totally without support either in law or in our policies (though I'd imagine that the creator of such malware would be quite unlikely to actually try to enforce such a copyright, that is irrelevant), so there's no need for a relist. T. Canens (talk) 16:16, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Probably not the right place for this, but would this qualify under Template:PD-text? NW (Talk) 18:34, 28 December 2010 (UTC)No. The text in the image is not a simple word, phrase, slogan, or title. I think it is sufficiently creative to be awarded copyright protection. Thus, the pd-text tag doesn't apply here. RJaguar3 | u | t 19:12, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn per T.Canens Edge3 (talk) 19:33, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to delete. I would have instead supported relisting, but the closing administrator ought to have raised the argument for discussion originally, instead of employing it without warning to close the discussion. Since the closing admin had a free opportunity to raise the issue, that ought to foreclose relisting it. --Bsherr (talk) 19:48, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to delete or relist - Closing admin's rationale is completely inconsistent with copyright law. Garion96 (talk) 19:57, 28 December 2010 (UTC)2 notes from closing admin #1) I honestly do believe that there is no copyright here based on there being no license for the software and the fact that this is malware. #2) As can be seen here at his talk page this image was already restored once in the past by User:Explicit who has far greater experience with image deletions than I. --After Midnight 0001 00:55, 29 December 2010 (UTC)I respectfully believe that the anon on whose advice Explicit relied in undeleting the image was mistaken. Just because the screenshot is part of "a virus program [with] no End User License" does not mean that the software "was released to the public with absolutely no restrictions," as the anon claims. RJaguar3 | u | t 03:51, 29 December 2010 (UTC)EDITED TO ADD With respect to (1), the fact that the program was distributed without a license does not mean that it is in the public domain. It neither has a permissive license (like the GPL) to grant the necessary permissions needed to use a derivative work of the software on this site, nor does it have a restrictive agreement that purports to restrict the rights granted to the owner of a copy of a copyrighted work under US law. Thus, although there is no licensing agreement in effect, use of the software is still subject to standard copyright law, which binds everyone. RJaguar3 | u | t 03:56, 29 December 2010 (UTC)For your point (1) it shows you are ignorant of copyright law, and certainly shouldn't be closing such debates. Copyright is automatic and implicit, when editors cut and paste text from a website displaying no copyright notice, we tell them the same, no copyright notice!= PD and!= no claim of copyright. (Wikipedia:COPYRIGHT#Using_copyrighted_work_from_others - "All creative works are copyrighted, by international agreement, unless either they fall into the public domain or their copyright is explicitly disclaimed." note the "explicitly disclaimed" i.e. they have to say they are not claiming rights). It was listed at FFD with only one opinion given, deciding how to close it based on the previous action of an admin not participating in the debate is ridiculous, there is no policy etc which says person X is always right no matter what anybody else says, if you disagreed then you should have participated in the debate, merely determining yourself to be correct and closing accordingly is not allowed. The easiest way to resolve this looks like just adding a fair use rationale. --87.112.87.182 (talk) 10:25, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn and delete, unfortunately this fails the Wednesbury test. Stifle (talk) 12:19, 29 December 2010 (UTC)????.  Preceding unsigned comment added by John lilburne (talk  contribs)Overturn to delete - With enough feedback, the admin should have reversed his own decision by now. But that hasn't been done. The closing admin is embarrassingly wrong. Even if it were true that "Malware is not afforded copyright protection", which it isn't and you are confusing patent protection with copyright protection (and in general there is no such sweeping intellectual property rule), the screenshot itself is not malware. It is just a screenshot. End User License/license for the software is contract law, not copyright law. The image does misuse that multicolored dot (which looks like something Microsoft would trademark) and Microsoft's "Internet Explorer" trademark name. OTOH, this image very likely is fair use of non-free media. However, since 14 days and no comment at PUF normally translate to deletion and there was no fair use reasons put forth, overturn to delete. Feel free to restore the image using a fair use of non-free media template. -- Uzma Gamal (talk) 15:41, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn and Delete, not a valid image license rationale. Nakon 07:51, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Relist (see below) - Sorry, but our existing standards dictate that this screenshot should have a fair use rationale. CMBJ 01:19, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Relist, rather than overturn to delete. The pd-text issue seems quite arguable to me, and FfD is where that discussion should take place.S Marshall T/C 09:01, 31 December 2010 (UTC)What's arguable about that? This is not a "typeface[], individual word[], slogan[], or simple geometric shape[]". It's several sentences of text. PD-text simply does not apply. T. Canens (talk) 04:02, 1 January 2011 (UTC)It's a picture of some text. All that can be copyrighted about it is the one small image in the top left hand corner, or the few words of text. It could be argued that there's insufficient original work in that image for it to qualify for copyright protection. (I'm not actually arguing this, because I'm not sure it's correct. My position is that it's arguable, and it's for FfD to exhaust that argument and come to a conclusion.)S Marshall T/C 01:15, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse The keep is correct. The idea that copyright applies is equivalent to saying that courts will enforce copyright on 419 spam emails. Copyright will not give protection to a document designed to defraud someone. In UK law (where fair dealing is weaker than fair-use in the US) copyright is not extended to wrong doing, you can read here in pages 14-18 how UK law treats such issues. John lilburne (talk) 10:05, 31 December 2010 (UTC)The fact that fair dealing is weaker than fair use is completely irrelveant. Fair Dealing/Fair use is a defence and has nothing to do with the actions of the person claiming copyright. The issue there was "The jurisdiction [of the English courts] to refuse to enforce copyright came from the court's inherent jurisdiction and was limited to cases where enforcement of the copyright would offend against the policy of the law" and is unrelated to issues of fair use. It is not saying no copyright exists it is saying in some circumstances (for the court to decide, not me or you) that the copyrights would not be enforced in English courts. However it's broadly irrelevant (1) The purpose of our copyright policy is not merely to defend the wikimedia foundation, it's about creating a free encylopedia (re)usable worldwide (including derivatives of images etc.) (2) Given 1 second guessing if a court would or wouldn't enforce the copyright is not an exercise we should be engaging in, maybe this case is "obvious" there are plenty of other cases where there would be lots of disagreement (3) On a similar basis to (1) we don't accept images where permission is given to just wikipedia it isn't helpful to our goal (i.e. if wikimedia is "safe" isn't the only issue) (4) There are many images we could republish as is without worry of the rights holder trying to enforce them, again we don't since again that isn't our purpose we are trying to provide a free resource for re(use) including creating derivatives of the images etc.The point of DRV is to examine the deletion process, is there a process which says "The closing admin chooses to determine if a copyright is enforceable and then ignores the discussion and closes according to the admins own understanding" - quite simply there is no such process. If as you the closer believed unenforceablity was a valid claim to make then they should have participated in the discussion.The whole thing is rather silly, if we think the image adds value there is a very simple fair use claim which can be made in this case. --82.7.40.7 (talk) 11:57, 31 December 2010 (UTC)If considering whether a US copyright court would afford copyright protection to an image that is illustrating a scam, is second guessing then so is all those images of DVD and LP album covers, the images of book jackets, and the images of products in their packaging. All the images that are under copyright somewhere in the world, but not the US makes the encyclopaedia un-reusable elsewhere in the world. The use of this particular image is also transformative in that it is illustrating how malware presents itself to the user. Its not as if the image is being incorporated into a wikipedia malware package. John lilburne (talk) 13:17, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Your last sentence is a non-free content rationale. Irrelevant to the question if there's copyright or not on this image. No, copyright on album covers is not second quessing. Basically everything is copyrighted, it needs to be proven that this image is not copyrighted. Garion96 (talk) 13:37, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Put it another way: is copying an image of the text used to alarm someone into purchasing something they don't need, so as to inform the public of the scam sanctioned by law? If the answer to that question is YES then copyright does not apply. Is there a permissions market where one can license images of scamware so as to inform the public of the scam. If the answer to that is NO then copyright does not apply. One cannot use copyright to prevent the disclosure of fraud. John lilburne (talk) 14:57, 31 December 2010 (UTC)I do agree that such a usage might be fair use. However, (absent a court order), fraud does not place text associated with that fraud in the public domain. One problem with using images where copyright enforcement is likely barred by unclean hands is that if the copyright holder does purge themselves of wrongdoing, then they can enforce the copyright again, which means that we would have to remove all images and derivative works based on that image, plus other users of our content that relied on the image's public domain status could be in jeopardy. RJaguar3 | u | t 18:09, 31 December 2010 (UTC)That is still second guessing how a court would respond and indeed how a court would respond in any of the many countries/jurisdiction we want the content to be freely available in. As I already said we can look at this and say it's obviously a scam and so obviously wouldn't be enforced if it ever came to it - that is however completely different to tagging it as PD - it's not and we don't have a tag for "We believe the copyright is unenforceable" which is what we would require. It also doesn't help us in billions of other cases where the underlying legality we disagree on. We aren't employed to make legal rulings and we shouldn't be doing so. Once again however we shouldn't really be getting into the situation where we are trying to make such judgements on the behalf of wikimedia or anyone else - there is a valid fair use claim, the same valid fair use claim we use for album covers and the like. Your noting it's a transformative use is of course one of the reasons we can make a fair use claim etc. --82.7.40.7 (talk) 18:41, 31 December 2010 (UTC)There would be no need for this deletion review to continue if someone would just write a precautionary fair use rationale and slap it up on the description page. CMBJ 01:50, 1 January 2011 (UTC)Request closure of DRV. I've added a fair use rationale to spare us any additional dispute over this matter. CMBJ 22:03, 1 January 2011 (UTC)The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.List of deaths related to Scientology  Deletion endorsed as most people seem satisfied with the new rationale for deletion. Troutslap the closer for not providing it at the time of close.  King of     09:47, 7 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.List of deaths related to Scientology (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)Faulty close. Clearly no consensus. Add to this closing admin's lack of rationale for the decision. meco (talk) 08:53, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn (for a more articulate close). Unacceptable explanation that insults the participants. --SmokeyJoe (talk) 09:45, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse. Neither consensus nor no consensus can overrule Wikipedia policy, and the existing article was an unacceptable coatrack. This close was completely correct. The numbers added up to no consensus, but the arguments added up to delete. We don't make these decisions on numbers. Heimstern Lufer (talk) 09:57, 27 December 2010 (UTC)A general comment on the idea that "consensus cannot overrule policy": this makes no sense, because what we do is determining how policies apply to a case. And that determination is made by consensus, as assessed by the closer. Consensus can be wrong: a later consensus may determine that policy directed another outcome, but it doesn't mean that the consensus overruled policy, it means that the consensus missapplied policy. A closer may also have missassessed consensus. AFD determines the applicability of deletion policies to articles. DRV is generally construed to determine if the consensus was correctly assessed, not if the consensus was correct in the first place (ie, it's not AFD bis), although it remains a grey area. (I'm not taking any position in the present debate.) Cenarium (talk) 01:19, 28 December 2010 (UTC)If the arguments did add up to delete, then the closer should have explained why. And so should you, Heimstern, if you're endorsing, because "the arguments added up to delete" is, by itself, just a statement of opinion.S Marshall T/C 10:58, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I already have, mm goi. NPOV is the reason. Heimstern Lufer (talk) 13:41, 27 December 2010 (UTC)NPOV is a reason to rewrite, or to rename. What's missing is the reason to delete.S Marshall T/C 14:49, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I thought I had already made this abundantly clear, but I guess not, so I'll say it here now: This article, as titled: cannot be be written in compliance with policy. As long as the words "related to" appear in the title, the article's very premise is that we will cobble together an article about deaths that have something to do with Scientology, even those that are about former members who happened to choose the L. Ron Hubbard's birthday for their suicide. This is a coatrack. Some people have pointed out that COATRACK is not a policy, and indeed it is not: rather, it is an exposition of a situation that violates a content policy, namely NPOV. (Frankly, too much in deletion arguments is made based on whether someone linked to policy in their post. Arguments with no links to policy pages can be every bit as policy-grounded as those full of links.) Neither editing or renaming this article is appropriate; the possibility might exist of starting a new one from scratch (as mentioned in the AFD) that actually has a causative link between Scientology and deaths might be considered (though I question the ability to source such a thing). NPOV is indeed a reason to delete in cases where the topic itself cannot be neutral. Heimstern Lufer (talk) 11:25, 3 January 2011 (UTC)No, to "cobble together an article about deaths that have something to do with Scientology, even those that are about former members who happened to choose the L. Ron Hubbard's birthday for their suicide." is not a coatrack. It is simply condensing related events together under their common denominator. This is what we do everytime we write a list or even an article. Nobody here explained why such an article should obligatorily violate NPOV. The point is simple: if reliable sources are consensual on relating deaths to Scientology, then the NPOV thing is to have the article, and the POV thing is to delete it (because we hide NPOV information and we contribute to systemic bias). We must follow sources, no more, but also no less. The same is valid for every "list of deaths related to X", which I see some editors think are anathema, but give zero explanation of why. --Cyclopiatalk 12:52, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Associating every ex-Christian that kills themselves on Dec 25 as a Deaths related to Jesus, or a Muslim that kills them self on the first day of Eid ul-Fitr as Deaths related to Islam, or on the third Monday of January as a Death related to Martin Luther is a NPOV? John lilburne (talk) 13:31, 3 January 2011 (UTC)It depends: what do sources say? If they agree that it's a Christianity-related or an Islam-related death, then it fits in. Otherwise it's WP:OR and WP:SYNTH and it stays out. Again, all issues that you can solve simply by reading the sources and editing. --Cyclopiatalk 13:35, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Specious argument - known as WP:OTHERSTUFFDOESNOTEXIST. Shades of "foo - apartheid parallels". RichFarmbrough, 11:30, 6 January 2011 (UTC).Overturn No solid consensus appears in the AfD discussion, and no reason was given for interpreting the narrow consensus for "keep" as "delete" instead. This is not the place, moreover, to now assert a policy-based reason for a closure which did not invoke the policy at all. We can not here use ESP to state that a reason was used which was not stated. Nor do I find WP:COATRACK to be labeled as "policy" - last I checked it was still an "essay." Has it been promoted? This is an "essay-based" deletion argument? And concerns raised by some are matters for discussion at the article talk page, not here. Collect (talk) 12:45, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn - There is not even one policy- or guideline-based delete argument in the whole discussion, except for NPOV concerns. However NPOV is an issue of content and it is dealt within editorial consensus while editing the article: we don't delete articles because they're NPOV, we fix them. So this is not an AfD concern. That deaths related to Scientology exist is not a POV, is what sources present in the article said. Apart from that, the most cogent arguments brought called WP:COATRACK (an essay, even if a widely quoted one, which is highly debatable and prone to misuse, e.g. see here, where it basically reduces any criticism section to coat-racking) and then WP:WEASEL (a concern which I agree with, but that is a style issue that is entirely unrelated to deletion, per deletion policy). --Cyclopiatalk 12:55, 27 December 2010 (UTC) - clarified --Cyclopiatalk 14:12, 27 December 2010 (UTC)This is the most baldly untrue thing I've ever seen on Wikipedia, and I've no idea whether to charge ignorance or dishonesty. There are many delete args with policy. Since when is NPOV not policy? Heimstern Lufer (talk) 13:42, 27 December 2010 (UTC)(edit conflict) You are right: NPOV has also been called into question. But this doesn't change the point: NPOV is a content/editorial issue, not a deletion issue, so it's again a moot argument in a deletion discussion. If an article about Barack Obama is biased, we intervene to make it neutral, we don't simply erase it. Read WP:ATD. So, thank you for your personal attacks and merry holidays. --Cyclopiatalk 13:52, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Also, funny comment style from someone who wrote editors often fail to deliver so much as a modicum of respect for the opinions of others concerning how issues should be resolved. Disagreement is fine, but the rude dismissals we see so often are contrary to the collaborative spirit of Wikipedia.. Cheers. --Cyclopiatalk 13:54, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I believe you are the one who broadly dismissed every single supporter of deletion as not based in policy, Cyclopia, so I'm afraid I think those words of mine apply to you at least as much if not more than to me. (Mind you, that essay of mine's ancient now.) The problem with your argument about deletion and NPOV is that the very nature of the article is POV, at least in the opinion of those supporting deletion. Under those circumstances, fixing is not an option and NPOV is not at all a moot argument. There you go. I do regret my initial reaction to this argument, though. Got angry that I was being accused of non-policy compliant arguments and got in a bit of a huff. Should have stayed away from that, that much is clear. Heimstern Lufer (talk) 14:01, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Don't worry and thanks for clarifying. I will clarify my comment above to reflect your observations. --Cyclopiatalk 14:08, 27 December 2010 (UTC)The analogous case would be an article called List of deaths related to Barack Obama (or even better given the Vince Foster mess, List of deaths related to Bill Clinton. How would you "fix" the NPOV problems with these hypothetical lists "through editing" (aside from the obvious editing decision to delete the attack pieces?)Bali ultimate (talk) 13:32, 28 December 2010 (UTC)If sources agree nearly unanimously that a death is related to X, where X=Obama, Clinton or (for the sake of argument) the Cyclopia editor of Wikipedia, then we ought to have all these articles. It's simply putting things under a common denominator. I see no POV problem that can't be solved with editing. Deletion would make sense only if no consensus of sources relates a death to X. --Cyclopiatalk 12:54, 3 January 2011 (UTC)The list would still need to be notable and manageable. So Cyclopia realted deaths woudl be non-notable (I hope) and List of World War II related deaths would be to long. RichFarmbrough, 11:30, 6 January 2011 (UTC).Incidentally we do have List of Christian martyrs. RichFarmbrough, 20:24, 6 January 2011 (UTC).Endorse per Heimstern. --JN466 13:47, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn Closed as "result is delete" when there is no clear consensus. As Par Cyclopia there were many different arguments and neither side had a clear policy on there side within a deletion discussion. More explanation was necessary and not given.Coffeepusher (talk) 14:44, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse was a clear attack piece with BLP implications. "Related to" was a weasel way around "caused by" -- since deleted redirects to this page like Scientology kills made the reason for the list's existence clearer still. Inclusion was purely arbitrary, and there are BLP issues at play.Bali ultimate (talk) 15:00, 27 December 2010 (UTC)In other words, there are fundamental WP:NPOV problems with the article, not merely the kind that can be fixed by editing, correct? Cyclopia makes a comparison to Barack Obama above. The difference is that it is possible to write a neutral article on Barack Obama, whereas the delete votes made a compelling argument that it was impossible to do so with this article, something that the keep voters could not refute (note that even after John lilburne made his comment, no one increased the number of entries on the list; in fact, the list shrunk). So Endorse.In addition, a troutslap to meco for not discussing the closure at all with LFaraone first, and a troutslap to the rest of us for discussing the closure anyway. NW (Talk) 16:28, 27 December 2010 (UTC)@NW Yes I believe the NPOV problems are fundamental and inherent to this list. The use of "related to" is meant to imply "caused by." We couldn't have a list that says "caused by" because that's obviously pejorative and judgemental (even in the case of McPherson reasonable people could object. i.e. was her death caused by scientology or caused by the various people involved with her treatment? Think of a nurse and doctor killing a patient through negligence or malfeasance in a catholic hospital. Would that death have been caused by Catholocism?) The list exists only to attack and disparage.Bali ultimate (talk) 13:29, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Nonsense. To say that "related to" means "caused by" is a bad faith interpretation unsupported by any decent knowledge of English lexicon. --Cyclopiatalk 13:41, 3 January 2011 (UTC)related-to implies a logical connection or causal link. There is no bad faith interpretation, the words mean that, the death described, is either logically connected to, or caused by Scientology. There is as much room for a NPOV as there is for the assertion that George W Bush was president of the United States. Create a list entitled Dead people that once knew a Scientologist. John lilburne (talk) 18:13, 3 January 2011 (UTC)You said it right: logical connection OR causal link. To say that "related to" means only "caused by" is bad faith or ignorance of language; there's no other way around that. "Related to" means that the list includes stuff logically connected (in our case, by sources doing the connection), of which causal connection is only a connection a specific type. A list of "Deaths related to Scientology" in theory could perfectly contain only Scientology martyrs killed by anti-Scientologists, for example. They would be related to Scientology, and strongly so. --Cyclopiatalk 22:56, 3 January 2011 (UTC)I have some difficulty parsing that, but yes if a list can be constructed of Scientology martyrs, or of those whose death is similar to those the cults, that would rather pray for their kids to be cured of cancer, than go to the hospital for treatment. If you can build that list go for it as it will based in solid facts. Unfortunately the deleted list only had sources for casual links and showed no causal links between Scientology and the death. John lilburne (talk) 00:18, 4 January 2011 (UTC)They were neither casual nor causal links: they were more like involvement of CoS in the death and most importantly the media coverage. Luckly the cached article is still available on Google, so:Nobody denies the Lisa McPherson case as being a death related to CoS, I guess.Noah Lottick: Lots of CoS-related controversies around the death, including coverage in "The Thriving Cult of Greed and Power so related to is germane.Kaja Bordevich Ballo: Prosecutors stated in December 2008 that they were unable to establish a causative link between the Scientology test and Ballo's death., true, but we have anyway a lot of notable CoS-related controversy (e.g. Norway parliament member Inga Marte Thorkildsen commented that she thought indications were that Scientology had a role in Ballo's suicide). So, again, "related to" is germane.It's just three cases, but they're enough for a list. No NPOV issues. --Cyclopiatalk 00:44, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Comment I reject your troutslap, because the closure wasn't done because of a superior argument regarding WP:NPOV, it was done because "result was delete". that is what we are discussing and it is a serious problem with the closure because of reasons that are already apparent. Everyone is speculating on the reasons why, and no actual closure is available regarding this issue. Until we hear from the closing admin a more detailed reason on why they closed it, we are just going to rehash every argument that has already been discussed. THIS is why it is imperative, especially on AFD's that generate such a diverse range of policy arguments, that the closing admin MAKES IT PERFECTLY CLEAR why the AFD was closed in such and such a way. If anything, the diversity of opinions in both the AFD and this discussion makes it really REALLY apparent that there is no consensus regarding this issue.Coffeepusher (talk) 16:59, 27 December 2010 (UTC)And perhaps the closer would have been able to come up a rationale if you gave them time to do so. That is the entire reason why the policy on notification exists. NW (Talk) 18:29, 28 December 2010 (UTC)You fail to address the procedural circumstances which should always be front and center at a deletion review. You are making arguments that belong at the AfD discussion. As such, your vote should be summarily disregarded. __meco (talk) 17:02, 27 December 2010 (UTC)The policy is there for a reason, and you clearly failed to follow it. Do so next time please. And I am not making arguments that belong at AFD. I am saying that the closer appropriately weighted those comments above other ones. There is a difference. Would you like me to clarify further? NW (Talk) 18:29, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn - When a discussion is not lopsided heavily towards the keep or delete side, closing the discussion with no explanation is usually unhelpful. If there was some particular reason why the closer thought that the reasoning to delete was more sound than the reasoning to keep, then he/she should have let us know what that reason was. Reading through the discussion, I see equally valid arguments for deleting and keeping, although many of the delete arguments do focus on issues which can be solved with editing. I would have closed this as no consensus or keep. SnottyWongyak 18:26, 27 December 2010 (UTC)overturn When there's no clear consensus and there's no overrding policy issue we close as no consensus. Closing no-consensus as keep or delete should only occur if there are strong policy reasons to do so. They don't exist here so result should be no consensus, defaults to keep. JoshuaZ (talk) 20:19, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn This a classic "no consensus", with both arguments and numbers pretty evenly distributed on both sides. There was no consensus for deletion and the absence of an explanation from the closing administrator as to why the article should be deleted where reasonable policy-based arguments were made for retention only complicates the issue further. Alansohn (talk) 20:49, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn There were legitimate arguments on both sides, and the closing statement inadequately explained the admin's decision. Edge3 (talk) 21:05, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse There simple was no viable list there to preserve. It started out as a COATRACK and as the days went by the list withered away until there were just 4 items left. In two of the remaining items the cause was that someone who ought to have been in a psychiatric hospital killing someone. Those sort of cases happen every year or so in the UK due to Social Services not acting fast enough, or mental health patients being released back into the community to early, but we don't make a list of List of People killed by Social workers as a result. John lilburne (talk) 22:22, 27 December 2010 (UTC)As several before you in this discussion you too seem to believe that a DRV is an extension of the AfD. It isn't. Your arguments belong in an AfD. We're here now to discuss whether the closing admin made a correct call based on the AfD discussion, not to bring up arguments for keeping or deleting the page. __meco (talk) 23:00, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Comment As the closing administrator, I'm rather surprised that this was taken to DRV, as the guidelines indicate it's preferable to resolve the issue through a discussion with the administrator beforehand. Anyway, specific to this article, based on a reading of the arguments and references to policy presented, it was clear that there was a rough consensus for deleting the article. I should have explained more; I'm not opposed to having the article recreated, but in its current form all the examples provided had tenuous connections to Scientology. We might as well have a List of deaths related to Catholicism of all people who were related to / were themselves members of the Catholic Church. I apologize for not elaborating more in the closing, I just would have appreciated it if those nominating this to DRV had thought to engage in a discussion first. LFaraone 01:30, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Would you please append to the initial close your full rationale, for the benefit of future readers of the XfD? --SmokeyJoe (talk) 10:03, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Done. Its not the best explanation, probably, and might benefit from some expansion, but is a brief summary of the closing rationale. LFaraone 15:47, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse as per Heimstern. User:Zscout370 (Return Fire) 01:34, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse. Deletion discussions are not a vote. While there wasn't consensus to delete, there was certainly policy in place regarding its deletion. I endorse the decision to delete, although the interpretation of consensus is sketchy. Bastique  call me! 01:39, 28 December 2010 (UTC)And to be clear, the policy you refer to is NPOV? In other words, it wouldn't be possible to have a neutral version of this list?S Marshall T/C 02:12, 28 December 2010 (UTC)See my statement below The Resident Anthropologist (talk) 02:43, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Hmm. When I read your statement I see plenty of emphatic declarative and little recognition that there are complexities. Look, even the closer recognises that an article can exist with this title. (diff) And that's supported by a rough consensus at Wikipedia:Categories for discussion/Log/2010 May 9#Category:Deaths connected to Scientology. Arguments that this is a slippery slope towards List of deaths related to Catholicism don't cut much ice with me; the slippery slope argument is a logical fallacy (specifically an informal fallacy) and besides, precedent doesn't count for much on Wikipedia. Coffeepusher made this point strongly during the discussion."NPOV" means "neutral POV". It doesn't mean "No POV at all". To the extent that there are reliable sources attributing the deaths to Scientology, it's reasonable to say it. But all the analysis of the sources that took place in the AfD was from the "keep" camp. Nobody who said "delete" showed much evidence of having examined the sources or dismissing them as unreliablewith the honourable exception of Scott Mac, whose arguments to delete based on WP:SYN strike me as far stronger than his NPOV ones.S Marshall T/C 13:17, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse a lengthy explanation by User:LFaraone would have been preferred but I think when you look at the arguments its pretty clear case. If you look as a Votes then "no consensus" is apparent result. here are the apparent policies that seem to be used: The tittle of the article itself violate WP:NPOV with WP:WEASEL word in the title no Neutral Alternate tittle can be used. Thus Fails the most basic application of the policy of WP:NPOV. Additionally The entire things implies guilt by associating  these Death with Church of Scientology thus again violating NPOV when really the CoS has nothing to do with the murders or suicides. Lisa Mcpherson is was the only person on the list where CoS had any involvement thus a neutral version of the articles list would only contain her and that is covered at Her article The Resident Anthropologist (talk) 02:45, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse - No wrongdoing or missteps by closing admin, though a detailed rationale would've been nice. DRVs should not be filed because we didn't get our way at the AfD. Given the predictable "keep its notable!" calls plus the inherent NPOV concerns of such an article premise...a premise which it is impossible to ever write about in a POV manner, in my opinion...tilting towards the stronger delete arguments was within admin discretion. Tarc (talk) 02:39, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse Bad close, right outcome. The closing administrator came to the right conclusion in my opinion, however they should have left a closing note. Unfortunately, this article cannot ever be neutral. Resident Anthropologist and Bastique lay out the same arguments I would use quite well. AniMate 13:51, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse, as I cannot say that the closer was clearly in error. T. Canens (talk) 16:29, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse - as noted above, it's pretty well impossible for this to be a neutral article, no matter how it's rewritten. Therefore, the closing admin acted correctly by not doing a straight count.--SarekOfVulcan (talk) 21:07, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn procedurally horrible close. If you can't explain the close, don't close it when there are legit disagreements on both sides. I agree that the WP:SYN arguments might be enough to carry the day. I don't think WP:NPOV does. If the sources get us there, we shouldn't shy away from a topic. We just need to be sure we cover it well. But the fact is I can't tell why this was deleted and I think deletion is a huge stretch from the discussion so there is no way to endorse this decision. Hobit (talk) 05:02, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Hobit, that's not a valid reason to overturn an AfD, but rather a quite good reason why it is suggested that one contacts the closing admin first before scurrying off to DRV. DRV is becoming the classic 2nd parent in the "parent #1 said no, so..." model. Tarc (talk) 15:51, 29 December 2010 (UTC) Moved comment to where I think it was meant to be--hobitA) I entirely agree the nom here should have waited for a response. At the same time the closer really should know better than to close a discussion like that without any explanation. Ignoring both of those for a second, I think we have to assume the closer felt the discussion had an obvious result and that the main argument, NPOV, was the reason for deletion. Certainly many endorsing here seem to think so. Since I disagree with that and think the synth argument is likely fixable I don't see a valid reason for deletion. Hobit (talk) 01:01, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Now that a more detailed rationale has been provided, does your position change? Tarc (talk) 02:27, 30 December 2010 (UTC)I find this close as problematic than the last. There is nothing other assertions that this is a coatrack, so to complain that the keep side only asserted it wasn't is fairly bogus. If something is a coatrack or not isn't an objective issue (where as WP:N, or WP:RS often can be). In this case there was no consensus that it was, and the closer doesn't get to pick which side he agrees with in a war of raw assertions. Hobit (talk) 02:45, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Deletion-related disagreements can often be resolved by waiting for the closer to respond to your request to clarification before listing a DRV. Was there any particular reason you didn't give him/her a chance to respond? Stifle (talk) 12:47, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse deletion, I concur with the conclusion in the closer's (recently posted) rationale, although I disagree that the title is a weaselly showstopper. The article was indeed a very poor collection of deaths only tangentially related to Scientology, and considerations of the article's merits were not addressed by the keep vote. Allow recreation as there was no consensus on the notability and validity of the subject. Indeed I believe that an article could be written here, for example the death of Kaja Ballo is one case which sparked a lot of controversy around CoS. (I know that problems which can be fixed by normal editing often are insufficient to justify deletion, but in this case, the content was of such a quality that it is better to delete it and start over again.) Sjakkalle (Check!) 16:25, 29 December 2010 (UTC)endorse article violated neutrality, afd can't override policy, and the close was fair and well-reasoned.--Scott Mac 22:28, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Article as written, or the topic itself? Hobit (talk) 17:49, 31 December 2010 (UTC)I examined the article prior to my initial nomination, as Written its was not neutral. The Topic of Related to Scientology is not viable as it weaselly way of attributing blame on CoS. Caused by Scientology is not viable as it would not cover any one beyond Lisa Mcpherson and that is covered by her article. The Resident Anthropologist (talk) 23:54, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse close, article is not neutral. As this is not AFD2, this article was validly deleted by the closing administrator. Nakon 07:53, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse per Scott MacDonald. Stifle (talk) 09:10, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Comment there are more comments that are attempts to rehash the AFD than there are that are discussing the deletion policy itself. We already know who believes it was not neutral, who believes it was a coatrack, and who believes it should stand as it and read those arguments ad infinitum on the original AFD. This is not a rehash of that process but a examination of if the Admin closed the AFD properly. I know this is a fine line, but several people are wwwwaaaaaayyyyy over that line.Coffeepusher (talk) 00:08, 1 January 2011 (UTC)Such things typically occur not point in worrying when it gets off track, Any Admin can refractor if its too far off base The Resident Anthropologist (talk) 00:15, 2 January 2011 (UTC)It's custom and practice that users at DRV have very wide latitude to engage in good faith discussion about these things. DRV's role is not just to supervise and control the closing admin. DRV also examines cases where the closer might closed in accordance with the consensus, but the consensus itself was unsatisfactory. We might well overturn a consensus that is not in accordance with policy, or that failed to consider an important source, or that was simply wrong on some point of fact; and any discussion along those lines inevitably tends to end up re-fighting the XfD. We tend to leave it for the DRV closer to disregard any unnecessary arguments.In short, I think it would be a very courageous, not to say reckless, admin who refactored any good faith user's comments at DRV.S Marshall T/C 01:24, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse Per Scott Mac and others who have pointed out that the entry violated NPOV. There was nothing improper about the close either as it weighed arguments over votes.Griswaldo (talk) 23:18, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse - Article originally had serious neutrality and coatrack issues, could have been a more detailed closure comment but it was a correct result all the same. Good to see recently Administrators closing more in line with policy than with numbers. Off2riorob (talk) 23:40, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse per Heimstern, Scott Mac and John Lilburne. JohnCD (talk) 20:32, 4 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse. Closing admin added further details to the close when it became apparent more details were needed. So it was a poor close - however those details adequately explain the delete, so I'm endorsing anyway. Szzuk (talk) 23:14, 6 January 2011 (UTC)The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.List of African supercentenarians and List of South American supercentenarians  Relist on AfD. The scope of ArbCom is mostly user-centric (as opposed to page-centric), so that will not concern us here.  King of     09:54, 7 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.List of African supercentenarians (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (article|XfD|restore)List of South American supercentenarians (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (article|XfD|restore)note: I'm not that good with Wiki-formatting; someone who is good at it, please fix. Thanks.Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/List of African supercentenariansThe above AFD was closed with an incorrect assumption:The result was delete. At "vote count" we have 5 delete vs. 3 keep (in a "normal" case with reasonable arguments on both sides this is borderlining on rough consensus), but what is compelling in this particular case is a lack of reliable sourcing for the list. It was well argued that the main source for the list, GRG, was not a reliable. The only keep voter who, to his credit, mentioned sources at all was Thecheesykid, but even he did not consider the reliability of the source. The arguments that this seems to be a regular almanac entry, and that the material is better in list form than individual articles seem rather irrelevant unless the sourcing issue is addressed. Sjakkalle (Check!) 11:57, 25 November 2010 (UTC)There are several problems with this AFD. I will start with the most-obvious:1. "It was well argued that the main source for the list, GRG, was not a reliable."This is FICTION! The GRG has been recognized by major sources, such as the Wall Street Journal, New York Times, Tokyo Times, USA Today, etc.For example, check out this article here:http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2010-12-26-oldest-man-christmas_N.htm?loc=interstitialskipNote the listing of the Gerontology Research Group, along with Guinness World Records.Thus, the above conclusion is wrong on two counts:A. It fails to consider the availability of reliable sources B. It passes judgment on the reliability of outside sources, even though reliability of the GRG is also established by other notable outside sources. I doubt any of you would argue against USA Today or the Wall Street Journal being non-notable.2. If this were the only issue. Sadly, it is not. JJBulten has indicated a plot to delete all articles on supercentenarians sourced to "scientific" sources, because he believes they conflict with his belief that humans can live to 969 because the Bible says that Methuselah lived to 969. Aside from the fact that many Christians argue that Biblical longevity is not comparable to longevity today, what is at issue here is not JJ's belief but whether Wikipedia follows correct Wikipedia policies, such as WP:V and WP:NOR, which mean that mainstream, reliable outside sources should establish or disestablish notability, not one's personal agenda.3. JJBulten has argued, online, even on Wikipedia!, that he plans to delete articles such as this first, and then argue that the List of European supercentenarians is biased because there are no articles on "minorities." Talk about incredulity! So JJ targeted minority articles first, because they were easier to delete, then he plans to hypocritically argue that the European articles are biased?4. Can anyone seriously argue that geographic organization by continent is a bad idea?Ryoung122 03:01, 27 December 2010 (UTC)We need a better way of organising our material about centenarians and supercentenarians. This AfD, which is still in progress, is highly relevant. I think we need lists of centenarians and supercentenarians, but lists of what kind? Alphabetical seems better than by continent.S Marshall T/C 03:20, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Marshall, you raise an interesting issue. I think, however, that a distinction must be made between "centenarians" and "supercentenarians," in particular, for a few reasons I state below:A. Most centenarian articles are on persons who were already notable, but for whom great age conferred additional notability (such as Sir Moses Montefiore, 1784-1885). Most supercentenarian articles are on persons who are notable for great age only.B. The USA, for example, has about 96,000 centenarians but only about 50-70 supercentenarians. Only about 1 in 1000 (if that) centenarians are 110+ at any one time. Thus, supercentenarians are several orders of magnitude rarer, and their age verification becomes paramount to both scientific and general public (Guinness Book) acceptance as "recordholders". Since age verification is tied to the system of recordkeeping in a given nation, it makes sense to organize cases by nation (much like a football team article will have a list of all the players on the team, by team). In this case, the "team" is the "national" team. As for continent-wide inquiry, it must be admitted that most of the cases come from Europe and North America, Japan and Australia. That said, it is incorrect to assume that validated cases cannot come from Africa or South America. Examples of verified cases from Colombia, Ecuador, or Cape Verde can help encourage a wider appreciation that, where-ever systems of recordkeeping are in good order, all humans live to the same ages (about 110-115, maximum, very rarely above that). A lot of this should be thought of as less of Wiki policy and more of reflecting outside sources. Consider, for example, that the field of longevity research into supercentenarians has had to battle myths of localized longevity, or the idea that certain groups of people live longer in certain areas. Thus, there is a stated need to show that, in fact, geography has relatively little bearing on maximum life span. Some have claimed that "mountain air" and "clean water" are responsible for people living to 140+ in places like Vilcabamba...ideas like that have been debunked. Instead, we find that genetics, not region, is paramount. Mitoyo Kawate survived the atomic bombing of Hiroshima to live to 114. Tase Matsunaga lived to 114 in the biggest metro area in the world, Tokyo.If we take a look at the continent-wide records:Europe: 122 (Jeanne Calment, 1997) North America: 119 (Sarah Knauss, 1999) South America: 116 (Maria Capovilla, 2006) Asia: 116 (Tane Ikai, 2005) Africa: 114 (Anne Primout, 2005) Australia: 114 (Christina Cock, 2002)We find that there is a base minimum (114). Without Jeanne Calment, the outlier, Europe's record would be 115. Without Sarah Knauss, North America's record would be 117I think Wikipedia needs to do a little more qualitative assessment here.Ryoung122 22:26, 27 December 2010 (UTC)As the person who closed the AFD as a "delete" based on the source reliability, and having done a bit more research into what the GRG is, I now vote to undelete and relist and if this happens, I ask that Ryoung122 put forward, in a much more restrained fashion, the evidence that shows why the GRG is an authoritative and reliable source. I must say however, that you are doing no favors at all to yourself by attacking JJB's motivations here, statements like "JJBulten has indicated a plot to delete all articles on supercentenarians sourced to "scientific" sources" seem to breach the WP:NPA policy in that they are attacking an editor instead of addressing the arguments he is making. Sjakkalle (Check!) 11:27, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Defer any action until the closure of the related arbcom case. I think that is the most prudent course here. T. Canens (talk) 16:20, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to either relist, or non-consensus. Actually Sjakkallei could simply revert his own close--I think that is always permissible. The arb com has no authority about the reliability of sources or the acceptability of articles, so its conclusions do not seem relevant here. . DGG ( talk ) 02:35, 29 December 2010 (UTC)No, but it would hopefully filter out a good bit of background noise and make consensus somewhat easier to judge. T. Canens (talk) 04:19, 29 December 2010 (UTC)(Reply to DGG:) I agree that undoing the closure myself is permissible, but I have chosen not to do that right away since I still feel that "delete" was the correct outcome based on the debate, where nobody there stepped up to defend GRG as a reliable source. The reason I voted to undelete regardless of that are new arguments which were not in the original AFD, but which merit attention. For a situation like that I prefer to have a bit more community backing before reversing the outcome. Sjakkalle (Check!) 11:41, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse without prejudice to the ArbCom case outcome. I'm smelling original research here and the closure was not one at which no reasonable administrator could have arrived. Stifle (talk) 12:51, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse. The GRG is not a reliable source unless its members are published elsewhere. No one addressed that issue. Proper close.Griswaldo (talk) 20:03, 4 January 2011 (UTC)The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.Tase Matsunaga  Relist on AfD. It appears that both sides of the AfD had poor arguments.  King of     09:59, 7 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.Tase Matsunaga (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (article|XfD|restore)The administrator who closed this (and similar) AFD's on supercentenarian articles (see, for example, Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Asa Takii) Sandstein, listed a rationale for deletion that is contrary to the evidence presented in the AFD discussion. 1. Self-published sources: did Tase Matsunaga publish her own sources? Certainly not. She was covered in reliable, cited, outside sources. Therefore, the rationale for the AFD decision was incorrect. It should also be noted that this article was part of a massive 9-article "deletion" attack by JJBulten, who has confessed online to targeting supercentenarian articles for deletion, with an agenda. To call someone out for lying and cabalism, when those accusations are proven and sourced to online sources, is not "inappropriate conduct." A referee throwing a flag for a foul being committed is not the committer of the foul. Thus, this and similar articles need a second go-through. 2. Tase Matsunaga was Japan's oldest person and her final age (114 years 191 days) is higher than any verified supercentenarian currently living. Notability is not temporary; this is not a "one event." There were reports, for example, of her gaining the title, then reports of dying. That's two events, at a minimum. Thus, the second rationale for deletion is also incorrect. A third reason: JJBulten violated Wiki policies and decorum on AFD, including mass-spamming, mass-nomination of articles, voting for his own self, and recruiting/canvassing to get "votes." The article itself lasted for years and years. Does notability suddenly evaporate, like current events passing? I think not. A fourth reason: JJBulten has accused articles on supercentenarians of being biased in favor of Europeans, but this is after he targeted for deletion articles such as List of African supercentenarians, List of South American supercentenarians, and then supercentenarians from Japan. Thus, this person had nominated this article in bad faith, and got this through the process as if it were a 'vote'. It is not. Thus, the process needs to be reviewed. -- Ryoung122 02:10, 27 December 2010 (UTC)*Deletion Endorsed - as correctly pointed out, at any given time on Earth, there is an oldest living person. As soon as they're dead, there's another oldest living person. While the other points may be valid ones, the deletion on this, in my opinion, is correct. BarkingFish 02:18, 27 December 2010 (UTC) Struck, see below BarkingFish 04:34, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Comment:1. Did you know that the average world's oldest person keeps the title for 1.12 years? That's a lot more rare than, for example, a baseball player.2. Yet, we have articles on ball players who had only 1 major-league at-bat, ever, and by default they are "notable". 3. The rationale behind the deletion was incorrect.4. Another option, to merge to List of Japanese supercentenarians, was not considered. '5. Notability for extreme age alone can be established by outside sources, not one's personal opinion of whether persons are notable by age.6. Japan, with 127+ million persons, tracks 100% of their citizens and "confers" the title of "Oldest Person in Japan", thus establishing outside-source notability.Ryoung122 02:48, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Comment. I think User:Ryoung122 must not have heard that dozens of elderly Japanese centenarians/supercentenarians have been discovered to be long dead, to be frauds perpetrated by their offspring to keep the pension checks coming. Abductive (reasoning) 15:44, 6 January 2011 (UTC)Replies: 1: Yes2: Again, Yes. They may only have had one ML bat, but if they're covered in major sporting press, they're notable3: I can't comment on that4: Or that.5: As I said, once they're dead, they're not the oldest person alive anymore.6: See 5.BarkingFish 18:51, 27 December 2010 (UTC) Struck, see below BarkingFish 04:34, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Wikipedia "notability" has nothing to do with "fame, importance, or popularity" - the very things you keep arguing. Read over WP:GNG. Notice how none of it focuses on "fame, importance, or popularity"? You need to be using WP:GNG to support your Wikipedia notability position, not your personal view of what non-Wikipedia notability might mean. Your significant interest in the topic, significant lack of ability to add content to Wikipedia based on Wikipedia guidelines and policy, and your inability to refrain from accusatorial tone posts may cause others to endorse the deletion of a problem article that otherwise would be kept as meeting WP:GNG. -- Uzma Gamal (talk) 03:10, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to no consensus/weak keep - The nominator and delete position requiring sources in the article's text is not based in policy or even a guideline. WP:GNG welcomes "ton of sources are available, in that her death was widely and internationally reported" and the deletion position that relied on and then disparaged her "fame, importance, or popularity" as a basis of notability was not based in policy or even a guideline. As for the last deletion position, the nature of Wikipedia means that you cannot make a convincing argument based on what other articles do or do not exist and the status of articles on other similar topics has no necessary bearing on a particular article. See generally Wikipedia:Arguments_to_avoid_in_deletion_discussions#Individual_merit. Admittedly, the keep positions were weak as they relied on her "fame, importance, or popularity" as a basis of notability, which is not based on policy or even a guideline. In the end, using AfD to prod improvement of a topic that meets policy is not the way to go and following through by deleting the article for failure of anyone to improve the article is punative, not administrative. -- Uzma Gamal (talk) 03:03, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse deletion The closing administrator got it right. Nothing on the page established notability. In this whole bunch of AfD's (you can see a comprehensive table of noms and results on the WOP WikiProject talk page) I tried to source what I could (Theirs, Farris-Luse, Chuganji). But the opponents of deletion of Matsunaga made no effort to do so and I could not. It's not enough to insist there are sources. They must be provided (and preferably cited), so notability can be verified. Here, none were. David in DC (talk) 23:48, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Defer any action until the relate arbcom case closes (or, close without prejudice to relisting at DRV after the arbcom case ends). IMO that's the best course of action here. T. Canens (talk) 16:22, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Move to Defer from Endorse - per T. Canens - I was unaware that an arbitration case involving the nominator here was in progress, I agree entirely that this should be deferred until any action is decided upon by the Arbitration Committee. BarkingFish 04:34, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Comment: When I made this deletion review request, it was about the substance of the article, it was about the unfair practices applied to delete it. DavidinDC has been JJBulten's #2 man and i-voted in a lot of the deletion requests. He should have recused himself as this was seeking THIRD-party input, not biased input.Please note that JJBulten, AFTER agreeing to cooperate/attempt to find consensus, underhandedly opened the ArbCom discussion when I said that I would be AWAY from Wikipedia for a month in order to concentrate on finishing my Master's degree in history, which I did complete December 15, 2010.I see no reason to wait for the ArbCom results. The ArbCom was a political-religious vendetta that seeks to block/reduce the scientific position on supercentenarians on Wikipedia, in favor of non-mainstream religious fanaticism. Nominating sourced and vetted articles such as Tase Matsunaga of Japan, then claiming the sources don't exist when they do, or then claiming the sources are not reliable when they are, is typical of the inappropriate behavior that, indeed, should be discussed at ArbCom. But what can be discussed here is that:A. Sources exist B. Notability is established by outside sources C. A compromise, "merge" option seems to often be overlooked by those who try to make this a chess gameWas Tase Matsunaga reported to be Japan's oldest person by the government of Japan? Yes.Was Tase Matsunaga featured in continuing, multiple media coverage that existed outside of the local area of interest? Yes.Does Tase Matsunaga rank in the top 50 verified persons all-time, as established by outside sources? Yes.Was proper consideration given to adequately notify the article creator of the need to "upgrade" the article? No.Were attempts made to tag the article before it became an article on a "hit list" by JJBulten? No.Is clear and convincing evidence that JJBulten nominated this article for deletion in bad faith, as part of his plan to delete all supercentenarian biographies? Yes.Therefore, the only fair thing to do is to undo the AFD, restore the article, and go through the process fairly.Ryoung122 20:06, 31 December 2010 (UTC)"DavidinDC has been JJBulten's #2 man..." is untrue. I am #2 to no one. Well, maybe to my wife, if I know what's good for me. But seriously, as I've said before, I've never interacted with JJB except in the open, on-wiki. I'm a part of no cabal or conspiracy. If our respective edits are reviewed, this will be obvious. I'm genuinely hurt and insulted with every re-iteration of this unfounded calumny."...and i-voted in a lot of the deletion requests." I try not to couch my comments at AfD's as!votes. While voting isn't evil, precisely, it is not usually a good method for determining informed consensus. Arguments and!votes rooted in ignorance of, or willful disregard for, en.wikipedia policy and guidelines ought to have less weight, if any at all, than reasoned, policy-based persuasion."He should have recused himself as this was seeking THIRD-party input, not biased input." There's nothing unusual about a participant in an AfD also particpating in a review of that deletion. I'm hard-pressed to think of a reason why one shouldn't. Poisoning the well by calling my input "biased" is uncalled for and incivil. David in DC (talk) 18:52, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Relist The original AfD was contaminated. Arb Com will decide what to do about the individuals involve3d. We can and shoulddetermine what to do about the article, and a proper AfD discussion is the place. DGG ( talk ) 15:28, 2 January 2011 (UTC)The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.Template:Expand  The result was deletion endorsed.In explaining this close, I'll start with a few headcounts, with the caveats that (a) headcounts aren't conclusive in closing either an XfD or a DRV; and (b) my headcounts might be a little inaccurate. The headcount at this DRV is 42-23 to endorse. Those kinds of numbers would generally need to be associated with a significant imbalance in the quality of arguments to warrant anything other than an endorse close. Two other counts are worth considering. First, if we exclude all participants in the TfD who!voted in favour of their position at this DRV, the headcount is 29-13. Secondly, and quite tellingly, six editors "crossed the floor" at this DRV to endorse the close that went against their keep!votes. Only one editor crossed the floor in the other direction. The above three counts together point to a consensus to endorse, subject to there being a significant imbalance in the quality of arguments that would warrant a different close.The "overturn" side put forward the following general arguments at this DRV. This summary is necessarily brief and cannot be comprehensive:Re-agitation of TfD arguments: obviously these are given less weight. It is well accepted that DRV is more concerned with the correctness or reasonableness of the deletion action than with the desirability of the deletion itself. Note that a few endorse arguments also fall into this category.Assertions that there was "no consensus". Many of the overturn!votes make assertions of there being no consensus in the TfD. Without any support or reasoning, these!votes aren't particularly strong. It is not clear whether these!votes are appeals to headcounts or considered analyses of the arguments in the TfD.The TfD, and the closing admin, did not properly consider alternatives to deletion. There were "alternative solutions" raised. But the overturn!voters here haven't given any convincing reasons why these alternatives are inconsistent with deleting the specific template at issue (see in particular Joy's answer to SoWhy). The closing admin maintains that the alternative solutions were considered when he/she closed the TfD. This argument only has the support of a very small number of overturn!voters: nothing approaching a consensus. Note that quite a few endorse!votes suffer from bald assertions that haven't carried much weight.The closing admin imposed his/her own opinion. These arguments do not appear to have attempted to make a distinction between imposing one's own subjective opinion of the arguments (improper) and objectively assessing the quality of the arguments to help determine where the consensus lies (not improper). There is no convincing evidence presented that the closure was affected by the admin's own views of the template as opposed to an objective analysis of the arguments.The closing admin misintepreted the debate. This is a potentially fatal argument when supported by reasoning (eg SoWhy). But in this case these arguments were adequately responded to by the endorse side, perhaps not conclusively, but to a sufficient extent to suggest the arguments weren't overwhelming strong or fatal to the close. See in particular the response of Sjakkalle to SoWhy.There were good arguments raised to overturn. But they didn't influence the discussion in such a way as to affect the consensus. Notably, even after the few overturn!votes were made that attempted to engage with the reasons for the close, the endorse!votes kept coming, and if anything at an increasing rate (including those from non-participants in the TfD and those who "crossed the floor"). Accordingly, those arguments can't be said to have anything like consensus support. --Mkativerata (talk) 01:42, 4 January 2011 (UTC)The following is an archived debate of the deletion review of the page above. Please do not modify it.Template:Expand (talk|edit|history|logs|links|cache|watch) (XfD|restore)The administrator who closed this TFD has obviously put a lot of thought into their close, but the simple fact is that the!votes on it are pretty much a dead heat, I don't see how this can be a delete close when it is clearly a No Consensus. They've already stated that the deletes are between 65 and 68, keeps at 67 - that is not a delete close. No way. I ask for this Deletion to be overturned forthwith, it is not valid to close in this manner when votes are this tight. BarkingFish 00:43, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Speedy close The template is still in the process of being deleted. Too soon. (Also, I thought we went with consensus, not vote counting?) Ten Pound Hammer, his otters and a clue-bat  (Otters want attention) 00:47, 27 December 2010 (UTC)The closing admin went with a head count and counting votes, so I go by what the admin did when they shut it. BarkingFish 00:54, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Then you should now go with the headcount of this DRV. A few hours before close it is 40:23 for the Endorse. Szzuk (talk) 10:56, 3 January 2011 (UTC)As an uninvolved admin who couldn't care less about the template, I'd have closed it no consensus, especially given its TFD history of non-consensus and overturned deletions. --slakr\talk/ 00:48, 27 December 2010 (UTC)... and the fact that it's being deleted en masse is not a valid rationale for quashing a drv, in my opinion. --slakr\talk/ 00:49, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I still think that going by the reasoning behind each vote instead of vote-count  which is what we should be doing, and what BarkingFish clearly forgot  there's a consensus to delete. As the closing admin pointed out, the "delete" arguments were getting challenged less than the "keep" ones. Ten Pound Hammer, his otters and a clue-bat  (Otters want attention) 00:54, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I understand that for a while you've wanted this thing gone, but the last DRV, which covered the exact same situation, was only half a year ago. --slakr\talk/ 01:00, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Note [24] ongoing in bulk by User:TenPoundHammer after "speedy" comment above. --Tothwolf (talk) 09:51, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse closure - Well thought out closure. Garion96 (talk) 01:07, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse close (having not participated in original discussion)  XFD closes, like AFD, are not mere vote counts. Weight of arguments matters and the closer is correct to try and assess those as well however difficult it may be.(Every article can be expanded and improved. Requesting more or better information gets added is the expected condition of all articles, so noting this is true of a given article is a bit pointless unless it's made very clear why. Most of the important cases already have specific templates (limited geographic coverage, omitted significant POV's, etc)). FT2(Talk|email) 01:15, 27 December 2010 (UTC)No word in bold from me yet because I need time to consider this, but I wanted to give pointers to where we've seen this at DRV twice before, here (delete closure overturned) and here (no consensus closure endorsed).S Marshall T/C 02:01, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse close - I'm also uninvolved with the original discussion. I read through the all the comments and made a rough tally of the!votes. Although there may have been 65-68 keeps and 67 deletes, when I counted!votes based on the merit of the argument presented, the outcome was different. I threw out any!votes that had no rationale behind them, I threw out!votes that were basically arguing that {{expand section}} is useful, and I threw out any other votes that had other faulty reasoning (i.e. "delete because it's overused"). I recognize that this probably opened the whole thing up to a lot of bias from me, but I also considered!votes saying that it encouraged new users to edit or let users know that Wikipedia is not complete. I feel like a) the majority of readers are aware of the fact that they can edit and that it is not complete, and b) if users do need to be encouraged and/or notified of this, the expand template is not the way to go. Anyway, after going through, I've come to believe that there is a very rough consensus for delete. It is still divided, but it seems to me that, more or less, the consensus is either for deletion or for a major overhaul of the expand tag. I wonder if this overhaul wouldn't be facilitated by deletion and then starting anew anyway. Anyway, we need to go with Wikipedia:Deletion process#Consensus's rule of carefully considering, dissecting, and eventually synthesizing each side's argument, and not simply counting heads. I think if this is done, a more clear consensus to delete can be found. Addendum: Also, per S Marshall's reasoning below.  GorillaWarfare talk 02:15, 27 December 2010 (UTC)So let me get this straight, GorillaWarfare. You think it would be easier to delete the template, creating an 18000 job queue, then making a new one and creating a new queue to replace it where it was taken from, than simply leaving it where it is and working on it live? That seems like an awful lot of hassle for a small template. Fix it, don't fry it. BarkingFish 02:22, 27 December 2010 (UTC)With so many of the articles tagged with this template, it's nearly impossible to understand what the original tagger intended to have expanded. I feel like removing it completely and starting anew would be easier, yes. But I also think this point is not pivotal to my argument. If it's completely overhauled without an actual deletion, to me that's more or less accomplishing the same goal through different methods.  GorillaWarfare talk 02:32, 27 December 2010 (UTC)(edit conflict)Well I've had that one explained to me, via IRC. Apparently it was originally created for Wikipedia:Requests for Expansion which died a couple of years ago. It is still, however, used within resources such as Twinkle, as part of the combined {{articleissues}} template. It seems silly to waste time removing it, then rebuilding it. I would be happy if this could be overturned to at least halt deletion, so someone (even me) could fix it with an alternative. BarkingFish 02:38, 27 December 2010 (UTC)After scratching my head for a while, I'm going to endorse this. It was a bold close, and it would be easy to find for "overturn to no consensus", but with this I think we need to prioritise the needs of our readers and newer editors over the wishes of maintenance taggers. Taggers are just going to have to get used to using templates that identify exactly what they think needs expanding.S Marshall T/C 02:35, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Which means that some essential tools for the Maintenance Taggers, like myself, are going to have to undergo a major rewrite. Things like Twinkle simply don't carry the option to enter exact information on what you think needs doing to expand the article, simply that it needs expanding. What you're supposed to do is tag with {{expand}} and then post on the talk page of the article what you think is wrong with it. That is going to slow a hell of a lot of maintenance down and make our job harder, but yeah, forget about the people that make sure others understand what needs doing, do what the readers want. (Sarcasm):) BarkingFish 02:43, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I'm sorry that makes things harder for you. Maybe some changes to Twinkle would help?S Marshall T/C 02:46, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Yes, they would actually. But it's a case of getting Twinkle's creator to rewrite the scripts, and it would mean then we could use Expand, maybe with an extra section like other templates do, for example: {{expand|reason=Not enough info on blah, blah, etc, this section needs to be clarified}} and so on... It would mean there being an alternative to {{expand}} if this was to happen, or the template being left alone and requiring a reason for it to actually work. BarkingFish 02:50, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Okay, I think it's accepted that Sjakalle's close has created work for the people who maintain automated editing tools. We need solutions so that maintenance taggers can continue to contribute to the encyclopaedia as effectively as before.S Marshall T/C 02:57, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Also noting it doesn't really change anything. Even if a better template existed today, we'd still have to delete most current {{expand}}ed tags simply because there's usually no way to fill in a description of whatever the tagger felt was missing, or even to tell if it's been resolved since tagging. So best overall delete all, then if we get an {{expand|reason=...}} then start afresh with that. FT2(Talk|email) 03:08, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I find the need to modify various tools to be an incredibly weak argument for keeping a template around. It seems to lose sight of which comes first - the encyclopedia or the tools. This argument seems to put the tools ahead of the encyclopedia, and that is backwards from where it should be. The tools exist to simplify certain tasks on the encyclopedia. And if the community determines that policies need to change or certain items need to be deleted, then the tools need to be modified to work under the new rules. SchuminWeb (Talk) 07:40, 1 January 2011 (UTC)(ec) The support for a reason was already there, but undocumented. Try {{Expand|article|Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet}}. --Tothwolf (talk) 09:29, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn as No Consensus. On!votes, this was a clear No Consensus. Many of the Keep arguments (in an admittedly WP:TLDR discussion) were ignored in the closure, of which the role the template can play in inviting readers to become editors is just one example. On the arguments, this was a clear Keep, but make substantial efforts to address concerns over misuse (particularly over unnecessary application to stubs, and too little use of the reason parameter). See eg AN thoughts on what can be done. To the list of possibilities we could add changing Twinkle to require a reason be given (or at least, a very clear "are you sure?" warning if it's omitted). Rd232 talk 02:58, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to no-consensus. There really does appear to be no consensus about this template. My reading of the discussion would lead me to a different conclusion to the closer. People appear to be putting forward plausible reasons for keeping the template, and it is widely used. That there appears to be some division about this template suggests further discussion may be of some value. SilkTork *YES! 03:05, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I would welcome further discussion, maybe including some of the people who would need to work with whatever came out from it, like the script writer of Twinkle, and page patrollers for example - yes, readers are affected, and I appreciate the issue it raises, so I would be happy if we could get the finer points ironed firmly out, then decide on how to fix it before we eventually dispose of this one - deleting it while having nothing to replace it serves precisely zero purpose. BarkingFish 03:17, 27 December 2010 (UTC)We've discussed it at great length and in enormous depth, at a total of (I think) four TfDs, one of which was subject to an RFC, and including this one, three DRVs. At some point someone's got to make a decision.S Marshall T/C 03:22, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to no consensus It was almost evenly split between keep/delete, and there was not significant discussion regarding alternatives to deletion (i.e. changing the template). There were valid arguments for using the template in different ways than currently just slapping it on random pages, but we have yet to examine these. /ETCHCOMMS/ 03:39, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse judging by the weight of the opinions. Many keep!votes were with no explanation or invalid arguments. There was misunderstanding about the future of {{Expand section}} too which the closing admin made clear. Perfect close. -- Magioladitis (talk) 03:40, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to no-consensus as DRV is for consideration of whether or not the decision was a fair representation of the discussion, I don't think there was a consensus for deletion, and the default position is to keep. We're not here (DRV) to discuss whether it is right or wrong to delete the template, but only to judge whether the evaluation of consensus was correct; therefore - regardless of my opinion about the template itself - I have to recommend overturning the decision. I do appreciate the efforts of the closing admin to explain their rationale, but I feel that their opinions would have been better within the discussion, not as a closing reason, because it offered too much in the way of opinion instead of merely stating the facts and findings of the discussion itself. I fully accept that the template can be misused, and might be improved, but I simply do not see a consensus to delete it. I think that we're trying to discuss overall article tagging policy in the wrong place.Chzz 03:52, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I'll prepare a list of the keep arguments to prove that most of them were invalid. TfDs aren't a majority vote -- Magioladitis (talk) 04:06, 27 December 2010 (UTC)After preliminary cleanup, they are 16,125 transclusions of the template. I removed it from all stubs and I fixed many referring to sections. -- Magioladitis (talk) 00:33, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse: simple!vote counting on an XfD generating as many comments as this is clearly not conducive to good decision making. The closing Admin therefore summarised the arguments, and analysed their strength, in making the close. HrafnTalkStalk(P) 05:11, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Give up -- this is another failed proposal...with no consensus, closed based on a head count. If you want to try changing the way {{expand}} is used or phase it out, go ahead, but TfD won't do much. Mono (talk) 05:36, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse the deletion close - I am uninvolved with the original discussion and close. Such a well thought out XfC close is rare, but befitting a 130+ iVote discussion that established a policy RFC on how we convey the message that an article needs expansion. That close met every requirement in Wikipedia:Deletion_process#Consensus - careful consideration, dissection and eventual synthesis of each side's arguments. From the close: "[M]ost maintenance tags point to a specific policy or guideline concern" and "request that an article contain more information is not one founded in any policy." "The tag nominated on this TFD is general it asks for an expansion of the article but is vague on detail." Among other issues, this has lead to a "specific concern over the template is its misuse." "The stub-templates can fill the role of this template." Since these were points raised in the discussion and not adequately rebutted, the closer did not interpret the debate incorrectly. In addition, there was no showing in the TfD, either measured or otherwise, that this template in fact has resulted expansion sufficient enough to improve articles. The TfD closer was correct to find "the arguments against the template to be lopsidedly stronger." I endorse the deletion. -- Uzma Gamal (talk) 06:49, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse. I was in favor of keeping the template. But a final decision had to be made, and I will respect it, especially if the alternative is more repetative TfDs, RfCs and DelRevs. It took a gutsy, bold admin to interpret consensus in such a close race and come to a final conclusion based on the arguments. I trust the closing admin to judge the matter and I believe he did so fairly and adequately in this case. Even though I may not like it, I will accept it, as a display of faith in our system of decision-making. --  09:07, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to no consensus and a {{trout}} for both User:Sjakkalle and User:Mono. There is no way to close such as disjointed discussion as anything other than no consensus. The last two TfDs [25] [26] and last two DRVs [27] [28] should have made it even more clear for Sjakkalle that it would not be possible to close this any other way.In addition, the TfD discussion was unfortunately inappropriately influenced by the non-neutral language User:Mono used for an RFC tag on the TfD "The {{expand}} template is up for deletion, again, as obsolete." [29] While it would normally be perfectly acceptable to add a neutral worded RFC tag to the TfD of such a widely used template, the non-neutral language was inappropriate and violates WP:CANVAS#Campaigning. Such language gives the impression to the larger community that the template is "obsolete", which while that may be the opinion of Mono, is not a view shared by everyone. It is clear from the timestamps and wording of the later!votes that Mono's addition of the RFC tag did in fact inappropriately influence the TfD. (See also: [30] [31])While {{Expand}} can be used for non-article pages by defining the first unnamed parameter (|1=), the entire TfD discussion seems to have focused strictly on article usage. This included a lot of mistaken arguments that {{Expand}} was redundant to stub templates (we also do not use stub templates for non-articles), and I think this comment from User:Grutness probably refutes the "redundancy" fallacy better than anything I could write here.Based on discussion from the talk page and TfD, I did quite a lot of work on this template in the sandbox, including properly implementing {{Expand|section}} and adding support for a hidden tracking category should a reason or talk page section not be provided. That work along with more discussion on the talk page should help alleviate some of the other concerns raised during the TfD. --Tothwolf (talk) 09:17, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to No Consensus. As much as I abhor this template the closing admin did what simply should not be done when closing XfDs: they went beyond looking at the discussion and weighed in their opinion on which position was the better one, which then became the closing result. I especially would cite the analysis of the validity of the five examples provided by one participant. That analysis should have been part of the TfD discussion, not of the closing rationale. __meco (talk) 09:17, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to "No consensus. For multiple reasons:First, the closing admin completely ignored that a non-neutral RFC-tag was placed on the discussion by Mono(talk contribs)[32] which most likely had a canvassing effect on the TFD. They also did not mention the notification sent by a IP editor to multiple people, including myself, although they used a neutral message, which is okay in WP:CANVASS. Still, multiple people mentioned it, so it should have been considered.Second, as Meco points out above, Sjakkalle violated one of the most important rules in closing a XFD: He cast a super-!vote. The closing admin's job is not to review the arguments someone else made but to judge what consensus is about those arguments. What they personally think about those arguments is irrelevant and if they let their personal opinion influence the close, as Sjakkalle obviously did here, they become involved and thus are disqualified from making a call on the discussion.Third, he weighted concerns of misuse as against the template, which directly contradicts WP:TFD: "If a template is being misused, consider clarifying its documentation to indicate the correct use, or informing those that misuse it, rather than nominating it for deletion." Also, in allowing such a close to stand, we would create a dangerous precedent, i.e. that one just has to misuse a template often enough in order to have it deleted. That's not the spirit of our policies: If someone misuses rollback, we warn them and if they continue, we remove their rights. If someone misuses Twinkle, he is warned and, again, restricted from using it, if they continue. There is nothing in the policies and guidelines that says that misuse of a tool should result in removal of the tool and there is no reason to treat this template differently than any other tool or template.Fourth, he ignored a number of keep-!votes that provided specific solutions for concerns of misuse, in violation of the spirit of WP:PRESERVE (if we can fix it, we should keep it).Fifth, a large number of delete-!votes were based on misunderstandings of how the template should be applied.!votes like "use stub tags instead" have been rebutted time and time again by pointing out that the stub system is not meant for those articles where this template is meant to be placed. Yet there was no mention why such incorrect!votes should be considered "lopsidedly stronger". The same applies to!votes like "states the obvious" which were rebutted as well but still were counted towards a "delete" close. Not to mention arguments like "eyesore" and "we don't want readers to think this is not completed". One!voter even argued that getting readers involved in editing as a goal of this template would be a bad idea!Sixth, he claims that people have ignored that {{expand|section}} and {{expand section}} are not the same but he himself ignored that {{expand|section}} creates a smaller tag that many people find superior to {{expand section}} and which would still be deleted with this template, despite no argument being made in favor of deleting it. My mistake, sorry, I was going from memory. SoWhy 12:22, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Seventh, the closing admin ignored that a TFD can be closed as "keep but change" which would be a result that satisfied both those who feel the template is too general and misused and those who want to keep it. A number of people!voting delete, such as Conti(talk contribs) and Joy(talk contribs), agreed that the template can be kept, if the way it works is altered. Such!votes cannot be counted as "pure" "delete"-!votes, especially when people (including myself) showed examples of how it could be changed.As such, I think the close, while brave, is faulty and should not have been made in this way. Clearly, there was no consensus for deletion, although there probably was one for changing the template. Changing does not require deletion though. Regards SoWhy 09:52, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Well argued and convincing, and should be conclusive. Unfortunately the brave-but-faulty close requires an even braver admin to overturn the close, in the face of a likely attempt to rerun the TFD. Rd232 talk 10:40, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I have answered some of the comments on my close on my talkpage, and people may want to look at that. I make it a point never to endorse my own actions, but I would like to respond to the points made by SoWhy:The RFC tag was not as well worded as it should have been, and "obsolesence" was not the central issue. However, I believe people who participate in the debate are capable of independent thinking, and there was no indication that the message had gone out to a cherry-picked group of people who were likely to vote "delete".The second point concerning whether I supervoted is always bound to be a hot-button issue. On the one hand, the "head count" is an aspect which enters into the evaluation of whether there is consensus or not, but the WP:DPR page tells us that "Consensus is formed through the careful consideration, dissection and eventual synthesis of each side's arguments, and should not be calculated solely by the balance of votes." This consideration, dissection, and synthesis of arguments will to some degree be influenced by the closer's interpretations and opinions, and cause disagreement. I don't think I cast a "supervote" here, because my opinion was formed from reading the arguments, and not preconceptions I had over the template before I closed it.The third point concerns the misuse concern, but I think the interpretation of what I wrote is exaggerated. My comment on this in the rationale was: "It has been legitimately pointed out the abuse of a tag does not justify a template's deletion per se, but the concern remains valid if it is a template which lends itself to this kind of abuse." In other words, the problem is not that the tag was being misused, but that the tag was so easy to misuse due to its vagueness. Certainly, this close should not be used as precedent to delete all tags which can be misused by the clueless.I did not ignore the proposed solutions, per the penultimate sentence of my rationale: "Some of the concerns mentioned could be addressed by a different template (for example, a template a required parameter to specify what with the article needs expanding), but that would be a different template from the one being discussed here."I acknowledge that there were some poor arguments on the "delete" side as well, but I am not among those who make a tally of "good votes" and "bad votes", before counting up the "good", while ignoring the "bad". Instead, I look for the strongest arguments on both sides of the debate, and it is in this respect that the "delete" side came out on top.I am a bit unsure what SoWhy refers to in point 6, because the template's documentation says: "{{Expand|section}} produces the same result as {{Expand section}}."See my response to point 4.Sjakkalle (Check!) 16:01, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Sorry about #6, my bad. I remembered the time when one of the tags produced a large banner in a section and I did not realize it has been changed so that one mirrors the other. Regards SoWhy 22:37, 27 December 2010 (UTC)You mentioned my alternative solution as an non-clear delete vote, and one that detracts from Sjakkalle's closure. The point of my argument was not simply to cast a vote, because a discussion is not just a straightforward poll, but to examine what can be done. The point of this argument seems to be to enumerate a number of legalistic, procedural ways to object to that otherwise a reasonable and lucid delete-closure. Yet, in the same sense, I'm discontent with how that closure disregarded my argument as if it dealt with a different template than the one discussed - that's a bureaucratic distinction. A template is defined most simply by its current content, but also by its overall purpose and all the nuances of its contribution to all the articles it is applied to. When we have {{expand}} placed in thousands of places in articles right now, that placement has become an asset that shouldn't be ignored. The delete option says "it's best to tell a bot to just get rid of all of those placements en masse". The keep option says "it's best to keep everything as is". But no option examines is it perhaps most worthwhile to facilitate for something else to be placed in there, and how exactly? If the discussion doesn't really answer that question, even though we all realize that it's a valid one, then we should reform the discussion in a way that does, otherwise we'll just keep spinning in circles. --Joy [shallot] (talk) 17:23, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Seeing Rd232's comment below, I think I should clarify that I don't actually object particularly to the deletion. Nothing particularly bad will happen if we just delete the current flawed template, maybe some duplication of effort after people re-tag some articles with another more appropriate tag. I just had to voice my discontent with all these matters of process. --Joy [shallot] (talk) 19:09, 27 December 2010 (UTC)So on point 4, you didn't ignore the proposed solutions, you dismissed them out of hand in a totally flawed manner (see Joy's point above). An appropriate close would have been "no consensus to delete, but strong consensus to explore how to improve the template's usage, and no prejudice to renominating if after some time this proves unsuccessful". I would urge you to overturn yourself, because on the WP:PRESERVE issue your decision was completely flawed in the face of the range of possible options. Rd232 talk 18:38, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse Deleting this template improves the encyclopedia. Thincat (talk) 10:22, 27 December 2010 (UTC)DRV is not a re-TFD. Whether you think the deletion is beneficial is irrelevant for the question whether there was consensus for it. Regards SoWhy 11:32, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Let's see: From those who said we have to keep this template:13 because is better than stub. There are non-stubs that need expansion3 per WP:NOTAGAIN6 just said keep5 per someone else with no further explanation2 "the fact that there are many articles that need expansion is no reason to delete the template"6 "template is addressed to viewers"1 "nom gave in in invalid argument"5 "it's useful" no further explanation or "as useful as any other template"3 because is better than expand section for more than 1 sections or for pages needing a general expansion5 because it's useful for general use when editor can't find a better template2 because it's useful for general use and talk page can be used to explain further3 because it can be used to sections (1 of them changed to "merge")1 because "1 million pages need expansion"4 because not all pages needs to be expanded and this tag shows us which need to6 because it helps find priorities1 weak because sometimes it works1 because it can be modified to explain further what is needed to be done -- Magioladitis (talk) 10:30, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Some things before deleting: We have to get sure that we replace Expand with {{Expand section}} inside sections. I am now running a bot to remove expand from stubs. Let's see how many page are left. -- Magioladitis (talk) 10:40, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn (no consensus) That was not a consensus. --SmokeyJoe (talk) 10:51, 27 December 2010 (UTC)On further thought... This is not a case of deletion of content, which traditionally requires consensus. A decision one way or the other was required. --SmokeyJoe (talk) 00:17, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse the decision. The closer was thorough and accurately summarised the debate. Also, this is not a re-TFD, so let's not treat it a such, eh? - Aaron Brenneman (talk) 13:58, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse Tough close, but a good call. Although I opined a "keep" I see that most of my objections to deletion were rebutted quite well by other editors and the closing rationale. ThemFromSpace 14:04, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse Closing rationale is well thought through and convincing. Closer has dissected weight of arguments accurately IMO. Moondyne 15:04, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse Although wholly unexpected, the closing rationale was excellent in its summary of the closing admin's interpretation of the weight of the various points in the debate, and I cannot find fault with the reasoning provided. Jim Miller See me | Touch me 15:06, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I'd like to see some responses to SoWhy's comments from people making this sort of Endorse comment. Rd232 talk 15:26, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I don't know if mine was "this sort of Endorse comment", but my response to it is in the collapse box below.S Marshall T/C 16:06, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I can gladly expand on this, and to SoWhy's comments specifically. 1 - I never knew there was a biased tag on the debate. I came to the debate from a notice at WP:CENT which stated "TfD on the future of the expand tag". Seems completely neutral to me. 2 - I find the "super-vote" accusation unfounded based on the clear explanation in the close. 3 - Weighting concerns and measuring them against policy is the closing admin's job and WP does not stand on precedent - consensus can change. 4 - Keep votes offing the alternative of using {{expand|section}} were exactly equal to delete votes saying to use the {{expand section}} tag instead. They pretty much cancel each other out in terms of strength of argument. 7 - Keep but change votes are moot due to the existence of another tag that already provides the functionality that would be achieved by the change - see point 6. Jim Miller See me | Touch me 16:20, 27 December 2010 (UTC)S Marshall's assessment of SoWhy's commentsFirst point: ... the closing admin completely ignored that a non-neutral RFC-tag...It's a fair point that the tag wasn't 100% neutral, and that certain editors were canvassed by an IP address. Fortunately, there was so much participation in that TfD, on both sides, that I think we can be sure that all the relevant arguments on both sides were raised and discussed. Provided that's happened, I think there's a reasonable basis for a close.Second point: ...Sjakkalle violated one of the most important rules in closing a XFD: He cast a super-!vote.Any close in which the closer weighs one argument as stronger than another inevitably leaves the closer vulnerable to a charge of super-voting, but weighing arguments is exactly what we expect closers to do. There's a fine, and blurry, line between the closer's thoughts about the relative weight of the arguments and the closer's personal opinion. The only evidence we can have about whether that line was crossed is the closing statement, and in this case we're fortunate to have a very detailed one. I don't see any evidence in Sjakkalle's close of a super-!vote.Third point (part 1): ...he weighted concerns of misuse as against the template, which directly contradicts WP:TFD:This is true, and represents a genuine error in the close. We should ask ourselves whether that error is sufficient to overturn all the other factors.Third point (part 2): ...Also, in allowing such a close to stand, we would create a dangerous precedent, i.e. that one just has to misuse a template often enough in order to have it deleted.This is not such a good point. The slippery slope argument is a kind of informal fallacy, and Wikipedia disregards precedent in any case.Fourth, he ignored a number of keep-!votes that provided specific solutions for concerns of misuse, in violation of the spirit of WP:PRESERVE (if we can fix it, we should keep it)...WP:PRESERVE says "Fix problems if you can, flag or remove them if you can't." (It then goes on to suggest that WP:PRESERVE relates to not removing text from articles.) In fact, I think that where {{expand}} interacts with WP:PRESERVE is in the latter's use of the word "flag": the template is there to identify problems with other people's text. Since WP:PRESERVE says to flag "problems", I think we may assume that the clearer and more specific the tag, the greater is the extent to which it complies with the policy.Fifth, a large number of delete-!votes were based on misunderstandings of how the template should be applied.That's true in itself but it doesn't lead to an overturn. The fact that some of the delete-!votes weren't very intelligent doesn't detract from the weight to be given to the others. I imagine that Sjakkalle disregarded a substantial number of!votes in that TfD, on both sides.Sixth, he claims that people have ignored that {{expand|section}} and {{expand section}} are not the same but he himself ignored that {{expand|section}} creates a smaller tag that many people find superior to {{expand section}} and which would still be deleted with this template, despite no argument being made in favor of deleting it.I don't see the size of the tag as centrally important to this matter, but even if it was, it's not necessary to overturn the close in order to alter the tag size.Seventh, the closing admin ignored that a TFD can be closed as "keep but change" which would be a result that satisfied both those who feel the template is too general and misused and those who want to keep it. A number of people!voting delete, such as Conti(talk contribs) and Joy(talk contribs), agreed that the template can be kept, if the way it works is altered.This is true. Sjakkalle came to a decision, not a compromise. That's why I described it as "a bold close" above, but it doesn't make it wrong.Arbitrary section break (page getting too large)Endorse. I didn't participate in the TFD but i'm aware of the discussion and have been for a year or two. I used to be a deleter, started using it and became a keeper and now i'm back to a deleter. My rationale is that this is a crap templete and until we get rid of it a better more appropriate one won't be created to take its place. Closing admin had it pretty much right. Szzuk (talk) 15:48, 27 December 2010 (UTC)You fail to address the procedural aspects of the close which must be the focus of a deletion review. You basically state that you side with the close because it happened to land on your favored decision. I too want to see this template gone, however, the next time a closing admin crosses the border between XfD participant and closing admin the result may be against you. Are you then going to call for an overturn at the DRV? __meco (talk) 17:09, 27 December 2010 (UTC)It is impossible to be objective when the decision requires a subjective personal opinion. The reasons given were thoughtful and appropriate. I was surprised because the decision was bold but the law of averages state sooner or later it'll be gone because its a popular template - but it isn't a good one. I'm willing to change my mind about the close but I've just read the following DRV comments and I can't see anything that points to overturn. Szzuk (talk) 11:08, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse closure as delete. Admin who closed this carefully considered the sides and the arguments involved instead of merely counting votes one per one. When so many people show up to vote without giving any rationale, and when there is rationale offered that deviates from Wikipedia policies, that is the correct thing to do. DreamGuy (talk) 16:22, 27 December 2010 (UTC)But the closing admin went beyond looking at the discussion and weighed in their opinion on which position was the better one, which then became the closing result. I especially would cite the analysis of the validity of the five examples provided by one participant. That analysis should have been part of the TfD discussion, not of the closing rationale. __meco (talk) 17:14, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse I voted "keep" in this debate, but I can see now that the "delete" side provided more compelling arguments for deletion. The closing admin was very thorough in his or her analysis of the debate, addressing every major issue that was discussed. More importantly, we do not count votes. See WP:DEMOCRACY and WP:POLL. Furthermore, we must remember that the closing admin acknowledged the possibility of creating a new template to address the flaws mentioned in the TFD: "Some of the concerns mentioned could be addressed by a different template (for example, a template a required parameter to specify what with the article needs expanding), but that would be a different template from the one being discussed here." Edge3 (talk) 17:40, 27 December 2010 (UTC)"Some of the concerns mentioned could be addressed by a different template (for example, a template a required parameter to specify what with the article needs expanding), but that would be a different template from the one being discussed here." - is Exhibit A for the close being faulty (see SoWhy's point 4). There is zero reason why making a parameter mandatory is possible in a new template but not an existing one. Rd232 talk 18:32, 27 December 2010 (UTC)The closing admin was only providing an example of a different template. We could easily disregard his or her advice and just change the wording; if I understand the policies correctly, that wouldn't be a violation of the TFD decision. Edge3 (talk) 20:23, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Comment <redacted entirely> - Apologies to Sjakalle, I had indeed gotten confused over S Marshall's comments about them casting a super!vote. BarkingFish 18:37, 27 December 2010 (UTC)I can't see any!vote by Sjakkale in the body text; I think you're confusing some comments about Sjakkale's close being too much like a!voting opinion instead of a summary? Rd232 talk 18:32, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Question Did anyone ever address the argument that the {{expand}} template could be used to point out that a non-stub article as a whole needs expansion, with specific suggestions for improvement posted on the talk page? I know that this isn't supposed to be a repeat of the TFD, but if this argument wasn't adequately addressed in the closing comments, I would like to see how much weight it carried against the arguments for deletion. Edge3 (talk) 20:29, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Yes, I did, very early on in the discussion.[33] I don't think anyone commented on it though. --AussieLegend (talk) 22:27, 27 December 2010 (UTC)A number of people arguing "keep" did so and I don't think that point has been considered in the close at all. Regards SoWhy 22:35, 27 December 2010 (UTC)So perhaps one could argue for overturning the TFD result because the closing admin did not consider this particular argument and explain how much weight it carried against the arguments for deletion?:/ Edge3 (talk) 18:17, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn very clearly a no consensus, and deleting is controversial. Graeme Bartlett (talk) 21:51, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn as no consensus - Per Meco, the closing admin espoused a point of view instead of gauging consensus. I didn't want the template to be deleted. But if it must be deleted, then I'd want it to be deleted because there was clear consensus to do so, not because an admin was playing court justice. --Jtalledo (talk) 22:02, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse - Closing admin accurately analyzed the arguments for consensus. As the number of!voters increases, the relevance of head-counting decreases proportionally. There are very few deletion discussions on which 100+ editors are going to agree in an overwhelming majority. We have to get away from the notion that there can be no consensus when too many people contribute to a discussion. There can be consensus, but you won't find it by counting heads. And anyway, if you liked using {{Expand}} so much, why not just use {{Incomplete}} instead? SnottyWongtalk 22:17, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Comment I'm fully aware that we work on consensus, not votes, but I felt that I needed to point out an error in the closer's maths. I agree there were 65-68 deletes, but there were actually 70 keeps, not 67, comprised as follows (just in case somebody doubts my math):59 Keep (includes 3 x Keep.)5 Strong Keep1 Weak keep1 Keep and speedy close1 Conditional keep (changed from a straight Delete.3 others (1 each "Keep per Tothwolf", "Keep, and piss off with your whinging", "Keep but modify slightly")70 - Total --AussieLegend (talk) 22:20, 27 December 2010 (UTC)Mine was the keep and speedy close, as I was hoping we could all avoid this drama. Magioladitis' "summary" above of the various keep!votes completely ignores the majority of what I brought up in the TfD discussion and only focuses on WP:NOTAGAIN, which seems counter to WP:NOTAVOTE. I think the "conditional keep" and a number of other arguments made by those who!voted delete are also addressed with some of the code currently in the sandbox. --Tothwolf (talk) 22:46, 27 December 2010 (UTC)You seem to be obsessed with head-counting. Ok, the closing admin counted 67 keeps, you counted 70. Who cares? What does it matter? You might want to take a look at WP:CONSENSUS. SnottyWongsqueal 00:57, 28 December 2010 (UTC)I'm afraid your assumption is incorrect. I was simply pointing out the error made by the closer. It's relevant because it was something that was specifically addressed by him and indicates that the difference between the "keep" and "delete" votes was wider, and in the opposite direction, to what he claimed. Errors made by the closer are entirely relevant at DRV so who cares? Everyone should. --AussieLegend (talk) 01:51, 28 December 2010 (UTC)I'm afraid your logic is incorrect. Ok, you pointed out an error. Congratulations. But the error makes zero difference towards the end result. The headcount went from being a boring 50-50 to an exhilarating 51-49. I say again, who cares? No one does. SnottyWongspill the beans 04:33, 28 December 2010 (UTC)AussieLegend has presented an extra piece of information with a declared awareness of its potentially minimal impact on consensus. How much a person takes the information into account when assessing this situation is up to that individual. Does it suggest that the closer hasn't examined the discussion as closely as he might, and so adds weight to overturning the close, or is it an example of a simple calculating error, of which we are all capable, and is of little significance to the essentials of the close? As with all aspects of Wikipedia, we collect and present information, and let the reader decide. Snottywong regards the information as irrelevant. Fine. Others may regard it differently. SilkTork *YES! 12:02, 28 December 2010 (UTC)I think it's fairly relevant, if only to further emphasize that many are misinterpreting WP:NOTAVOTE to be a blanket authorization for admins to act arbitrarily when they can identify a certain subset of the community that feels the same way they do. Right, so we don't do votes, but how exactly do we determine whether consensus exists or not on an issue that affects all of Wikipedia? Maybe the appropriate middle ground would have been some sort of merge with another template, or modification, but now we'll never know because the discussion was shot down before anyone had the chance to consider others' positions carefully and change their mind or reach a suitable middle ground. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 14:21, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse - As Snottywong said, the larger a discussion gets, the more likely it is to tend toward a 50-50 split based on headcount. The closer did a good job of actually weighing the arguments along with the numbers. As Magioladitis pointed out, many of the keep arguments were very weak, and in a few cases, non-existent. Mr.Z-man 22:41, 27 December 2010 (UTC)It's probably not appropriate to make such comment here, given that you voted to delete in the original discussion.[34] --AussieLegend (talk) 23:02, 27 December 2010 (UTC)So did plenty of other people here. Given that you voted to keep it, its probably not appropriate for you to making such comments here. Mr.Z-man 23:41, 27 December 2010 (UTC)The difference is that I clearly identified what I wrote as simply a comment, not as overturn, since the neutrality of a vote that supports your position at the AfD can be questioned. --AussieLegend (talk) 00:06, 28 December 2010 (UTC)I don't think there is any rule or convention where AfD!voters are discouraged from contributing bolded!votes at the DRV for the article. You're assuming that people can't separate their opinions on whether the template should be deleted from their opinions on whether the close was correct. In some cases, that may be true, but in many cases it is not, and no one should be discouraged from contributing in discussions. If that were the rule, then no one who participated in the AfD should be able to bring the article to DRV, because their neutrality could be questioned. SnottyWonggab 00:55, 28 December 2010 (UTC)As per above, your assumption is wrong. I'm not assuming that at all. I meant exactly what I said. The neutrality of a vote that supports the position you took at TfD can be questioned. It's human nature to do so. We're not Vulcans. --AussieLegend (talk) 01:57, 28 December 2010 (UTC)My main point was that while there's plenty of people here who have voted on the TFD, you did too, and you're singling out someone who voted contrary to your position  and no one else  suggesting that they should not be allowed to substantially participate. Mr.Z-man 03:49, 28 December 2010 (UTC)I'm truly baffled by your logic, Aussie. So, you're not discouraging previous voters from contributing to the DRV, you're just discouraging them from expressing their opinion only if it matches too closely with the opinion they offered at the XfD. Do you expect people to change or suppress their opinions so that your perception of neutrality is preserved? No one is claiming to be "neutral" (whatever that means, in this context), we are expressing our opinions. Expressing opinions is inherently non-neutral. We are grown-ups, we can vote in an XfD and vote in a DRV for the same article without necessarily having some kind of conflict of interest. Also, discouraging editors who hold a view opposite of yours from contributing to a DRV is probably not appropriate, because of neutrality and all that. SnottyWongspill the beans 04:33, 28 December 2010 (UTC)"...the larger a discussion gets, the more likely it is to tend toward a 50-50 split" - what is the rationale for this assumption? Where did this come from? This goes completely against the fundamental basis of WP:CONSENSUS because it assumes that discussion only leads to stratification in the opinions of the participating users. If it were true, there would be no purpose of maintaining talk pages at all because they would only cause editors to split themselves 50/50 into opposing camps. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 14:21, 30 December 2010 (UTC)This is from years of Wikipedia experience. On any discussion with any sort of controversy, the longer it goes and the more people get involved, the less clear the result gets based solely on headcount. There's no policy that says it has to work that way, it just does. Unfortunately, policies on Wikipedia have become less like documentation (as they were originally) and more like legislation. They're written based on how people want things to work, which often isn't how things do work. The problem with large discussions is that they're far from an "ideal" discussion; you get a large amount of drive-by comments. People who comment and then leave don't "discuss" and their decision won't be changed by later arguments or evidence, even if the basis for their argument is entirely refuted. Talk pages mainly attract people with a real interest in the subject, rather than a passing opinion like a deletion discussion, so they're more likely to stick around (talk page discussions are also typically much smaller). That is the main difference between something like this TFD and a typical talk page discussion and this is why decisions like these should be based on the strength of arguments rather than numbers. I was going to refer to FT2's 00:14, 29 December 2010 comment, but I see you've already read it. This template has been under discussions like these since 2007. More patience isn't going to make a lick of difference because any discussion is going to be plagued by the same problem. Even if you convince some of the drive-by voters from the last discussion to stay and discuss, there's going to be a whole new crop of them for the next one. Mr.Z-man 18:27, 1 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn to "No Consensus" With all do respect to the closer, "No Consensus" really was the final outcome. There is no maintenance tag that can replace it. So instead of deleting this tag, wouldn't it be better to do an analysis of the "Delete" suggestions, similar to the closer's analysis, and use those suggestions to (dare I say it?) expand this tag just a little. This can be done with special emphasis upon what would keep this tag from misuse in the future. Paine Ellsworth(CLIMAX) 02:10, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to No Consensus. The comment by the user Magioladitis above and his subsequent list exemplify the problems with this debate: "I'll prepare a list of the keep arguments to prove that most of them were invalid." If someone with a strong bias towards "keep" took all of the "delete" arguments and rephrased them - inevitably making them weaker since the person doing the rephrasing doesn't feel the same way - then naturally most of the "delete" arguments would appear invalid as well. This is a textbook example of a straw man argument, and it is blatant fallacy to interpret this as a rationale for endorsing the closure. While my personal opinion on the parent issue (delete/keep the template) would be to delete, that isn't of issue here. The closure appears largely motivated by bias towards deletion, rather than objective moderation of the debate which is unfortunate. Split decision is not a consensus, and decisions are not made by vote, WP:DEMOCRACY etc. The spirit of the consensus rule is to allow the community to reflect, during which users review each others arguments, and some people even change their minds. This is never a quick process, but it needs to be given the appropriate amount of time to occur. When the discussion goes around a few times and people start gravitating towards one side or the other, users will change their votes based on how others' arguments have convinced them, and gradually that 50/50 split will trend towards a clearly one-sided viewpoint if people are listening to each other. Only then will consensus have been reached. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 02:42, 28 December 2010 (UTC)'Overturn;'. The closing admin said correctly that "* it is really more of a policy RFC". In the case of a policy RfC, the closing admin does not get to decide on their basis oftheir own view of what the policy ought to be. In a evenly divided vote--and I said "vote" not!vote", because policy RfCs are substantially in the nature of votes, a supermajority is normally required to change established policy. There clearly was no such here, and that should be the end of it. But let's regard it for the moment as straight XfD: the close was on the basis of what the closer thought the stronger arguments ought to be, and demonstrated it by making the arguments he thought should have prevailed. This is not appropriate--it was not a neutral close, he clearly had a particular position, and closed in favor of it. He should have joined the discussion instead, and let someone close who could ore fairly judge consensus. This was an attempt at a super-vote, and should be rejected. The closer gets only to decide what the responsible people present think should be the policy, buy throwing out non-policy arguments, not by judging which argument they prefer. They're in the role of a judge taking the decision of a jury; if the jury's decision is absurd, the judge does have the right in most cases to reject it & in some cases to overturn it. But the other arguments were not absurd, and then the judge doesn't really have a choice about it. They don't get the casting vote on hung juries. DGG ( talk ) 02:54, 28 December 2010 (UTC)How was this a policy RfC, anyhow? I don't really see it. --Conti| 03:02, 28 December 2010 (UTC)It was tagged as such by Mono(talk contribs) and not disputed, so it was advertised the same way. Whether this had any influence on!voter turnout is another question but one that should have been considered in the close. Regards SoWhy 08:08, 28 December 2010 (UTC)I see now that there was simply no better RfC category to choose, since most are about content. Still, it's quite strange to assume that this was a policy changing decision that somehow needed a supermajority to gain consensus. No policy was changed or involved here. --Conti| 13:11, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Create RFC category for non-content/non-policy/"other" matters? FT2(Talk|email) 14:31, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Sorry if this is the wrong place in the discussion to put this (I haven't edited Wikipedia in ages- I've forgot a lot of the procedures), but I have to say this needs to be an "overturn due to no consensus reached". The admin went on a vote, and not the merit of the points put foward, and keep would STILL have won if they counted IPs. The expand tag is one I use all the time, like many other editors, if I see something wrong with an article I just tag and let the hard-core editors sort it out. This means that now I (and many others) will have to spend ages doing what the average editor shouldn't be expected to do (go through the whole thing and analyse exactly what needs changing, you might as well just do it). Mod MMG (User Page) Reply on my talkpage. 05:20, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Wikipedia isn't about winning. I am puzzled on the other point you raise - "if I see something wrong with an article I just tag and let the hard-core editors sort it out". How does a hypothetical "hard core editor" work out what aspect you felt was inadequate? FT2(Talk|email) 09:26, 28 December 2010 (UTC)I think Mod's statement wasn't written that clearly. I think he meant by "won" that there were more keep!votes - using "won" as "the majority" - such as "and keep would STILL have won [the majority] if they counted IPs". As regards the tagging - I suspect that Mod is saying that if he encounters a problem with sourcing or POV or copyvio or notability or need to expand, he puts on the appropriate tag to alert other editors more specialised and experienced in such matters. I both respond to and place such tags myself. Tags are a necessary evil. I would rather we didn't have them, but while we do, Mod's comment shows the appropriate usage of tags. SilkTork *YES! 12:17, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Okay on the first, I'd like more thought on the second. Most tags explain what's involved - the geographic coverage is lacking, the tone is promotional, it has unsourced statements, etc. But when Mod tags an entire page as "expand" how does he expect others to read his mind as to what needs expanding, and how does he expect future editors to be able to gauge if his concerns have been addressed? Mod makes clear that in his view "the average editor" shouldn't be expected to figure out what's needed when he tags, because that's the "hard core editors" job. I'm not sure that's realistic. Editors don't divide that way, and if a tag is not obvious, you need to explain it. I use tags, but I'd expect to write them for following editors to understand the issue and agree or disagree, leaving a note or edit summary comment if it's not clear. FT2(Talk|email) 14:29, 28 December 2010 (UTC)He doesn't expect others to read his mind as to what needs expanding because he doesn't have anything specific in mind. Why can't the expand tag be general like the cleanup tag? Why can't an editor just tag an article because they just feel there is room for expansion in general? I can look at an article with an expand tag and decide for myself how I can best expand it without needing anything specific to go on. --  02:57, 29 December 2010 (UTC)If the reason for a tag's placement on an article is not clear, I remove it with a comment that the tag's placement is not clear. I would agree with the essence of what Mod and OlEnglish are saying, that if someone feels there is something not quite right with an article I would rather they defaulted to alerting someone than simply passing on by. However, I would also agree with FT that tags which are too vague, and which are creating a huge, undealt-with backlog, are not that useful. I'm not entirely sure how I would have!voted in the TfD - I think that perhaps a wider discussion is needed, not just for this tag, but for others which are asking people to do something, where the action should be clear, and is not being done. It's a complex issue that a simple delete/keep vote is not quite addressing. SilkTork *YES! 09:18, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse. Within admin discretion to read the arguments this way despite the vote count tie. Many if not most of the keep votes argued for keeping something slightly different than the template actually discussed, and there are separate templates for almost all of those mild variations. For intstance, the template that Edge3 asks for above (and DDG asked for in the TfD) exists as {{missing information}}. Arguably a redirect could be set up, but that requires someone to go through all the uses of {{expand}} and figure out what's missing. Not very practical at this stage. So "delete & possibly recreate" is more plausible. Another faulty argument also used in the overturn votes here is that {{expand|section}} and {{expand section}} produce different code. They do not; {{expand|section}} explicitly calls {{expand section}}. Tijfo098 (talk) 11:16, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Thanks for finding that template! Editors interested in using a template to indicate the need for expansion should use {{missing information}} instead. I hope that would be an acceptable solution for everyone. Edge3 (talk) 15:41, 28 December 2010 (UTC)I don't think it would be acceptable because it requires the tagger to input specifically what's missing. There's no option to be generic with that template. --  03:09, 29 December 2010 (UTC)And why must we be generic? We really shouldn't expect other contributors to understand exactly what we mean when we put up an {{expand}} template. Edge3 (talk) 01:19, 1 January 2011 (UTC)It's not clear why "delete and recreate" would be better than just keeping the Expand template and improving it. D&r would solve the problem of the articles that have the Expand on them but don't really need it, however it would create the problem of losing the Expand template from articles that need it, then having to replace it on those pages. Seems like a monumental task either way. The Missing information template is a step in the right direction, yet because it is so specific, it might be too big a step. Some method to try to thwart misuse of the Expand template, such as being more specific about its proper usage directly on the template as succinctly as possible, is also needed. Paine Ellsworth(CLIMAX) 20:37, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse closure I see nothing wrong with the way the admin closed the debate and it was within both expected boundaries and the policies. Personally speaking I have no opinion on the matter, other than that if tags are used sensibly, they're useful, and if they're overused or misused, their utility decreases. Orderinchaos 15:12, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse. I say this as someone who participated as "keep" in the original discussion. My jaw dropped when I saw the closure, because I had thought it was a no-brainer as "no consensus". I then read the closing rationale, and found it to be reasonable, somewhat to my surprise. I've tried to carefully consider the arguments here, and for me it comes down to (1) was it a super-vote?, and (2) was WP:PRESERVE adequately considered in the closure? The answer to the super-vote question hinges on whether the closer decided based upon whether the delete comments were more convincing within the discussion, or whether they were more convincing to the closer. That's a tough call, and a very subjective one. My gut tells me there was some element of the latter, and I would ask the closer to think hard about that for the future. However, the closing rationale does make a valid and reasonable case with respect to how the discussion by the community had progressed. It's inconclusive (for me) how much this was or was not a super-vote. As for whether there's consensus for keeping the template, but in modified form, I note that there were quite a few "keep"!voters who did indeed argue for some sort of modification, and there may well have been a consensus for deleting the template in its present form. I think the closure leaves the door very much open for users to create a new and improved version of the template, taking into account the criticisms that have been raised. So, on balance, it was one heck of a bold closure, but one that I cannot in good faith argue to overturn. --Tryptofish (talk) 15:47, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse closure and award barnstar to closer for taking on such a massive and thankless task. Well within admin discretion. It seems that no matter what they do and how hard they try, closers will be either "super-!voters" or "!vote-counters". Honestly. T. Canens (talk) 16:25, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse it is within a closer's ambit to evaluate arguments by strength rather than by numbers. Tim! (talk) 16:39, 28 December 2010 (UTC)But that is arbitration, which is not what we do here at Wikipedia. The closer basically heard both sides - which were equal in number - and said "I agree with side A's arguments more than side B's, and since I am all-powerful, my decision shall be reflected in policy and further discussion is moot." The point of discourse is for community members to share their ideas and convince each other, and the role of moderators is to mediate not arbitrate.On a side note, if this thread gets closed prematurely, are we going to have a debate on whether the closing of the closure discussion should be overturned? 96.228.129.69 (talk) 18:19, 28 December 2010 (UTC)On a tangent concerning this point, the problem is mainly structural. We are of a size where we usually cannot make "true consensus" work, or nothing will be done. A discussion in which all participants have to be given the years needed to consider all other views, and every last thread to be argued until finally some view gains an explicit endorsement that most or all could live with would be ideal, but is not going to happen in any practical sense. We need to make decisions in weeks or months, not centuries. The nearest approximation is that all speak their mind, and a closer tries to fairly assess from the views stated, the outcome that best covers the strongest points and is likely to be a good guess of pleasing more rather than fewer users. It's not "true consensus" but on this scale of community, true consensus may sadly be impractical for routine decisions. At the same time we (rightly) also want to avoid pure "count". Nobody considered a Wikipedia of this size when basic norms were created. T. Canens said it. FT2(Talk|email) 00:14, 29 December 2010 (UTC)So what you're saying is that we are not talking about consensus, but a reasonable likeness of consensus. If that is the case, then we truly cannot consider this an appropriate close if it gives the appearance of no consensus. I'd say a 50/50 split in the opinions of contributors is pretty much the opposite of consensus, as far as appearances are concerned. In this case the closer is proclaiming that those who shared his/her opinion "won" the debate and no further participation is worth considering, even though no one's mind was changed up to that point.Once again this was not an act of moderation but arbitration, and arbitration by someone who has a stake in the issue can never be a healthy thing. It's like a jury-less trial in which the judge is related to the victims - even if everyone's logic is flawless and the judge acts in a completely impartial manner, how could the public possibly perceive it as a fair trial. Do I have a better alternative for the process? Of course not, but instead of speculating on whether anyone on either side would have changed anyone else's mind, the debate should have been given time to observe if that happened. I think we're taking the fact that decisions are not made by vote at Wikipedia and applying that completely out of context to justify the closure of what was clearly an unresolved issue. Case in point, most of the "Endorse" comments here in this thread are people chiming in just to say things like "I agree" or "Admin's reasoning was well-thought out", comments which contribute nothing substantial other than a headcount of how many people feel a certain way. If we followed the same logic from the Template:Expand discussion (and a quick estimate on the totals), the majority of the "votes" here are to Endorse yet more of the Overturn "votes" substantiate their position logically. By the same logic that was applied in the former thread, this closure should be overturned, but I have no doubt that the closure will be retained because the Admin has the majority behind him/her.Current Wikipedia policies have taken years to reach this point. I'd point out that the whole intent behind this process is to avoid an infinitely recursive RfD cycle...with that in mind, perception of administrators acting arbitrarily and without consensus whether or not that perception is true will ultimately hold back progress on this issue. A little more patience would have ultimately "got things done" faster in the long run. Yes, I wish we had an alternative decision-making process that wasn't so lengthy - if you have an idea there, be sure to pitch it to every major political state in the world because people have been trying to solve that one for quite some time. Personally I would have been in favor of deleting the template, but I also would have participated in the debate and listened to users on the opposing side. Unfortunately the administration appears to have been in such a rush to pass this decision quickly that only a tiny, minuscule portion of Wikipedia actually had a chance to participate before it was closed. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 02:43, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse. The closure should never be simply about counting the!votes, and the closing admin's analysis and reasoning are rock solid and well thought out.zhiki (Igels Hrissonovich zhakoff-Amursky)(yo?); December28, 2010; 18:13 (UTC)Comment: {{Missing information non-contentious}} covers the case of {{Expand|concern=}}. This whole thing is cockeyed, but rather than just deleting {{Expand}}, at least transfer Expand cases where a concern is specified, and maybe for cases where it isn't leave a note on the article's talk page of the alternative template that can be used if a reason is given. Then turn {{Expand}} into a redirect with no output if no concern is given. Of course we could avoid this nonsense if we were willing to fix instead of delete... Rd232 talk 22:15, 28 December 2010 (UTC)As soon as we conclude to delete we ll find a way not to lose the information. I already changed Expand|section to Expand section and I am planning to do more. -- Magioladitis (talk) 22:19, 28 December 2010 (UTC)From your phrasing, it sounds like the conclusion has already been reached this is just lip service. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 02:43, 29 December 2010 (UTC)(ec) There is an extensive discussion regarding this at Template talk:Expand#Type. --Tothwolf (talk) 22:22, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse close. Well thought out decision.--EchetusXe 23:55, 28 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse Although I wasn't overjoyed that the result was delete, the admin gave a reasonable and well-thought out analysis which was totally correct. Half Price 00:39, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Comment I agree with Rd232 that we shouldn't lose info. For some time we have to mark the template as "deprecated" and find ways to replace it. I already did some things on this direction. Check User_talk:Yobot#Expand_tag_cleanup. -- Magioladitis (talk) 00:47, 29 December 2010 (UTC)While the users who voted for deletion have a point, I don't like the chosen procedure (repeated nomination nominations or deletion, until one administrator chose to ignore the [lack of] consensus and did what he believed was right). Furthermore, I don't think nomination for deletion is an appropriate way to stop an existing process. I would have preferred a different way: Make a request for comment; if/when consensus is established that the template isn't useful mark it as deprecated. - Mike Rosoft (talk) 09:06, 29 December 2010 (UTC)This is true. Something as widely used as the expand template, that has been put up for deletion several times in contentious, inconclusive debates, needs more than a week's review and input from a single closing administrator. Ideally, there should have been an RFC and several administrators should have weighed in to determine consensus. But it didn't happen that way. I think if you nominate almost anything enough times for deletion, it'll get deleted, depending on who comments on the discussion and who the closing admin is. --Jtalledo (talk) 12:05, 29 December 2010 (UTC)It was tagged and advertised as an RfC though, albeit obviously not conducted as one (with "View of User:Foo"s and lists of endorsements). --Cybercobra (talk) 07:48, 30 December 2010 (UTC)I am going to make this explicit: overturn as out-of-process closure. - Mike Rosoft (talk) 18:04, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse close A wise decision to get ride of a fairly gratuitous "I want more of this"-template. Peter Isotalo 09:15, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Doesn't really matter what the outcome is here, it'll go back and forth for ages. Had I been contributing to the TFD I would have been going for delete as all articles should be expanded. As for this DRV, I will apply my usual test: was the closure one at which no reasonable administrator could have arrived? The answer being in the positivenegative, I endorse. Stifle (talk) 12:54, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Sorry if I'm misunderstanding, but if the closure is one at which no reasonable administrator could have arrived, wouldn't you be!voting to overturn?  GorillaWarfare talk 06:32, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Typo in the rationale; should have been the answer in the negative. Stifle (talk) 09:20, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse - So its contentious and split both ways and the admin essentially gets the deciding vote. Well I think he's right. He could have closed it as no-consensus, but then what would that have done? It'd be back at TFD in another few months when some editor spots it plastered gratuitously across multiple comprehensive articles. The TFD points out significant ways in which the template is flawed, the seemingly positive uses of the template turned out to be negative - those articles would be better served in other ways. No consensus would just mean doing nothing about it, carrying on as before. Delete is bold and means trying something else, let's try doing something else, and if in six months time, we don't have a better solution - then allow recreation. - hahnchen 14:17, 29 December 2010 (UTC)A better solution to what? One of the main arguments against the template was that an article needing expansion in general is not really a problem to tagged, since every article needs expansion. We already have more specific templates for specific problems. Mr.Z-man 19:33, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Not every article needs expansion. This will allow those specific templates to be exercised more. - hahnchen 22:20, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Which articles don't need expansion? Mr.Z-man 22:50, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse. I did not take part in the deletion discussion, because I couldn't make up my mind either way. However, this closure seems very well thought out and reasonable, accurately summarising the arguments of the deletion discussion. J Milburn (talk) 15:51, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to no consensus as there was none. Immunize Contact Me Contributions 18:13, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse This is a very hard decision, but honestly, the closure is thought out and reasonable. WereWolf (talk) 19:21, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse I just came upon this issue today. I have read the decision and I have skimmed the arguments both at the original discussion and here. Had I been aware of the previous discussion I would have strongly supported deletion. The template is vague, misused and overused. What is worse to me is that this is but another template that enables casual editors, "drive-by taggers", to say, "Look, everybody! We have a mess here that needs to be cleaned up!" and move on without doing anything to clean up the mess. The project needs fewer means of indicating shortcomings and more editors who are willing to fix the shortcomings. JimCubb (talk) 21:16, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Once again, this is not a thread for discussing the issue. That thread was closed, and this discussion is for whether or not the closure was proper. While you have made some valid points that would have been a valued contribution in the RfD debate, that debate was shut down as "complete" after only 0.00001% of the English-speaking community of Wikipedia users was able to participate. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 14:03, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn no-consensus - The rational by the closing admin was interpretative and did not recognize both sets of arguments fairly, and misinterprets the purpose of the expand template, which is not used solely upon stub articles. Sadads (talk) 21:39, 29 December 2010 (UTC)30:16. I just counted 30:16 for the Endorse. I know we don't count, we weigh up arguments, but still it is interesting that the endorse outnumber the overturn 2:1. Szzuk (talk) 22:11, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse. I did not participate in the original TfD. The underlying fact is that the expand template is worse than useless. None of the keep arguments addressed this fact. Instead, they relied on "change is bad" and "consensus can't change" arguments. This template must stay deleted in order to disprove the validity of such arguments. Abductive (reasoning) 23:48, 29 December 2010 (UTC)Again, this seems to be a source of confusion for a lot of both "Endorse" and "Overturn" comments here. Per Wikipedia:Deletion review: "Remember that Deletion Review is not an opportunity to (re-)express your opinion on the content in question. It is an opportunity to correct errors in process (in the absence of significant new information), and thus the action specified should be the editor's feeling of the correct interpretation of the debate." In other words, it is not relevant to this review that you think the template is "worse than useless". What is being discussed is whether the closing administrator erred in the process of closing the deletion debate. --Jtalledo (talk) 00:06, 30 December 2010 (UTC)The paucity of the discussion from people who understand DRV perfectly says something - there was nothing wrong with the close. So we're just left with a rehash of the TFD with little new added. Szzuk (talk) 00:20, 30 December 2010 (UTC)The fact that a lot of people here misunderstand DRV doesn't mean that the close was right. The two things have nothing to do with each other. --Jtalledo (talk) 00:31, 30 December 2010 (UTC)I'd like to think that I understand DRV. My argument Endorsing the close was that the closer saw the emptiness of the arguments of the keep voters. Those empty arguments are being used here in the DRV also. Abductive (reasoning) 03:16, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse closure. I didn't participate in the deletion debate, but I've taken some time to look it over. I believe that Sjakkalle did an excellent job of weighing the arguments and counter-arguments. The idea that a ~50/50 vote split inherently indicates a lack of consensus simply isn't correct, and I commend Sjakkalle for investing the time and effort needed to properly analyze the discussion. David Levy 02:46, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Arbitrary section break twoOverturn as No Consensus - I did not participate in the deletion debate, but it seems as though the template served a useful purpose of alerting other editors and Wikipedia users of the feeling that the article or section in question is very inadequate coverage of a topic. Racepacket (talk) 05:54, 30 December 2010 (UTC)DRV is about procedural correctness of the close, not re-hashing the TfD arguments. --Cybercobra (talk) 07:42, 30 December 2010 (UTC)That's very true. However, in evaluating the correctness of the close, it certainly seems apparent just from those users who erred in their interpretation of this thread, that the TfD discussion was closed too abruptly. A template deletion affects the whole of the encyclopedia, and yet we only had roughly a hundred people weigh in on it before it was closed. To make matters worse, the opinions were split almost 50/50 and the admin arbitrated that people on one particular side had made "better" arguments. Perhaps users on one side of the debate did make stronger points, and later on more users might have evaluated that and put forth an even stronger counter-argument on the opposite side, and maybe opinions on both sides would have changed as the community gravitated towards consensus. Now we'll never know, at least not until this questionable close is brought to light in a few months and the RfD cycle repeats, undoing any progress that might have been made here. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 13:56, 30 December 2010 (UTC)a) 100+ separate contributors and 300+ comments is an abrupt close? How many is enough?b) Closing admin is supposed to arbitrate on which side made the "better" arguments. Szzuk (talk) 15:32, 30 December 2010 (UTC)a) It's not about raw numbers, if it were the deletion would have been by vote which we don't do - for complex reasons. This went up for deletion, discussed, and closed as "consensus" very quickly, and we're all doing this in our free time. Even during holidays most users can't check on WP every day, and even when we do it's not every article that a user comes across the template in question. Personally I only came across the RfD on this template after it was closed and I'm quite sure I'm not the only one who didn't get a chance to participate - and ultimately keeping it open serves the interests of either side since no decision is going to "stick" until a decent number of editors have at least had the opportunity to contribute. As for how many is enough, deletion of the template affects all of en.wikipedia and there are hundreds of millions of English-speaking users, and even if 99.99% of them don't care, a relatively representative portion should at least have the chance to participate. Try this: one person says "hey I think this template kinda sucks", another person chimes in a minute later "good point", and an admin comes along and says "Ok consensus reached, discussion closed, implemeting." That's not going to stick, and there isn't even any disagreement. If it's called into question whether they had the chance or if this is the conclusion of a very minor subset who weren't even given enough time to go over each others' arguments, it was too soon. Not as a matter of headcount voting but as a question of significance, 70 people saying "keep" and 65 saying "delete" and no further deliberation isn't going to hold up very long, anyway.b) No, that is exactly what they are not supposed to do. "Sysops will not rule on content, but may intervene to enforce policy (such as wp:BLP) or to impose sanctions on editors who are disrupting the consensus process inappropriately." I don't see anything in there about sysops disrupting a discussion and declaring a consensus when the side that feels the same way they do has "won" the argument. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 03:21, 31 December 2010 (UTC)a) Ok, any widely used template has to have 5,000 contributors and 15,000 comments before a decision is taken. Probably 3 years. Is that any better?b) Closing admin has to interpret consensus - closing admin determined the keep arguments were weak. Szzuk (talk) 13:05, 31 December 2010 (UTC)a) There's no need to express your frustration by stating ridiculous exaggerations. There's no need for an exact numerical limit, all we can establish from this discussion is this: whether the discussion was representative or not is questionable.In good faith effort to locate the policy where administrators are charged with interpreting the content of a discussion and ruling on consensus, and found nothing. Maybe you could point out the part I missed? 96.228.129.69 (talk) 14:03, 1 January 2011 (UTC)a) The ridiculous exageration makes my point. This wasn't an abrupt close, it was in line with standard wp policy and we aren't here to discuss policy changes.b) In good faith I looked for the right page which would explain it to you but I can't find it. You could ask at the Helpdesk or perhaps someone reading this will find it more readily than I can. Regards, Szzuk (talk) 17:16, 1 January 2011 (UTC)If you can demonstrate that this closure was in line with wikipedia policy, that would be an excellent substantial point which is missing from this debate. As it is now though, I see nothing to support this. You keep saying that it is the administrators' job to interpret and rule on the content of a debate, but neither you nor I can find policy statements to support this - and since I've pointed out policies that state the exact opposite, perhaps you should consider that this was an improper closure. I realize that there are some people out there who will never reconsider their own position no matter how much evidence to the contrary is presented to them, but I'd rather assume that you're not one of them.:) 96.228.129.69 (talk) 19:49, 1 January 2011 (UTC)a) Go look.b) You talk nonsense. Bye. Szzuk (talk) 20:04, 1 January 2011 (UTC)How about Wikipedia:Closing discussions? --Conti| 20:53, 1 January 2011 (UTC)It's unfortunate that Szzuk has chosen to plummet head-first into name-calling personal attacks, but causing that wasn't my intent. I hope he'll take a deep breath and come back. Conti - thanks for the link, but I don't see anything there about the admin judging the content of the debate. What I'm seeing is that "...the decider is expected to close by judging which view has the predominant number of responsible Wikipedians supporting it, not select himself which is the better policy." That seems to run contrary to what the admin did in this case. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 04:09, 2 January 2011 (UTC)If you take into account those active editors that did not have notice of or opportunity to participate in the TfD debate, the 50:50 tie has shifted to a majority for retaining the template. Racepacket (talk) 04:56, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Sure, we can cherry-pick quotes from that page that suit our opinions. Your quote's missing the part that says "If the discussion shows that some people think one policy is controlling, and some another...", and in this case there was no discussion based on policy. There was no policy-based argument to keep or delete the template. As such, the quote "Consensus is not determined by counting heads, but neither is it determined by the administrators own views about what is the most appropriate policy. The administrator is there to judge the consensus of the community, after discarding irrelevant arguments" is the relevant quote here, and that's just what the administrator did, in my opinion. --Conti| 13:13, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Erm, that's a bit of a cherry-pick as well. The policy goes on to say "...after discarding irrelevant arguments: those that flatly contradict established policy, those based on personal opinion only, those that are logically fallacious, those that show no understanding of the matter of issue." There was no listing of specific and identifiable logical fallacies, nor was there a demonstration that specific arguments showed no understanding of the underlying issues. Rather the admin acted on their own opinion of whose logic was better, for instance: "I feel the 'delete' side has provided a well-reasoned rationale that the stub-templates can fill the role of this template, and the argument has not been adequately rebutted". This is a general sweeping interpretation of the two sides, which goes in contrast to the guidelines which direct the admin to disregard specific arguments on the points outlined above, collate the remaining arguments, and weigh a rough consensus. However you brought up a good point, that entire section regards guidelines for administrators dealing with policy. "Consensus is not determined by counting heads, but neither is it determined by the administrators own views about what is the most appropriate policy." There's little basis for an admin to simply judge content without a policy basis, as administrators are selected for their experience with Wikipedia policy and not to act as mediators in general. If after tallying up remaining votes (not necessary, but he did) and showing a 50/50 split, the admin was still unwilling to regard it as unresolved, perhaps he should have turned it over to formal mediation instead of taking that action himself? 96.228.129.69 (talk) 18:31, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn as No Consensus - Initially I have no comment about this but I oppose User:Sjakkalle's impose. If whether to found the discussion by pool or by discussion, or by consensus depends on what administrators' comprehension, Wikipedia can never run. (If you want to stress the importance of discussion you should use it in every discussion, not in just is one) Plus, when closing the discussion, User:Sjakkalle commented several "keeps" - this is simply too much! You may comment their "keeps" below their comments, but how can you impose your idea on the whole discussion?! In China, Mao put his own idea on the whold discussion and it leads to the Cultural Revolution! (Y Hi)  07:00, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to no consensus The TFD debate was, understandably and admittedly, a tl;dr case  honestly, if I had closed it myself, I would've closed it without reading through the entire debate, and possibly closed it as "no consensus". Consensus of such debates are hard for anyone to judge. There were a lot of mixed opinions in the debate  there was no clear consensus to delete the template. So I'm voting to overturn the close to no consensus. HeyMid (contribs) 18:28, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Nice but the closing admin did read the discussion and this is clear from the lengthly reasoning. As many people said it seemed to be non consensus unless you really read the whole discussion. -- Magioladitis (talk) 18:38, 30 December 2010 (UTC)I find the above rationale utterly astonishing. Because you don't care to bother reading the debate in its entirety (and wouldn't have even if you'd intended to close it), you want to overturn the closure of someone who did take the time to read it (and thoroughly analyze it), blindly assuming that consensus wasn't reached? Absolutely unreal. David Levy 19:17, 30 December 2010 (UTC)I believe that even if the TFD debate had been closed as "keep", it would've still gone to DRV. Also, no, I never would've closed such a big discussion myself. HeyMid (contribs) 19:29, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Well your comment gave me a chuckle. I normally say things that terrible when I'm drunk!:) Szzuk (talk) 19:37, 30 December 2010 (UTC)I understand that you don't wish to read such a large discussion in its entirety, and that's your prerogative. You haven't explained why this fact justifies overturning the closure of someone who did (followed by extremely thorough analysis). David Levy 20:20, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse As somebody already said above, this close is not one that no reasonable admin could have made. Yoenit (talk) 22:14, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse: Reasonable close. --MZMcBride (talk) 23:17, 30 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn as no consensus per SoWhy and DGG. Discussion was divided and consensus was not definitively reached. CMBJ 00:13, 31 December 2010 (UTC)endorse closure: As someone who actually voted keep, I note that the closing admin made a reasonable interpretation of the bulk of the discussion, and the closure is thus valid. This discussion HERE at DRV is becoming "AFD Part II" which is not what it about. The admin acted within his remit, made a reasonable interpretation of the strength of arguements presented in the discussion, and closed appropriately. No need to overturn, even though I personally voted (and still believe) it should have gone the other way; I am man enough to concede to consensus over my own beliefs. --Jayron32 01:32, 31 December 2010 (UTC)If this is becoming a deletion request rehash, it is because users keep doing exactly what you just did by basically "voting" and not substantiating. Saying that the admin "made a reasonable interpretation of the strength of arguements presented in the discussion" is effectively what most of the Endorse comments have said, and that contributes nothing more than where you turn up on a headcount. Why was the admin's interpretation reasonable, what were those strengths that were so powerful as to overwhelm the (slightly more than) half who felt the opposite way, and how exactly did the admin's decision to decision allow any further input benefit the attempt to reach a genuine consensus? Please just don't repeat what others have said because if the TfD discussion in question wasn't decided by a vote, this review certainly won't be.Talking about conceding your own beliefs in order to reach a consensus (and your manliness, apparently) is exactly what should happen in the discussion about the template, but that was never given the opportunity to occur because the admin acted like a referee in a sparring match, added up the number of blows, estimated how many connected and declared one side the "victor". Personally I would have contributed as one who believed in the deletion of the template, but I also would have taken the time to weigh arguments on both sides, discuss costs and benefits, and maybe work out some sort of compromise or even change my mind if logic warranted.Perhaps you're right and this thread is becoming "AFD Part II", but if so it's only because Part I was shut down before any real consensus could occur. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 03:34, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Sorry, but dozens of people offered arguements, certainly enough to guage the strengths of those arguements, and the discussion ran the required seven days. I can't see where there wasn't enough opportunity to judge consensus. You're taking this exceedingly personally, to the point of trying to argue out every single person who votes differently than you want them too. That a sure sign that you are taking this far to personally, and its becomes clearer and clearer with every response you leave that the crux of your arguement is "this just didn't go the way I wanted it too". If you have confidence in the strength of your arguement, you make it once and leave it be. Berating every single person who makes a counterarguement doesn't display any respect for the process of consensus building as a means of solving disputes, rather it shows an intent win the dispute merely by being the loudest disputant. We know your position on the matter; there's no need to restate it every time someone has a differing opinion. --Jayron32 03:49, 31 December 2010 (UTC)"You're taking this exceedingly personally, to the point of trying to argue out every single person who votes differently than you want them too." Please read about assuming good faith and avoiding personal attacks. Your assumptions are rooted in the belief that, because I disagree, I must be acting in bad faith and that unravels everything else you've written. "...the crux of your arguement is 'this just didn't go the way I wanted it too'[sic]". It is clear from that statement alone that you didn't even read before responding, since I indicated in the very comment above that the TfD request did go the way I wanted it to - my dispute with the closure is that I felt it was closed before consensus was reached, and people who felt differently than me weren't given the opportunity to solidify their position. If you can't be bothered to read anyone's post before you make outlandish assumptions about the person and then attack them based on those assumptions, maybe you should spend more time on introspection and less time composing argumenta ad hominem. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 13:57, 1 January 2011 (UTC)Overturn to no consensus. As much as I respect admins willing to be bold and ignore all rules, I believe Sjakalle did so incorrectly in this case. This was a clear case of 'no consensus', almost as clear as it gets; I don't think any other close would have been reasonable. The fact that this template is so widely used, and its deletion will have a considerable impact, should have been all the more reason to place a high threshold on the consensus needed to delete it; such a widely-used template should not be deleted on a 50/50 split discussion. Sjakalle's assessment of the arguments was not appropriate here - the 'delete' arguments were not so much stronger than the 'keep' ones to overwhelm the lack of consensus. As an aside, had I commented in this TFD, I would probably have argued for deletion myself; but I just can't see the grounds for closing this discussion as 'delete'. Robofish (talk) 02:46, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Endorse closure. I was following the TfD when it was open, and didn't contribute due to a combination of the closeness of the opposing arguments and the fact that a number of people commented that it was bound to be no consensus. I believe the closer acted correctly and set out their arguments well. It is not the case that they used a supervote but they formed their opinion through "the careful consideration, dissection and eventual synthesis of each side's arguments", bearing in mind that consensus "should not be calculated solely by the balance of votes". (quotes from WP:Deletion process). Eldumpo (talk) 11:41, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Overturn to no consensus Sjakkalle's overview was an entirely reasonable contribution to further debate - it was essentially a "metacomment" that summarized and criticized the views of others. It would have fitted in very well as an additional, quite persuasive post in the discussion, and a continued thread in the argument. My problem with it is that while as a critical comment it was entirely reasonable, it was not a balanced summary of community consensus. There were strong and reasoned views both ways. In particular, there was a strong case made against the view that "all articles require expansion". It's patently not true, particularly for articles about particular stars, exoplanets, species, characters from ancient history who may only appear in a handful of texts... moreover, it's not obvious to a non-expert reader (or editor) whether an article on something obscure and poorly documented actually contains as much encyclopedic content as could be produced from the totality of human knowledge, or could easily double or treble in length if an expert with access to better sources got their teeth into it.To my mind, the really productive and useful part of the debate happened after the 3rd section break (well worth reading), where people started to discuss the actual efficacy of the template: does it actually improve articles? Are there mechanisms that could be used to form closer links between expert editors, and tagged articles in their area of expertise? (Several were proposed, but deleting the template would scupper this.) Once the TL;DR point had been reached, the end of the debate had degenerated mostly into people knocking each other's straw men. Unfortunately it's difficult to get XFD debates to remain solution-focussed (with the honorable exception of CFD, where the locus of discussion is usually firmly set on "how can we make this useful" not "we must burn this with fire/preserve it at all costs" headbanging). But when there is no clear consensus in the burn/preserve arguments, and there is a productive thread of commentary on how to improve the efficacy of a system, then the default position should usually be to give reform a chance. If reform fails, then that will give extra credence to deletion arguments at any subsequent TFD - and if reform succeeds, it may obviate the need for one.What DGG said above is correct - where large but finely-balanced numbers of people hold reasonable disagreement, we're really not a million miles away from plain vote-counting. If we accept that an admin could look at this and close it as "delete", we must also accept that an admin from the opposing camp could have closed it as "keep" (so long as they wrote a fairly persuasive concluding summary - eminently possible, since there were intelligent contributions on both sides available to draw from). So to endorse this closure as "delete", really means accepting that all three outcomes were legitimate summaries of the discussion. This seems quite perverse in terms of the power it gives the closing admin in debates that involved very many contributors; even if "No Consensus" is really so abhorred as a conclusion, I'm uncomfortable with giving one individual a "casting vote". Pick 12 good contributors and true at random from the debate, tell them to read-through it, and ask them to arrive at a verdict on how the consensus overall had turned - Keep? Delete? As a last resort only, NC? - and whichever outcome they came up with, at least I wouldn't feel it came to a single casting vote. But for any of three outcomes to be possible, purely depending on which individual waits in the wings to come and close the discussion, doesn't work for me. TheGrappler (talk) 20:55, 31 December 2010 (UTC)That's the reason of this DRV, isn't it? -- Magioladitis (talk) 21:20, 31 December 2010 (UTC)Quite. That comment is an erudite addition that utterly misses the point. Szzuk (talk) 22:08, 31 December 2010 (UTC)I apologize if the point appears to have been "utterly missed", I may well be trying to be too subtle and just splitting hairs. There is obviously a fine line between a closing admin weighing up the strength of arguments expressed in a discussion when determining consensus (not just a vote-count, which is at least in theory a good thing), and essentially just casting a deciding metavote (bad). If I felt the former was the case I would endorse the closure, in the latter case I would call to overturn. The question is, how to determine whether that line has been crossed? The distinction seems subtle but important to me, and I wanted to winkle out how to separate the two.DGG's reasonable suggestion was that, if the debate ultimately resembles a policy not content dicussion, then any closer's weighing up of non-trivial arguments can't be objective, so other than ignoring unreasonable [!]votes (e.g. those clearly made under a misapprehension of the topic under discussion) they should just stick to vote-counting.If you re-read what I wrote, I have tried to add two other indicators of line-crossing. On policy or systemic matters, I feel that a solution-centered approach should be favored by default if an impasse has been reached. The line should be drawn flexibly if there is a discussion about potentially beneficial reform in a closely-matched discussion: a reasonable outcome might be "No clear consensus this time, suggestions for reform have been made, if efficacy does not improve then expect this to be XFD'd again, with less mercy". A second indicator I suggest is to consider "if we accept this closure, what other closures would be also accept by a different admin?" I feel this is a useful way of distinguishing between a "pure" consensus-determination and a metavote. Obviously there is an element of discretion: particularly between keep/NC or NC/delete. However to accept this delete closure would seem to imply that a closure from the other side of the fence, that was justified on the basis of some of the stronger keep arguments, would also have been valid. If all 3 options (keep/delete/NC) are alive on the table for closure, then that decision smells much more like a metavote than a consensus-determination. It's hard to imagine a situation in which discretion stretched so far that one admin could claim community consensus was delete and another that the community wanted to keep! Surely after a discussion, at least one of "keep" or "delete" should be dead in the water as options for community consensus - if both are even plausible, the correct summary has to be "no consensus"?There is something to be said for metavoted closures, since strength of argument is important, but it's just too arbitrary for a single individual to do it (hence my "jury" comment). The reason I can't endorse this closure is because it crosses all three lines I set out: DGG's criterion; lack of latitude for a mooted solution-centered approach; arbitrariness that "consensus to keep" or "consensus to delete" would both have been plausible outcomes if we accepted this closure, depending upon the side taken by a single closing admin in a closely-split discussion. TheGrappler (talk) 00:35, 1 January 2011 (UTC)In this specific case your major point appears to be that the outcome of the TFD could be arbitrary. This is true - but that only matters if you believe the outcome of this DRV is also arbitrary. That won't be the case. Szzuk (talk) 10:07, 1 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse closure Consensus is not and should not be determined by vote counting. The closing admin did what we expect of a closer, weighing the strength of argument and seeing which arguments were challenged or refuted by other users. Beeblebrox (talk) 03:33, 1 January 2011 (UTC)Amen to this. Ten Pound Hammer, his otters and a clue-bat  (Otters want attention) 06:49, 1 January 2011 (UTC)Could you please point out the policy stating that it is within an admin's role to interpret and rule on the content of a debate? I've looked and have been unable to find any WP policy to this effect, though I have come across policy stating the exact opposite. I'm trying to avoid being overly vocal on this point, but it has come up multiple times within this discussion. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 19:54, 1 January 2011 (UTC)This is described e.g. at Wikipedia:Deletion_process, which says "Consensus is formed through the careful consideration, dissection and eventual synthesis of each side's arguments, and should not be calculated solely by the balance of votes", and at Wikipedia:Deletion guidelines for administrators, which says "Consensus is not determined by counting heads, but by looking at strength of argument, and underlying policy (if any)." Interpreting and making a decision on the content of the debate is exactly what the closing admin is supposed to do. Carl (CBMtalk) 22:17, 1 January 2011 (UTC)I see that it directs them to determine when a rough consensus has been reached, to ignore arguments that are made in bad faith, disregard WP policy, or based on specific and identifiable logical fallacies - none of which were applied in this case. What I'm not seeing is a guideline directing admins to act as judge weighing the arguments of two equal sides and determine whose logic was "better". There do exist guidelines for arbitration as a last resort to dispute resolution, the admin in question is not a member of the arbitration committee. It just seems that the fact that determination is not based on headcount is being used as a carte blanche for a sysop to act any way (s)he pleases as long as there are some users behind him/her. I hope this is not the case, but it needs to be clarified to remove some of the doubt surrounding this closure. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 04:03, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse closure and award barnstar, as another user has already said. I read this close, and it was handled beautifully, looking at the weight of the arguments. SchuminWeb (Talk) 07:34, 1 January 2011 (UTC)Strongly endorse closure This TFD had so many votes going every which way, but as stated countless times above, whether something is kept or deleted at xFD is based on consensus, not head-counting. I feel that the admin made the right call in weighing the reasoning behind the keeps, and I agree that the "delete" arguments were stronger and more rooted in policies and guidelines. Magioladitis' analysis of the "keep"!votes finds a great deal of WP:NOTAGAIN, WP:ITSUSEFUL, "Keep per X" and other similarly weightless arguments. So far, I see 39/21 in favor of endorsement, but most of the people saying "no consensus" seem to be going almost entirely by vote count, which is obviously not how we determine consensus. Therefore, I hope that whoever closes this is similarly levelheaded on analyizing the reasoning behind each!vote here and not just the head count. Ten Pound Hammer, his otters and a clue-bat  (Otters want attention) 00:13, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Endorse. Isn't this exactly what admins are supposed to do? Not just tally up!votes, but rather weigh the merits of arguments presented? Closer's rationale was nicely laid out and makes perfect sense. We need more closes like this, which give us more than just the easy way out of "no consensus". Yilloslime TC 21:30, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Comment - I can see a lot of people here mentioning the fact that consensus is based on a balancing of statements, not on head count. Maybe if the closing administrator had not been unwise enough to include the head count, or mention it in the closing, then it wouldn't have given cause to base anything on. If we don't go by head count, why use it as part of the close? BarkingFish 03:31, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Consensus (or the lack thereof) isn't gauged via a head count, but that doesn't mean that the quantities of persons expressing particular views are ignored. In this instance, Sjakkalle was careful to explain why an analysis of the arguments and counterarguments resulted in a "delete" outcome despite an approximately even numerical split. Had Sjakkalle omitted these figures, this surely would have triggered allegations that no such consideration was given. David Levy 04:36, 2 January 2011 (UTC)I don't think including a headcount is a problem, it is an indicator that is widely used. But it wasn't used as justification for the delete it was for informational purposes. Szzuk (talk) 09:44, 2 January 2011 (UTC)Comment Read the policy carefully: is not to be calculated solely by counting heads. Agreed, not solely--but it does not say it shoiuln't be primarily determined by counting heads, because it is to be so determined: counting is the primary mechanism, modified by discarding sockpuppets, SPAs, and irrelevant arguments, such as those contaminated by POV and OWNership, and interpreting a "rough count" to mean we do not make decision on the basis of 5:6 or similar close proportions. This still leaves the need for administrator judgement: in deciding what is too close to call, or what arguments are irrelevant. The practice of the admin deciding which of two comparable policies is the more important in a given case is often done, and sometimes endorsed here, and in my opinion is wholly and totally wrong and against the basic spirit of Wikipedia. Given that, the admin has essentially untrammeled license to decide anything they thing reasonable, which makes total nonsense out of the entire concept of consensus. I would never decide that way, even in a matter where I am the surest about which side is right. If am sure one way is right, but most responsible people think the other, no matter how sure I am, the consensus is the other and that's the end of it. I can be 100% right, and still not be on the side that succeeds--many people here seem to discount that possibility. That I'm an admin does not make me the more right, or the more entitled to enforce my opinions. My only role is in carefully ascertaining what the community feels and then enforcing it. To be specific, I interpret the policy as requiring that any admin deciding against the apparent consensus has the burden of proof--not just that their personal opinion is reasonable, but that no other opinion would be reasonable. As a corollary, any admin deciding a more or less evenly matched discussion and concluding other than no consensus, has the burden of showing that their opinion is the only reasonable one. The way some people would have it work, I would think I would have done better never expressing strong views on anything, but simply closing the way I wanted to. I think some admins do just that. Or worse, that they do express their views, and decide according to them. How is that to be prevented if an admin can decide what ought to be the stronger argument. The result would approximate the present--whoever gets there first has consensus. DGG ( talk ) 04:29, 2 January 2011 (UTC)That's a good point. I wasn't sure how to say it without making it imply that the admin was deliberately abusing power in this case, which is not an issue here I believe. The admin was clearly acting in good faith to make the best decision, but ruling on the debate "winner" instead of consensus makes the decision questionable. Someone pointed out deletion guidelines which is mostly directed to admins interpreting policy, not logic, but it does include this rule:4. When in doubt, don't delete.Considering that rule 4 is the only one to appear in boldface on the page, it probably shouldn't be discounted. The spirit of the rule (in my inexperienced interpretation) is to avoid disruption of the encyclopedia such as having the decision later called into question, which would result in a re-hash of the decision process. This last rule certainly doesn't mean "don't delete anything", but when the decision is questionable, it should err on the side of conservation rather than change -- at least until major opposition points can have their concerns addressed and then consent to the change. In this case, there might have been a "close compromise", i.e. a few minor changes to the proposed deletion to which a supermajority might have consented, but now we'll never know. While I personally felt that it should be deleted, there were relevant counterpoints which motivated about half the contributors to oppose deletion, and these weren't well-addressed before the discussion was abruptly closed and ruled to a highly questionable consensus. Keeping it open a little longer to allow users, and not the admin, to agree on the major logical points may have saved time in the long run by allowing both sides to hammer out lasting compromise. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 18:05, 2 January 2011 (UTC)"both sides to hammer out lasting compromise". If only that actually happens in discussions such as these. Usually all you get is more and more users adding their personal opinions and stubbornly sticking to them. --  02:26, 3 January 2011 (UTC)If that is true, wouldn't that make WP:CONSENSUS pointless? 96.228.129.69 (talk) 14:10, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Arbitrary section break threeWeak overturn to no consensus. This is a very difficult one to judge for me, especially having participated in the original deletion discussion; at the time I thought that the conclusion (based on my mental tallying of!votes) would be "no consensus" - notwithstanding my personal support for deletion. I have to say I was very surprised to see it closed as "delete", and also surprised to see the logic and rationale for this. However, I thought it was a bold decision and one that was clearly in line with the accepted principle, rarely implemented in practice, that consensus is not equal to vote counting. Let me say, I think this decision is historic. If it is allowed to stand, it has the potential to break through a problem we have had for while: achieving consensus with mass participation discussions. As someone else noted, these inevitably end up as 50:50 votes, with little actual discussion between participants. My other concern, however, is just as strong: this decision will end up increasing the power of Admins, who will inevitably move away from a role of implementing community consensus and towards a role of arbitrating discussions. That, I believe, is a negative trend that would extend the power structures on Wikipedia and move us away from the flat structured community that has been the foundation of our success. As someone else said, this is about introducing!supervotes, and this isn't consistent with the established consensus among users for what the role of admins should be. Therefore, I would err on the side of caution and say it should be overturned, with the alternative solutions for dealing with the problem addressed instead. AndrewRT(Talk) 21:48, 2 January 2011 (UTC)"As someone else noted, these inevitably end up as 50:50 votes", but is that correct? Even if not always the case, can it be shown to be the rule rather than the exception? Sorry to state a point more than once, but I think is an important fundamental assumption in this discussion which has not been addressed yet. If true, it calls into question the entire basis of WP:CONSENSUS which assumes that participants will gravitate towards a rough agreement or compromise as they discuss an issue constructively. Also, I agree wholeheartedly that if endorsed, this could affect the role of admins in the future and thus demands caution. At present "administrators are primarily concerned with policy and editor behavior and will not decide content issues authoritatively" and various other policies restricting sysops from arbitration; so if this is not overturned, maybe then there would need to follow some sort of policy changes regarding admins. 96.228.129.69 (talk) 00:38, 3 January 2011 (UTC)comment This is interesting,because the underlying merits of the deletion are not related to fundamental policy disagreements, as some extensive tfd debates have been, or over the contents of articles about a controversial topic, as most extensive debates here at del rev are. The fundamental issue is the manner of marking problems in Wikipedia where there is no truly fundamental disagreement: everybody here wants to have problems marked effective so they will get fixed, and the disagreements over the template is simply about the details of one aspect of doing this. It's like many of the extensive MOS debates, where we have difficulty getting agreement over equally trivial issues. The reason I think for disagreements over matters like this are that are are really no very strong arguments on either side--we can basically do it in a satisfactory manner one way or the other. I think a matter like this for the MOS must be settled, because we need some degree of consistency. When its a matter of mere procedure, the balance should be to continue as we have been doing unless there is a clear majority otherwise. If a truly better way of indicating problems were devised, I doubt there would be any real objections made to getting it adopted. DGG ( talk ) 03:13, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Comment All arguments of the "keep" side have been answered effectively."Articles need to be expanded" -> All articles need to be expanded. Don't state the obvious."The tag helps us give priorities" -> We have wikiprojects that work better."Some articles need to be expanded faster than other" -> It doesn't work in practise. Statistics don't show any difference in expansion between pages having the tag and pages that don't.Some arguments of the "delete" side haven't been answered"What's the use of just saying that a page needs expansion without telling in which direction?""We have tags for every kind of expansion"I think many of the "keep"!voters have been convinced that the template needs deletion by the process and this is reflected to the TfD result by the closing admin. -- Magioladitis (talk) 11:05, 3 January 2011 (UTC)DGG, while these are great points of consideration regarding the specifics of the deletion, these should have been discussed in that talk page which is now no longer possible. I personally think that if only a few very minor changes were made to the proposed deletion, a large majority would have consented to the deletion, but we'll never know unless the deletion is later overturned and another round of TfD results. The point here is that the admin closed abruptly and declared a highly questionable consensus, preventing further discussion in which very valid points such as yours could be hammered out to an acceptable compromise. (Not trying to accuse you of bringing it up in the wrong place, just pointing out that as users we should have been able to discuss this during the TfD talk a little longer, rather than having a week-long discussion about the closing of the TfD.) Magioladitis, can you cite some of those "statistics" as I think it would be relevant to this discussion? 96.228.129.69 (talk) 14:18, 3 January 2011 (UTC)Aymatth2 did some stats during the TfD. -- Magioladitis (talk) 14:21, 3 January 2011 (UTC)I'd like to re-ask an unanswered question that I already posted above. Did anyone ever address the argument that the {{expand}} template could be used to point out that a non-stub article as a whole needs expansion, with specific suggestions for improvement posted on the talk page? (Liberal education was in this exact situation before I changed {{expand}} to {{missing information}}.) I know that this isn't supposed to be a repeat of the TFD, and I still believe that the closure should be endorsed, but if this argument wasn't adequately addressed in the closing comments, I would like to see how much weight it carried against the arguments for deletion. Edge3 (talk) 15:19, 3 January 2011 (UTC)The above is an archive of the deletion review of the page listed in the heading. Please do not modify it.[edit] Archive2010JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember2009JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember2008JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember2007JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember2006JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecemberRetrieved from "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Deletion_review"Categories: Wikipedia deletion | Wikipedia maintenanceHidden categories: Noindexed pages Personal toolsLog in / create accountNamespacesProject pageDiscussionVariantsViewsReadEditView historyActionsSearchNavigationMain pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaInteractionHelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact WikipediaToolboxWhat links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPrint/exportCreate a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version LanguagesBrezhonegeskyDanskDeutschEspaolBahasa IndonesiaNederlandsPortugusSimple EnglishTing Vit This page was last modified on 5 January 2011 at 09:23.Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;additional terms may apply.See Terms of Use for details.Wikipedia is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.Contact usPrivacy policyAbout WikipediaDisclaimers