The First Ever Mass Escape From Long Kesh!HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesEurope Political and Social IssuesIreland Political and Social IssuesThe First Ever Mass Escape From Long Kesh!The First Ever Mass Escape From Long Kesh!84rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy iskra1916Irish News 6th May 1976Source: Iskra1916Irish News 6th May 1976Source: Iskra 1916Newsletter headlines on May 7th 1976Source: Iskra 1916Irish News 10th May 1976Source: Iskra1916Long Kesh Concentration Camp. The Cage (or Compound) has 2 Nissan huts and 2 'Half-huts'Republican Socialist art from the H-Block Blanket protest eraThe INLA during the 1980'sThe words of INLA Hunger Striker Patsy O'HaraThe young folk of the Republican Socialist Youth Movement are highly motivated and the future of Republican Socialism Source: RSYMSource: Iskra1916Ceis Fada (Long Kesh)The grim, imposing perimeter wall of Long Kesh (the British administration officially changed it's name to the 'Maze prison')The scene after the burning of Long KeshRepublican POW's being gassed in Long Kesh concentration campDraughty, rain leaking Nissan Huts were home for POW's in the cagesThe perimeter of Long KeshRepublican POW's being beaten by the British Army following the burning of the KeshBrits and RUC displaying replica weapons found during searches of Long Kesh which were used in firearms lectures by the POW'sIRSP VideoThe Great Long Kesh Escape of 1976 There has been no shortage of articles and documentaries chronicling the various escapes from prisons by Republican prisoners, however, there has been little written about the INLA escape from Cage 5 in 1976, which ranks as the very first mass escape from Long Kesh prison camp! The first mass escape from Long Kesh in 1976, occurred on the 5th of May, a date that ironically doubly ties it to Irish Republican penal history, as by grim coincidence Bobby Sands died on Hunger Strike some 5 years later, in 1981. The Irish Republican Socialist POW's who successfully made that first mass escape from the infamous Long Kesh concentration camp were:1.Seamus O'Kane, 2.Cahir O'Doherty, 3.John-Eddy McNicholl, 4.Harry Flynn, 5.Gerry Clancy, 6.Hen Doherty, 7.Jake McManus, 8.Joe Kelly 9.Gerard Steenson.The Republican Socialist jail-breakers chose tunnelling as their means of escape and brought new meaning to the term 'Red Moles!' An even more remarkable fact, about the 1976 Republican Socialist mass escape, was that the Irish Republican Socialist Movement had only been formed 2 years earlier, at the IRSP's inaugural convention at the Spa hotel, Lucan. Unlike the Provisionals, who have made a cottage industry and travelling roadshow, based around the second mass escape from Long Kesh in 1983, Republican Socialists have been relatively reticent about their successful jail-breaking methodology. In contrast to others, they have been quietly modest about being the sole authors of the very first spectacular mass escape from Long Kesh.The Long Kesh prison of 1976 was very different from the prison of the H-Blocks era, which the general public would be more familiar with. Following a Hunger Strike by Billy McKee, by the time of the first mass escape the British Government had given de jure POW status to Republican and Loyalist prisoners and the prison regime was reminiscent of a World War 2 camp for captured combatants, something similar to that seen in the Hollywood movie The Great Escape. The similarities did not end there, as like any other era in Irish Republican penal history, the POWs spent much of their time devising ways to go under, over and indeed through the perimeter fence! Like the POW camps depicted in movies, the Republican prisoners were allowed to, more or less, control their own time, with the command structures of the various organisations being officially and legally recognised by their 'opposites' within the prison guards and indeed by the state itself.There were in fact 10 "Red Moles"who emerged at the end of the Cage 5 tunnel, but the tenth tunneller, Dessie Grew, injured his leg at the final wall-scaling stage of the escape and had to return via the subterranean passage to his Nissan hut. The Republican Socialist escapees had to morph into Communist Kangaroos to successfully clear all the rolls of barbed-wire, chain-link fences and the formidable perimeter wall, despite it being bathed in the glare of searchlights every few seconds!Unfortunately, two of the Irp escapees were captured some 10 miles away, later the following day by the British Army and RUC. The remaining seven Republican Socialist prisoners made good their escape, by a variety of ingenious methods. As an interesting postscript to the Great Irp Escape from Long Kesh, several SAS death-squads were dispatched to track down and kill the Republican Socialist escapees. Their deployment had been authorised at cabinet level by the British government of the time and the death-squads were armed with a variety of non-standard issue weapons, including shotguns and Ingram Sub-machine pistols. Their use of 'unconventional' weaponry added weight to the widely held belief, that if the SAS had made good on their heinous manhunt, the escapees would have been murdered in cold blood, MRF-style. One of the SAS death-squads, travelling in an unmarked van, were stopped at a joint Gardai-Free State Army checkpoint, 2 days later on the 7th of May. In contrast to the immediate imprisonment Republicans routinely received at the hands of the Gardai, the 8 man SAS death-squad were quickly flown back to their lairs, following a brief court appearance.Hopefully, in the not too distant future, the story of the great Long Kesh escape of 1976 will be told in greater detail and to a wider audience. It is a fascinating story and a very important piece of Irish Republican penal history.  Iskra 08/11/2020 The account below of the 1976 Cage 5 escape is reproduced with the kind permission of Willie Gallagher, one of the Cage 5 IRSM prisoners who dug the tunnel in the first ever mass escape from Long Kesh concentration camp!The 1976 Escape From Cage 5 "The tunnel in Cage 5 resembled nothing like what you would see in the movies and was indeed quite narrow in parts which required literally for us to wriggle through in parts. Looking back now, it was quite dangerous and on a number of occasions we had a number of cave-ins when various degrees of parts of the ceiling of the tunnel collapsed and a number of times diggers had to be pulled out by the feet. The majority of us who dug the tunnel were all fairly young and had no sense of danger. I had just turned 18 at that time and in the interview I done I described that escape as an amazing experience and one of the best experiences I ever had whilst in prison. The previous May five Irps from Cage 14 escaped from Town Hall Street when appearing for a remand hearing. There were at least two other near successful attempts from Cage 14 that same year and towards the end of '75 we were moved to Cage 6 and then to Cage 5 by the screws in an attempt to frustrate escapes. I'm sure some of us, who took part in the escape, have different recollections. For example, in the interview I done I said I thought the tunnel took three weeks, four at most, to dig whereas Micky Smith thought it took six weeks. Even though I covered this in the visual/audio interview, I'll give some of my memories on this event which has been practically air-brushed out of Republican history.The tunnel in Cage 5 actually began in my pad/cell/cubicle, as it was the second last pad from the end of the hut which was nearest the fence which surrounded our Cage. Each living hut was divided in two with a narrow corridor in the middle of the hut. This was partitioned off into what we called pads, others called them cells or cubicles. They were in effect wooden cells with a curtain covering the entrance of each pad. The hut were Nissan huts made up of sheetings of corrugated paper-thin metal. At the entrance of each hut was a boiler and a small ring like cooker for making toast and cooking. At the other end was a TV and small toilet.I can recall Frank Gallagher from Beechmount who was the OC of the Cage convening a meeting of those selected to take part in the escape. Some prisoners were moved out of our hut and others who were selected moved in. Escape plans were nothing unusual for the Irps but this one had a greater sense of excitement as it was the first tunnel plan as this Cage was closer to the perimeter wall than the other Cages we were previously in. Materials such as chisels and the ingredients for making a small concrete block were smuggled in. Light bulbs were stolen from the hospital quarters which was in a different place in the camp. Blow heaters which were in the huts were converted into pumps for putting oxygen down the tunnel though this was used in the latter stages. Cooking utensils and food trays were converted into digging equipment. Much of this was done by Cahir O 'Doherty from the Bone who was one of the eldest prisoners in the Cage. I think he was only 40 then though he looked about 70 to us at the time. Cahir was a genius in improvising and played a crucial role in the escape.We got into action immediately after the next big search with the first part of the operation being the entrance of the tunnel which would be located under my bed. Four floor tiles were removed intact which measured, give or take a few inches, 18 square inches. This area was chiseled out and was, I think, maybe 8 inches deep. During this loud music was played from record players playing LPs which wasn't unusual with look-outs placed strategically throughout the Cage to spot any unusual activity from the screws. The screws were not allowed into the Cage except at night time, 9pm, to do the head counts and lock us in the huts and in the morning to unlock and do head counts. The only other times they were allowed in was during big searches and what they called tunnel searches. Tunnel searches consisted of two screws being accompanied by a member of the Cage staff who would do a bit of tapping on floors with hammers listening for an echo which would indicate a tunnel. I'm not sure how long this took to complete but it wasn't long. If I had have brought you into my pad and said there's a tunnel in here, there's no way you'd pinpoint it. The entrance was visually perfect and was a work of art. Basically you flipped a corner of the tile, pulled it back and there was a handle made of rope like material imbedded into a constructed concrete block and it was just a matter of lifting the whole lot up intact. It literally fitted like a glove.We dug about 6 foot down and headed towards the perimeter wall. We divided up into teams and worked almost 24/7 in the digging. We would stop an hour before lock up/head-count at night and an hour before unlock/head-count in the morning. Each team throughout the day and night got breaks for food and sleep with smaller breaks for cups of tea and a smoke. As the tunnel progressed a stick with a white hankie would be poked up through the ceiling of the tunnel to gauge the distance and direction of the tunnel itself. We normally went down the tunnel wearing just football shorts as it was quite warm despite the wetness and flooding at times from rain falls. A number of photographs were taken but I never ever seen any of them and the camera may well have been taken by one of the escapees.The ceiling and sides of the tunnel was shored up at various points which we thought were weak with bits of wood and sheets from the wooden pads. It was a patch work job and lengthy parts of the tunnel had no protection at all with nothing shoring up the walls and ceiling. There were a number of cave-ins of various degrees some freaky enough with a few being dragged out by the feet from underneath a pile of soil. The gases from the soil had a sickly impact as well as giving ones headaches and this became more intense as the tunnel progressed so this restricted the time each of us would be digging at the face of the tunnel. Some parts were very narrow which only required one person digging at the face with other parts wider allowing two to dig. We used improvised trowels for digging, the food trays for putting the soil in which would be relayed back up the tunnel by prisoners strategically placed along the length of the tunnel where a team at the entrance would bag the soil and hide the bags between the corrugated sheets of the hut itself. The amount of soil was unbelievable and eventually every hut was filled with soil between those corrugated sheets. In the last days of the tunnel there was no more room for the soil and we had no other choice but store the bags inside clothes lockers which meant a search would uncover them.We were both lucky and unlucky during this period. For example I can recall the floors not being properly dried after a clean up in the morning which would be hugely suspicious. Also I recall a mucky handprint on a mug beside the boiler at the entrance of the hut which would have given the tunnel away if spotted by the screws. We never got the usual bed linen change which I think was every three weeks. Many of the bed sheets were used for bagging the soil and so many could not have been accounted for. We also got at least one tunnel search during that period but again luck was on our side. The original plan was to empty the whole Cage of those doing or facing big sentences but our luck had run out. The night before the escape there was a heavy rain fall which caused quite a bit of flooding in the tunnel. The next day however was like a summer day and a few of us were out the back taking a break. Some of the other lads actually took some mattresses out doing some sun-bathing. I can't remember who spotted a small hole appearing in the yard directly above the tunnel which caused great concern. The talk was the tunnel was fucked, it had fallen short of it's objective, was flooded and at the point of collapse from the yard. Some bright spark, whose name I can't recall, had the idea of putting one of the mattresses over the hole and hoping for the best. The hole wasn't too big but was very noticeable and would have definitely been discovered. It was the practice of the screws to walk around the yard just before the night time head-count and lock up. Up until that point we thought we needed at least another week maybe longer to complete the tunnel but the hole in the yard had changed those plans. It had to be that night or else it was fucked.The screws that night just walked around the mattress barely looking at it and then the head count was completed and we were locked up for the night. I'm not sure exactly what time the batch of 11 prisoners went at, 11pm perhaps midnight. Bags of clothes were prepared as you couldn't get through the tunnel without getting soaked due to flooding which was quite deep in parts and also money was distributed. Lookouts were strategically placed keeping an eye out for Brits patrolling the perimeter and watching the two Brit watch towers. We were all very conscience of the mass escape attempt from, I think, Cage 4, by PIRA at the end of '74 which resulted in Hugh Cooney being shot dead. The tunnel fell short of reaching the perimeter but I can't recall how far. We watched the first escapee pop his head up and crawl towards the wall. Grappling hooks were made from the tubular framework of the chairs and ropes from sheets. Dessie Grew fell from the wall on the inside of the perimeter badly hurting himself and another prisoner, whose name I can't recall either, brought him back through the tunnel which was caving in in parts.We waited up all night watching and listening for any indications of the escape being rumbled but nothing untoward happened. Next morning the screws had came in for their usual unlock and head-count and no doubt were curious as they pulled each curtain back seeing prisoners fully clothed with big smiles. You could hear the odd snigger and when they got to my pad, which i obviously wasn't in, they would have seen a pile of soil and a hole in the floor. There was a scream of "fuck" and I think a shout of "escape" which was drowned out by the running of feet and all us laughing and cheering.Two of the lads were caught the following night, Cahir O'Doherty and Gerard Steenson. I think all of us were shattered for Cahir in particular as he put his heart and soul into escape plus he was the brains behind the improvised tools, lighting and supplying oxygen into the tunnel.About half an hour later the Cage was full of screws like a big black blanket of the cunts. They took us out one at a time, each of us refusing to give our names hoping to frustrate them getting the identities of the escapees for as long as possible. Each of us had to walk down to the canteen between a gauntlet of screws who were hissing and the usual remarks of scumbag etc. We were locked in the canteen for I think two days whilst they done a search and sealed the tunnel with all our possessions threw down it and sealed with concrete.I think the above account is much more detailed that the one I gave in the interview and no doubt other recollections will come to me when seeing/hearing other accounts of that escape." Willie Gallagher 09/11/2010 from: Irish Republican Socialist Forumvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome (3)Beautiful Commentsmicky smith7 weeks ago hi willie thanks for that load of good memories there there was also incident were a notice was put on the pad were tunnel was saying anyone not working on tunnel stay out of pad and was still there next morning when screws came in i was with them for head count and they seen it and laughed thinking it was a joke we couldnt dig for couple of days waiting for them to come back and another fun thing was when putting dirt between the walls someone was ask to go and see if it was working and about an hour later he said it was working great all the dirt was in the yardiskra19167 weeks ago Thanks Willie G and Micky Smith for your excellent posts!Willie.G7 weeks ago Micky, I'm looking forward to viewing yours and Knockers interviews about the escape and the Cages which will no doubt bring back other forgotten memories as it was a long time ago and no doubt we've all missed bits and pieces. I thought the tunnel took 3 to 4 weeks to dig but someone was telling me you thought it took 6 weeks. Perhaps time flies when you're enjoying yourself. Do you have any idea where the photos of the tunnel etc ended up? Chat to you soon.micky smith7 weeks ago i didnt think there was camera in the cage at the time but somebody said there was photos in starry pough years ago i was reading about ronan bennet on another site the bloke he swapped places with when he tried to escape died few weeks ago his name was matt louden there was another few attempts ta. ronan. and hack. got out of cage 14 one night and cut through some fences before the cutters broke and they had to come back that was early 75north antrim irp7 weeks ago great article iskra & great first hand account from willie! you should turn it into a book or pamflet.btw sum tramp tried to pass this off as there own on the rep forum then deleted ur name at the bottom.keep up the good workDanmatt6 weeks ago Two of the escapees actually escaped twice.  Once from Townhall St although the Courthouse was in Chichester St and this one from the Kesh.  Townhall Street was the holding centre before you appeared in CourtSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesINLA VideoIrish Republican Socialist Movement Images The IRSP at a Trades Union protest in BelfastSource: Derry IrpSource: IRSPSource: Derry IrpIRSP demoSource: Derry IrpSource: Derry IrpSource: Derry IrpSource: Derry IrpINLA Roll Of HonourThe Workers' RepublicAmazon Price: $11.84List Price: $18.98Tide Rips; With IllustrationsAmazon Price: $20.00The Politics of James Connolly (Pluto Irish library)Amazon Price: $66.50U-Boat War 1914-1918: Two Contrasting Accounts from Both Sides of the Conflict at Sea During the Great War---The U-Boat Hunters & The Diary of a U-Boat CommanderAmazon Price: $16.85List Price: $18.99Socialism and the Irish Rebellion: Writings from James ConnollyAmazon Price: $14.99The Starry Plough May 1976 (Vol: 1 #14)THE GREAT ESCAPE"ONE OF THE MOST CAREFULLY PLANNED AND CAREFULLY EXECUTED ESCAPES IN PRISON HISTORY &quot; is how one newspaper described the recent escape from Long Kesh by nine IRSP members and supporters. Seven are still free. Meanwhile massive searches and harrasment by British troops is reported from Belfast and South Derry.The nine men dug their tunnel from one of the four huts in Cage 5, known as &quot;mole hill&quot; because so many tunnels have been dug from there. Despite vigilant warders the escapees dug a 40 foot tunnel measuring only 18&quot; inches in diameter. The entrance of the tunnel was concealed by tile glued to a block of wood."YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE IN LONG KESH"!The escapers' first problem occurred when they emerged from the tunnel to find that they were still inside the prison. But they were prepared for such an eventuality. They cut through a perimeter barbed fence and scaled a 20 foot high wall with improvised grappling hooks and ropes made from sheets in full view of British Army observation towers. Then, as one British soldier put it, &quot;they disappeared into thin air!&quot;The following morning their fellow prisoners refused to leave their huts to delay the discovery of the escape. It was only when CHARLES O'DOHERTY from Old Park, Belfast was caught by the RUC in a field eight miles away and checked out as routine, that the RUC discovered that they were supposed to be in Long Kesh! They immediately contacted Long Kesh Concentration Camp. It was only then that the escape was discovered.The following day GERARD STEENSON of West Belfast was recaptured on the M1 Motorway. The Northern Ireland Office then began to issue statements in an attempt to discredit the escape and save face. They claimed that if the escape had been better planned there could have been a mass break out, which is, of course, rubbish. Then they warned the public to be on the lookout for the escapers "some of whom are dangerous". They may be dangerous to British imperialism and its allies in Ireland but they are the friends of the people. They are not criminals but political prisoners. Of the escapers three were serving sentences, three were on remand and three were awaiting trial, all for either political 'offences' or because of frame ups.In the past there have been other escapes from Long Kesh. November 1974 saw 30 Provos tunnel their way to the perimeter wire, only a few got away. One, HUGH CONEY was murdered by British troops, who could have easily captured him. There is some fear that the same could happen to the IRSP escapers, particularly if they should be discovered by the sectarian UDR which is made up of ex-B Specials.In 1972 FRANCIS MCGUIGAN walked out of Long Kesh dressed as a priest. JOHN FRANCIS GREEN did the exact same in September 1973. Since Long Kesh was opened in 1971, 48 prisoners have escaped. Since they are political prisoners they usually continue to be active in opposition to British imperialism in Ireland whereas if they were mere criminals they would presumably leave the country altogether. This fact accounts for the recapture of 35 of the 48 escapers. There are over 1200 political prisoners in Long Kesh.HENRY DOGHERTY, BRENDAN MCMANUS, HAROLD FLYNN, (all from Belfast), GERALD CLANCY (Tyrone), JOHN KELLY, JOHN EDDIE MCNICHOL and SEAMUS O'KANE (all from South Derry) are still at liberty as we go to press. We salute their ingenuity, courage and skill and hope that their freedom will be long and fruitful to the struggle against British imperialism in Ireland.TWO ESCAPED BEFORETwo of the men who are still free, 'Hen' DOGHERTY of Dock Row, Belfast and Harry Flynn of Springhill Avenue, Belfast, have escaped before and were only a few months in Long Kesh. Last May, while appearing in the Crown Court in Crumlin Road they stood on each others shoulders to reach the ceiling of their cell. They broke a hole in the skylight with a bench from the cell and went onto the roof. From there they entered the nearby firestation and nonchalantly four of them walked out the front door. Unfortunately, the last man out didn't knowit was intended to walk out as the escape was an impromptu affair, and ran full speed up the Crumlin Road. The RUC saw him and shouted "halt", so that the other four scuppered up the road after their comrade with bullets whistling around their ears. They all got away. Dogherty and Flynn were recaptured about three months ago in Belfast."From: The Starry Plough May 1976 (Vol: 1 #14)Further Articles By IskraJustice For Robert LewandowskiA terrible injustice was visited upon a Belfast homeless man, Robert Lewandowski, who was jailed on the 29th of December 2010 at thelocal Magistrates Court, for the simple reason that he sought shelter in an... - 8 days agoWater Shortage Chaos in North of IrelandFollowing the near Arctic conditions that Ireland experienced in the run-up to the Christmas period of 2010, the North ofIreland is now experiencing severe water shortages! Many homes in the Northern 6... - 10 days agoJulian Assange - The USA's LitvinenkoThe Western Superpower's 'Litvinenko'  Julian Assange and Wikileaks have figured heavily in news headlines globally for over a month. Perhaps not surprisingly, the serious allegations against Assange have... - 12 days agoIreland's White Christmas ChaosChristmas 2010 has seen Ireland experiencing the coldest weather in at least a generation! For almost a week temperatures have not risen above freezing, most areas are covered in snow and Western Ireland has... - 2 weeks agoHelium Gas TragedyIn November 2010 a 13 year old schoolgirl, Jordan McDowell, from Monkstown near Belfast, died from the effects of inhaling Helium gas used for inflating party balloons. Up until Jordan's tragic death the... - 3 weeks agoI.R.S.P 2011 Calendar - Now Available!The Irish Republican Socialist Party's 2011 calendar is now available!  The Irish Republican Socialist Movement 2011 calendar contains images of IRSP activism throughout the year, memorials to INLA Volunteers... - 4 weeks agoThe  I.R.S.P - Radical Irish RepublicanismThe Irish Republican Socialist Party has, since it's formation in 1974, always been the most radical and progressive grouping within Irish Republican politics. Since it's foundation the Irish Republican... - 4 weeks agoBelfast DoorstaffBeing a 'Bouncer', or 'Door-Supervisor' as it is now officially called during the era of regulation and registration, has always been a thankless task, with few perks, work related benefits or employer... - 5 weeks agoNews From IrelandParties unite against dissidentsBBC News6 days agoThe mainstream political parties in Londonderry unite to urge dissident republicans to end their armed campaign.House Republicans to support Say as speakerHonolulu Star-Advertiser32 hours agoState House Republicans agreed yesterday to back House Speaker Calvin Say, a commitment that could break a leadership stalemate that has divided majority Democrats.Forget the myths, Adams didn't trade lives for votesBelfast Telegraph4 days agoIt is a historical feature of Irish republicanism that rival factions have vied for the status of legitimate claimants to the republican mantle, utilising republican icons both from the living and deceased in pursuit of that objective. Related Stories One year on and poverty is now the big killer in Haiti Northern Ireland ministers must stop blaming Troubles for our woes No toffs except on telly ...Preparing for More Reagan Mythologyconsortiumnews.com2 days agoEditors Note: Republicans and the Right have demonstrated again and again that they grasp the value of myth-making, as has been best demonstrated by their relentless hero worship of Ronald Reagan.Four Democratic senators break away from conferenceThe Buffalo News4 days agoALBANY - Four Democratic senators this morning broke away from their Democratic conference, insisting its current leaders are too vested in personal power over policy.EKU hosting professional development sessions on using arts in classroomsRichmond Register3 days agoThe Arts and Humanities Collaborative in Eastern Kentucky Universitys College of Education is sponsoring 11 professional development sessions for K-12 teachers throughout the Universitys service region.GOP Backs Calvin Say For House SpeakerKITV Honolulu41 hours agoDemocratic House Speaker Calvin Say could keep his leadership position with the help from Republicans.Despite rift, Democrats back Sepe for chairmanshipThe Providence Journal3 days agoMichael Sepe was blamed for failing to ease tensions in the party following the election, but he retains his postDoll Heart Candy JewelleryDoll Heart Candy - Vintage Pin up Girl NecklacesDoll Heart Candy - Vintage Pin Up Girl Necklace At Doll Heart Candy we have introduced a line of vintage necklaces inspired by old sailor Pin Up Girl tattoos and vintage Detective Comics. The pendants on the... - 7 weeks agoDoll Heart Candy -  Vintage Boho Jewellery LineAt Doll Heart Candy we have just lauched a boho line of jewellery, influenced by the style of icons such as Edie Sedgwick and Sienna Miller. Inspired by the 1960's era, the collection of bracelets, necklaces... - 7 weeks agoCheryl Cole Wears Doll Heart Candy Bracelets on X FactorCheryl wears bracelets from online jewellery store Doll Heart Candy at X Factor auditions in Dublin Eagled eyed viewers of the X Factor will have noticed that Cheryl Cole was sporting bracelets from Doll Heart... - 4 months agoMEN - How to Make Sure Your Girlfriend is Faithful When She Is On A Night OutMen of the land I come here to help with your number one relationship problem...YES...YES...THAT one.....how you can ensure your girlfriend stays faithful. Ever sat at home while your girlfriend is on a night... - 6 months agoWomen - How to Ward Off Unwanted Attention from MenWomen- ever wondered how to ward off unwanted attention from the opposite sex??? We have all been there. You are trying to have a night out with the girls, and that guy you have told in no uncertain terms... - 6 months agoSex and The City Jewellery and Where to Find it OnlineSex and The City 2 has hitour cinema screens and there thousands upon thousands of queries throughout the web looking for Sex and The City style clothing, shoes and jewellery. I run the online jewellery... - 6 months agoDoll Heart Candy - Dolly Allsorts BraceletsAt Doll Heart Candy we have a fantastic range of bracelets. One of our more popular designs is the Dolly Allsorts range. The Dolly Allsorts Bracelets are based on the famous Bassett's Liquorice... - 8 months agoDoll Heart Candy JewelleryDOLL HEART CANDY - vintage, kitsch, retro jewellery, charms, bracelets - Welcome to DOLL HEART CANDYHome page88iskra1916From Belfast, Ireland.124 Followers155 HubsJoined 14 months agoRead more hubs by iskra1916Contact iskra1916Follow iskra1916Subscribe to iskra1916's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk iskra1916 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsIs This Good Justice If A Rapist is Allowed To Escape Criminal Prosecution By Marrying The Victim?asked by ngureco 10 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionis mass imigration damaging canada.asked by nightwork4 2 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsA Guide To Dissident Republicansby iskra1916Imprisonment of women and children in Grangegorman Female...by viking305Remembering the Emergency during World War Two. Rationing...by viking305Kevin Barry, hanged at 18 years old fighting for Irish...by viking305Crumlin Road Prison Escapesby iskra1916Crumlin Road Prisonby iskra1916 Ireland Political and Social Issues ForumTopicRepliesWhats the Answer to this Problemposted by theirishobserver.16President Ordered Murder of Young Motherposted by theirishobserver.10'The Lisbon Treaty -Ireland October 2nd- Yes or Noposted by ScarletRyan197024Post a new topicTagshunger strike irsp inla willie gallagher great long kesh escape great long kesh escape 1976 Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.577 sec)  working