Talk:William Slim, 1st Viscount Slim - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaTalk:William Slim, 1st Viscount SlimFrom Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaJump to: navigation,searchThis article is of interest to the following WikiProjects:WikiProject Biography / Military / Peerage and Baronetage(Rated B-class)BiographyWikipedia:WikiProject BiographyTemplate:WikiProject Biographybiography articlesBiography portalvdeThis article is within the scope of WikiProject Biography, a collaborative effort to create, develop and organize Wikipedia's articles about people. All interested editors are invited to join the project and contribute to the discussion. For instructions on how to use this banner, please refer to the documentation.BThis article has been rated as B-Class on the project's quality scale.This article is supported by the military biography work group.This article is supported by WikiProject Peerage and Baronetage.Military history WikiProject(Rated B-Class)This article is within the scope of the Military history WikiProject. If you would like to participate, please visit the project page, where you can join the project and see lists of open tasks along with regional and topical task forces. To use this banner, please see the full instructions.BThis article has been rated as B-Class on the quality scale.Additional information and associated task forces and special projects:This article has been checked against the following criteria for B-Class status: Referencing and citation: criterion met Coverage and accuracy: criterion met Structure: criterion met Grammar: criterion met Supporting materials: criterion metAssociated task forces (general topics):Military biography task forceAssociated task forces (nations and regions):British military history task forceAssociated task forces (periods and conflicts):World War I task forceWorld War II task forceWikiProject Myanmar (Burma)(Rated B-class, Mid-importance)Myanmar (Burma)Wikipedia:WikiProject Myanmar (Burma)Template:WikiProject Myanmar (Burma)Myanmar articlesvdeWilliam Slim, 1st Viscount Slim is part of WikiProject Myanmar (Burma), a project to improve all Burma related articles on Wikipedia. The WikiProject is also a part of the Counteracting systemic bias group on Wikipedia aiming to provide a wider and more detailed coverage on countries and areas of the encyclopedia which are notably less developed than the rest. If you would like to help improve this and other Burmese-related articles, please join the project. All interested editors are welcome.BThis article has been rated as B-Class on the project's quality scale.MidThis article has been rated as Mid-importance on the project's importance scale.Myanmar (Burma) To-do:edit history watch purgeedit history watch refresh To-do list for WikiProject Burma (Myanmar):Here are some tasks you can do:Article requests: create requested articles on Burmese subjects, develop articles on states/local divisions of the country and articles on smaller towns and villagesExpand: Top-importance and High-importance articlesNPOV: 2007 Burmese anti-government protestsStubs: Category:Burma stubsVerify: add sources to Unreferenced BLPsWikiProject Australia / Politics(Rated B-class, Mid-importance)AustraliaWikipedia:WikiProject AustraliaTemplate:WikiProject AustraliaAustralia articlesAustralia portalvdeWilliam Slim, 1st Viscount Slim is within the scope of WikiProject Australia, which aims to improve Wikipedia's coverage of Australia and Australia-related topics. If you would like to participate, visit the project page.BThis article has been rated as B-Class on the project's quality scale.MidThis article has been rated as Mid-importance on the project's importance scale.This article is supported by WikiProject Australian politics.Contents1 Misc2 Infobox3 Allegations reported in media3.1 Allegations of Sexual Misconduct4 Correct Title5 Slim / British Army ranking6 Further reading7 Slim's retirement8 language skills[edit] MiscAccording to the Oxford Companion of Military History (OUP, Oxford), ISBN 0198662092Slim won the Military Cross in MesopotamiaSlim became Allied Land Forces commander SE Asia after the fall of Rangoon, but before the end of the war. (This is also what Slim says in Defeat into Victory)What Slim doesn't mention, but the Oxford CoMH does, is that Leese, (his predecessor, posted in from the Med) whilst planning the re-taking of Malaya decided that Slim was not sufficiently of his way of thinking, and relieved him as commander of XIV Army. Slim then asked to be allowed to retire, and his subordinates made their feelings known; Alanbrooke relieved Leese instead, and gave his job to Slim.INDEED, methinks this "episode" definately deserves mentioning in the article as a. it's an important event and b. defines Slim and his "worth" -- user:fdewaele, 16 November 2006, 22:33.Whilst the Australians were doubtless right to warm to Slim as a decent bloke rather than a stuffed shirt, he had not "risen from the ranks" in the normal sense of the phrase. He had been in the OTC at University, joined up on the outbreak of war and was commissioned within a month.(and surely Field Marshal is a rank/honour you never retire from?)Rjccumbria 22:37, 16 May 2005 (UTC)I have deleted "risen from the ranks."Even Field Marshals have to retire eventually. Slim had not retired from the Army while he was Governor-General. He was therefore still "Field Marshall Slim" and not "Field Marshal (ret) Slim" or something like that (as is the present Governor-General, Maj-Gen (ret) Jeffery). Adam 01:49, 17 May 2005 (UTC)What Rjcumbria said rings a bell - I think he is right - Field Marshals cannot retire. I think perhaps they stay on the active list although obviously they can leave a post (eg command of an army or a governor-generalship etc). I'm not sure where that comes from (or why) and it's not in the article on field marshals. Not really relevant, but interesting:) Wiki-Ed 12:51, 15 August 2005 (UTC)I have re-inserted the bit about the contrast between Slim's statue and the other two of Alabrooke and Montgomery. I believe the contrast is deliberate, Slim is shown as the most human of the 3 and his uniform / pose reflects his empathy with his troops in contrast to the aloof Montgomery and the distant Allanbrooke.Anyone wishing to verify this has merely to check the other two statues on the web or wiki.The bit about him watching 10 Downing Street is verifiable by visiting the statue.HTHRoger83.67.126.86 (talk) 05:41, 10 December 2007 (UTC)Portrait of Viscount Slim... is there a place on this entry where this information would fit? Hi, I am new to this. I have done some research and found that there is a portrait of Viscount Slim in the Ground floor Waiting Room at Seaford House, Belgravia... now a Defence Academy. The web address is http://www.da.mod.uk/colleges/rcds/About_Us/copy_of_index_html The description of the painting is "Field Marshal Viscount Slim (first post-war Commandant) by James Romaine Govett. On loan from the present Viscount Slim." Thanks ```` Preceding unsigned comment added by Drewand226 (talk  contribs) 09:04, 18 August 2008 (UTC)[edit] InfoboxI replaced the Governor General with a Military Person infobox, which WikiProject Military history has just created. I noticed that it was fairly quickly removed, though. I replaced the military box, as I believe Slim is first and foremost remembered as a general, his biographies focus almost exclusively on this aspect for example, and only afterwards on his later political and ceremonial career as Governor General. Does anyone else have any thoughts on this? I suspect that this problem will occur in the future for a number of other figures who have gone on to have political careers. Leithp 08:15, 13 February 2006 (UTC)There are several arguments for using the Governor-General infobox:It is part of series which people can click through to follow the succession of Governors-GeneralBeing the Queen's Vice-Regal representative tops being a Field-MarshalIn Australia Slim is best remembered as a Governor-General"Military Person" is a ridiculously broad and amorphous category of people - are you going to make hundreds and hundreds of infoboxes? "Governer-General of Australia" is a distinct sequence of 24.Adam 08:40, 13 February 2006 (UTC)One of the problems I have with the Governor General Infobox is that it doesn't convey much information beyond that covered by the succession box at the bottom. Also, I'm not arguing that the post isn't important, but as I said it's not really what Slim's place in history is built on. And yes, the plan is to roll out the Military Person box for every substantial military biography article, much like the other projects such as the Military conflict infobox already carried out. Leithp 09:16, 13 February 2006 (UTC)Might it be possible to adapt the "Later work" field of {{Infobox Military Person}} to contain the needed information about his political career? Kirill Lokshin 16:44, 13 February 2006 (UTC)When there are already two different sucession boxes in the article showing his position in the line of Governor-Generals and Slim is remembered best internationally as a Field Marshal, I agree that the military person infobox should take precedence. A link in the 'later work' field can jump down to the section on that of his life. --Loopy e 18:39, 13 February 2006 (UTC)I hope this is in the right place (new to this)Re Nickname - Slim was known to 14th army as 'Uncle Bill' not 'Bill Slim' - if he is to be ascribed an nickname it should be 'Uncle Bill'.One of his key attributes as a general was his skill as a communicator - a fact directly linked to his writing career.His autobiography 'Defeat Into Victory' is widely-acknowledged as one of the best books writtn by a General ever - certainly a better source than John Keegan's book.Also 'Slim - The Standard Bearer' Ronald Lewin is to be recommended. (reviewed here http://www.findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0IAV/is_2_90/ai_76736967)- this book makes a further key point you don't include - Slim was the first Indian Army officer to be appointed CIGS - a tribute to his outstanding talents.I hope this helps[edit] Allegations reported in mediaThe following is text that I've included in the article but has been deleted by editors:[edit] Allegations of Sexual MisconductThis section documents a current event. Information may change rapidly as the event progresses.However, Slim's time as Governor-General have been brought in to question by recent comments by David Hill, a former managing director of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. Accusations were reported in April 2007 that Slim, whilst he was in the Governor-General's official vehicle, had sexually assaulted a school boy from Fairbridge Farm School, in country New South Wales. David Hill stated that the material was not included in a recent book he had written about Slim due to a lack of corroboration; however, since that time, it was reported that another person had made allegations of sexual misconduct involving Slim. [1]I leave it open to the consensus of the community whether this should be included in the article. I agree that the material has not been proven; but as you can see in this text, we are merely stating that it has been reported in the mainstream media. I would seek that the information be included as it is relevant. But I leave it to the community. Views? MojoTas 07:03, 1 May 2007 (UTC)Keep it out unless/until proven. Do you believe everything you read in the papers? GrahamBould 08:25, 1 May 2007 (UTC)If the allegations were the subject of numerous reports, I think it would be OK to mention briefly. I'd prefer a more robust source than that terse ABC article, though, such as The Australian article.--cj | talk 13:08, 3 May 2007 (UTC)There was an article on the matter in The Age, 28 April, titled "Revered governor-general accused of abuse". It includes the sentence "David Hill, a former managing director of the ABC and a staunch republican, has claimed that the war hero and 13th governor-general of Australia had groped students at the Fairbridge Farm School at Molong when he visited in 1955". That may just have been licence on the part of the article's author Damien Murphy. I heard David Hill interviewed by Margaret Throsby a few days later and they discussed the matter. Hill took some pains to point out that he was not claiming Slim had been guilty of abuse, but was merely reporting that someone else had claimed this. I think the allegations merit inclusion in Slim's article, because the existence of the allegations is factual and referencable. Whether the claims are true is an entirely different question. JackofOz 12:24, 25 May 2007 (UTC)A third hand, uncorroborated accusation would not stand up in any libel court in the world: I think this would be an appropriate acid test for inclusion and on that basis it should not go in. --hydeblake 14:18, 6 June2007 (UTC)This information should NOT be included - it's 3rd hand hearsay.There's barely enough on Slim's qualities and achievements (true and verifiable) without including rumour which may have, as the info above suggests, a political origin.Certainly no other reports of anything like this have ever surfaced about Slim. In fact, part from tittle-tattle by an Australian republican, there's hardly ever been a bad word said about him at all - even by Stilwell!!A shoddy attempt to demean a great man! If you allow this level of content then anarchy will reign on wiki - the UK's Sunday Sport claimed a London Bus had been found on the moon - it's verifiable!!Roger83.67.126.86 04:03, 15 June 2007 (UTC)The article is far from complete without at least a mere one sentence mention of this. --76.83.249.234 10:45, 4 August 2007 (UTC)Not really - anyone can claim anything about an individual and saying it does not make it so - which is why there are defamation laws in most parts of the warld! Repeating these allegations only give them credence in many people's eyes and I feel it is not for Wiki to be used as a forum for unproven, third-hand mud-slinging. If you don't like it, then ask yourself how you would feel if there was a similar accusation, based on such negligable information, on an article about yourself... I think that no-one here would like it!--hydeblake 15:23, 4 August 2007 (UTC)I have re-included this issue. The allegations are not infrequently aired in Australia (as lately as today). People who hear them or read them in the media and who casually look up Slim's bio here should read about the allegations AND their unequivocal dismissal. If you read Hill's book you see that the allegations were made by more than one Fairbridge child "on the record" to Hill. It is indeed sad that such allegations should emerge at this time. But they have and that is what Wp is for - to record what has happened and not to support beatification of a person not matter how commendable his life has been as a whole cf. with information here about sexual misconduct by priests. Albatross2147 (talk) 08:57, 9 February 2009 (UTC)I reverted someone revert of my re-inclusion of a note on the allegations.Note what this article in Quadrant on 1st July 2007 (a very conservative magazine) has to say:OVER THE LAST few decades, a dogma has emerged that anyone claiming to have been sexually abused is to be automatically and implicitly believed. The corollary is that those named as abusers are to be regarded as guilty until proved innocent. This latter practice has produced untold misery and injustice. These new attitudes represent an overreaction to the past, when victims were terrified into silence by powerful individuals and institutions, and when those who did speak out were either disbelieved or condemned as provokers of their own abuse. What is more, paedophile tendencies in adults were often treated as an amiable weakness, a venial fault forgivable by all broad-minded people, and no more serious than a fondness for the bottle, or a tendency to fiddle the petty cash. As recently as the 1970s, I taught on the staff of a Victorian high school with a well-known paedophile who, these days, would not be allowed anywhere near students. We have quite correctly come to recognise that any sexual interaction of an adult with a child, even when there is no apparent immediate or long-term resultant trauma, is a totally unacceptable exploitation of an unequal power relationship.The allegations against Slim by the former Fairbridge students are impossible to prove or disprove half a century hence, but on the face of it they appear credible. Why on earth would three men in their sixties, amongst whom there has been no collusion, suddenly invent such an extraordinary story after the lapse of so many years? Slim's children, and men who served under him, have indignantly and understandably repudiated the charges, but without any evidence.Assuming, then, that Slim did do the wrong thing by the boys, how are we to reassess his reputation?The answer is found in an apercu from the novelist F. Scott Fitzgerald, who said: "The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time." In other words: William Slim was a great and a good general who is justifiably honoured for playing a major role in destroying a bestial tyranny; William Slim used a position of power and trust to molest defenceless children in order to indulge his lust. Both facts are true, and neither cancels or mitigates the other.It seems to me that admirers of Slim have to recognise that the allegations have been made and many people give them credence. To ignore the fact of the allegations seems to me to not what WP is about. Albatross2147 (talk) 01:37, 10 February 2009 (UTC)I agree. People have referred to mud-slinging and demeaning a great man. That's not the issue here. These claims have been made and published. They may turn out to be hogwash, or they may turn out to be true. It's not for us to say that they're automatically smears, just because they haven't been proven yet. If some notable person was reported as saying that Slim was the greatest person in the history of Australia, I assume these same editors would have no problem in including such praise. We should not see such statements through the prism of our own personal views on the subject, and should not decide whether they're worthy of inclusion or not depending on our pre-existing opinion of the subject. -- JackofOz (talk) 01:56, 10 February 2009 (UTC)Your quote mentions:"Slim's children, and men who served under him, have indignantly and understandably repudiated the charges, but without any evidence."How do you prove a negative? Isn't the burden on the accusers to provide proof? The fact that you can't libel the dead has been abused by publishers in recent years and, unless proof is provided, Slim shouldn't be treated as guilty. I find it difficult to believe that an unsubstantiated accusation, barely reported, should feature it's own section in a biography of such an important person. I couldn't find any coverage in UK newspapers, are there other press reports on the allegations? Certainly none of his biographers have mentioned anything like this, and they have interviewed those who knew him extensively. Leithp 13:05, 10 February 2009 (UTC)I agree it is difficult. But the fact remains the allegations have been raised in a widely circulated and book not about Slim but about the notorious Fairbridge Farms - which were part of a cruel regime that the (British and some Australian) authorities did their level best to cover up. It is unlikely I think you will agree that any of Slim's biographers would have interviewed the people who were in the farms. His patronage of the homes was largely peripheral to his career. Do any of the bios mention it? I do understand why you can't tolerate any mention of any blemish in this article especially when the fact of the allegations is verifiable as is that the allegations are given some credence in Australia. Albatross2147 (talk) 01:39, 11 February 2009 (UTC)If you're assuming that I "can't tolerate any blemish in this article" then there is absolutely no point in having this discussion, because you're not listening to what I'm saying. To reiterate- no source on Slim gives any indication of this, it's (barely) covered in a few local sources and there has been no in depth investigation into it. Yet you want it to command it's own section? This type of "present-ism", giving massive weight to whatever is in the news (is it even in the news?) at the expense of context is very typical of wikipedia. Leithp 06:59, 11 February 2009 (UTC)I'm also confused by your argument that the allegations are "peripheral" and wouldn't be covered in his biographies. If that is the case, why then should they be be mentioned in a far, far shorter article on Slim on Wikipedia? Leithp 17:20, 11 February 2009 (UTC)Nobody here is "treating Slim as guilty". Equally, nobody here is treating him as innocent. His guilt or innocence is not for us to determine, or to make any comment on whatsoever. What we can do is report that certain people have made certain claims. That's all they are at this stage, claims. They may never be substantiated. But they have been made. -- JackofOz (talk) 01:53, 11 February 2009 (UTC)>>I'm also confused by your argument that the allegations are "peripheral" and wouldn't be covered in his biographies. - I think you are being deliberately obtuse here. Firstly by "peripheral to his career" I meant his military career on which the bios would have concentrated. Secondly other than Mead all the bios were written well before these allegations were aired in Hill's book. It is unlikely that at this stage the allegations would or could be investigated and in any event to what point Slim is dead and buried. But at Wp we do not come to praise the dead, merely to record pertinent, sometimes impertinent, verifible facts. It is a fact that the allegations that Slim was a kiddy fiddler have been made. They have been not by some reptile from the Sunday Spurt to entertain the unwashed masses of British newspaper consumers the vast mass of whom have never heard of Slim but by the antipodean equivalent of John Birt in the second edition of a well researched book published by a respected publisher. You don't have any right to censor this note which is entirely legitmate and of relevance to readers in all countries. Albatross2147 (talk) 04:18, 13 February 2009 (UTC)I don't dispute the fact that the allegations have been made. What I object to is the fact that you gave them undue weight in a biography of a person of major historical significance, when in the context of his career they aren't notable and have been given no significance by anyone other than in (two?) short newspaper articles. The author in question, David Hill, didn't even see fit to include the allegations in his book on the schools, apparently. To be honest, your massive assumption of bad faith here is tiring, particularly considering I haven't ever edited the section in question. In what way am I censoring it? I had been waiting to be convinced that there really was widespread coverage of the allegations, but you have failed to provide that, and have instead concentrated on criticising my motives. As I said before, there's no point in discussing this, because you aren't listening to what I'm saying. Leithp 09:01, 13 February 2009 (UTC)I should point out that Hill's book is in part a history of the Fairbridge Farm in Molong. Albatross2147 (talk) 22:45, 13 February 2009 (UTC)[edit] Correct TitleCan we come to an agreement as to Slim's title?! I've had a hunt around and think that this is probably Field Marshal Sir William Slim, but can anyone clarify? I've also seen him written up as Field Marshal The Right Honourable William Slim, but I think that this was whilst he held the post of Governor-General of Australia. Anyone got any better ideas?! --hydeblake 08:17, 12 June 2007 (UTC)A few thoughts.G-Gs are "His Excellency" for the term of their appointment, but not afterwards.Slim was "The Right Honourable" because he was a member of the Privy Council  and only for that reason - but I dont know exactly when he entered the Privy Council. Our article on Governor-General of Australia says: "All Governors-General  from 1901 to 1989 were members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom and thus had the additional title "Right Honourable." In any case, it's irrelevant since we dont preface names of the subjects of our articles with either "His Excellency" or "The Right Honourable".I think the lead para has it correctly: Field Marshal Sir William Joseph Slim, 1st Viscount Slim. The title of the article is correct: William Slim, 1st Viscount Slim. The infobox, however, is headed Field Marshal Sir William Slim, which is not right as his knighthood was not the highest honour he attained. It should be either William Slim, 1st Viscount Slim, or Field Marshal William Slim, 1st Viscount Slim. The caption to the photo is correct because when he was G-G, he was only Sir William. His peerage did not come until later. -- JackofOz 03:20, 13 June 2007 (UTC)The correct title for the article should be - William Slim, Field-Marshal The Viscount Slim. According to the fronticepiece of Lewin's book it should be 'Field-Marshal The Viscount Slim' (note puntctation). That certainly seem the correct form to me, it's also the form used on his statue in Whitehall (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wallyg/300326145/in/set-72157594380883887/) so I think you can take that as definitive!.Viscount is the highest civilian honour he was given so takes precedence over the knighthood; Sir.... Viscount is wrong for that reason. Military ranks comes first then civilian honour and as I say it's Field-Marshal not Field MarshalThe Viscount Slim is also the correct form - rather than 1st. It goes 'The', '2nd', '3rd' etcIf you want to be absolutely correct his awards should follow his title in this order: KG, GCB, GCMG, GCVO, GBE, DSO, MCHTHRoger 83.67.126.86 04:16, 15 June 2007 (UTC)Roger - is that your pic of Slim's statue? If so, can you upload it to the page? --hydeblake 08:06, 15 June 2007 (UTC)The current order does follow that order, so no issue there. They're listed in the lead para, but there's no reason to repeat them anywhere else. As for "The Lord" or "The Viscount", that is indeed a correct way to refer to a peer. However, it is used in only the most extremely formal of contexts. We never usually refer to Margaret Thatcher as "The Lady Thatcher", just as "Lady Thatcher", etc etc. You're correct about the hyphen in Field-Marshal. -- JackofOz 04:42, 15 June 2007 (UTC)Regardless of what the statue says (I saw it last week actually) it is "field marshal" without the hyphen. The Wiki article is entitled "field marshal", & "field-marshal" is redirected to it. GrahamBould 07:32, 15 June 2007 (UTC)I'd have to agree with the lack of hyphen - Check out the at British Army ranking page which shows it hyphenless. My Oxford English dictionary also shows it without. --hydeblake 07:57, 15 June 2007 (UTC)Hi No it's not my pic - it's available freely on the web as a reference source but I have no rights over it. I only posted it here to back up what I was saying, I hope that's OK. If you think it can be included in the article then please do so, on that site it describes the photo as 'public'. It's a great statue and an interesting contrast to the two 'stuffy' ones alongside.I didn't make myself clear enough, my apologies, I was citing the statue (1990) as definitive for 'Field Marshall The Viscount Slim' rather than 'Sir' although it does use 'F M' not 'F-M'On the 'F-M', 'F M' point it may be common / modern usage but I was going by Lewin's book and he uses Field-Marshall which I believe to be correct. Citing Wiki as definitive in a discussion about wiki content strikes me as a bit pointless! Many ranks are correctly hyphenated such as Major-General to Sargeant-Major, common usage is unhyphenated. Anyway I'll leave it for you to ruminate on.I can't find definitive source on this point about secondary honours so I withdraw my comments about whether the 'Sir' should be included or not. This suggests I'm correct but I don't think it's absolutely definitive http://janus.lib.cam.ac.uk/db/node.xsp?id=Webpages%2FPublic%2Flinks%2Fnca point 4.1This whole title thing is nightmare - best of luck with it!Roger83.67.126.86 15:34, 15 June 2007 (UTC)[edit] Slim / British Army rankingOne user has recently de-capitalised all the ranks Slim held. I always thought that as formal titles they should have been capitalised. I've asked him directly, but thought I'd see if anyone else had any thoughts one way or the other...--hydeblake 08:29, 2 August 2007 (UTC)Where ranks aren't used as a title the Manual of Style says to use them in lower case i.e. Slim was promoted to field marshal and Field Marshal William Slim. Leithp 08:36, 2 August 2007 (UTC)[edit] Further readingLundin, Walter B. (2002) Slim's Generalship in the 1944 India-Burma Campaign (Abstract) --Philip Baird Shearer (talk) 19:56, 14 March 2008 (UTC)[edit] Slim's retirementThis article says he retired from the army in 1948 (and indeed there is a London Gazette entry saying just that). But he was on the Army Council in 1949 (promoted field marshal) and ended his time as CIGS in 1952. What's happening here? Stephen Kirrage talk - contribs 16:44, 12 August 2008 (UTC)[edit] language skillsI have read something about Slim's l s, it was mentioned in a Time-Life Book about the CBI theatre. I am a bit puzzled finding no mention in the article. The book claimed Slim was fluent in most Indian native languges including Urdu and Hindi.--109.91.80.54 (talk) 11:03, 20 May 2010 (UTC)Most British officers commanding Indian and other 'native' troops were conversant in the troops' local languages, as were most of the families of British soldiers stationed in India, indeed my grandmother spoke both Hindi and Urdu as her husband (my grandfather) was stationed in India pre-war and my late mother was actually born there. The exceptions arose later in the war when officers from outside the Indian Army were brought in to replace losses, however they usually picked-up the local languages fairly quickly, and were expected to do-so. It was one of the reasons that they were (generally) so well-liked by their men. So in answer to your query, it was perfectly normal for Slim to know these languages as it was the rule rather than the exception.Incidently, what is almost never mentioned in histories of the war against the Japanese is that the Imperial Japanese Army's greatest losses by far were sustained in Burma, where the majority of that army was deployed, in fact the losses the Imperial Japanese Army suffered in Burma exceeded that army's losses on all the other fronts combined, so Slim's achievement should not be underestimated.Preceding unsigned comment added by 86.112.80.21 (talk) 10:54, 27 June 2010 (UTC)Retrieved from "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:William_Slim,_1st_Viscount_Slim"Categories: B-Class biography articles | B-Class biography (military) articles | Unknown-priority biography (military) articles | Military biography work group articles | B-Class biography (peerage) articles | Unknown-priority biography (peerage) articles | Peerage and Baronetage work group articles | WikiProject Biography articles | B-Class British military history articles | British military history task force articles | B-Class World War I articles | World War I task force articles | B-Class World War II articles | World War II task force articles | B-Class military history articles | B-Class Myanmar articles | Mid-importance Myanmar articles | WikiProject Burma/Myanmar articles | B-Class Australia articles | Mid-importance Australia articles | B-Class Australian politics articles | Unknown-importance Australian politics articles | WikiProject Australian politics articles | WikiProject Australia articles Personal toolsLog in / create accountNamespacesArticleDiscussionVariantsViewsReadEditNew sectionView historyActionsSearchNavigationMain pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaInteractionHelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact WikipediaToolboxWhat links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPrint/exportCreate a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version  This page was last modified on 27 June 2010 at 11:20.Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;additional terms may apply.See Terms of Use for details.Wikipedia is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.Contact usPrivacy policyAbout WikipediaDisclaimers