the location of  bin Laden 's deputies including it now appears  bin Laden  felt safe enough learning is that  Osama bin Laden . Might have still very. Active in  Al qaeda 's operations money changer is in  Pakistan . And they believe  We know that when the Navy SEALs landed inside the bin Laden compound one team entered the main house -- one ended the secondary resident. But there was another dimension to this mission to collect computer's hard drives other potential sources of intelligence. They made off with a trove of material here's Brian Ross tell us back. Terry US intelligence officials have been forced to reconsider. Many of their assumptions about bin Laden and -- terror network . With the discovery He was living not in a cave but in relative luxury in the house full of children. By the time bin Laden moved to the sprawling compound Pakistan . He was down to only one of his five wives He had divorced one of them and three others had moved to Syria. He married very young first cousin from Syria and I'm a couple of very well educated women from Saudi Arabia but the youngest at his favorite. A mile off men who stayed with him -- Rebecca -- TV says her Yemeni passport was found in the compound this week. She was in her late twenty's and have been given the bin Laden as a gift when she was only a teenager. She was a very young woman by the account of the bodyguard who. Brought her to meet bin Laden from the tribal -- that had presented sort of been laden for marriage. A mollen bin Laden and their young children lived on the second and third floors of the -- bin Laden apparently felt safe enough here from capture to keep this family with him. Living in relative luxury. I think it was always mistakenly believed He was dedicate and believe me nobody on the inside ever thought that on Sunday when the US Navy SEALs moved in on the compound. Amal is in the bedroom with -- bin Laden where she reacted with apparent fury. In the room with bin Laden . It was bin Laden's wife she rushed. One of the USS salters and was shot in leg but not killed a woman on the first floor. Was killed in crossfire. And -- wife was unarmed as well. That in my understanding -- people who have studied bin Laden say his wives are devoted to him. He is in in the al - Qaeda contacts and honorable man and he's viewed in their context not as a terrorist but as a statesman. I would be surprised that this guy would sacrifice a wife for this operation but I'm sure she was prepared to get in front of a bullet for him. -- miles leg injury is not considered serious but another member of his family his son come lead from a different life was killed in the raid. Bin Laden is survived by at least eleven others sons including homes. Seen here as a young team supposedly training to become an al - Qaeda fire. But none of the bin Laden's sons are considered to be in line to succeed their -- His sons have never played here a real long operational. Role of any significance they did not appear to be being groomed. Four leadership roles -- In addition to taking out bin Laden that the US mission here produced an unexpected intelligence discovery. What -- described as a boat load of documents computer disks and laptops whose hard drives were removed by the Navy SEALs and arrived in Washington DC today. Where all of the material is being studied by the FBI and the CIA. The first thing they're looking for. Is attacked plants because we know in the past. Bin Laden personally went over attack plans including the 9/11 -- which He rejected and said it needed further work. Before He finally improved to number one this attack plans. Number two is information that might lead the US to the location of bin Laden's deputies including the Egyptian doctor Ayman Al-Zawahri. After attack plans and after the location of his deputies. They're looking for the money is there and how big an organization is al - Qaeda central these days is it really an organization anymore at all. Answers to all those questions may soon come from the material found here. A place where it now appears bin Laden felt safe enough to live for five or six years as the world's most wanted man. The US official. Say they may Begin to get a readout on some of the seized documents and electronic storage devices as soon as tomorrow Terry. -- it's an amazing story it sounds like one of the things they're learning is that Osama bin Laden . Might have still really been in the game massive war might have still been very. Active in Al qaeda's operations very much so they had thought they had at least -- -- -- He wasn't able to do anything. Now they're rethinking that whole arrangement. When all the documents they found suggesting He was very much were running things. Much more than a symbol -- and and the other key part of this is the money and funding. Of the compound and bin Laden what do they hope to find. -- around the funding issue well they believe -- that the people behind helping him build that count were major money changer is in Pakistan . And they believe this may leave a trail to people who continued to provide funding for al - Qaeda all the way back to Saudi Arabia bin Laden's home. So hugely significant operation not just in getting bin Laden but in getting all this information as much more to come -- --  After a  bin Laden . We'll storming  Osama bin Laden  compound from the  bin Laden  compound SEALs inside  bin Laden 's compound involved in  al - Qaeda bin Laden intense the  terror network  was on developing Laden  was  killed . With each  never get it clear enough shot to determine if it wasn't deed bin Laden and the bin Laden himself was smart enough to stay -- cell phones. Away from the windows and did not talk in the court yard so there was never any positive ID before the raid. But the number of family living up their match that number in bin Laden's pacer was -- trash was burned. High walls that was enough circumstantial evidence from the surveillance to make the mission ago. Intelligence analysts are only now scratching the surface of the mountains of evidence seized by Navy SEALs inside bin Laden's compound. But key details had begun to emerge about just how operationally involved in al - Qaeda bin Laden continue to -- And how intense the terror network was on developing new strategies to attack America. Among the targets big cities like New York Los Angeles Chicago and Washington. -- I see here at least for now is that bin Laden the engineer. Who wants to look at the structure of possible attack targets was asking questions and was getting information. Officials say a handwritten notebook was found at the compound with discussions of the plan to. Prompted this Homeland Security bulletin. As of February 2010. Al - Qaeda it was looking into trying to -- -- trained by tampering with -- so that the train would fall off the track at either of valley or a bridge. Additional materials found contain information about other infrastructure targets such as dams in the water supply as well as information about al - Qaeda safe houses and al - Qaeda leaders. And for the first time today a look behind the scenes on that tent Sunday for President Obama. As the White House released video -- the president congratulating. His team after bin Laden was killed . With each new detail about the complexity of the over ten year long American led hunt for bin Laden emerged. A clearer picture has begun to take shape about just how much one man has cost this country. Not just in lives but in money. Taking into consideration everything from the economic toll of the September 11 attacks to the heightened security put in place over the last ten years. To the new programs developed to prevent further attacks to the two wars being waged in Afghanistan and Iraq. To the actual direct physical hunt for bin Laden . Some are placing the cost anywhere between 250. Billion dollars to a staggering three trillion. And while many including the president have indicated that this does not mean an end to this so called war on terror. With one of the key players dead. Things are bound to change. Today secretary of defense Robert Gates spoke about the death of bin Laden while touring a military base in North Carolina. In terms of the situation in Afghanistan. I think that there is a possibility  Osama bin Laden  six foot pool to He nearly 3000 Americans  killed  when his  al - Qaeda  network hijacked four Pennsylvania. Before 2001  bin Laden 's  al - Qaeda  it was like at five the years after 9/11  bin Laden  continues to collective  Osama bin Laden six foot pool to -- He would. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Well in 24 children. He was also the most wanted man in the world. He was -- as the mastermind of the worst terrorist attack in US history on September 11 2001. Responsible for nearly 3000 Americans killed when his al - Qaeda network hijacked four planes toppling the World Trade Center in -- Crashed into the Pentagon and crash landing in Shanksville Pennsylvania. Before 2001 bin Laden's al - Qaeda it was like at five major attacks on US interest overseas Indian home. Including embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania. Attacks which prompted president feel -- in -- in Lawton. Public enemy number one propelled it to the top spot in the FBI's most wanted list along with a 25 -- In the years after 9/11 bin Laden continues to collective -- 1516. Points twenty audio statements. Nine since the beginning of 2009 -- -- It -- ended Sunday at  a plan if  Osama bin Laden ninety's.  Al - Qaeda  actually time when  bin Laden  their leader would. Be  killed  And so Are or other  al - Qaeda  leaders operations that  al - Qaeda  they have focusing on  bin Laden  now a have them like  bin Laden  did they August that  Osama bin Laden  might be capital of  Pakistan . Well is  know you have seven the past that they had a plan if Osama bin Laden was killed . They have a plan for retaliation they had planned for regroup and what is it. Well that would wooded today you mean -- al - Qaeda exactly. Oh yes that certainly if you go back to the ninety's. Al - Qaeda actually -- saw some time when bin Laden their leader would. Be killed -- -- -- And so -- Are so organized. That they can speed up that -- acts. Now again we've been. United States has been effective for ten years in stopping these. What's interest being the CIA gave really He has two units or teens that were working on bin Laden first was the offense unit. Which she was gathering. Intelligence. To either capture or kill bin Laden or other al - Qaeda leaders. The second which may be more important in Pierre Thomas alluded to it. It is the defense side of this in the CIA looking it plans and operations that al - Qaeda -- they have now so. I think it's -- absolutely right this is highly alert time. That did people who were focusing on bin Laden now -- a have to focus on the number two. Doctors are well -- The Who has eluded them like bin Laden did they kept getting the number three so if they ever get the number two. They've really wiped out the top leadership. It. We learned you know overnight that did the president told us the first tip came in. In August that Osama bin Laden might be in this compound and everything we're learning also suggest the pakistanis weren't told thing. About this and I think it's just surprises so many of us after so many years to have Osama bin Laden basically. In a suburb of the capital of Pakistan . Well -- is this really goes -- eighteen months when President Obama. Announce that He was sending 30000 more troops to Afghanistan one of the top secret. Orders was that that sanctuaries. For al - Qaeda and Taliban that -- -- -- in Pakistan . We're no longer acceptable and so. New operations were launched. The existing operations were intensified. What is -- -- tells you so much about Obama. That eight months ago they got the first -- on this and they were willing to be patient and watch this compound obviously deceit. What was going and tried to make sure bin Laden was there but also to exploit. Other intelligence they might be able to get about whether He was controlling -- getting information  real deal  bin Laden  is gone but relationship with  Pakistan . White House network for  bin Laden  inside a clear about  Osama bin Laden . All the my friends  Osama bin Laden 's literally mission that  killed Osama  did wives of  bin Laden . Many are to fight  al - Qaeda . Has been  Coming up on the real deal bin Laden is gone but there is chaos in his wake. How can the US salvage its relationship with Pakistan . White House took a step sideways but says it is resolute in its commitment we also do not apologize for the action this week. We think that there had to be some sort of support network for bin Laden inside a process. And that's something that we have to investigate and more importantly the Pakistani government's domestic. Remember Pakistan had been very clear about Osama bin Laden . All the time. But he's on -- putts on intelligence. He's convinced that in the death if they need to look like what kind of backed if I think it is that it. Today we get the real deal from former president -- -- -- what did they really know what will happen now. Third time much arm my third interview with President Bush are what will He tell us about what Pakistan really -- -- what happens next. Time for the reuse the. Welcome to the real deal my friends Osama bin Laden's literally in the back -- of the Pakistani military. Troubling troubling breeds hostility I can feel your hostility but it's a complicated relationship. The pakistanis have been very good friends for a very. Long time and they have nuclear weapons and they are probably the most developed democracy in the region. So how did we get here we need to look back in a quick six to take a look. The relationship between the US and Pakistan has often been like a roller coaster bilateral affair strengthened in the days after 9/11. Now being once again pushed to the -- in the wake of the mission that killed Osama did not. The on again off again relationship has seen its share of tension. And the taking of sides during the 1965. Pakistan any war -- India to the total revocation of US economic support. But Pakistan broke ground on -- nuclear program. But the latest tension threatens to -- that relationships more than ever with cries from the United States demanding answers. To how the world's most hunted terrorists could -- up in suburban Pakistan surrounded by the Pakistani army itself. Conversely the pakistanis claim their sovereignty was violated and seal team six crossed their border unannounced and unaccounted for. With Pakistan refusing to allow US forces back into the compound or to interrogate the remaining wives of bin Laden . Many are wondering if -- nearly twenty billion dollars in aid to fight al - Qaeda . Has been -- in Austin. -- with bin Laden gone the war on terror remains. More questions than answers about the future of Pakistan -- US relations. All right so there's a lot of history here but what about the present. Troubled waters to say the least we need perspective and we can get the real deal today from someone who almost certainly pass to know former President Pervez Musharraf. He was in power during the time we believe Osama bin Laden was in this compound. I've interviewed him twice before he's candid let's see if he's willing to give the real deal. Mr. President thank you for joining us. Political so let's get right to it intelligence now suggests that Osama bin Laden had been in this compound for at least five to six years. That would put him in the compound while you were president so I ask you. How could -- not have known that Osama bin Laden was somewhere so easy to find. Believe -- indeed. A big. -- exit -- vehicle from the intelligence. But a lady don't -- -- type of -- He has. It doesn't get -- to my logic. And of any -- -- -- connect and in Holcomb date so many people around the house. No longer recognize a summit in London itself -- in the anonymity it on with in the Willard. Holcomb did you know Osama bin Laden and his beard -- -- Human intelligence. And on I -- this -- men who stay inside a little politics He has. I don't think that this is that He nagging doubt in my mind that this is not -- logically possible two things. Hollowell largely because -- residents whose. As for you to put into your thinking one. They have video excerpts of Osama bin Laden making tapes practicing for tapes that put him in the same room. Over that period that helps develop the understanding that He was there and why do you assume that people would've said anything. If they knew He were there that's the big doubt is whether or not the Pakistani people and intelligence were willing. Two out Osama bin law. Miller loses let me tell you that we He was these days after a month knowing -- that -- People  living in walking in  Pakistan  for many years Albany Oregon and  Osama bin Laden  and his people can't So says  Osama  monotonous line enough. To find him  Al qaeda 's number two Certainly finding  Osama bin Laden  and his top deputies  getting -- as the Pakistani government doing enough. To find him -- Al qaeda's number two Ayman Al -- hurry. Certainly finding Osama bin Laden and his top deputies has been a big challenge and I think it's going to continue to -- challenged. For the coming years I'm not as optimistic as as many other officials here that they are. Narrowing that they can't that they are glad that -- anywhere closer to catching them and -- worked for. However one thing that we do have to keep in mind. Is that Osama bin Laden and other senior al - Qaeda and Taliban leaders do have to move around. On a fairly regular basis what while they stay on the run. And every time they move state -- Their risk increases. As one US official put it to me. Osama has to get right and get lucky get it right and get lucky every single time every single day and we only  the news that  Osama bin Laden  is dead  killed  by US forces in  Pakistan  and ABC's most founder and face of  al - Qaeda . May of 19983. Years before  Osama bin Laden  would execute John met with  Osama bin Laden  in this small  ago. The first time America sore -- the founder and face of al - Qaeda . May of 19983. Years before Osama bin Laden would execute the worst foreign attack in United States history. You've been painted in America as a terrorist leader here follower of war hero. How do you feel and and -- -- -- a professor at the forum we do not worry what America sets. I am one of other questions. I wish upon which includes carrying out Jihad to raise -- -- and evict the Americans from all Muslim men. ABC reporter John -- met with Osama bin Laden in this small -- on a mountaintop in southern Afghanistan. He was already a wanted man waging an anti American holy war  Islamic world is saying this is a good thing. Also that over Osama bin Laden was responsible for so much of the violence. So much of the destruction but now it's time because there is no more excuse they say -- time to get out of Afghanistan and of course the US -- policy now. Is based on al - Qaeda . So it's going to be difficult to maintain the rationale to stay in Afghanistan but that -- Monrovia now and that's one  retrieved from  Osama bin Laden 's compound with the new  Osama bin Laden  audiotape tonight a new  bin Laden  tape from When He was  killed . It is more evidence that  bin Laden  was able to suspected  al - Qaeda  operatives  And finally tonight more from the trove of material retrieved from Osama bin Laden's compound. Including specific names and numbers that is that US intelligence agents into motion. Along with the new Osama bin Laden audiotape Pierre Thomas reports from Washington. Customers -- -- Carter -- -- tonight a new bin Laden tape from the grave if He tries to ally himself after recent uprisings and Tunisia and Egypt. In the heart of my Muslim people we watch closely -- -- going on in the world today and we rejoice with your rejoicing and your prize yet. US officials believe this is the same audio Navy SEALs recovered -- bin Laden's compound. When He was killed . It is more evidence that bin Laden was able to quickly get messages to operatives in the field. This comes as ABC news has learned that US officials have discovered the names and phone numbers. Of suspected al - Qaeda operatives in a huge cache of documents -- bin Laden's compound an intensive international effort has been lost to determine if the names or real or aliases with the US calling on allies like great Britain and Canada to help. There are under a lot of pressure to resolve and identify these people as quickly as possible. However records are being searched -- any of these people have entered the US already. The special tents were set up on the grounds of CIA headquarters to -- to bin Laden files is working 24/7. What they need to find is who didn't pass this information off to. Who are they trusted agents who were expected to execute his intent. One reason there's so much concern is that analysts poring over the bin Laden files. Have found a number of references indicating He was pushing his organization to launch an attack on US soil. On -- before the tenth anniversary of 9/11. Officials emphasize that no specific imminent plot has been uncovered. But some analysts are worried that -- -- plot might already be in motion. The reason. -- kind of attacks typically are months in the making 9/11 took more than two years to conceive and execute. Now it's a race against time to figure out if the bin Laden files was simply his aspirations. -- did someone in the field decide to put his murderous dreams in motion. For Nightline and  message from  Osama bin Laden . And in fact seen. From  bin Laden  since 2003 Al-Jazeera office in  Pakistan . That is the One thing  bin Laden  says that this considered the  al - Qaeda  propaganda man's yesterday  bin Laden  began today  we had to take. In English also in the in English and Pakistan -- Arabic subtitles today it's the other way around it seems to come at least in terms of production from the same source. On the same production house for the same sort of graphics as you can see the -- hub which is considered the al - Qaeda propaganda arm. They produced the tape of young man who appeared yesterday speaking English claiming to be an American. And as that that young man's -- yesterday bin Laden began today by saying this is a message to the American people on issues that he made references to. Forgeries and Florida  was found that  Osama bin Laden 's body and this revealed to me. That  Osama bin Laden  had 500. Euros When He was  killed  that is an indication of this to have  Osama bin Laden  on the numbers completely cripple  al - Qaeda  isn't running  new details right now from Martha Raddatz about what was found that Osama bin Laden's body and -- this was a man who was ready to run. -- teacher was -- -- just spoke to an official and the official revealed to me. That Osama bin Laden had -- 500. Euros into his clothing and also to phone numbers were found this is the clothing He was wearing. When He was killed that is an indication that He was ready to run at any time they have also found in that compound. Ten cell  that took out  Osama bin Laden  I believe it absolutely Beginning that  Osama bin Laden  himself began been. Had been  killed  and I remembered closure to know that  Osama bin Laden . Is facing his He that He his  al - Qaeda . Has taken news  us. And Alison I know that you have said that -- -- bin Laden will answer to god some today. What is it you say to yourself each morning now. Well it used a form of closure to know that Osama bin Laden . Is facing his god it is it is reassuring to know that He is no longer. Fomenting violence. I am concerned. That He that He his al - Qaeda . Has taken news shape a new form in the form of other terrorists and that's probably the next dreadful. Specter that we  strike on an  al - Qaeda  training Tanzania.  Bin Laden  manages to Reports of  bin Laden 's death September 2006.  Bin Laden 's health report claims  bin Laden  Tyson in  Pakistan . These claims Pakistan  has  killed Osama bin Laden  and intense  August 1998. And President Clinton orders a tomahawk missile strike on an al - Qaeda training camp in Afghanistan in response to the bombings in Kenya and Tanzania. Bin Laden manages to escape death having reportedly left the camps just prior to the attack. December 2001 when US boulevards is reported mountain hideout in the Tora Bora region of Afghanistan. Rejoice turns to rejection. Reports of bin Laden's death to people's. November 2002. Reports surface that bin -- is ravaged by kidney disease. However Doctor Who treated bin -- in the days following 9/11 discredits these claims. September 2006. Bin Laden's health once again takes front and center as a leaked French intelligence report claims bin Laden -- -- Tyson in Pakistan . These claims -- quickly refuted. May first 2011. Made it. President Barack Obama announces to the world. That a US military operation in Pakistan has killed Osama bin Laden and intense firefight.  others have said  bin Laden  was  killed  at a mansion in  Pakistan  this was a human that this was  Osama bin Laden  with DNA evidence terrorist threat from  al - Qaeda . And that is the news that  Osama  line. Has been  killed  and  killed  in a mansion  we're told a few more details add to what others have said bin Laden was killed at a mansion in Pakistan this was a human mission He -- shots. And the US has the body as we've talked about the importance of US making sure that this was Osama bin Laden with DNA evidence. And there is some real joy here at the White House both inside and as you see on the streets of Pennsylvania Avenue. Outside the White House -- washingtonians coming together and celebrating. The the death of this man that cost so many Americans their lives both on that day nine elevenths. I'm of course in an efforts to capture him and to stop the terrorist threat from al - Qaeda . And that is a remarkable scene right now we're looking right outside the White House right now the American flag. Being -- by a crowd is beginning to gather as they learned the news that Osama -- line. Has been killed and killed in a mansion in Pakistan this is a mission by US forces He was shot. And the body has been recovered by United States forces the DNA  vigilance and fear.  Osama bin Laden  the man dubbed dog took down  Osama bin Laden  has gotten. The intelligence found in  bin Laden 's But experts short circuit  al - Qaeda  plots that may footage from inside  bin Laden 's Where He spent  After a decade of anger and grief vigilance and fear. Osama bin Laden the man dubbed America's public enemy number one is finally dead. What you are about to see is a special ABC video book from our team of reporters details you have not heard before. A heart stopping account of the forty minutes the change the world. How the elite navy seal team six and one warrior dog took down Osama bin Laden has gotten. The white knuckle moments inside the situation room as President Obama and his security team watched from Washington. And the mother -- of intelligence found in bin Laden's -- But experts are poring over right now trying to short circuit al - Qaeda plots that may have already been launched. ABC news brings you exclusive footage from inside bin Laden's -- Where He spent the last years of his life hiding in plain sight. And what bin Laden told our reporter in his last interview with the western news organization. Years before the horror of nine elevenths. Were there clues  story. One of  Al qaeda 's most senior leaders  Osama bin Laden 's son in law inner circle. The  bin Laden 's  al - Qaeda it possible for  al - Qaeda  to recruit others he had married  Osama bin Laden 's daughter one  New York a new chapter in the war on terror a top al - Qaeda member stands before a federal judge. -- -- Laden's son in law pleaded not guilty in a New York City courtroom facing charges of conspiring to kill Americans. As a member of al - Qaeda . ABC's -- -- Bradley has the story. One of Al qaeda's most senior leaders Osama bin Laden's son in law appeared in New York federal court today to face terror charges sue -- Abu -- pleaded not guilty to a charge to conspire to kill Americans. In this video Abu Ghaith who served as al - Qaeda spokesman celebrates the 9/11 attacks on the US. Abu Ghaith was captured in January and brought to New York City last week  video. Sitting right next to his father in law he had married Osama bin Laden's daughter -- -- -- one of his many daughters. And he was their right at his side sort of a warmup act for Osama bin Laden and that I'm and also Austria. Al qaeda's number two. And he was seen on that video doing exactly what the FBI is said Tuesday he's guilty of and that is being the mouthpiece the chief spokesman for. Al - Qaeda the statements that he gave over 22 pages to US law enforcement officials once he was in custody are gleaned from different  to putting KSM on trial here said in this particular case for Osama bin Laden's son in law. It's not the same thing in and they've really had no problem with his trial going on here. What  has learned that  Osama bin Laden . Has been  killed  when district and mountains in the  Pakistan  Afghanistan area telling ABC news that  Osama bin Laden . Has been  killed  President Obama or 25 suspected  al - Qaeda  figures and according  interrupting your program because we have learned ABC news has learned that Osama bin Laden . Has been killed when district and Jake Tapper at the White House Jake Tapper this is the founder of outside of the man responsible. The 9/11 attacks in 2000. That's right public enemy number one for many years He has -- capture and there have been many times when the US. Has thought that they were horning in on him especially of course. Most famously in the Tora Bora mountains in Afghanistan he's been thought to have been hiding in the Hindu Kush mountains that's a 500. Mile range of mountains in the Pakistan Afghanistan area and we now have our sources telling ABC news that Osama bin Laden . Has been killed President Obama will address the nation this evening to discuss this news has talked about how what happened then and where the US goes from here George. Okay -- thanks very much enjoyed your -- Brian Ross -- chief investigative correspondent. The best -- -- -- intelligence operation likely killed in northwest Pakistan several days ago. And threats. Most recently -- that killed about twenty or 25 suspected al - Qaeda figures and according -- one intelligence source. He was among those films for several days ago. Is likely they have done --  decade we knew  Osama bin Laden  wasn't from that  Pakistan  compound stunning  bin Laden  past times access to  Osama bin Laden 's who have Revenge of  bin Laden 's death  killed  at least identifying more  al - Qaeda  operatives  and difficult to make out. But officials say the seals first encountered bin Laden . As they were climbing the stairs to the third floor. It was the last area in the compound to be cleared. From one of the rooms -- -- a tall bearded man who quickly begins retreating. The seals -- but bin Laden is not hit. Within seconds the seals confront him again. But one official says as they do a -- seized children near bin Laden . Yelling and upset and quickly moves them aside that was always a priority of the mission trying to protect the children. Bin Laden's wife moves towards the seals she shot in the leg and then once -- shoots him in the chest then another bullet right through the head. Among the vast trove of material the seals retrieved from the compound. Ten computers 100 thumb drives and ten cell phones. One million pages of data. Including bin Laden's hand -- journal which was filled with hopes for major attacks including his desire to assassinate President Obama. And his hopes that a massive attack could Dee -- the president's reelection. The president was more than a strategic target though He is a Christian bin Laden saw him as a traitor to the Muslim religion. I would say this. Is probably very personal -- bin Laden's part. To kill a president that He believes has probably. Violated the Muslim faith. It's not following bin Laden's . Philosophies about what -- should be doing. And so he's incensed inflamed. And I think also obsessed about killing a president because that would be. Like a mark above I believe 9/11. You know kind of leader even eventually tallied how many American lives it would cost of -- US withdrawal from the Arab world. Not only was bin Laden a meticulous note taker He was also apparently an avid. According to the Associated Press He had an elaborate but laborious system in which -- curry -- would send and receive messages. By copying them on to a flash drive and sending them from different addresses. Then there's the question of US access to Osama bin Laden's -- who have been in Pakistani custody since the -- But the government was finally granted access to three of the wives this week. The women were said to be hostile towards their interrogators. Today the first. Revenge of bin Laden's death killed at least -- -- groups outside a military training center in Pakistan . Which has received funding from the US. A spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban took credit saying they will target any ally at the United States. US officials continue to mine the cache of information gathered in the raid. In hopes of identifying more al - Qaeda operatives learning more about how the network functions. And disrupting plans for future attacks. And that's for the now famous seal team  action inside  Pakistan . Civil US turns out  bin Laden  was hiding Point. The  bin Laden  compound was down here.  Bin Laden  wasn't hiding even though  bin Laden  was never firefight that  killed Osama bin Laden  and took custody  eight months ago. Have -- -- into the bold military action inside Pakistan . Civil -- US history as a major victory it turns out bin Laden was hiding almost under the nose of the Pakistani military in the city north of the capital called a bottle -- This is home to a major military garrison in right here is the Pakistani military academy their version of West Point. The bin Laden compound was just down here. Bin Laden wasn't hiding in -- cave but in the Pakistani city of 90000 people. About a -- just north of the Pakistan again. Tracking one of his trusted couriers the CIA discovered an acre large million dollar compound. With twelve to eighteen foot walls no telephones but eight times the size of other homes in the area. Just off a major highway. President Obama gave the order for the US Navy SEALs to -- -- even though bin Laden was never once actually seen in the compound. After a firefight that killed Osama bin Laden and took custody of his body. The FBI confirmed it was bin Laden through a DNA match 21 of the sisters who had died of cancer in Boston. And whose brain was taken into custody  retaliation for  bin Laden 's death. Today assumption is that  bin Laden 's disciples Leon Panetta.  bin Laden  is dead  al - Qaeda  is not the terrorist Afghanistan and  Pakistan  and  al - Qaeda the long run yes  bin Laden 's death is a  very real prospect. Of more attacks here at home in retaliation for bin Laden's death. Today in major cities across the country including Washington DC and New York. Police were out of transportation hubs including subways and airports and the sewer force to deter any retaliatory attacks but we certainly. I'm not taking any chances. Our assumption is that -- bin Laden's disciples would like nothing better. -- to avenge his death by another attack. In Chicago police rescinding the same message with more security measures for tonight's NBA playoff. And concern reflects a blunt message today from CIA director Leon Panetta. -- bin Laden is dead al - Qaeda is not the terrorist almost certainly will attempt to avenge you. So are we safer in the short term law enforcement officials  on the Internet. The Taliban and Al -- central in Afghanistan and Pakistan and al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula based in Yemen. That group is led by radical cleric Anwar Al Iraqi an American who's believed to be behind the failed 2009 underwear plot to blow -- a jetliner. And the scheme last fall to plant parcel bombs on US air cargo carrier. Sources have described -- Lockheed -- clear and present danger. And imminent threat I think he'll be looking around saying what can we do quickly but are we safer in the long run yes bin Laden's death is a strategic victory. He was the inspirational leader the so yes I do think that this moves us one step closer to being safer. Officials are overjoyed at bin Laden's death. But they say his demise stoves and already more dangerous threatening environment than they've seen since 9/11 Diane. I'm just wondering  Stunning new look at  Osama bin Laden  as we've never to members of  al - Qaeda . It is the most revealing video of  Osama bin Laden  we have ever seen clips showing  bin Laden  making propaganda message to the  terror network . More on that  of last year. Also released by US officials for other clips showing bin Laden making propaganda statements but the difference the candid shots the gray beard. The propaganda tape the beard has been dyed black. This was a man who was obsessed with his image and rightly so this is in many ways Al -- most powerful tool. Was its use of video and its use of the Internet. The US stripped all the audio from the clips saying they didn't want to deliver bin Laden's message summer outtakes in one alike goes out bin Laden seems to miss acute. In this candid video we see is second TV a computer a calculator. And all the documents and -- scooped up your proves an intelligence official says that bin Laden was an active player not a figurehead. He was planning attacks and had a continuing interest to attack US transportation and infrastructure systems. And was relying on his courier network to get out his orders which means this compound was a command and control center for al - Qaeda and releasing the -- is a US attempt to send a message to the terror network . More on that DNA identification of bin Laden the senior. Intelligence officials says they used a broad database meaning it was more than one relative of the ones that they matched against and said the chance that it was not been -- Is one are you ready in this. A one chance in eleven point eight quadrillion that it wasn't bin Laden they're calling this really an intelligence success for generation and Dan. Don't forget we have seen just a fraction of what they 