['In the Garden with Urban Harvest: Biological mulch has benefits beyond soil building ', "WEST \xe2\x80\x94 Fifteen people have died from the West Fertilizer plant explosion, according to a source familiar with the search-and-rescue efforts who wasn't authorized to speak to the media.", 'Twelve bodies were recovered in and around the plant and two were found in a nearby apartment complex, the source said Friday afternoon.', 'In addition, a man living in the West Rest Haven nursing home died after being evacuated.', 'Another 60 people are still unaccounted since the explosion Wednesday night, but that number is expected to drop, U.S. Sen. John Cornyn said during a briefing here.', 'Cornyn said he was told the number when talking to authorities Friday morning. He took a tour of West with U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz and Rep. Roger Williams prior to the briefing.', 'He said officials still have hospitals to visit to look for those unaccounted for, as well as trying to find people who may be staying with friends or family elsewhere.  "We hope that it drops to zero," Cornyn said.', 'About 200 have been reported injured in the blast, which leveled several blocks of the small town north of Waco. Searchers had cleared 150 buildings, counted 50 homes destroyed and "we have to go through 25 more," Texas Department of Public Safety Sgt. Jason Reyes said.', 'The announcement came at a morning briefing and could quell the wildly differing estimates that have circulated through the town. Mayor Tommy Muska told news organizations Thursday afternoon that up to 40 people were dead but backed off that statement by nighttime.', 'Two fire trucks and an ambulance were destroyed, and a state fire marshal and firefighter website said at least 10 of those killed in the explosion were first responders. Eleven other West firefighters were injured, it said.', "Robert Neill, a local resident and friend of the plant's owners, said five firefighters were inside the building, including plant employee Cody Dragoo. He was there for work and was on the phone with his boss, trying to shut off circuit breakers, when the plant exploded, Neill said.", 'Asked if anyone could have survived from inside the plant, Matt Cawthon, the chief deputy of the McLennan County Sheriff\'s Department, replied, "They were all fatalities there."', '"They\'re probably all in shock. He lost so many of his guys, and his town is devastated," Cawthon said.', '"He lost a lot of good friends in there. It\'s gonna be real tough for him," Myers said.', 'Search and rescue missions will continue and the investigation has not yet yielded a cause of the fire that sparked the explosion.', '"For the safety of all those involved we are still not allowing anyone in the affected area," Reyes said.', 'Still mourning, West residents woke up Friday focused on putting things back in order.', "Along Oak Street, the city's main drag, glass debris lay scattered across sidewalks in gutters in spots. The mess and boarded windows served as reminders of the hellish blast that devastated this town of 2,800.", "West isn't used to the chaos of disaster, and those not mourning, and some that were, remained in cleanup mode. Outside the Old Corner Drug Store, a woman swept glass pellets left by the explosion.", '"This is a nice town," said Jerome Lednicky, chairman of a local bank. "People clean up the downtown. You don\'t see lawns not mowed."', 'Gov. Rick Perry was set to visit the devastated town late Friday afternoon.  Perry earlier declared McLennan County a disaster area, asked for a federal emergency declaration and held a Thursday briefing in Austin where he outlined the state resources that have been activated to help the town.', 'Still mourning, West residents woke up Friday focused on putting things back in order.', "Along Oak Street, the city's main drag, glass debris lay scattered across sidewalks in gutters in spots.", 'The mess and boarded windows served as reminders of the hellish blast that devastated this town of 2,800.', "West isn't used to the chaos of disaster, and those not mourning, and some that were, remained in cleanup mode. Outside the Old Corner Drug Store, a woman swept glass pellets left by the explosion.", '"This is a nice town," said Jerome Lednicky, chairman of a local bank. "People clean up the downtown. You don\'t see lawns not mowed."', 'Chronicle staff writers Dug Begley and Peggy Fikac \xc2\xa0and Express-News Eva Ruth Moravec contributed to this report.', 'Subscribe to the Houston Chronicle and receive access to the Chronicle for iPad App ', 'Copyright 2013 Express-News. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', ' A Texas law enforcement official says 12 bodies have been recovered following a massive explosion that leveled a fertilizer plant. ', "The Houston Chronicle is the premier local news provider for the country's 4th largest city.", "Currently the nation's sixth-largest newspaper, the Houston Chronicle is a multimedia company publishing print and online products in English and Spanish that reach millions of people each month. The Houston Chronicle is owned by the Hearst Corporation.", 'Place a targeted ad in a speciality section such as a weekly or neighborhood publication ', 'Get home delivery, manage your subscription, pay your bill with EZ Pay, and set a vacation hold for the paper']