<<<<<<< HEAD
['WEST, Texas \xe2\x80\x94 A devastating and deadly explosion at a fertilizer   plant rocked the Central Texas town of West on Wednesday evening.', '"I can\'t confirm the number of casualties, but I can tell you that we   do have casualties," said Waco police spokesman Sgt. W. Patrick  Swanton  at a 4:35 a.m. news conference. "I can tell you that it is  estimated  anywhere from five to 15 at this point."', "At 4:15 a.m., West EMS Director Dr. George Smith confirmed  that two  paramedics lost their lives in Wednesday night's fertilizer plant   explosion. He said six firefighters remain unaccounted for.", 'A Facebook page was established in memory of several firefighters who reportedly perished in the blast.', '"This is a crime scene," Sgt. Swanton said. "Until we know that it is an industrial accident, we will work it as a crime scene."', 'He said the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms is at the scene to conduct that part of the investigation.', '"We have a tremendous amount of injuries...over 100 injuries at this   time," said Texas Department of Public Safety spokesman D.L. Wilson at a   midnight news conference.', 'Wilson said the West Fertilizer plant was still smoldering four hours   after the explosion, which was so large the U.S. Geological Survey  classified it as a 2.1 magnitude earthquake.  When Swanton spoke to  reporters at about 2:30 a.m., he said  firefighters returned to put out  additional flames under ammonia tanks  and said it appeared the blaze  was under control.\xc2\xa0', 'According to records from the Texas Commission on Environmental   Quality, the plant worked with anhydrous ammonia, a colorless gas.\xc2\xa0', 'Wilson said half the town was evacuated \xe2\x80\x93\xe2\x80\x93 if the wind shifts to the   north, Wilson feared the other half would need to leave as well.', '"There still are other ingredients there on the facility so we don\'t   want that to explode again," the trooper said. "We\'re worried about   people, not property."\xc2\xa0', 'Wilson said at least 50 to 75 homes had been damaged, and that an  apartment complex with 50 units was "just a skeleton standing up."', 'Hillcrest Baptist Hospital in Waco treated about 94 patients, said   spokesman Glenn Robinson. Robinson estimated about 12 to be critically  wounded  and the others to have more minor injuries, such as  lacerations. He  said many patients had already been discharged by 1  a.m. and expected  the majority to be allowed to leave by the morning.\xc2\xa0', 'Some individuals were still being transported in school buses early Thursday morning.', '"That\'s an encouraging number because that means we\'ve been able to   treat and release a great number that we\'ve already seen this evening,"   Robinson said.\xc2\xa0', 'While the outpouring of support from emergency officials was encouraging, Wilson said enough are in the town. \xc2\xa0', 'Mayor Tommy Muska said at 11 p.m. that most of the fires resulting   from the explosion were contained. He could not confirm a death toll.\xc2\xa0He   said a number of volunteer firefighters who had responded to the   initial blaze at the fertilizer plant remained unaccounted for.', '"It was like a nuclear bomb went off," said one man who was looking for a lost relative on Willie Nelson Road.', 'Rep. Charles "Doc" Anderson (R-Waco) said he has toured the damaged   area and said it looked like a "war zone." He said he\'s spoken with   representatives from Gov. Rick Perry\'s office and DPS and praised their   effort.\xc2\xa0', 'A large swath of the small town with a population of 2,800 was   damaged. Fearing additional explosions, officials ordered residents to   evacuate.', 'The blast around 8 p.m. was at the West Fertilizer plant at 1471 Jerry Mashek Drive, about a half-mile east of Interstate 35.', 'Shortly before 10 p.m., a dispatcher was advising emergency crews to   move away from the burning plant due to concern about chemicals in   unexploded tanks.', "A few minutes later, KVUE's sister station WFAA's Todd Unger reported hearing more explosions north of the plant.", "A triage center that was set up at the West High School football   field was evacuated because of its proximity to the burning plant. The   processing center was moved to the town's community center.", 'An information hotline was set up for concerned friends and relatives   at 254-202-1100. The line was overwhelmed with calls; if you get a  busy  signal, keep trying.', '"There was a huge shock wave," said Mark Licknovsky who works at the   Czech Stop, less than one mile away on Interstate 35. "That\'s when we   knew something was serious."', 'West Town Council member Cheryl Marak told WFAA the blast killed her pets and confirmed heavy damage at the middle school.', 'Every house within four blocks of the facility was heavily damaged, according to initial reports.', '"I can see heavy smoke here; there are emergency crews everywhere,"   said WFAA Todd Unger as he arrived in the devastated town. "We\'re   looking at a home and it is a total loss. There are flames shooting up   10-15 feet."', 'An emergency dispatcher appealed for more more help. "I need anybody and everybody," she said.', 'At least 10 structures were on fire in the town, including a school which is next door to the plant.', 'The American Red Cross said teams from Dallas-Fort Worth and Austin   will be coordinating with emergency officials in West to provide any   needed assistance to town residents.', 'Evacuees were being directed to the community center in Abbott, about five miles north of West.', '\xe2\x80\x9cWe are monitoring developments and   gathering information as details continue to emerge about this incident.   We have also mobilized state resources to help local authorities. Our   thoughts and prayers are with the people of West, and the first   responders on the scene.\xe2\x80\x9d', 'The shock wave triggered by the massive explosion was recorded by the   U.S. Geological Survey as a 2.1 magnitude earthquake that was felt as   far away as North Texas.', '"I live in Groesbeck," wrote Rayne Sibley on WFAA\'s Facebook page. "I heard a large boom and my house shook."', 'Facebook users in Venus, Grandview, Cleburne, Ennis and Ferris also reported feeling the shock wave.', '"Shook my doors!" wrote Nancy Procaccini of Combine. "Thought it was earthquake!"', 'Traffic on I-35 was backed up for miles. Motorists are advised to use alternate routes to make room for emergency traffic.', '\t\t\tBy QUITA CULPEPPER, SHANNON MURRAY / KVUE News and Photojournalist DEREK RASOR\t', '\xc2\xa9 2009-2013 KVUE Television, Inc., a subsidiary of Belo Corp. All Rights Reserved.']
=======
['WEST, Texas  A devastating and deadly explosion at a fertilizer   plant rocked the Central Texas town of West on Wednesday evening.', '"I can\'t confirm the number of casualties, but I can tell you that we   do have casualties," said Waco police spokesman Sgt. W. Patrick  Swanton  at a 4:35 a.m. news conference. "I can tell you that it is  estimated  anywhere from five to 15 at this point."', "At 4:15 a.m., West EMS Director Dr. George Smith confirmed  that two  paramedics lost their lives in Wednesday night's fertilizer plant   explosion. He said six firefighters remain unaccounted for.", 'A Facebook page was established in memory of several firefighters who reportedly perished in the blast.', '"This is a crime scene," Sgt. Swanton said. "Until we know that it is an industrial accident, we will work it as a crime scene."', 'He said the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms is at the scene to conduct that part of the investigation.', '"We have a tremendous amount of injuries...over 100 injuries at this   time," said Texas Department of Public Safety spokesman D.L. Wilson at a   midnight news conference.', 'Wilson said the West Fertilizer plant was still smoldering four hours   after the explosion, which was so large the U.S. Geological Survey  classified it as a 2.1 magnitude earthquake.  When Swanton spoke to  reporters at about 2:30 a.m., he said  firefighters returned to put out  additional flames under ammonia tanks  and said it appeared the blaze  was under control.', 'According to records from the Texas Commission on Environmental   Quality, the plant worked with anhydrous ammonia, a colorless gas.', 'Wilson said half the town was evacuated  if the wind shifts to the   north, Wilson feared the other half would need to leave as well.', '"There still are other ingredients there on the facility so we don\'t   want that to explode again," the trooper said. "We\'re worried about   people, not property."', 'Wilson said at least 50 to 75 homes had been damaged, and that an  apartment complex with 50 units was "just a skeleton standing up."', 'Hillcrest Baptist Hospital in Waco treated about 94 patients, said   spokesman Glenn Robinson. Robinson estimated about 12 to be critically  wounded  and the others to have more minor injuries, such as  lacerations. He  said many patients had already been discharged by 1  a.m. and expected  the majority to be allowed to leave by the morning.', 'Some individuals were still being transported in school buses early Thursday morning.', '"That\'s an encouraging number because that means we\'ve been able to   treat and release a great number that we\'ve already seen this evening,"   Robinson said.', 'While the outpouring of support from emergency officials was encouraging, Wilson said enough are in the town. ', 'Mayor Tommy Muska said at 11 p.m. that most of the fires resulting   from the explosion were contained. He could not confirm a death toll.He   said a number of volunteer firefighters who had responded to the   initial blaze at the fertilizer plant remained unaccounted for.', '"It was like a nuclear bomb went off," said one man who was looking for a lost relative on Willie Nelson Road.', 'Rep. Charles "Doc" Anderson (R-Waco) said he has toured the damaged   area and said it looked like a "war zone." He said he\'s spoken with   representatives from Gov. Rick Perry\'s office and DPS and praised their   effort.', 'A large swath of the small town with a population of 2,800 was   damaged. Fearing additional explosions, officials ordered residents to   evacuate.', 'The blast around 8 p.m. was at the West Fertilizer plant at 1471 Jerry Mashek Drive, about a half-mile east of Interstate 35.', 'Shortly before 10 p.m., a dispatcher was advising emergency crews to   move away from the burning plant due to concern about chemicals in   unexploded tanks.', "A few minutes later, KVUE's sister station WFAA's Todd Unger reported hearing more explosions north of the plant.", "A triage center that was set up at the West High School football   field was evacuated because of its proximity to the burning plant. The   processing center was moved to the town's community center.", 'An information hotline was set up for concerned friends and relatives   at 254-202-1100. The line was overwhelmed with calls; if you get a  busy  signal, keep trying.', '"There was a huge shock wave," said Mark Licknovsky who works at the   Czech Stop, less than one mile away on Interstate 35. "That\'s when we   knew something was serious."', 'West Town Council member Cheryl Marak told WFAA the blast killed her pets and confirmed heavy damage at the middle school.', 'Every house within four blocks of the facility was heavily damaged, according to initial reports.', '"I can see heavy smoke here; there are emergency crews everywhere,"   said WFAA Todd Unger as he arrived in the devastated town. "We\'re   looking at a home and it is a total loss. There are flames shooting up   10-15 feet."', 'An emergency dispatcher appealed for more more help. "I need anybody and everybody," she said.', 'At least 10 structures were on fire in the town, including a school which is next door to the plant.', 'The American Red Cross said teams from Dallas-Fort Worth and Austin   will be coordinating with emergency officials in West to provide any   needed assistance to town residents.', 'Evacuees were being directed to the community center in Abbott, about five miles north of West.', 'We are monitoring developments and   gathering information as details continue to emerge about this incident.   We have also mobilized state resources to help local authorities. Our   thoughts and prayers are with the people of West, and the first   responders on the scene.', 'The shock wave triggered by the massive explosion was recorded by the   U.S. Geological Survey as a 2.1 magnitude earthquake that was felt as   far away as North Texas.', '"I live in Groesbeck," wrote Rayne Sibley on WFAA\'s Facebook page. "I heard a large boom and my house shook."', 'Facebook users in Venus, Grandview, Cleburne, Ennis and Ferris also reported feeling the shock wave.', '"Shook my doors!" wrote Nancy Procaccini of Combine. "Thought it was earthquake!"', 'Traffic on I-35 was backed up for miles. Motorists are advised to use alternate routes to make room for emergency traffic.', 'By QUITA CULPEPPER, SHANNON MURRAY / KVUE News and Photojournalist DEREK RASOR', ' 2009-2013 KVUE Television, Inc., a subsidiary of Belo Corp. All Rights Reserved.']
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
