<<<<<<< HEAD
["Politics HeadlinesThe Note: The Latest From Boston Obama Assures Boston 'Will Run Again'Boehner, Pelosi Hint at Next ShowdownsThe Note's Must-Reads for Friday April...LaHood: Sequester Cuts Mean Up to 2 Hour...WATCH VIDEO:  Politics &raquoMark Sanford Accused of Trespassing at...Gabby Giffords on Gun-Control Failure:...More Politics HeadlinesMark Kelly: 'Gabby Is Angry Today'Lawmakers Vow to Ease Suffering From...A Knockout to Obama's Gun Agenda?Obama Dines With Senate DemocratsHagel Warns of Involvement in SyriaIn The NewsNotePolitical PunchGeorge's Bottom LineSubway Series", 'A fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion, April 17, 2013.  (Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News/AP Photo)', 'President Obama and lawmakers in Washington, D.C., expressed their condolences today after the devastating explosion in West, Texas, pledging federal resources to help.', '"Today our prayers go out to the people of West, Texas, in the aftermath of last night\'s deadly explosion at a fertilizer plant," Obama said in a written statement released to reporters. "A tight-knit community has been shaken, and good, hard-working people have lost their lives.', '"I want to thank the first responders who worked tirelessly through the night to contain the situation and treat the wounded. My administration, through FEMA and other agencies, is in close contact with our state and local partners on the ground to make sure there are no unmet needs as search and rescue and response operations continue," Obama added.', 'Obama called Texas Gov. Rick Perry to offer any federal resources needed to aide in response-and-recovery efforts, a White House official told ABC.', 'Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News/AP PhotoA fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West,... View Full Size', 'Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News/AP PhotoA fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion, April 17, 2013.', "Texas' two Republican senators, John Cornyn and Ted Cruz, released a joint statement thanking first responders and pledging any support they can offer.", '"We are deeply saddened to learn of the horrific explosion in West, Texas," they said. "We grieve for those who are injured and have lost loved ones, and are grateful to the firefighters and first responders who risked their own lives to keep others safe."', 'On the Senate floor, Majority Leader Harry Reid and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell offered sympathy for Texas victims and called it a "difficult week," after the attacks in Boston.', '"I offer my condolences to those who lost loved ones and who have people who are wounded and injure," Reid, D-Nev., said. "I\'m going to do everything I can with my colleagues to ensure that this terrible tragedy has the resources of the federal government available to help the people of that city as they recover from this tragedy."', 'McConnell, R-Ky., said, "From the media reports we\'ve seen, there have clearly been a great many injuries, and a terrible loss of life. We\'re all thinking of and praying for the victims and their families. Given the horrendous event at the Boston marathon on Monday, followed by the event near Waco last night. It\'s been a difficult week for all of us. Our hearts are a little bit heavier."', 'Texas Blast Leaves 35 to 40 Unaccounted ForPols Curtail Business After Marathon BombingFBI Releases Images of Suspects in Boston Marathon Bombing', 'Do you have more information about this topic?  If so, please click here to contact the editors of ABC News.', 'Javascript is not enabled on your browser. Please enable javascript to use the community features on this page. If your browser does not support javascript, please visit our browser upgrade page for a list of supported web browsers.', '\t\t\t\t\tExternal links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites.  Copyright \xc2\xa9 2013 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network']
=======
["Politics HeadlinesThe Note: The Latest From Boston Obama Assures Boston 'Will Run Again'Boehner, Pelosi Hint at Next ShowdownsThe Note's Must-Reads for Friday April...LaHood: Sequester Cuts Mean Up to 2 Hour...WATCH VIDEO:  Politics &raquoMark Sanford Accused of Trespassing at...Gabby Giffords on Gun-Control Failure:...More Politics HeadlinesMark Kelly: 'Gabby Is Angry Today'Lawmakers Vow to Ease Suffering From...A Knockout to Obama's Gun Agenda?Obama Dines With Senate DemocratsHagel Warns of Involvement in SyriaIn The NewsNotePolitical PunchGeorge's Bottom LineSubway Series", 'A fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion, April 17, 2013.  (Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News/AP Photo)', 'President Obama and lawmakers in Washington, D.C., expressed their condolences today after the devastating explosion in West, Texas, pledging federal resources to help.', '"Today our prayers go out to the people of West, Texas, in the aftermath of last night\'s deadly explosion at a fertilizer plant," Obama said in a written statement released to reporters. "A tight-knit community has been shaken, and good, hard-working people have lost their lives.', '"I want to thank the first responders who worked tirelessly through the night to contain the situation and treat the wounded. My administration, through FEMA and other agencies, is in close contact with our state and local partners on the ground to make sure there are no unmet needs as search and rescue and response operations continue," Obama added.', 'Obama called Texas Gov. Rick Perry to offer any federal resources needed to aide in response-and-recovery efforts, a White House official told ABC.', 'Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News/AP PhotoA fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West,... View Full Size', 'Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News/AP PhotoA fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion, April 17, 2013.', "Texas' two Republican senators, John Cornyn and Ted Cruz, released a joint statement thanking first responders and pledging any support they can offer.", '"We are deeply saddened to learn of the horrific explosion in West, Texas," they said. "We grieve for those who are injured and have lost loved ones, and are grateful to the firefighters and first responders who risked their own lives to keep others safe."', 'On the Senate floor, Majority Leader Harry Reid and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell offered sympathy for Texas victims and called it a "difficult week," after the attacks in Boston.', '"I offer my condolences to those who lost loved ones and who have people who are wounded and injure," Reid, D-Nev., said. "I\'m going to do everything I can with my colleagues to ensure that this terrible tragedy has the resources of the federal government available to help the people of that city as they recover from this tragedy."', 'McConnell, R-Ky., said, "From the media reports we\'ve seen, there have clearly been a great many injuries, and a terrible loss of life. We\'re all thinking of and praying for the victims and their families. Given the horrendous event at the Boston marathon on Monday, followed by the event near Waco last night. It\'s been a difficult week for all of us. Our hearts are a little bit heavier."', 'Texas Blast Leaves 35 to 40 Unaccounted ForPols Curtail Business After Marathon BombingFBI Releases Images of Suspects in Boston Marathon Bombing', 'Do you have more information about this topic?  If so, please click here to contact the editors of ABC News.', 'Javascript is not enabled on your browser. Please enable javascript to use the community features on this page. If your browser does not support javascript, please visit our browser upgrade page for a list of supported web browsers.', 'External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites.  Copyright  2013 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network']
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
