["Don't Miss:Lauryn Hill facing evictionFood HackathonBacheesos in BerkeleyMexico Barbie controversy49ers' schedule", 'Bay Area & StateNationWorldPoliticsCrimeTechObituariesOpinionGreenScienceHealthEducationWeird', "49ersRaidersGiantsA'sWarriorsSharksQuakesNFLMLBNBANHLCollegePrepsGolfOutdoorsOtherOn TVTicketsShopVideo", 'TechnologyMarketsReal EstateMortgage RatesHome GuidesPublic NoticesPress ReleasesSponsored Content', 'MoviesMusic & NightlifePerformanceArtEventsBooksTV & RadioHoroscopeComicsGamesThings To Do', 'RestaurantsRecipesWineTop 100 RestaurantsTop 100 WinesBargain BitesReservationsInside Scoop SFHealthy Eating', 'Home & GardenStyleOutdoorsSki & SnowHealthGreenLGBTHouzzDatingMomsPetsSponsored Content', 'Weekend GetawaysSF GuideNeighborhoodsWine CountryMonterey-CarmelReno-TahoeHawaiiMexico', 'New HomesOpen HomesLuxuryRentalsMortgage RatesCommercialLandPlace an adHome GuidesHomesalesForeclosures', 'Copyright 2013 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', 'NOMAAN MERCHANT, Associated Press, By NOMAAN MERCHANT and JOHN L. MONE, Associated Press', 'Rescue workers pass a damaged apartment complex after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte)', 'A person looks on as emergency workers fight a house fire after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte)', 'A fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013 (AP Photo/Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News)', '\t\t\tA fire fighter searches a nursing home that was damaged after an explosion at a neary by fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte)', 'An emergency worker walks through damaged apartment building following a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte)', 'A fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013. (APMichael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News)', '\t\t\tAn elderly person is assisted at a staging area at a local school stadium  following an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday.', '\t\t\tEmergency workers assist an elderly person at a staging area at a local school stadium Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant near Waco sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin, causing major damage at nearby buildings and injuring numerous people.', '\t\t\tEmergency workers evacuate elderly from a damaged nursing home following an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday.', '\t\t\tPersons are seen pushing wheel chairs in front of a damaged nursing home following an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday.', '\t\t\tElderly persons from a nearby nursing home are triaged in a parking lot before being moved to a school stadium following a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. The explosion near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings.', '\t\t\tIn this Instagram photo provided by Andy Bartee, a plume of smoke rises from a fertilizer plant fire in West, Texas on Wednesday, April 17, 2013.  An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings.  MANDATORY CREDIT: ANDY BARTEE', '\t\t\tA fire fighter searches a nursing home that was damaged after an explosion at a neary by fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas.', '\t\t\tA fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013', '\t\t\tA person looks on as emergency workers fight a house fire after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas.', '\t\t\tA firefighter walks past a pickup truck with debris from a storage shed on it at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013. A massive explosion at the fertilizer plant near Waco on Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin following a blast that damaged buildings for blocks in every direction.   MANDATORY CREDIT; MAGS OUT; TV OUT; INTERNET USE BY AP MEMBERS ONLY;', '\t\t\tA fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013. (APMichael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News)', '\t\t\tA person looks on as emergency workers fight a house fire after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the fertilizer plant near Waco on Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin following a blast that damaged buildings for blocks in every direction.', '\t\t\tAn elderly person is assisted at a staging area at a local school stadium  following an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday.', '\t\t\tThis video image provided by WFAA-TV shows injured people being treated on the flood-lit the high school football field turned into a staging area after the blast in West Texas Wednesday April 17, 2013.', '\t\t\tFirefighters use flashlights to search a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, in this photo made early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013.', '\t\t\tA fire still burns in a apartment complex destroyed near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, in this photo made early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013.', '\t\t\tA victim from the West fertilizer plant explosion is wheeled into Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013.', '\t\t\tAn unidentified man  injured by  the West fertilizer plant explosion is treated by nurses from Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013.', "\t\t\tBaylor University student's hold a candle light vigil outside Waco Hall for the victim's of the West fertilizer plant explosion, Wednesday, April 17, 2013.", '\t\t\tFirefighters us flashlights to search a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, in this photo made early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013.', '\t\t\tA person looks on as emergency workers fight a house fire after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the fertilizer plant near Waco on Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin following a blast that damaged buildings for blocks in every direction.', '\t\t\tA house in West burns after the West Fertilizer Plant exploded. (Kristen Crow/Twitter/Waco Herald-Tribune)', '\t\t\tFirefighters use flashlights to search a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, in this photo made early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013.', '\t\t\tThe remains of a silo that was part of a fertilizer plant burns and smokes Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after the plant exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas. The massive explosion killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, shaking the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and leveling homes and businesses for blocks in every direction. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', '\t\t\tA fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013. (APMichael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News)', '\t\t\tA fire still burns in a apartment complex destroyed near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, in this photo made early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013.', '\t\t\tA fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013 (AP Photo/Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News)', '\t\t\tSens. John Cornyn and Ted Cruz survey the aftermath of the fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas. (Photo from Twitter)', '\t\t\tCongressman Roger Williams, left, speaks with reporters about the West, Texas fertilizer plant explosion as Senators John Cornyn and Ted Cruz listen at a news conference on Friday April 19, 2013.   The massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. Wednesday night killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160. The bodies of 12 people have been recovered, authorities said Friday. (AP Photo/Star-Telegram, Ron T. Ennis)', "\t\t\tNicole Lopez and her 15-year-old daughter, Gabby, from West, Texas put supplies in a box for Lopez's aunt at a distribution center to help those affected from the West Fertilizer explosion on Friday, Apr. 19, 2013. Lopez said her home was not affected from the blast.", '\t\t\tA woman rummages through a hugh pile of shoes at a distribution center where supplies like water and clothing, including medical supplies, are being dropped off or picked up as needed, in West, Texas, on April 19 2013, two days after a deadly fertilizer plant blast occured.  While rescuers in Texas were set to return to the rubble in their continuing search for survivors after the massive blast killed as many as 15 people and destroyed dozens of homes, all roads leading to the area of destruction have been closed off and manned by various state authorities controlling the entry and exit of vehicles and people.      AFP PHOTO/Frederic J. BROWNFREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images', "\t\t\tStacks of 'Pure Life' water sit on the roadside as vehicles are directed to a distribution center where supplies like water and clothing, including medical supplies, are being dropped off or picked up as needed, in West, Texas, on April 19 2013, two days after a deadly fertilizer plant blast occured.  While rescuers in Texas were set to return to the rubble in their continuing search for survivors after the massive blast killed as many as 15 people and destroyed dozens of homes, all roads leading to the area of destruction have been closed off and manned by various state authorities controlling the entry and exit of vehicles and people.     AFP PHOTO/Frederic J. BROWNFREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images", '\t\t\tA volunteer carries a mattress to load onto a truck at a distribution center where supplies like water and clothing, including medical supplies, are being dropped off or picked up as needed, in West, Texas, on April 19 2013, two days after a deadly fertilizer plant blast occured.  While rescuers in Texas were set to return to the rubble in their continuing search for survivors after the massive blast killed as many as 15 people and destroyed dozens of homes, all roads leading to the area of destruction have been closed off and manned by various state authorities controlling the entry and exit of vehicles and people.AFP PHOTO/Frederic J. BROWNFREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images', '\t\t\tVehicles wait in line while headed to a distribution center where supplies like water and clothing, including medical supplies, are being dropped off or picked up as needed, in West, Texas, on April 19 2013, two days after a deadly fertilizer plant blast occured.  While rescuers in Texas were set to return to the rubble in their continuing search for survivors after the massive blast killed as many as 15 people and destroyed dozens of homes, all roads leading to the area of destruction have been closed off and manned by various state authorities controlling the entry and exit of vehicles and people.AFP PHOTO/Frederic J. BROWNFREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images', '\t\t\tA "God Bless West" sign in West, Texas, Friday April 19, 2013. The bodies of 12 people have been recovered after an enormous Texas fertilizer plant explosion that demolished surrounding neighborhoods for blocks and left about 200 other people injured, authorities said Friday. (AP Photo/Mike Fuentes)', '\t\t\tTexas Senator John Cornyn, right, talks to the media after touring the site of a fertilizer plant explosion Friday, April 19, 2013 in West, Texas. The massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. Wednesday night killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160. The bodies of 12 people have been recovered, authorities said Friday.(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)', '\t\t\tWest resident Betty Tucker, 82, who owns the apartment complex that was devastated by the West Fertilizer Co. plant explosion is given a hug by friend, Jack Clements at The Village Bakery Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. ', "Tucker said she hasn't been able to reach three residents, but she hoped everyone got out in time. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.", '\t\t\tLaw enforcement and rescue personnel search the damage to an apartment complex from the explosion of the West Fertilizer plant on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.', "\t\t\tClayton Tribble, 9, of West sits during a candle light vigil held at St. Mary's of Assumption Catholic Church as more than 500 gathered to mourn those hurt and killed in the West Fertilizer Co. plant explosion Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.", '\t\t\tThe remains of the the West Fertilizer Co. plant smolder in the rain on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. ', '\t\t\tMaria Galvan pauses while sweeping up broken glass from the blown out front windows of the West Thirft Shop  on Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.', '\t\t\tThe a piece of siding sits in a corn field near the West Fertilizer Co. plant Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.', '\t\t\tSupplies of toiletry are put out for people to pick up at a distribution center to help those affected from the West Fertilizer explosion in West, Texas on Friday, Apr. 19, 2013.', '\t\t\tLittle is left to the West Fertilizer plant as seen in an aerial view of the plant on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.', '\t\t\tWaco Sgt. William Patrick Swanton addresses the media at West Auction Inc. about the West Fertilizer Co. plant explosion Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. ', '\t\t\tClaudia Wolfe shows how her window was blown out by the West Fertilizer Co. plant explosion Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.', '\t\t\tIesha Chapman, 46, of Waco, holds the hands of her friend Janie Salazar, right, 57, of West at the Best Western hotel Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. Salazar and her family had to evacuate her home after a massive explosion.', "\t\t\tTrey Warren boards up his sister's home after glass was blown out by the West Fertilizer Co. plant explosion Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. ", "\t\t\tBetty Tucker, 82, who owns a complex devastated by the plant blast, says she's been unable to reach three residents.", '\t\t\tConstruction workers board up windows on a home near the West Fertilizer Co. plant after an explosion from plant blew the windows out Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. ', '\t\t\tJanie Salazar, right, 57, of West weeps as she is held by her friend Iesha Chapman,46, of Waco at the Best Western in West. Salazar, had to evacuate from her home after the blast.', '\t\t\tAn unidentified man  injured by  the West fertilizer plant explosion is treated by nurses from Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013.', '\t\t\tShattered windows on Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after an explosion Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant in West.', '\t\t\tRescue workers pass a damaged apartment complex after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas.', '\t\t\tA destroyed car sits as firefighters conduct a search and rescue of an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.', '\t\t\tThe remains of a home burn early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after a fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas. The massive explosion killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, shaking the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and leveling homes and businesses for blocks in every direction. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', '\t\t\tA person looks on as emergency workers fight a house fire after a near by fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas.', '\t\t\tA destroyed car sits as firefighters conduct a search and rescue of an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  (AP Photo/LM Otero)', "\t\t\tWEST, TX - APRIL 18:  West High School senior Mackenzie Wernet (C) is embraced by fellow students and friends after praying for the victims and survivors the day after the West Fertilizer Company explosion April 18, 2013 in West, Texas. Wernet's home was destroyed when the fertilizer company caught fire and exploded, injuring more than 160 people and leaving damaged buildings for blocks in every direction.", "\t\t\tWEST, TX - APRIL 18:  West High School senior students Mackenzie Wernet (R) and Heather Perry embrace after praying for the victims and survivors the day after the West Fertilizer Company explosion April 18, 2013 in West, Texas. Wernet's home was destroyed when the fertilizer company caught fire and exploded, killing at least five people, injuring more than 160 people and leaving damaged buildings for blocks in every direction.", '\t\t\tWEST, TX - APRIL 18:  With smoke rising in the distance, a law enformcement officer runs a check point at the perimeter about half a mile from the West Fertilizer Company April 18, 2013 in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the fertilizer company injured more than 100 people and left damaged buildings for blocks in every direction. The death toll from the blast, which occured as firefighters were tackling a blaze, is as yet unknown. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)  *** BESTPIX ***', "\t\t\tWEST, TX - APRIL 18:  Hewitt, Texas police officer Mike Zahirniak (R) comforts his son, Coy Zahirniak, 9, outside the West Community Center the day after the West Fertilizer Company explosion April 18, 2013 in West, Texas. Coy alerted his family to the fire across the street from his grandfather Willie Zahirniak's home and the plant exploded as they evacuated. The home was destroyed and Coy has been credited for saving his family from harm. The fertilizer company caught fire and exploded, killing more than five people, injuring more than 160 people and leaving damaged buildings for blocks in every direction.", '\t\t\tShown are the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  (AP Photo/LM Otero)', '\t\t\tA devastated home near the West Fertilizer Co. plant on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.', '\t\t\tA firefighter walks past a pickup truck with debris from a storage shed on it at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013. A massive explosion at the fertilizer plant near Waco on Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin following a blast that damaged buildings for blocks in every direction.   MANDATORY CREDIT; MAGS OUT; TV OUT; INTERNET USE BY AP MEMBERS ONLY;', '\t\t\tWest resident Crystal Ledane, talks to the media near site of a massive explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas on April 17, 2013. Her home was destroyed by the explosion.', '\t\t\tWaco Police Sgt. William Swanton speaks during a press conference on the explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx.', '\t\t\tWest Thrift Shop manager Maria Galvan (left) and Anissa Adamson clean the shop as workers board up windows, Thursday April 18, 2013, at  after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday evening in West, Tx.', '\t\t\tWorkers clean up glass from shattered windows outside West Furniture, Thursday April 18, 2013, after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday evening in West, Tx.', '\t\t\tShattered windows at the West Thrift Shop after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx.', '\t\t\tWorkers board up a wind of the West News newspaper office after the West Fertilizer Co. explosion on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.', '\t\t\tWorkers board up a wind of the West News newspaper office after the West Fertilizer Co. explosion on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.', '\t\t\tWorkers board up a wind of the West News newspaper office after the West Fertilizer Co. explosion on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.', '\t\t\tWorkers board up a wind of the West News newspaper office after the West Fertilizer Co. explosion on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.', '\t\t\tWorkers sweep up glass and board up windows, Thursday April 18, 2013, at West Thrift Shop after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday evening in West, Tx.', '\t\t\tShane Northcutt removes shattered glass from the display windows of The Village Shoppe in West, Texas on Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents.', '\t\t\tAn elderly person is assisted at a staging area at a local school stadium  following an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday.', '\t\t\tRescue workers pass a damaged apartment complex after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte)', '\t\t\tA mushroom cloud of smoke rising from an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West could be seen from the Czech Stop.Related article: 5 to 15 people killed in Texas explosion ', '\t\t\tBobby Rios, right, cleans up shattered windows at a store in West, Texas, on Thursday, April 18, 2013. Much of the small town suffered damage when a fertilizer plant caught fire causing a massive explosion Wednesday night. Authorities are still trying to determine the death and injury toll. (Ron T. Ennis/Fort Worth Star-Telegram/MCT)', "\t\t\tBaylor University student's hold a candle light vigil outside Waco Hall for the victim's of the West fertilizer plant explosion, Wednesday, April 17, 2013.", '\t\t\tSmoke fills the air after a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the fertilizer plant near Waco on Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin following a blast that damaged buildings for blocks in every direction.', '\t\t\tFirefighters us flashlights to search a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, in this photo made early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013.', '\t\t\tWaco Police Sgt. William Swanton (center) speaks during a press conference on the explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx.', '\t\t\tRescue workers gather near a damaged apartment complex after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the fertilizer plant near Waco on Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin following a blast that damaged buildings for blocks in every direction.', '\t\t\tAn emergency worker walks through damaged apartment building following a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings.', '\t\t\tAn injured elderly person is assisted by two young males as a nursing home is evacuated after an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas.', '\t\t\tA victim from the West fertilizer plant explosion is wheeled into Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013.', '\t\t\tShattered windows at West Furniture on Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after an explosion Wednesday at a fertilizer plant in West.', '\t\t\tShattered windows at West Furniture after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, in West, after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday night.', '\t\t\tShattered windows on a sidewalk on Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after an explosion at a fertilizer plant  in West on Wednesday night.', 'A fire truck drives near Main Street on Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West on Wednesday night.', 'Shattered windows at West Furniture on Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after an explosion at a fertilizer plant  in West on Wednesday night.', "\t\t\tBaylor University student's hold a candle light vigil outside Waco Hall for the victim's of the West fertilizer plant explosion, Wednesday, April 17, 2013.", '\t\t\tThis video image provided by WFAA-TV shows injured people being treated on the flood-lit the high school football field turned into a staging area after the blast in West Texas Wednesday April 17, 2013.', '\t\t\tA victim from the West fertilizer plant explosion is wheeled into Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013.', '\t\t\tAn elderly person is assisted at a staging area at a local school stadium  following an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday.', '\t\t\tA fire fighter searches a nursing home that was damaged after an explosion at a neary by fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas.', '\t\t\tAn emergency worker walks through damaged apartment building following a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte)', '\t\t\tElderly persons from a nearby nursing home are triaged in a parking lot before being moved to a school stadium following a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. The explosion near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings.', '\t\t\tPersons are seen pushing wheel chairs in front of a damaged nursing home following an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday.', '\t\t\tEmergency workers assist an elderly person at a staging area at a local school stadium Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant near Waco sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin, causing major damage at nearby buildings and injuring numerous people.', '\t\t\tAn ambulance leaves Thursday April 18, 2013 at the area where a fertilizer blew up near the town of West, Texas.', '\t\t\tA state trooper blocks traffic in West, Texas, on Thursday, April 18, 2013. Much of the small town suffered damage when a fertilizer plant caught fire causing a massive explosion Wednesday night. Authorities are still trying to determine the death and injury toll. (Ron T. Ennis/Fort Worth Star-Telegram/MCT)', '\t\t\tAn emergency worker walks through damaged apartment building following a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte)', '\t\t\tWest resident Wesley Adcock, 29, talks to the media near the site of a massive explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas on April 17, 2013.  (Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News)', '\t\t\tWaco Police PIO, Sgt. William Swanton give a press briefing near the site of a massive explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas on April 17, 2013.  (Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News)', '\t\t\tWaco Police Sgt. William Swanton (center) speaks during a press conference on the explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx.', '\t\t\tShattered windows after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx.', '\t\t\tShattered windows at West Furniture after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx.', '\t\t\tA firetruck drives near main street after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx.', '\t\t\tThis aerial photo shows the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)', '\t\t\tA victim from the West fertilizer plant explosion is wheeled into Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013.', '\t\t\tThe remains of the the West Fertilizer Co. plant smolder in the rain on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.    MANDATORY CREDIT', '\t\t\tThe remains of the the West Fertilizer Co. plant smolder in the rain on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.    MANDATORY CREDIT', '\t\t\tFirefighters use flashlights early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013 to search a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas. The massive explosion killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, shaking the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and leveling homes and businesses for blocks in every direction.', '\t\t\tA victim from the West fertilizer plant explosion is wheeled into Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013.', '\t\t\tThe remains of a home burn early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after a fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas. The massive explosion killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, shaking the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and leveling homes and businesses for blocks in every direction.', '\t\t\tA firefighter stands on a rail line and surveys the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.', '\t\t\tFirefighters conduct search and rescue of an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.', '\t\t\tThe front of an apartment complex is destroyed by an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents.', '\t\t\tA firefighter pauses while surveying the blast zone destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant during search and rescue efforts in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.', '\t\t\tFirefighters walk next to a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, shaking the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and leveling homes and businesses for blocks in every direction. Rescuers searched rubble early Thursday for survivors.', '\t\t\tIn this Wednesday, April 17, 2013, photo provided by Joe Berti, a plume of smoke rises from a fertilizer plant fire near Waco, Texas.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said Thursday morning.', '\t\t\tThis aerial photo shows a view of homes on the North side of the fertilizer plant explosion site Thursday, April 18, 2013, in Near West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents.', '\t\t\tA smashed car sits in front of an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, as firefighters conduct a search and rescue Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. Wednesday night killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.', "\t\t\tA firefighter handles a children's bunk bed during a search and rescue of an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.", "\t\t\tThis aerial photo shows the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion and an emergency responders vehicle, bottom left, in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. Rescuers searched the smoking remnants for survivors of Wednesday night's thunderous fertilizer plant explosion, gingerly checking smashed houses and apartments for anyone still trapped in debris while the community awaited word on the number of dead.", '\t\t\tA Dallas Regional Urban Search and Rescue Truck sits parked by a destroyed apartment complex with emergency responders working the scene after it was destroyed by an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents.', '\t\t\tThe front of an apartment complex is destroyed after an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.   A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents.', '\t\t\tMangled metal and crushed vehicles are all that remains at the blast site of the fertilizer company, Thursday, April 18, 2013 in West Texas.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents.   MAGS OUT; (FORT WORTH WEEKLY, 360 WEST)', '\t\t\tFirefighter conduct a search and rescue operation at an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.', 'WEST, Texas (AP) \xe2\x80\x94 Rescuers searched the smoking remnants of a Texas farm town Thursday for survivors of a thunderous fertilizer plant explosion, gingerly checking smashed houses and apartments for anyone still trapped in debris while the community awaited word on the number of dead.Initial reports put the fatalities as high as 15, but later in the day, authorities backed away from any estimate and refused to elaborate. More than 160 people were hurt.A breathtaking band of destruction extended for blocks around the West Fertilizer Co. in the small community of West. The blast shook the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and crumpled dozens of homes, an apartment complex, a school and a nursing home. Its dull boom could be heard dozens of miles away from the town about 20 miles north of Waco.Waco police Sgt. William Patrick Swanton described ongoing search-and-rescue efforts as "tedious and time-consuming," noting that crews had to shore up much of the wreckage before going in.There was no indication the blast, which sent up a mushroom-shaped plume of smoke and left behind a crater, was anything other than an industrial accident, he said.On Thursday evening, several hundred people packed St. Mary of the Assumption Catholic Church in downtown West for a non-denominational church service. A victim relief services chaplain said prayers and hymns were offered in honor of blast victims.The explosion was apparently touched off by a fire, but there was no indication what sparked the blaze. The company had been cited by regulators for what appeared to be minor safety and permitting violations over the past decade.The Wednesday night explosion rained burning embers and debris down on terrified residents. The landscape Thursday was wrapped in acrid smoke and strewn with the shattered remains of buildings, furniture and personal belongings.Firefighter Darryl Hall choked up as he described the search."You\'re strong through it because that\'s your job. That\'s what you\'ve been trained to do. But you\'re reminded of the tragedy and your family. And that it could be you," Hall said. "Then it\'s a completely different story."While the community tended to its deep wounds, investigators awaited clearance to enter the blast zone for clues to what set off the plant\'s huge stockpile of volatile chemicals."It\'s still too hot to get in there," said Franceska Perot, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, later adding that she wasn\'t sure when her team would be able to start its investigation.The precise death toll was uncertain. Three to five volunteer firefighters initially were believed to be among the dead, which authorities said could number as many as 15. But the state Department of Public Safety later said the number of fatalities couldn\'t be confirmed.The Dallas Fire-Rescue Department said one of its off-duty firefighters, Capt. Kenny Harris, was among those killed. Harris \xe2\x80\x94 a 52-year-old married father of three grown sons \xe2\x80\x94 lived in West and had decided to lend a hand to the volunteers battling the blaze.The many injuries included broken bones, cuts and bruises, respiratory problems and minor burns. A few people were reported in intensive care and several more in critical condition.First-responders evacuated 133 patients from the nursing home, some in wheelchairs. Many were dazed and panicked and did not know what happened.William Burch and his wife, a retired Air Force nurse, entered the damaged nursing home before first-responders arrived. They searched separate wings and found residents in wheelchairs trapped in their rooms. The halls were dark, and the ceilings had collapsed. Water filled the hallways. Electrical wires hung eerily from the ceilings."They had Sheetrock that was on top of them. You had to remove that," Burch said. It was "completely chaotic."Gov. Rick Perry called the explosion "a truly nightmare scenario for the community" and said he had been in touch with President Barack Obama, who promised his administration\'s assistance with operations on the ground.Authorities said the plant handles both the fertilizers anhydrous ammonia and ammonium nitrate, the latter of which was used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing and several other attacks, such as the first bombing attempt at the World Trade Center in 1993.Ammonium nitrate makes big explosions, be they accidental or intentional, said Neil Donahue, professor of chemistry at Carnegie Mellon University. It is stable, but if its components are heated up sufficiently, they break apart in a runaway explosive chemical reaction, he said."The hotter it is, the faster the reaction will happen," he said. "That really happens almost instantaneously, and that\'s what gives the tremendous force of the explosion."About a half-hour before the blast, the town\'s volunteer firefighters had responded to a call at the plant, Swanton said. They immediately realized the potential for disaster because of the plant\'s chemical stockpile and began evacuating the surrounding area.The blast happened 20 minutes later.The U.S. Chemical Safety Board was deploying a large investigation team to West. The ATF team that investigates all large fires and explosions was bringing fire investigators, certified explosives specialists, chemists, canines and forensic specialists. American Red Cross crews were helping evacuated residents.Records reviewed by The Associated Press show the U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration fined West Fertilizer $10,000 last summer for safety violations that included planning to transport anhydrous ammonia without a security plan. An inspector also found the plant\'s ammonia tanks weren\'t properly labeled.The government accepted $5,250 after the company took what it described as corrective actions, the records show. It is not unusual for companies to negotiate lower fines with regulators.In a risk-management plan filed with the Environmental Protection Agency about a year earlier, the company said it was not handling flammable materials and did not have sprinklers, water-deluge systems, blast walls, fire walls or other safety mechanisms in place at the plant.State officials require all facilities that handle anhydrous ammonia to have sprinklers and other safety measures because it is a flammable substance, according to Mike Wilson, head of air permitting for the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality.But inspectors would not necessarily check for such mechanisms, and it\'s not known whether they did when the West plant was last inspected in 2006, said Ramiro Garcia, head of enforcement and compliance.That inspection followed a complaint about a strong ammonia smell, which the company resolved by obtaining a new permit, said the commission\'s executive director Zak Covar. He said no other complaints had been filed with the state since then, so there haven\'t been additional inspections.A woman who answered the phone at the home of plant owner Don R. Adair said he wasn\'t feeling well and would not be available for comment.The federal Chemical Safety Board has not investigated a fertilizer plant explosion before, but Managing Director Daniel Horowitz said "fertilizers have been involved in some of the most severe accidents of the past century."He noted the 2001 explosion at a chemical and fertilizer plant that killed 31 people and injured more than 2,000 in Toulouse, France. The blast in a hangar containing 300 tons of ammonium nitrate came 10 days after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, raising fears at the time that the two could be linked. A 2006 report blamed the blast on negligence.Horowitz also mentioned a disaster in Texas City in 1947, when a cargo ship holding more than 2,000 tons of ammonium nitrate caught fire and exploded, killing more than 500 people.___Associated Press writers Michael Brick, Will Weissert and Angela K. Brown and video journalist Raquel Maria Dillon in West; writers Jamie Stengle in Dallas, Ramit Plushnick-Masti in Houston and Seth Borenstein in Washington contributed to this report.', 'Copyright 2013 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', 'WEST, Texas (AP) \xe2\x80\x94 Rescuers searched the smoking remnants of a Texas farm town Thursday for survivors of a thunderous fertilizer plant explosion, gingerly checking smashed houses and apartments for anyone still trapped in debris while the community awaited word on the number of dead.', "49ers' Culliver posts to 30,000 Instagram followers pic including words 'bitch' and 'hoes'", 'Copyright 2013 Bloomberg. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', 'Jeff Bauman, who lost both legs, described suspected bomber while drugged in hospital.', 'Of course Brad Pitt transcends mere actor status. What other male actors make the cut?', 'With plenty of buyers and too-few homes, agents manipulate listing prices to lure multiple offers.']