['The Kansas governor faces a stiff test in persuading a legislature controlled by conservative Republicans to go along with his plan to keep a sales tax that\xe2\x80\x99s supposed to expire this summer.', 'In 2005, Larry and Kristina Dodge pledged $5 million for a building at the school. The school now wants the Kristina Dodge to pay a court settlement after her husband filed for bankruptcy protection.', 'The driver for Joe Gibbs Racing set a Kansas Speedway record in knocking former Roush Fenway teammates Carl Edwards and Ricky Stenhouse Jr. off the pole after each had briefly held the record with their Fords.', 'Three months have passed since John Dorsey was hired as general manager of the Chiefs. Most of his waking hours, not to mention those of the scouts, have been spent researching players available in the upcoming NFL Draft. But Dorsey said Friday, six days before the Chiefs are scheduled to make the first overall pick in the draft, they haven\xc2\x92t settled on the player they would select. Dorsey did say the Chiefs narrowed the list of candidates to four, though he wouldn\xc2\x92t identify them.', 'Critics dubbed USA Today "McPaper" when it debuted in 1982, and they accused its founder, Al Neuharth, of dumbing down American journalism with its easy-to-read articles and bright graphics.', 'Public TV station buys transfer of ownership from KTBG in Warrensburg. FCC approval is pending.', 'KC visitors association announces four conventions that are expected to generate $17 million', 'Burns & McDonnell reaches goal of 4,000 employees eight months ahead of schedule', 'There\xe2\x80\x99s no better topic for Sunday\xe2\x80\x99s sermon than Earth Day, many believe. The Sustainable Sanctuary Coalition says that about 70 faith leaders have promised to focus on that subject at least once in 2013.', 'Public TV station buys transfer of ownership from KTBG in Warrensburg. FCC approval is pending.', 'The manhunt for a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing is causing filming on David O. Russell\'s film "American Hustle" to be suspended.', 'A re-segregation of schools hurts America. More should be done to bridge the gaps in information about others.', 'We are, and always will be, a nation of open doors and a place where people move about freely. There are risks involved with that, as we were reminded this week. But the risks are far outweighed by the great virtue so eloquently stated by the suspects\xc2\x92 uncle Ruslan Tsarni \xc2\x97 the chance for all to claim their humanity. How tragic it is that the Boston bombers chose to forfeit theirs.', '    \t\tTexas Gov. Rick Perry says search and rescue operations have been largely completed in the small town where a fertilizer plant explosion killed 14 people and injured about 200 others.      ', '      \tFlanked by local officials, Perry told a Friday afternoon news conference that all affected buildings in West, Texas, had been cleared with possibly the exception of one burned home.Officials had said earlier that they had searched and cleared 150 buildings by Friday morning and planned to examine another 25 during the day.      ', '    Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', 'Next Saturday, a Global Health Event Started by KC will be Celebrated at Nelson Atkins', 'UMKC National Society of Black Engineers 2nd Annual Youth Minority Engineering Night - Co hosted by Kauffman Scholars Inc.']