['In the Garden with Urban Harvest: Biological mulch has benefits beyond soil building', 'The owner of the fertilizer plant in West that suffered an explosion leading to the deaths of at least a dozen people this week has spoken for the first time about the tragedy.Donald Adair, lifelong resident of West and owner of Adair Grain Inc., issued a statement Friday afternoon expressing sympathy for those affected."My heart is broken with grief for the tragic losses to so many families in our community," Adair said. "I know that everyone has been deeply affected by this incident. Loved ones have been injured or killed. Homes have been damaged or destroyed. Our hearts go out to everyone who has suffered."Adair said he would never forget the "selfless sacrifice of first responders who died" in the fire. "I was devastated to learn that we lost one of our employees in the explosion," Adair said. "He bravely responded to the fire at the facility as a volunteer firefighter. I will never forget his bravery and his sacrifice, or that of his colleagues who rushed to the trouble."The plant\'s owners and employees are working closely with investigating agencies, according to the statement."We are presenting all employees for interviews and will assist in the fact finding to whatever degree possible," Adair said. "We pledge to do everything we can to understand what happened to ensure nothing like this ever happens again in any community."Fifteen people have died from the plant explosion Wednesday night, according to a source familiar with the search-and-rescue efforts who wasn\'t authorized to speak to the media.Twelve bodies were recovered in and around the plant and two were found in a nearby apartment complex, the source said Friday afternoon.In addition, a man living in the West Rest Haven nursing home died after being evacuated.Another 60 people are still unaccounted since the explosion, but that number is expected to drop, U.S. Sen. John Cornyn said during a briefing in West.', 'Subscribe to the Houston Chronicle and receive access to the Chronicle for iPad App', 'Copyright 2013 Houston Chronicle. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', 'The owner of the fertilizer plant in West that suffered an explosion leading to the deaths of at least a dozen people this week has spoken for the first time about the tragedy.', 'Donald Adair, lifelong resident of West and owner of Adair Grain Inc., issued a statement Friday afternoon expressing...', "The Houston Chronicle is the premier local news provider for the country's 4th largest city.", "Currently the nation's sixth-largest newspaper, the Houston Chronicle is a multimedia company publishing print and online products in English and Spanish that reach millions of people each month. The Houston Chronicle is owned by the Hearst Corporation.", 'Place a targeted ad in a speciality section such as a weekly or neighborhood publication', 'Get home delivery, manage your subscription, pay your bill with EZ Pay, and set a vacation hold for the paper']