["Officials confirm deaths in fertilizer plant explosion near Waco, Texas - KansasCity.com');", 'The Kansas governor faces a stiff test in persuading a legislature controlled by conservative Republicans to go along with his plan to keep a sales tax thats supposed to expire this summer.', 'In 2005, Larry and Kristina Dodge pledged $5 million for a building at the school. The school now wants the Kristina Dodge to pay a court settlement after her husband filed for bankruptcy protection.', 'The driver for Joe Gibbs Racing set a Kansas Speedway record in knocking former Roush Fenway teammates Carl Edwards and Ricky Stenhouse Jr. off the pole after each had briefly held the record with their Fords.', 'Three months have passed since John Dorsey was hired as general manager of the Chiefs. Most of his waking hours, not to mention those of the scouts, have been spent researching players available in the upcoming NFL Draft. But Dorsey said Friday, six days before the Chiefs are scheduled to make the first overall pick in the draft, they havent settled on the player they would select. Dorsey did say the Chiefs narrowed the list of candidates to four, though he wouldnt identify them.', 'Critics dubbed USA Today "McPaper" when it debuted in 1982, and they accused its founder, Al Neuharth, of dumbing down American journalism with its easy-to-read articles and bright graphics.', 'Public TV station buys transfer of ownership from KTBG in Warrensburg. FCC approval is pending.', 'KC visitors association announces four conventions that are expected to generate $17 million', 'Burns & McDonnell reaches goal of 4,000 employees eight months ahead of schedule', 'Theres no better topic for Sundays sermon than Earth Day, many believe. The Sustainable Sanctuary Coalition says that about 70 faith leaders have promised to focus on that subject at least once in 2013.', 'Public TV station buys transfer of ownership from KTBG in Warrensburg. FCC approval is pending.', 'The manhunt for a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing is causing filming on David O. Russell\'s film "American Hustle" to be suspended.', 'A re-segregation of schools hurts America. More should be done to bridge the gaps in information about others.', 'We are, and always will be, a nation of open doors and a place where people move about freely. There are risks involved with that, as we were reminded this week. But the risks are far outweighed by the great virtue so eloquently stated by the suspects uncle Ruslan Tsarni  the chance for all to claim their humanity. How tragic it is that the Boston bombers chose to forfeit theirs.', 'WEST  An explosion at a fertilizer plant in West on Wednesday night claimed anywhere from five to 15 lives, injured more than 160 people and sent flames shooting high, leaving the factory in smoldering ruins and causing major damage to surrounding buildings.', 'Sgt. Patrick Swanton, spokesperson for the Waco Police Department, confirmed early Thursday morning that the blast claimed at least 5-15 lives.A fire broke out at the plant at 7:29 p.m. to which the West Fire Department was called. While fighting the fire, the plant exploded. Swanton said the first call about the explosion was logged at 7:53 p.m. He confirmed that crews are still searching for 3-5 of the firefighters that responded to the fire.Swanton said the plant is still on fire, though the fire is contained. The fertilizer plant, on Jerry Mashek Drive, is about 3 miles north of the town of about 2,800, and it is still a possibility that a second tank inside the plant could catch fire.More than 160 people were injured in the incident, Swanton Said. Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center iEO Glenn Robinson said early Thursday morning that the center had treated more than 100 of those injured and no deaths have occurred at Hillcrest. Robinson said 14 of the hospital\'s cases are considered serious and may require admission to the hospital.Two cases were sent to a specialized pediatric unit at McLane Children\'s Hospital in Temple. There were blast injuries, orthopedic injuries, large wounds, and a lot of lacerations and cuts, Robinson said.The hospital heard of the explosion at 8 p.m. Wednesday, Robinson said. At 8:02 p.m., Hillcrest went to \'code green\' status, calling all off-duty workers back in. The hospital received its first patient from the scene at 8:15 p.m. The hospital ceased its \'code green\' status at 3:30 a.m. Thursday.More than 60 victims were seen at Parkland hospital in Waco, too.People were first treated for injuries on the floodlit high school football field in West until the second tank in the fertilizer plant was recognized as a hazard. After that, people were told to evacuate the area immediately.Air quality is no longer a concern, Swanton said."There is no threat to safety from the smoke of the fire," he said.The scene of the explosion is being treated as a crime scene until investigators are able to enter the plant."I have no indication that this was anything other than industrial fire. It is better to treat it as a crime scene and then call it a industrial fire later," Swanton said."We always start out looking the worst scenario."What they sawDPS trooper D.L. Lewis said this is "an unbelievable tragedy," and likened the blast aftermath to Iraq or the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City after the 1996 bombing.Emergency workers are searching door to door throughout the night for victims of the powerful blast, which was felt as far north as Arlington and sent a mushroom cloud high into the sky. Lewis said 75 to 100 homes had been damaged or destroyed in the town of fewer than 3,000 people."I saw homes burning. Some homes were leveled," Swanton said. "It was almost tornadic."West Mayor Tommy Muska, a volunteer firefighter, was on his way to the plant to fight the fire when the explosion occurred."[It] blew my hat off," he said. "[The plant] was fully engulfed in flames."Buildings in a five-block radius, including a nursing home with about 130 residents, were significantly damaged, he said. West Middle School on West Shook Street also burned."We need your prayers. There\'s a lot of people that I\'m sure are not going to be here tomorrow," West Mayor Tommy Muska said at an 11 p.m. news conference.Toxic gas and weather conditions are still major concerns, Swanton said.Gov. Rick Perry said state officials were waiting for details about the extent of the damage."We are monitoring developments and gathering information as details continue to emerge about this incident," Perry said in a statement."We have also mobilized state resources to help local authorities. Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of West, and the first responders on the scene."Community responseWest\'s kolache bakeries are a popular stop on Interstate 35. Several injured people came to the Czech Stop bakery, said Barbara Schissler, president of the store."There have been many injuries," she said by phone."It\'s just crazy here. Like a war zone."As she talked, emergency sirens could be heard continuously in the background.Texas Department of Public Safety troopers were using their squad cars to transport injured people, Gayle Scarbrough, a spokeswoman for the department\'s Waco office, told a Waco TV station.She said six helicopters were also en route to help.It could not be learned immediately what kind of chemicals might be at the plant.Beverly Nunley, the Czech Stop\'s store manager, said the blast was so powerful that it rattled the walls, which knocked signs and framed pictures of celebrities to the floor."We\'ve been told to shut our gas pumps off," Nunley saidWest, in McLennan County, is 68 miles south of Fort Worth.This report includes material from The Associated Press.', 'Copyright 2013 Fort Worth Star-Telegram. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', 'Next Saturday, a Global Health Event Started by KC will be Celebrated at Nelson Atkins', 'UMKC National Society of Black Engineers 2nd Annual Youth Minority Engineering Night - Co hosted by Kauffman Scholars Inc.']