<<<<<<< HEAD
['Owner of destroyed buildings in West vows to rebuild, if the fertilizer plant is relocated', 'Rescuers have ended their search for survivors following the devastating fertilizer explosion in West this week that killed at least 14 people and injured 200.Texas Gov. Rick Perry announced Friday afternoon that the search and rescue operation has ended now that responders have found 14 bodies. At least 11 emergency responders are presumed dead after the massive explosion and blaze at the West Fertilizer Co. facility near Waco.Sen. John Cornyn said earlier Friday that 60 people remain unaccounted for, but officials have now downplayed that number. Officials said this afternoon that people were put on a list of those missing if friends and family couldn\xe2\x80\x99t reach them. Most of them are probably alive and staying with friends and family, officials said.Meanwhile, the owner of West Fertilizer Co. broke his silence Friday and expressed his \xe2\x80\x9cheartfelt sympathy for those affected.\xe2\x80\x9d Donald Adair said he pledged to help solve what caused the blast and prevent it from happening again in any community.Adair praised the first responders \xe2\x80\x9cwho died trying to protect all of us\xe2\x80\x9d and said the incident will be something he will never get over.At a news conference late Friday to discuss the capture of the second Boston Marathon suspect, President Barack Obama mentioned the West explosion, saying that the town "will not be forgotten.""I\'ve pledged that the people of West will have the resources that they need to recover and rebuild," he said. "I want everybody in Texas to know that we will follow through on those commitments."He added: "All in all, this has been a tough week."At an afternoon news conference, Perry called the damage in West \xe2\x80\x9cpretty stunning.\xe2\x80\x9d The fertilizer facility had at least 540,000 pounds of ammonium nitrate, Texas Health Department records show. That is 100 times more than what was used in the Oklahoma City bombing 18 years ago Friday.Chris Barron, the executive director of the State Firemen\'s & Fire Marshals\' Association of Texas, said his organization has calculated that 11 first responders died in West.They are five West volunteer firefighters, a retired firefighter who assisted West, a Dallas Fire-Rescue captain who lived in the town and four emergency medical technicians, Barron said. He said some bodies recovered haven\'t been identified yet.Texas Department of Public Safety Sgt. Jason Reyes said the bodies were found "in the area" of the facility that exploded. He did not say how many were found at the explosion site and how many were recovered from surrounding buildings. Mayor Pro-tem Steve Vanek confirmed that five of West\'s 33 firefighters, including the city secretary, died in the explosion.Many victims are still in hospitals. Five patients, including three in critical condition, remain in Scott & White hospitals in Temple. Eighteen patients are still in Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center Scott & White Healthcare in Waco. Eight have been released from that hospital.As rescuers still search for people alive in the rubble, West residents forced to evacuate the town haven\xe2\x80\x99t been allowed yet to see what remains of their homes. State officials were expected to tour the damage area Friday afternoon.State Rep. Kyle Kacal said he understood residents want to see their homes but said, "What everyone needs to remember: prayers and patience."Kacal said he had lots of people ask him to check on their homes when he toured the site.Sen. Ted Cruz, who joined Cornyn on the morning tour, declined to discuss whether buildings and houses in West were built too close to the fertilizer facility. The site opened in 1962."We need to allow time for a careful investigation of what occurred. We all want to know what happened here," Cruz said. "It would be a mistake to rush to a conclusion."Cornyn said he expects there will be a review of the facility\xe2\x80\x99s close proximity to homes and schools."I\'m confident there will be exactly the kind of review you\'re talking about on the local level, state level and the federal level,\xe2\x80\x9d he said. \xe2\x80\x9cWe have authorities from all of those jurisdictions here in place."The ATF will begin investigating the blast area Friday to collect debris and other evidence that may point to a cause.The deceased have been transported to the Dallas County Medical Examiner\'s office for identification.Twenty-five buildings have yet to be cleared by the search and rescue teams. \xc2\xa0Local, state and federal officials were expected to meet Friday to devise a plan for allowing residents back into the area affected by the blast.Multiple obstacles must be overcome before people can live in the area. Some bodies sill must be recovered, and buildings need to be inspected to make sure they are structurally sound, officials said. With at least 175 buildings in the blast zone, that will take time."We don\'t even have water out there right now," said Mayor Pro-Tem Steve Vanek.By the numbers200 injuries reported150 buildings destroyed50 buildings cleared by search and rescue teams25 buildings yet to be cleared3 fire trucks destroyed1 EMS vehicle destroyed', "Federal judge rules in favor of Bush Center protesters, calls Dallas' picketing ordinance 'unconstitutionally vague'", 'To post a comment, log into your chosen social network and then add your comment below. Your comments are subject to our Terms of Service and the privacy policy and terms of service of your social network. If you do not want to comment with a social network, please consider writing a letter to the editor.', 'Copyright 2011 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserve. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.']
=======
['Owner of destroyed buildings in West vows to rebuild, if the fertilizer plant is relocated', 'Rescuers have ended their search for survivors following the devastating fertilizer explosion in West this week that killed at least 14 people and injured 200.Texas Gov. Rick Perry announced Friday afternoon that the search and rescue operation has ended now that responders have found 14 bodies. At least 11 emergency responders are presumed dead after the massive explosion and blaze at the West Fertilizer Co. facility near Waco.Sen. John Cornyn said earlier Friday that 60 people remain unaccounted for, but officials have now downplayed that number. Officials said this afternoon that people were put on a list of those missing if friends and family couldnt reach them. Most of them are probably alive and staying with friends and family, officials said.Meanwhile, the owner of West Fertilizer Co. broke his silence Friday and expressed his heartfelt sympathy for those affected. Donald Adair said he pledged to help solve what caused the blast and prevent it from happening again in any community.Adair praised the first responders who died trying to protect all of us and said the incident will be something he will never get over.At a news conference late Friday to discuss the capture of the second Boston Marathon suspect, President Barack Obama mentioned the West explosion, saying that the town "will not be forgotten.""I\'ve pledged that the people of West will have the resources that they need to recover and rebuild," he said. "I want everybody in Texas to know that we will follow through on those commitments."He added: "All in all, this has been a tough week."At an afternoon news conference, Perry called the damage in West pretty stunning. The fertilizer facility had at least 540,000 pounds of ammonium nitrate, Texas Health Department records show. That is 100 times more than what was used in the Oklahoma City bombing 18 years ago Friday.Chris Barron, the executive director of the State Firemen\'s & Fire Marshals\' Association of Texas, said his organization has calculated that 11 first responders died in West.They are five West volunteer firefighters, a retired firefighter who assisted West, a Dallas Fire-Rescue captain who lived in the town and four emergency medical technicians, Barron said. He said some bodies recovered haven\'t been identified yet.Texas Department of Public Safety Sgt. Jason Reyes said the bodies were found "in the area" of the facility that exploded. He did not say how many were found at the explosion site and how many were recovered from surrounding buildings. Mayor Pro-tem Steve Vanek confirmed that five of West\'s 33 firefighters, including the city secretary, died in the explosion.Many victims are still in hospitals. Five patients, including three in critical condition, remain in Scott & White hospitals in Temple. Eighteen patients are still in Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center Scott & White Healthcare in Waco. Eight have been released from that hospital.As rescuers still search for people alive in the rubble, West residents forced to evacuate the town havent been allowed yet to see what remains of their homes. State officials were expected to tour the damage area Friday afternoon.State Rep. Kyle Kacal said he understood residents want to see their homes but said, "What everyone needs to remember: prayers and patience."Kacal said he had lots of people ask him to check on their homes when he toured the site.Sen. Ted Cruz, who joined Cornyn on the morning tour, declined to discuss whether buildings and houses in West were built too close to the fertilizer facility. The site opened in 1962."We need to allow time for a careful investigation of what occurred. We all want to know what happened here," Cruz said. "It would be a mistake to rush to a conclusion."Cornyn said he expects there will be a review of the facilitys close proximity to homes and schools."I\'m confident there will be exactly the kind of review you\'re talking about on the local level, state level and the federal level, he said. We have authorities from all of those jurisdictions here in place."The ATF will begin investigating the blast area Friday to collect debris and other evidence that may point to a cause.The deceased have been transported to the Dallas County Medical Examiner\'s office for identification.Twenty-five buildings have yet to be cleared by the search and rescue teams. Local, state and federal officials were expected to meet Friday to devise a plan for allowing residents back into the area affected by the blast.Multiple obstacles must be overcome before people can live in the area. Some bodies sill must be recovered, and buildings need to be inspected to make sure they are structurally sound, officials said. With at least 175 buildings in the blast zone, that will take time."We don\'t even have water out there right now," said Mayor Pro-Tem Steve Vanek.By the numbers200 injuries reported150 buildings destroyed50 buildings cleared by search and rescue teams25 buildings yet to be cleared3 fire trucks destroyed1 EMS vehicle destroyed', "Federal judge rules in favor of Bush Center protesters, calls Dallas' picketing ordinance 'unconstitutionally vague'", 'To post a comment, log into your chosen social network and then add your comment below. Your comments are subject to our Terms of Service and the privacy policy and terms of service of your social network. If you do not want to comment with a social network, please consider writing a letter to the editor.', 'Copyright 2011 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserve. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.']
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
