<<<<<<< HEAD
["Follow George Watson's Twitter live from the Texas Tech-Kansas Big 12 baseball game at Rip Griffin Park More", 'West begins cleanup, recovery effort following massive blastPerry: Blast rescue largely completePosted:\xc2\xa0April 19, 2013 - 9:03pm', '\t\tCopyright 2013 Lubbock Online. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', 'Texas Gov. Rick Perry says search and rescue operations have been largely completed in the small town where a fertilizer plant explosion killed 14 people and injured about 200 others.', 'Flanked by local officials, Perry told a Friday afternoon news conference that all affected buildings in West had been cleared with possibly the exception of one burned home.', 'Officials had said earlier that they had searched and cleared 150 buildings by Friday morning and planned to examine another 25 during the day.', 'Federal investigators will continue searching the wreckage of a Central Texas fertilizer plant into the weekend.', 'That will delay indefinitely the return home of residents displaced by the evacuation of much of the town of West after the Wednesday blast.', 'Franceska Perot is a spokeswoman for the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. She said late Friday that investigators were still combing through debris and would continue today. Until they\xe2\x80\x99re finished, she said residents cannot return to their homes and she had no timetable for completion of the agents\xe2\x80\x99 work.', 'The investigators are inspecting the wrecked West Fertilizer plant to collect debris and other evidence that may point to a cause of the blast that killed at least 14 people. About 200 people were injured.', 'The owner of the fertilizer plant that shattered a Central Texas town and killed at least 14 people says his \xe2\x80\x9cheart is broken with grief for the tragic losses.\xe2\x80\x9d', 'In a statement Friday, West Fertilizer owner Donald Adair said the Wednesday explosion \xe2\x80\x9cwill continue to hurt deeply for generations to come.\xe2\x80\x9d', 'The blast also injured more than 200 people and destroyed about 50 homes nearby.', 'Adair said one of his own plant employees was among the dead. He was among the volunteer firefighters killed fighting a fire that led to the explosion.', 'Adair said he and his family were grateful for the service of those who died trying to fight the fire. He also said he and the plant management and employees are \xe2\x80\x9cworking closely\xe2\x80\x9d with agencies investigating the disaster.', 'Texas public safety officials say this week\xe2\x80\x99s blast at a fertilizer plant destroyed 50 homes in the small Central Texas town of West.', 'Speaking Friday morning at a news conference, Texas Department of Public Safety Sgt. Jason Reyes said authorities have searched and cleared 150 buildings. They still have another 25 to examine.', 'Reyes said Wednesday\xe2\x80\x99s explosion killed 14 people and injured 200 others in the small farming community about 20 miles north of Waco.', 'Please Note: You may have disabled JavaScript and/or CSS. Although this news content will be accessible, certain functionality is unavailable.', "Parking could be a mess for Saturday 'Elvis' matinee (PlayBill blog by William Kerns)", 'Klein seeks feedback on budget, Godeke, other issues in coffee event (Government blog)']
=======
["Follow George Watson's Twitter live from the Texas Tech-Kansas Big 12 baseball game at Rip Griffin Park More", 'West begins cleanup, recovery effort following massive blastPerry: Blast rescue largely completePosted:April 19, 2013 - 9:03pm', 'Copyright 2013 Lubbock Online. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', 'Texas Gov. Rick Perry says search and rescue operations have been largely completed in the small town where a fertilizer plant explosion killed 14 people and injured about 200 others.', 'Flanked by local officials, Perry told a Friday afternoon news conference that all affected buildings in West had been cleared with possibly the exception of one burned home.', 'Officials had said earlier that they had searched and cleared 150 buildings by Friday morning and planned to examine another 25 during the day.', 'Federal investigators will continue searching the wreckage of a Central Texas fertilizer plant into the weekend.', 'That will delay indefinitely the return home of residents displaced by the evacuation of much of the town of West after the Wednesday blast.', 'Franceska Perot is a spokeswoman for the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. She said late Friday that investigators were still combing through debris and would continue today. Until theyre finished, she said residents cannot return to their homes and she had no timetable for completion of the agents work.', 'The investigators are inspecting the wrecked West Fertilizer plant to collect debris and other evidence that may point to a cause of the blast that killed at least 14 people. About 200 people were injured.', 'The owner of the fertilizer plant that shattered a Central Texas town and killed at least 14 people says his heart is broken with grief for the tragic losses.', 'In a statement Friday, West Fertilizer owner Donald Adair said the Wednesday explosion will continue to hurt deeply for generations to come.', 'The blast also injured more than 200 people and destroyed about 50 homes nearby.', 'Adair said one of his own plant employees was among the dead. He was among the volunteer firefighters killed fighting a fire that led to the explosion.', 'Adair said he and his family were grateful for the service of those who died trying to fight the fire. He also said he and the plant management and employees are working closely with agencies investigating the disaster.', 'Texas public safety officials say this weeks blast at a fertilizer plant destroyed 50 homes in the small Central Texas town of West.', 'Speaking Friday morning at a news conference, Texas Department of Public Safety Sgt. Jason Reyes said authorities have searched and cleared 150 buildings. They still have another 25 to examine.', 'Reyes said Wednesdays explosion killed 14 people and injured 200 others in the small farming community about 20 miles north of Waco.', 'Please Note: You may have disabled JavaScript and/or CSS. Although this news content will be accessible, certain functionality is unavailable.', "Parking could be a mess for Saturday 'Elvis' matinee (PlayBill blog by William Kerns)", 'Klein seeks feedback on budget, Godeke, other issues in coffee event (Government blog)']
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
