['No politics. Political videos (including ones related to current political figures) should be submitted to r/politics, r/worldpolitics, etc.', 'No personal information such as names, Facebook pages, phone numbers, addresses, etc. This is grounds for an immediate (and likely permanent) ban, so consider this a warning.', 'No witch-hunting or incitement to witch hunt. This means no demanding "Reddit justice" in any way in post titles or comments.', 'No police brutality/violence videos. Consider posting to a different subreddit, like /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut or elsewhere.', 'If your submission does not appear in the new queue, please contact us (be sure to include a link to the Reddit post (i.e. comments section), not the content you are linking). Simply deleting your post may cause the spam filter to catch future ones.', 'Also, please contact us regarding spam, political or any other inappropriate videos, as this helps us remove them more quickly!', 'Missed the best of Reddit yesterday? Catch the daily recap and best links at /r/tldr', 'If anybody is wondering, the town of West, Texas pretty much exists because of this plant. Which happens to be next to a school and residential areas.', "I doubt there was anything they could have done once it was burning, but it would be hard to give up and run away when you can see the elementary and high schools from where you're standing, and have no idea if they'll be caught in the blast.", "I doubt there was anything they could have done once it was burning, but it would be hard to give up and run away when you can see the elementary and high schools from where you're standing, and have no idea if they'll be caught in the blast.", "Texas, that's where; thanks to no zoning. From the State that brought you the sprawling morass of Houston, here's a fertilizer plant a few hundred yards from an apartment complex.", "It's obvious it wasn't here - cuz man, that apartment building - and you just know folks were staring out their windows looking at it....", 'edit:   I just read windows broke five miles away, houses shook 50+ miles away.    "safe distance from residentials" seems to be... Iowa.   :-/    It\'s one of those weeks, Lucifer\'s Morning Taco.', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']