['But they figured that out.  I hope someday end-to-end encryption will be as common and easy to use as SSL is today.', 'Obviously https is better than http but even if you use just http someone sniffing the exit node only knows that someone searched for "erectile dysfunction".  Unless they are doing a timing attack on your entry and exit node it would be very difficult to know it was you who sent that request.  So yeah, https > http as it is one more layer but IF Tor is working the way it is supposed to and you are using it the way you are supposed to then technically it should not matter.', "I think maybe the more important distinction to make is that Tor is not magic.  Meaning Tor can't make you anonymous if you use to to log in with your username and password on google.  In that case you've authenticated on a service and your Tor use is almost useless (depending on how much access you think the NSA has to Google's backend).", 'You can climb up and do it over and over.  The way the trail is shaped you can hear the "bawoooooom" sound it makes when people hit the water from like a 1/2 mile away.  Pretty popular destination, sometimes you have to wait on a line to make the jump.', "If you're hispanic the classification stops there and you're considered hispanic.  If you do not select hispanic then you're placed in one of the 5 categories.  Being hispanic is a matter of perception.  If you think you are, then you are.  Race is probably a little bit more clear cut in terms of where you can trace your ancestry but is still hardly an exact science.", 'If George considered himself non-hispanic then his race would probably be white.  Which I think some people find odd.  Pretty much anyone from south america would fall into the "white" category if they don\'t identify as hispanic (which is an affiliation, not something intrinsic).', "As it is, we do have a somewhat roughed up George, marks on Treyvon's hands consistent with at least some level of hitting, and shots in Treyvon's front.  no witnesses, so that sucks.  no gaping holes in George's story.  No history of shooting people down or any prior violent convictions.", "Yeah, all the way around it strikes me as reasonable doubt.  Not like I'm jumping up and down and cheering the guy on but the doubt, to me, at least sounds reasonable.", 'On top of that we make no pretense to even pretend to kill them humanely.  We just toss em in a pot of boiling water.  The poor lobster.  The earth in general is way too horrifically violent.  I wish there were a way to eliminate all non-herbivores.  I look at eating other sentient beings and it seems like the earth has a psychosis.  Or some kind of global cancer that is trying to cure.  but instead of a cure there is just this homeostasis of fucked up torture on a global scale.', "Fuck every lion that chased down a grazing gazelle, broke its neck and ripped its guts out.  Fuck em all to hell.  And us too.  We could fix it once and for all but we don't, so damn us all to hell too.", "This is absurd.  Congress has been a rubber stamp for extending these programs over and over.  It is basically the only thing they can all agree on.  If we're pinning our hopes on a sunset provision then we are well and truly fucked.", 'So, just a generic statement makes more sense in that context.  nothing is objective when we\'re dealing with 1/1,000,000th of the actual variation that could occur.  Like, The earth could tell the Sun it isn\'t working out because the sun is a million times more massive.  That\'s objective, even in a realm as large as the entire universe.  but to say "you\'re not attractive enough" is a subjective judgement based on subtle cues that vary from person to person and have few, if any, objective measures.', 'I can tell you that his head hit that tree extremely hard.  He must have been falling or tripping head first with most of the center of his mass shifted forward to hit hard enough to make a sound like that.', "Further, it is really hard to get KO'd from hitting the top of your head which is just another indicator of how hard he managed to somehow drive the top of his head into this tree like a goddamned fastball.", 'All of this kind of regulation has to happen internationally, maybe with a Basel IV.  Anything else is just grandstanding which she is turning out to be pretty good at.  Actually getting things done, not so much.', 'I think the most cringy part is not the icp guys being stupid, that is their shtick, whatever.  It was sharon osborne saying she is feared and respected in the business.  And meaning it.', 'The people left in unions now are the bitter militant types who learned how to fuck over as many people as possible to secure their own spot in a shrinking population of decent unionized jobs.', "Unions had no effective way to fight globalization.  People liked cheap stuff more than a union member having a good job.  The few places where unions had victories are where they dug in with both heels and made it nearly impossible to fire people.  Not coincidentially these are also the same professions where you'd really like it if people were fired with some regularity (police, government, teachers).", '134K total.  of that total 17K are victimless crimes.  The gov could safely pardon every one of them tomorrow.', "A significant chunk are also in crimes that do have a victim but it is pretty indirect.  If you add up things like theft and DUI it another 20K.  I'm not saying these are as easy to pardon as the 17K above but these people could be managed with an aggressive probation program.", 'That leaves behind about 90K who have committed a fairly serious crime against another person directly.  That is who belongs in prison and it, by the way, would take the prison population in Cali back down to its actual capacity.', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']