['Your daily news briefing, with the video of the day, top news and quote of the day.', "Local sports roundup from The Steuben Courier Advocate's April 21, 2013 edition.", "Word of the Day, Website of the Day, Number to Know, This Day in History, Today's Featured Birthday and Daily Quote.", 'Your daily news briefing, with the video of the day, top news and quote of the day.', 'Nathaniel J. Webster, son of Brian and Suzie Webster, of Spencer Hill, Corning, has made some great achievements in Boy Scouts throughout his life.', 'Keuka Health Foundation Radio Auction raises $11,000 to benefit emergency department', 'The Keuka Health Foundation raised $11,000 through its thirteenth annual Radio Auction with proceeds to benefit the Emergency Department Capital Campaign currently underway in support of emergency department renovations taking place at Arnot Healths Ira Davenport Memorial Hospital.', 'With a $250 grant from the Dewey Family Fund for Community Service, Corning Community College was able to raise more than $500.00 to donate to the Bank of the Southern Tier in an effort to raise awareness of hunger issues both locally and nationally.', 'April 27, 2013 the 5th National Prescription Drug Take Back Day  drugstores, police departments and other locations nationwide will accept unwanted or unused prescription drugs.', 'Amphibians were the first animals with backbones to crawl out onto dry land some 360 million years ago. Their descendents, the frogs, toads, and salamanders, still survive, although for many species, their existence is threatened. The presentation will be held at 10 a.m. Saturday, April 20 at the Ted Markham Nature Center at Mossy Bank Park in Bath to hear Broome Community College professor, Dr. Victor Lamoureaux, discuss the status of our local amphibians, see some representative specimens, and if you wish, join Dr. Lamoureaux on a walk through the woods to see what we can find. A great way to spend an Earth Day weekend morning! The program is free to the public.', 'Its like the Energizer bunny advertising campaign for the battery that keeps going and going and going. In New York State, the challenges keep coming and coming and coming.', 'WEST, Texas  Rescue workers searched the smoldering ruins of a fertilizerplantThursday for survivors of a monstrousexplosionthat leveled homes and businesses in every direction across the Texas prairie. As many as 15 people were feared dead and more than 160 others injured.', 'Corning Community Colleges Walter R. Smith Visiting Scholar Series will host author Curt Smith as he presents The Story of Presidential Speechwriting on Wednesday, April 24, 2013 at 8:00 p.m. in the Triangle Lounge, located in the Commons building on the Spencer Hill campus in Corning, NY. This event is free and open to the public.', "Word of the Day, Website of the Day, Number to Know, This Day in History, Today's Featured Birthday and Daily Quote.", 'Your daily news briefing, with the video of the day, top news and quote of the day.', 'The new home of Genesee Community College in Dansville offers an exciting opportunity for students interested in the arts. GCC Dansville, which recently moved into the old Dansville Middle School at 31 Clara Barton St., now offers Fine and Performing Arts courses.', 'Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.']