['Texas town mourns victims, including first responders after fertilizer depot blast - The Washington PostwpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost', '???initialComments:true! pubdate:04/19/2013 21:14 EDT! commentPeriod:14! commentEndDate:5/3/13 9:14 EDT! currentDate:4/20/13 8:0 EDT! allowComments:true! displayComments:true!', 'Texas town mourns victims, including first responders after fertilizer depot blast', "Three members of the Texas congressional delegation, including Sen. John Cornyn, got a firsthand view of the aftermath of this week's massive fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas.", 'WEST, Tex.  In this tiny town, the enormous loss caused by a massive fertilizer plant explosion was just starting to sink in on Friday, as talk about deaths and missing people was passed by word of mouth, drawing sighs, gasps and tears.', 'Its going to be tough for the families, said Deborah Sulak, 51, a cashier at a small grocery store just around the corner from the fire station. But were going to rebound. Were fighters.', 'Fertilizer facility explodes in central Texas:A massive explosion on Wednesday night at a fertilizer facility in West, Tex., left more than 160 people wounded and killed an estimated five to 15 people , officials said, likely including firefighters who had been battling the blaze at the factory that triggered the explosion. West is 20 miles north of Waco.', 'At a late-afternoon news conference Friday, Mayor Tommy Muska confirmed that 14 bodies had been recovered, including those of five volunteer firefighters  one of whom was the city manager  and four emergency medical technicians. Most had rushed to West Fertilizer on Wednesday night when it erupted in a fireball, causing widespread damage. Its devastating, Muska said. I have been a member of the fire department for 26 years. These guys were my friends. A West firefighter said his colleagues acted bravely in an effort to contain the blaze while nearby residents were being evacuated. It grew and it grew and they werent able to flee before the blast, said Florentino Perez. They were trying to connect the hose to the hydrant when it went boom.At the end of a week that has kept Americans on edge, following Mondays bombings in Boston and ricin-laced letters mailed to members of Congress, there was something conspicuously absent here, in this town that takes great pride in its deep Czech roots: a search for a villain.You cant really blame anyone, Perez said. Only God knows why this happened.The fertilizer plant had been on fire once before, nearly a decade ago, and the all-volunteer West Fire Department had managed to put it out before it spread to a nearby school and homes.Perhaps with that in mind, a handful of the citys firefighters rushed to the edge of the swelling flames Wednesday night and drained the water tank on one of their trucks. With the fire untamed, they started to connect a hose to the nearest fire hydrant when a gargantuan ball of fire shot into the sky in this rural farm town of 2,800 people, leveling dozens of homes and making the earth rattle for miles.This was a horrible accident, and were going to have to move on as a community, Sulak said. Its going to be millions and millions of dollars and an awful loss of life. The first responders killed Wednesday night were hailed as heroes. Dallas Fire and Rescue Capt. Kenny Harris, 52, a resident of West, was among them, according to the City of Dallas. Harris was off-duty when the blaze began, but he rushed to help.Captain Harris rushed to the scene compelled to provide assistance to his community during a crisis, Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings said in a statement.Chris Barron, the head of the Firemens and Fire Marshals Association of Texas, said at least 20 of Wests 29 firefighters had advanced training that includes basic knowledge of responding to fires in areas that store hazardous material. He said even big-city fire departments struggle with such fires, noting that it presented an enormous challenge to the citys tiny force.', 'SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams.', 'Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment.', 'Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area.', 'Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs.', 'Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts.', 'World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs.', 'This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors arent staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story.', 'Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.', 'To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused".  If paused, you\'ll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.', 'Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under guard; ACLU concerned about Miranda rights', 'A look at the bombing at the Boston Marathon finish line, investigation into the 2 suspects', 'Teen whose photo ran on newspaper front says he was stunned at portrayal as potential suspect', 'Brush fire east of LA forces evacuation of 200 homes; another blaze halts I-405 traffic', 'River flooding continues in Midwest, with several towns expected to see crests Sunday', 'Sheriff: 5 backcountry snowboarders killed in avalanche on Colorados Loveland Pass', 'Judge rules for Jim Thorpes 2 sons, clearing way for potential return of remains to Okla.', 'Man hijacks Texas bus, orders driver and passengers to leave, then kills himself after chase', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under heavy guard; Boston area breathes easier', 'Doctor: Dead Boston Marathon bomb suspect had head to toe wounds after shootout with police', 'Oregon sheriff says missing Oklahoma man was hallucinating during last call with family', 'Skyscraper? Check. Giant joystick? Check. Game of Pong will be writ large in Philadelphia', 'Texas town mourns victims, including first responders after fertilizer depot blast', 'Biden says response to tragedies incredible, gun control could depend on 2014 elections', 'The Post Most: NationMost-viewed stories, videos and galleries int he past two hours', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under guard; ACLU concerned about Miranda rights', 'A look at the bombing at the Boston Marathon finish line, investigation into the 2 suspects', 'Teen whose photo ran on newspaper front says he was stunned at portrayal as potential suspect', 'Brush fire east of LA forces evacuation of 200 homes; another blaze halts I-405 traffic', 'Sign-up for e-mail newsletters and alerts and get the news you need delivered directly to your inbox.', 'Live Q&A, 11 a.m. ETLive online discussion with Real Wheels columnist Warren Brown about car-buying and the auto industry.']