<<<<<<< HEAD
['Fertilizer facility explosion injures at least 160 in central Texas; 5 to 15 feared dead - The Washington PostwpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost', '???initialComments:true! pubdate:04/18/2013 02:29 EDT! commentPeriod:14! commentEndDate:5/2/13 2:29 EDT! currentDate:4/20/13 8:0 EDT! allowComments:true! displayComments:true!', 'An earlier version of this story incorrectly referred to the fertilizer facility as a plant. It is a retail facility, and the story has been corrected.', 'Fertilizer facility explosion injures at least 160 in central Texas; 5 to 15 feared dead', 'Cellphone video shows a massive explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco, Texas.', ' WEST, Texas \xe2\x80\x94 Rescue crews are searching the smoldering remains of a fertilizer facility in central Texas, and a swath of destroyed homes around it, for victims of a massive explosion that injured more than 160 people and may have killed as many as 15, authorities said.', 'The estimate of how many may have died in the explosion Wednesday night includes an estimated three or four \xe2\x80\x9cfirst responders\xe2\x80\x9d who remained missing hours after the blast, most likely volunteer firefighters or ambulance workers. Officials said they were among many who responded to a fire at the West Fertilizer Co. retail facility and were urgently trying to evacuate people from the area, after realizing that the blaze had the potential to trigger a huge blast. ', 'Fertilizer plant explodes in central Texas:\xe2\x80\x89A massive explosion on Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant in West, Tex., left more than 160 people wounded and killed an estimated five to 15 people , officials said, likely including firefighters who had been battling the blaze at the factory that triggered the explosion. West is 20 miles north of Waco.', '\xe2\x80\x9cLast night was truly a nightmare scenario in that community,\xe2\x80\x9d Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R)  said Thursday, adding, \xe2\x80\x9cThis tragedy has most likely hit every family\xe2\x80\x9d in West, a tiny town 20 miles north of Waco with a population of 2,800.', 'Officials said there was no immediate indication that the fire was anything other than an industrial accident, but added they were examining all possibilities. The federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and the U.S. Chemical Safety Board, a federal agency that investigates industrial disasters, said they were sending teams of investigators to West to assist local authorities.\xe2\x80\x9cWe are not ruling anything out,\xe2\x80\x9d said Waco police Sgt. Patrick Swanton, a police spokesman. \xe2\x80\x9cUntil we know that it was an industrial accident, we will investigate it as a crime scene.Courtney Adair, 20, a great-niece of the owner of the facility, said the family is in shock. \xe2\x80\x9cThey don\xe2\x80\x99t know what to think or what\xe2\x80\x99s going to happen,\xe2\x80\x9d she said in an interview.Adair said the family can\xe2\x80\x99t fathom that anyone would have set the blaze on purpose, saying her great uncle has no enemies.\xe2\x80\x9cHonestly, I think this was an accident,\xe2\x80\x9d she said. \xe2\x80\x9cWest is a small country town.\xe2\x80\x9dResidents in this rural town, which takes pride in its Czech roots, were dazed Thursday as the extent of the damage started to become clear. Wendy Maler, 37, who lives 750 feet from the facility, said her husband, a volunteer firefighter urged her and their kids to evacuate as the fire started spreading.Barely five minutes after reaching her mother-in-law\xe2\x80\x99s house, just down the road, the ground shook as a ball of fire shot into the sky.\xe2\x80\x9cWe just grabbed the kids and hit the ground,\xe2\x80\x9d she said. David Maler, 47, her husband, was wounded as he tried to help put out the fire.Her home was wrecked, Maler said. Windows were blown out, the drywall crumbled, and the doors caved in.\xe2\x80\x9cWe were able to go into the house and get our wedding rings, but that was it,\xe2\x80\x9d she said.Perry told reporters he was declaring McLennan County a disaster area. He said President Obama called him Thursday morning from Air Force One en route to Boston, where the president was to attend a prayer service for victims of Monday\xe2\x80\x99s Boston Marathon bombings.', 'SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams.', 'Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment.', 'Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area.', 'Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs.', 'Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts.', 'World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs.', 'This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren\xe2\x80\x99t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story.', 'Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.', 'To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused".  If paused, you\'ll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.', 'Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under guard; ACLU concerned about Miranda rights', 'A look at the bombing at the Boston Marathon finish line, investigation into the 2 suspects', 'Teen whose photo ran on newspaper front says he was stunned at portrayal as potential suspect', 'Brush fire east of LA forces evacuation of 200 homes; another blaze halts I-405 traffic', 'River flooding continues in Midwest, with several towns expected to see crests Sunday', 'Sheriff: 5 backcountry snowboarders killed in avalanche on Colorado\xe2\x80\x99s Loveland Pass', 'Judge rules for Jim Thorpe\xe2\x80\x99s 2 sons, clearing way for potential return of remains to Okla.', 'Man hijacks Texas bus, orders driver and passengers to leave, then kills himself after chase', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under heavy guard; Boston area breathes easier', 'Doctor: Dead Boston Marathon bomb suspect had \xe2\x80\x98head to toe\xe2\x80\x99 wounds after shootout with police', 'Oregon sheriff says missing Oklahoma man was hallucinating during last call with family', 'Skyscraper? Check. Giant joystick? Check. Game of Pong will be writ large in Philadelphia', 'Texas town mourns victims, including first responders after fertilizer depot blast', 'Biden says response to tragedies \xe2\x80\x98incredible,\xe2\x80\x99 gun control could depend on 2014 elections', 'The Post Most: NationMost-viewed stories, videos and galleries int he past two hours', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under guard; ACLU concerned about Miranda rights', 'A look at the bombing at the Boston Marathon finish line, investigation into the 2 suspects', 'Teen whose photo ran on newspaper front says he was stunned at portrayal as potential suspect', 'Brush fire east of LA forces evacuation of 200 homes; another blaze halts I-405 traffic', 'Sign-up for e-mail newsletters and alerts and get the news you need delivered directly to your inbox.', 'Live Q&A, 11 a.m. ETLive online discussion with Real Wheels columnist Warren Brown about car-buying and the auto industry.']
=======
['Fertilizer facility explosion injures at least 160 in central Texas; 5 to 15 feared dead - The Washington PostwpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost', '???initialComments:true! pubdate:04/18/2013 02:29 EDT! commentPeriod:14! commentEndDate:5/2/13 2:29 EDT! currentDate:4/20/13 8:0 EDT! allowComments:true! displayComments:true!', 'An earlier version of this story incorrectly referred to the fertilizer facility as a plant. It is a retail facility, and the story has been corrected.', 'Fertilizer facility explosion injures at least 160 in central Texas; 5 to 15 feared dead', 'Cellphone video shows a massive explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco, Texas.', 'WEST, Texas  Rescue crews are searching the smoldering remains of a fertilizer facility in central Texas, and a swath of destroyed homes around it, for victims of a massive explosion that injured more than 160 people and may have killed as many as 15, authorities said.', 'The estimate of how many may have died in the explosion Wednesday night includes an estimated three or four first responders who remained missing hours after the blast, most likely volunteer firefighters or ambulance workers. Officials said they were among many who responded to a fire at the West Fertilizer Co. retail facility and were urgently trying to evacuate people from the area, after realizing that the blaze had the potential to trigger a huge blast.', 'Fertilizer plant explodes in central Texas:A massive explosion on Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant in West, Tex., left more than 160 people wounded and killed an estimated five to 15 people , officials said, likely including firefighters who had been battling the blaze at the factory that triggered the explosion. West is 20 miles north of Waco.', 'Last night was truly a nightmare scenario in that community, Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R)  said Thursday, adding, This tragedy has most likely hit every family in West, a tiny town 20 miles north of Waco with a population of 2,800.', 'Officials said there was no immediate indication that the fire was anything other than an industrial accident, but added they were examining all possibilities. The federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and the U.S. Chemical Safety Board, a federal agency that investigates industrial disasters, said they were sending teams of investigators to West to assist local authorities.We are not ruling anything out, said Waco police Sgt. Patrick Swanton, a police spokesman. Until we know that it was an industrial accident, we will investigate it as a crime scene.Courtney Adair, 20, a great-niece of the owner of the facility, said the family is in shock. They dont know what to think or whats going to happen, she said in an interview.Adair said the family cant fathom that anyone would have set the blaze on purpose, saying her great uncle has no enemies.Honestly, I think this was an accident, she said. West is a small country town.Residents in this rural town, which takes pride in its Czech roots, were dazed Thursday as the extent of the damage started to become clear. Wendy Maler, 37, who lives 750 feet from the facility, said her husband, a volunteer firefighter urged her and their kids to evacuate as the fire started spreading.Barely five minutes after reaching her mother-in-laws house, just down the road, the ground shook as a ball of fire shot into the sky.We just grabbed the kids and hit the ground, she said. David Maler, 47, her husband, was wounded as he tried to help put out the fire.Her home was wrecked, Maler said. Windows were blown out, the drywall crumbled, and the doors caved in.We were able to go into the house and get our wedding rings, but that was it, she said.Perry told reporters he was declaring McLennan County a disaster area. He said President Obama called him Thursday morning from Air Force One en route to Boston, where the president was to attend a prayer service for victims of Mondays Boston Marathon bombings.', 'SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams.', 'Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment.', 'Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area.', 'Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs.', 'Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts.', 'World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs.', 'This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors arent staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story.', 'Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.', 'To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused".  If paused, you\'ll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.', 'Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under guard; ACLU concerned about Miranda rights', 'A look at the bombing at the Boston Marathon finish line, investigation into the 2 suspects', 'Teen whose photo ran on newspaper front says he was stunned at portrayal as potential suspect', 'Brush fire east of LA forces evacuation of 200 homes; another blaze halts I-405 traffic', 'River flooding continues in Midwest, with several towns expected to see crests Sunday', 'Sheriff: 5 backcountry snowboarders killed in avalanche on Colorados Loveland Pass', 'Judge rules for Jim Thorpes 2 sons, clearing way for potential return of remains to Okla.', 'Man hijacks Texas bus, orders driver and passengers to leave, then kills himself after chase', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under heavy guard; Boston area breathes easier', 'Doctor: Dead Boston Marathon bomb suspect had head to toe wounds after shootout with police', 'Oregon sheriff says missing Oklahoma man was hallucinating during last call with family', 'Skyscraper? Check. Giant joystick? Check. Game of Pong will be writ large in Philadelphia', 'Texas town mourns victims, including first responders after fertilizer depot blast', 'Biden says response to tragedies incredible, gun control could depend on 2014 elections', 'The Post Most: NationMost-viewed stories, videos and galleries int he past two hours', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under guard; ACLU concerned about Miranda rights', 'A look at the bombing at the Boston Marathon finish line, investigation into the 2 suspects', 'Teen whose photo ran on newspaper front says he was stunned at portrayal as potential suspect', 'Brush fire east of LA forces evacuation of 200 homes; another blaze halts I-405 traffic', 'Sign-up for e-mail newsletters and alerts and get the news you need delivered directly to your inbox.', 'Live Q&A, 11 a.m. ETLive online discussion with Real Wheels columnist Warren Brown about car-buying and the auto industry.']
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
