['The volunteers in the 29-member department raced to the scene of danger, once again. Five never came back.', 'Volunteer firefighter Joey Pustejovsky and his wife, Kelly, celebrated their first anniversary in March. Joey has been missing since the explosion.', 'WEST, Texas  Residents here know the code of sirens, the language of a small-town Texas fire department.', "As the big fire trucks lumber along, one blast means they're heading to a small blaze; two means a fire drill or meeting. Then things get serious: Three blasts signify major structural damage; four that a person is trapped inside a vehicle, and nine blasts warn of a tornado.", 'This week, the volunteers in the 29-member department suited up and raced to the scene of danger once again. And five never came back.', '"They spent hours of their free time preparing for this crisis," said Lisa Muska, wife of Mayor Tommy Muska. "And whenever that fire siren sounded, all you had to do was look out the window to see them running from their jobs, hopping on those trucks and rushing off to fight that fire."', 'On Wednesday night, as they responded to a fire at a fertilizer plant, an explosion tore through the complex and leveled a large swath of this town of 2,800 residents.', 'At hospitals, when the injured first responders were brought in, many doctors and support staff recognized their patients.', '"I\'ve lost some very, very, very good friends," Tommy Muska told reporters Friday. He\'s a member of the department too.', 'As a community continued to grieve Friday, as bodies were pulled from the wreckage near the West Fertilizer Co., two memorial websites, including a Facebook page, were created for the volunteers who gave their time and, ultimately, their lives.', 'The mayor said five department members and four EMTs died. Authorities did not account for the remaining five dead.', "At the department's headquarters just of the town's main drag, men pulled up in pickups to hug others who wandered out of the one-story building. No one spoke publicly.", 'Instead, it was the Facebook page where many people, both from West and around the country, paid their respects  56,000 of them so far.', 'The online memorial features a picture of the town\'s volunteer firefighters, men and women dressed mostly in red uniforms, with one T-shirt reading "Happy Happy Valley." Superimposed behind them is a sea of flames.', 'Firefighters in West work regular jobs on top of their volunteer fire duties. Most have families, said Meagan Jares, 17, of West. "A lot of my friends\' dads are volunteer firefighters," she said. "One friend found out her dad died when I was standing with her."', '"We\'re all really close. We all know each other," she said of the entire town and especially the firefighters. "Now, they\'re having to dig their own partners out."', 'The Facebook page marks that dedication with a phrase below the group photo that reads: "In Memory of West, Texas Firefighters Last Alarm 4/17/2013." There\'s also a department emblem covered by a thin black ribbon reading "God Bless Our Fallen Brother."', 'Gov. Rick Perry, at a news conference, said officials expected the number of those unaccounted for, currently at 60, to come down drastically. The high number probably reflects overall confusion and the difficulty of tracking down residents who were hospitalized or who found shelter with others.', 'Those of you who have attempted to put down Texas have not succeeded and, clearly, you know NOTHING about Texas. So, please, take your idiotic ramblings elsewhere.', "Some of you people represent the moral cesspool of the Internet! Numerous people are dead and half their town is destroyed, and you're trying to politicize the event in order to knock down Texas and score political points. You're the lowest of the low that you can find on the Internet! Human scum!Have you heard that the explosion may have been due to firefighter error, not bad work conditions, or Texas union regulations? They're talking about the possibility that firefighters may have sprayed water on chemicals that do not respond well to water. They're thinking that's what caused the explosion. ", 'You goblins should be ashamed. Politicizing this event and attacking Christians.', "Comments are filtered for language and registration is required. The Times makes no guarantee of comments' factual accuracy. Readers may report inappropriate comments by clicking the Report Abuse link next to a comment. Here are the full legal terms you agree to by using this comment form."]