['West, Texas Fertilizer Plant Explosion: Some Residents Allowed to Return Home - ABC News', "U.S. NewsCrash That Killed General Under...Boston Bombing Suspect Still...Today in HistoryCalif. Fire Forces EvacuationsPolice: Man Hijacks Texas Bus, Later...WATCH VIDEO:  U.S.  &raquoBoston Boat Owner Hailed as Hero in...Surviving Boston Bombings Suspect in...More U.S. HeadlinesSheriff: 5 Snowboarders Killed in Colo.  'We Are Boston Strong'Mail Carrier Who Sent Dud Pipe Bombs...AP PHOTOS: Scenes From the Past Two Days...Authorities Say 5 Snowboarders Killed in...In The NewsWeather NewsBarack ObamaImmigration ReformCrime News", 'West mayor pro tem Steve Vanek talks to the media in front of city hall Saturday, April 20, 2013, three days after an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas.  (ABC News)', 'After small fires were contained at the site of a massive West, Texas blast, a town official said today some residents are being allowed to return to their homes.', '"Everything is safe. Any rumors you\'ve heard today, forget about it," West City Council member Steve Vanek said at a news conference today. "Everything is safe, safe and safe."', "While the news was welcome for some of West's displaced residents, those returning are under strict orders to stay in their homes and will also have to adhere to an evening curfew.", "Evacuated residents have been waiting to return to assess the condition of their homes and belongings after they were forced to flee at a moment's notice after a blast on Wednesday at West Fertilizer Co. killed at least 14 people, injured 200 more and carved a widespread path of destruction.", 'ABC NewsWest mayor pro tem Steve Vanek talks to the media in front of city hall Saturday, April 20, 2013, three days after an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas.', 'Texas Fertilizer Plant Explosion Rescuers Search for Survivors Watch Video', 'Texas Gov. Rick Perry: Gas Lines Disconnected After Plant Explosion Watch Video', 'Firefighters responded at the plant on Wednesday at 7:29 p.m., and realizing the severity of the situation, began evacuating people in the vicinity.', 'Approximately 20 minutes later, an explosion tore through a four-to-five block radius, leveling roughly 80 homes, a middle school and trapping 133 residents of a nursing home in rubble. The blast was so powerful, residents said it shook the ground and there were reports of people hearing it several miles away.', '"At some buildings, walls were ripped off, roofs were peeled back," Waco Police Department Sgt. William Swanton said.', 'Donald Adair, the owner of West Fertilizer Co. and a lifelong resident of the town, said Friday his heart was "broken with grief."', '"This tragedy will continue to hurt deeply for generations to come," Adair said in a statement.', '"My family and I can\'t express enough our deep appreciation for the loving service and selfless sacrifice from within and around our community responding to the urgent needs of those affected," he said.', 'Adair vowed his company would "pledge to do everything we can to understand what happened to ensure nothing like this ever happens again in any community."', 'As the town works to rebuild after the tragedy, Vanek said a large memorial service is being planned to honor the victims, many of whom were first responders.', "13 Dead in Texas Plant ExplosionTexas Blast Leaves 35 to 40 Unaccounted ForPlant Explosion Hurts 200, Levels HomesAfter Traumatic Events, Don't Ignore Minor InjuriesTexas Fertilizer Plant Explosion Rescuers Search for SurvivorsTexas Town Devastated by Blast at Fertilizer Plant", 'Do you have more information about this topic?  If so, please click here to contact the editors of ABC News.', 'Javascript is not enabled on your browser. Please enable javascript to use the community features on this page. If your browser does not support javascript, please visit our browser upgrade page for a list of supported web browsers.', 'External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites.  Copyright  2013 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network']