['Only difference in price is the actual system outside and in just not sure if the XL20i is overkill. ', "The issue isn't moving funds from one place to another, it's that we haven't got health care costs in general under control and will continue to chase the carrot regardless. ", "I'm almost afraid to go through my medicine cabinet and see just how much money I could be saving per month.  Unfortunately as mentioned in another comment, my wife is a type 1 diabetic and we pay through the nose for her meds.  ", 'My assumption is that this is most likely a way to avoid the wrath of the insurance companies. ', 'Small community of about 2500 with a popular stop called the Czech Bakery where you can get the best Kolaches known to man. ', 'I live 1.5 hrs away and will check in the morning to find out what help I can offer. ', 'He is definitely on the fast track to a total due to the destruction of his patellar tendon and anterior meniscus. Mal tracking of the patella in addition to the loss of a meniscus will cause a lot of issues even after rehab. ', "The doc won't really know the full extent of damage until he attempts to repair the area. ", 'His patello-femoral joint will never be the same and eventually he will have to have a total for sure. ', 'Patient wakes up from surgery and begins to interrogate everyone in the OR. "Who are you!?!?" ', 'During one of my first surgeries, the patient was given a sedative and local anesthesia so he decided to explain to me how a taxidermist stuffs a giraffe while being worked on. Fascinating stuff!', 'My all time favorite was another patient that was lightly sedated with a block during a total knee.  He wakes up during the procedure (common under light sedation, the block keeps him from feeling pain) and hears the doc pounding away in a metal rod that is seated in his tibia.', 'It was at this moment that he begins howling and screaming out loud, scaring the hell out of everyone in the room!', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']