["U.S. NewsCrash That Killed General Under...Boston Bombing Suspect Still...Today in HistoryCalif. Fire Forces EvacuationsPolice: Man Hijacks Texas Bus, Later...WATCH VIDEO:  U.S.  &raquoBoston Boat Owner Hailed as Hero in...Surviving Boston Bombings Suspect in...More U.S. HeadlinesSheriff: 5 Snowboarders Killed in Colo.  'We Are Boston Strong'Mail Carrier Who Sent Dud Pipe Bombs...AP PHOTOS: Scenes From the Past Two Days...Authorities Say 5 Snowboarders Killed in...In The NewsWeather NewsBarack ObamaImmigration ReformCrime News", 'Firefighter conduct search and rescue of an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, April 18, 2013.  (LM Otero/AP)', 'The mayor of the small Texas city north of Waco devastated by an explosion at a fertilizer plant said that 35 to 40 people were unaccounted for.', "West, Texas, Mayor Tommy Muska gave that estimate to ABC News as search and rescue teams continued to look for survivors and missing people amid flattened and devastated buildings near the scene of Wednesday evening's explosion.", 'Volunteer firefighters battling a blaze at the plant that preceded the blast were among the missing.', 'The fire and explosion just before 8 p.m. Wednesday at the West Fertilizer Plant in West, Texas, prompted widespread evacuations and sent more than 160 injured people to hospitals.', 'Authorities this morning said they feared five to 15 people could be dead, but later said those figures were just an estimate.', '"We have confirmed fatalities at this time. We don\'t have the exact amount," Texas Department of Public Safety Sgt. Jason Reyes said at a news conference this afternoon.', 'However, Dallas Fire-Rescue Captain Kenny Harris who was initially reported missing, was identified this evening as killed in the blast, according to a news release from the city of Dallas.', 'LM Otero/APFirefighter conduct search and rescue of an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, April 18, 2013.', 'Harris was off duty at the time of the explosion and was not a volunteer firefighter, but responded as a helper. He was not believed to have been involved in any firefighting activity, according to the statement.', '"Capt. Harris\' response is typical of all our first responders; night and day, no matter where they are, no matter if they are on or off duty they respond with the greatest acts of bravery," Dallas City Manager Mary Suhm said in a statement. "The city of Dallas and the citizens of Dallas have lost a real role model."', 'The explosion devastated the area that officials described as a highly-populated neighborhood.', '"It ranges from broken windows to complete devastation," Waco Police Department Sgt. William Swanton said at a news conference today. "There are homes that are no longer homes."', 'At some buildings, "walls were ripped off, roofs were peeled back," the sergeant said.', '"The apartment complex [near the plant] looks like it was a bombing site of an explosion -- the kind that you seen in Baghdad," Texas Attorney General Greg Abbot told reporters this evening. "It was utterly destroyed."', 'State Trooper D.L. Wilson of the Texas Department of Public Safety described the initial fertilizer plant blast as "massive -- just like Iraq, just like the Murray Building in Oklahoma City. The same kind of hydrous [ammonia] exploded, so you can imagine what kind of damage we\'re looking at."', 'Swanton said authorities were still in search-and-rescue mode and are not yet in recovery mode.', '"The town is secure. There are plenty of law enforcement officials that are stationed around the town," Swanton said. "There is no fire out of control. There is no chemical escape from the fertilizer plant that is out of control."', 'However, as they prepared to investigate the explosion site, officials said they were treating it as a crime scene.', '"We are not indicating that it is a crime, but we don\'t know," Swanton said. "What that means to us is that until we know that it is an industrial accident, we will work it as a crime scene. ATF [the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives] is conducting the main investigation."', "Live Updates: West, Texas, Fertilizer Plant ExplosionTexas Fertilizer Explosion: Fatalities ConfirmedWest Texas Fertilizer Plant Explosion: Health Concerns PHOTOS:  Explosion Rips Through TexasTexas Explosion Registered on Richter Scale'Significant Devastation' in West, Texas, Explosion", 'Do you have more information about this topic?  If so, please click here to contact the editors of ABC News.', 'Javascript is not enabled on your browser. Please enable javascript to use the community features on this page. If your browser does not support javascript, please visit our browser upgrade page for a list of supported web browsers.', '\t\t\t\t\tExternal links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites.  Copyright \xc2\xa9 2013 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network']