<<<<<<< HEAD
['After Texas explosion, a hunt for survivors amid blocks of rubble - The Washington PostwpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost', '???initialComments:true! pubdate:04/18/2013 21:52 EDT! commentPeriod:14! commentEndDate:5/2/13 9:52 EDT! currentDate:4/20/13 8:0 EDT! allowComments:true! displayComments:true!', 'Cellphone video shows a massive explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco, Texas.', ' WEST, Tex. \xe2\x80\x94 Rescue crews in this small town spent Thursday searching for victims in the smoldering ruins of a liquid fertilizer depot and dozens of destroyed homes after an explosion caused an unknown number of deaths and injured more than 160 people.', 'Authorities early in the day estimated that five to 15 people had been killed. But later, they declined to specify the number of people missing or dead. ', 'Fertilizer plant explodes in central Texas:\xe2\x80\x89A massive explosion on Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant in West, Tex., left more than 160 people wounded and killed an unknown number of people, officials said, likely including firefighters who had been battling the blaze at the factory that triggered the explosion. West is 20 miles north of Waco.', 'A fire at the West Fertilizer Co. appears to have ruptured high-pressure storage tanks full of liquid ammonia, which caused the huge blast. Several firefighters were missing. \xe2\x80\x9cLast night was truly a nightmare scenario in that community,\xe2\x80\x9d Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) said Thursday, adding, \xe2\x80\x9cThis tragedy has most likely hit every family.\xe2\x80\x9d West, with 2,800 residents, is a flat farming community 20 miles from Waco, just off an interstate highway, with a smattering of antique shops and locally owned diners. It plays up its Czech heritage, and like many rural towns, it has a demographic profile tilting to the elderly.A day after the explosion, a large swath of the town was blocked to the public as emergency personnel continued to search for victims, picking through the rubble of collapsed homes and the flattened facility. The Red Cross set up a shelter at the town\xe2\x80\x99s community center, which provided displaced families with basic supplies. Officials said there was no indication the fire was anything other than an accident, but they said they were examining all possibilities. \xe2\x80\x9cWe are not ruling anything out,\xe2\x80\x9d said Waco Police Sgt. William Patrick Swanton, a police spokesman.Mayor Tommy Muska said 50 to 60 homes within a five-block radius of the storage depot were heavily damaged. West Rest Haven Nursing Home was being evacuated at the time of the blast because of its closeness to the fire. Its residents were all brought to a safe location, the mayor said.Muska, who is also a firefighter, told reporters that he was heading toward the fire when the thundering explosion occurred. \xe2\x80\x9cIt blew my hat off,\xe2\x80\x9d he said, looking startled. \xe2\x80\x9cIt blew the rearview mirror off my truck. It was a very powerful explosion.\xe2\x80\x9d Authorities were struggling Thursday to get a clear sense of the damage in West, in part because the explosion disrupted power and cellphone service to parts of the area.\xe2\x80\x9cWe\xe2\x80\x99re going house to house, business to business,\xe2\x80\x9d Swanton said at a news briefing. \xe2\x80\x9cI think we\xe2\x80\x99re going to see fatalities increase.\xe2\x80\x9d The explosion, he said, \xe2\x80\x9creached blocks, if not miles, in its devastating effect. There are homes leveled. There are businesses leveled.\xe2\x80\x9dThe explosion \xe2\x80\x9cwas massive, just like Iraq, just like the Murrah Building in Oklahoma,\xe2\x80\x9d D.L. Wilson, a spokesman for the Texas Department of Public Safety, told reporters, referring to the April 19, 1995, bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City. The federal government\xe2\x80\x99s Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and the U.S. Chemical Safety Boar', 'd, which investigates industrial disasters, were sending teams.The cause of the fire is unknown. Courtney Adair, 20, a great-niece of the owner of the fertilizer distributor, said the family is in shock. \xe2\x80\x9cThey don\xe2\x80\x99t know what to think or what\xe2\x80\x99s going to happen,\xe2\x80\x9d she said. She said the family can\xe2\x80\x99t fathom that anyone would have set the blaze on purpose.', 'SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams.', 'Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment.', 'Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area.', 'Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs.', 'Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts.', 'World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs.', 'This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren\xe2\x80\x99t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story.', 'Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.', 'To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused".  If paused, you\'ll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.', 'Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under guard; ACLU concerned about Miranda rights', 'A look at the bombing at the Boston Marathon finish line, investigation into the 2 suspects', 'Teen whose photo ran on newspaper front says he was stunned at portrayal as potential suspect', 'Brush fire east of LA forces evacuation of 200 homes; another blaze halts I-405 traffic', 'River flooding continues in Midwest, with several towns expected to see crests Sunday', 'Sheriff: 5 backcountry snowboarders killed in avalanche on Colorado\xe2\x80\x99s Loveland Pass', 'Judge rules for Jim Thorpe\xe2\x80\x99s 2 sons, clearing way for potential return of remains to Okla.', 'Man hijacks Texas bus, orders driver and passengers to leave, then kills himself after chase', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under heavy guard; Boston area breathes easier', 'Doctor: Dead Boston Marathon bomb suspect had \xe2\x80\x98head to toe\xe2\x80\x99 wounds after shootout with police', 'Oregon sheriff says missing Oklahoma man was hallucinating during last call with family', 'Skyscraper? Check. Giant joystick? Check. Game of Pong will be writ large in Philadelphia', 'Texas town mourns victims, including first responders after fertilizer depot blast', 'Biden says response to tragedies \xe2\x80\x98incredible,\xe2\x80\x99 gun control could depend on 2014 elections', 'The Post Most: NationMost-viewed stories, videos and galleries int he past two hours', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under guard; ACLU concerned about Miranda rights', 'A look at the bombing at the Boston Marathon finish line, investigation into the 2 suspects', 'Teen whose photo ran on newspaper front says he was stunned at portrayal as potential suspect', 'Brush fire east of LA forces evacuation of 200 homes; another blaze halts I-405 traffic', 'Sign-up for e-mail newsletters and alerts and get the news you need delivered directly to your inbox.', 'Live Q&A, 11 a.m. ETLive online discussion with Real Wheels columnist Warren Brown about car-buying and the auto industry.']
=======
['After Texas explosion, a hunt for survivors amid blocks of rubble - The Washington PostwpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost', '???initialComments:true! pubdate:04/18/2013 21:52 EDT! commentPeriod:14! commentEndDate:5/2/13 9:52 EDT! currentDate:4/20/13 8:0 EDT! allowComments:true! displayComments:true!', 'Cellphone video shows a massive explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco, Texas.', 'WEST, Tex.  Rescue crews in this small town spent Thursday searching for victims in the smoldering ruins of a liquid fertilizer depot and dozens of destroyed homes after an explosion caused an unknown number of deaths and injured more than 160 people.', 'Authorities early in the day estimated that five to 15 people had been killed. But later, they declined to specify the number of people missing or dead.', 'Fertilizer plant explodes in central Texas:A massive explosion on Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant in West, Tex., left more than 160 people wounded and killed an unknown number of people, officials said, likely including firefighters who had been battling the blaze at the factory that triggered the explosion. West is 20 miles north of Waco.', 'A fire at the West Fertilizer Co. appears to have ruptured high-pressure storage tanks full of liquid ammonia, which caused the huge blast. Several firefighters were missing. Last night was truly a nightmare scenario in that community, Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) said Thursday, adding, This tragedy has most likely hit every family. West, with 2,800 residents, is a flat farming community 20 miles from Waco, just off an interstate highway, with a smattering of antique shops and locally owned diners. It plays up its Czech heritage, and like many rural towns, it has a demographic profile tilting to the elderly.A day after the explosion, a large swath of the town was blocked to the public as emergency personnel continued to search for victims, picking through the rubble of collapsed homes and the flattened facility. The Red Cross set up a shelter at the towns community center, which provided displaced families with basic supplies. Officials said there was no indication the fire was anything other than an accident, but they said they were examining all possibilities. We are not ruling anything out, said Waco Police Sgt. William Patrick Swanton, a police spokesman.Mayor Tommy Muska said 50 to 60 homes within a five-block radius of the storage depot were heavily damaged. West Rest Haven Nursing Home was being evacuated at the time of the blast because of its closeness to the fire. Its residents were all brought to a safe location, the mayor said.Muska, who is also a firefighter, told reporters that he was heading toward the fire when the thundering explosion occurred. It blew my hat off, he said, looking startled. It blew the rearview mirror off my truck. It was a very powerful explosion. Authorities were struggling Thursday to get a clear sense of the damage in West, in part because the explosion disrupted power and cellphone service to parts of the area.Were going house to house, business to business, Swanton said at a news briefing. I think were going to see fatalities increase. The explosion, he said, reached blocks, if not miles, in its devastating effect. There are homes leveled. There are businesses leveled.The explosion was massive, just like Iraq, just like the Murrah Building in Oklahoma, D.L. Wilson, a spokesman for the Texas Department of Public Safety, told reporters, referring to the April 19, 1995, bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City. The federal governments Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and the U.S. Chemical Safety Boar', 'd, which investigates industrial disasters, were sending teams.The cause of the fire is unknown. Courtney Adair, 20, a great-niece of the owner of the fertilizer distributor, said the family is in shock. They dont know what to think or whats going to happen, she said. She said the family cant fathom that anyone would have set the blaze on purpose.', 'SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams.', 'Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment.', 'Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area.', 'Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs.', 'Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts.', 'World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs.', 'This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors arent staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story.', 'Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.', 'To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused".  If paused, you\'ll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.', 'Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under guard; ACLU concerned about Miranda rights', 'A look at the bombing at the Boston Marathon finish line, investigation into the 2 suspects', 'Teen whose photo ran on newspaper front says he was stunned at portrayal as potential suspect', 'Brush fire east of LA forces evacuation of 200 homes; another blaze halts I-405 traffic', 'River flooding continues in Midwest, with several towns expected to see crests Sunday', 'Sheriff: 5 backcountry snowboarders killed in avalanche on Colorados Loveland Pass', 'Judge rules for Jim Thorpes 2 sons, clearing way for potential return of remains to Okla.', 'Man hijacks Texas bus, orders driver and passengers to leave, then kills himself after chase', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under heavy guard; Boston area breathes easier', 'Doctor: Dead Boston Marathon bomb suspect had head to toe wounds after shootout with police', 'Oregon sheriff says missing Oklahoma man was hallucinating during last call with family', 'Skyscraper? Check. Giant joystick? Check. Game of Pong will be writ large in Philadelphia', 'Texas town mourns victims, including first responders after fertilizer depot blast', 'Biden says response to tragedies incredible, gun control could depend on 2014 elections', 'The Post Most: NationMost-viewed stories, videos and galleries int he past two hours', 'Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under guard; ACLU concerned about Miranda rights', 'A look at the bombing at the Boston Marathon finish line, investigation into the 2 suspects', 'Teen whose photo ran on newspaper front says he was stunned at portrayal as potential suspect', 'Brush fire east of LA forces evacuation of 200 homes; another blaze halts I-405 traffic', 'Sign-up for e-mail newsletters and alerts and get the news you need delivered directly to your inbox.', 'Live Q&A, 11 a.m. ETLive online discussion with Real Wheels columnist Warren Brown about car-buying and the auto industry.']
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
