['Fertilizer explosion shocks close-knit town of West, Texas - San Jose Mercury News', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t Font ResizeFertilizer explosion shocks close-knit town of West, TexasBy Marty Schladen Digital First MediaPosted:', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t04/19/2013 12:29:28 PM PDTA tattered U.S. flag flies on Main Street in West, Texas on Thursday April 18, 2013 after the fertilizer plant explosion. Mangled metal and crushed vehicles are all that remains at the blast site of the fertilizer company, Thursday, April 18, 2013 in West Texas.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents. (AP Photo/The Fort Worth Star-Telegram, Ron T. Ennis)  MAGS OUT; (FORT WORTH WEEKLY, 360 WEST) (Ron T. Ennis)WEST, Texas \xe2\x80\x94 Residents of this small, tightly knit community were wandering the main drag Thursday, telling their stories of what is by far the worst disaster to hit this central Texas town of 2,800.', 'The downtown is bisected by railroad tracks just to the south of the West Fertilizer Plant that was the scene of a massive explosion the previous evening.', "The central Texas character of the place is evident on the Main Street signs. The Czech-American Restaurant is two doors down from Wild Bill's Steakhouse. Liquor and beer stores are common.", 'People are close enough in this friendly Czech community that everybody seems to know someone who lost a home, somebody who was injured or one of the first-responders who is A fertilizer plant that exploded still smolders in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.   (AP Photo/Ralph Lauer) (Ralph Lauer)still listed among the missing \xe2\x80\x94 although nobody appeared to be holding out much hope by mid-afternoon.', 'Officials refused to offer any numbers for the dead on Thursday afternoon, though earlier statements had said that there were between five and 15 fatalities. More than 160 people were injured.', 'Volunteer firefighters were battling a blaze Wednesday evening that Nathan Spires, 26, said started as a brush fire. Other witnesses agreed about the cause, which is still under investigation.', 'As the firefighters worked, the fire ignited tanks of anhydrous ammonia, setting off a blast that devastated an area five blocks deep and 10 blocks wide, residents said. Structures suffered lesser damage for miles around.', 'The Advertisementsmoke plume thrown up by the blast could be seen in Arlington, 75 miles away, said Joe Kotch, 71.', 'Residents congregated along Main Street as a woman came by, passing out blue rubber wristbands that said God is Big Enough.', 'As they discussed the devastation, residents noted how lucky it was that that West Intermediate School, almost across the street from the fertilizer plant, had let out for the day.', 'Everybody who owned homes in the area, however, seemed to suffer a total loss, residents said.', '"It didn\'t matter if you were a lawyer or a doctor or a judge,\' said Wesley Gatlin, 44, a lifelong resident.', 'He and Vanessa Kotch-Williams, 40, were taking pictures of the fire when the fertilizer tanks exploded at 7:50 p.m. The blast was so strong that, 500 yards away, it cracked the windshield on their truck.', "The blast threw Kotch-Williams into a panic because her two sons were at her ex-husband's house, about 100 yards from the fertilizer plant.", 'It was two houses down from a nursing home that was being evacuated when the explosion took place. Many of the residents are thought to be among the injured.', 'The closer Gatlin and Kotch-Williams got to the house, the more like a war zone it became. The debris in the street punctured their tires.', '"We were driving on flat tires as fast as we could,\' Kotch-Willams said. "I kept saying, \' God, let my children be alive.\'\'', 'It did nothing to ease their panic when they got to the house and found nobody there.', "Gatlin, who had served nine years as a volunteer firefighter, said he doesn't remember much about wading through the knee-deep debris. He said he was only focused on finding people.", 'His father, Byron Williams, works with ammonia and knows how dangerous it is, said Kotch-Williams, his ex-wife. Byron Williams threw himself on top of his son, and neither suffered serious injuries.', "Gatlin and Kotch-Williams sat inside Kotch-Williams' Main Street business Thursday discussing the disaster and taking phone calls with the latest news of the dead and injured.", '"He said if anybody thinks there isn\'t a God, tell them to call me,\' Kotch-Williams said.', 'Marty Schladen is the statehouse reporter for the El Paso Times, which is part of the Digital First Media family.Print\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0', ' San Jose Earthquakes reprimand 1906 Ultras supporters groupUFC: Benson Henderson retains lightweight title with controversial split decision over Gilbert MelendezRichmond: Man life-flighted to hospital after being shot multiple timesSan Francisco Giants shut down San Diego PadresInternal Affairs: Guardino-backed groups will benefit from jet center donationsGolden State Warriors forward David Lee suffers strained hip flexorColorado avalanche kills five snowboarders; worst death toll since 1962Sleek new trail opens through heart of San Jose, connecting downtown to San Francisco Bay for bikes and hikers.\xc2\xa0', "Most ViewedMost E-Mailed(From the last 12 hours)Editors' Picks: Top stories on MercuryNews.comSan Francisco 49ers have lots of picks, options in NFL draftSleek new trail opens through heart of San Jose, connecting downtown...Oakland Raiders: Defensive tackle a favorite for Raiders with third...Golden State Warriors lean on their faith heading into playoffsDoctor: Boston suspect had so many wounds he couldn't tell which was...(From the last 12 hours)Solar Impulse plane lifts off from Moffett FieldPizarro: The Next Big Thing coming to downtown San JoseReview: A delightful 'Persuasion' at San Jose StageTwo who perished while scuba diving identified as San Jose coupleCalifornia bill would target fracking industry's water use"]