["Members of the West Volunteer Fire Department gather after attending a service at St. Mary's Church of the Assumption, Friday, April 19, 2013, two days after an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas. The massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. Wednesday night killed 14 people including numerous members of the West Volunteer Fire Department and injured more than 160. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)", 'WEST, Texas (AP)  Buck Uptmor didnt have to go to West Fertilizer Co. when the fire started. He wasnt a firefighter like his brother and cousin, who raced toward the plant. But a ranch of horses next to the flames needed to be moved to safety.', 'He went to help a friend, said Joyce Marek, Uptmors aunt. And then it blew.', 'Two days after the fertilizer facility exploded in a blinding fireball, authorities announced Friday that they had recovered 14 bodies, confirming for the first time an exact number of people killed. Grieving relatives filed into a church offering comfort for families, as volunteers nearby handed out food to those still unable to return to homes damaged by the massive blast.', 'Ten of the dead were first-responders  including five from the West Volunteer Fire Department and four emergency medics, West Mayor Tommy Muska said.', 'The dead included Uptmor and Joey Pustejovsky, the city secretary who doubled as a member of the West Volunteer Fire Department. A captain of the Dallas Fire Department who was off-duty at the time but responded to the fire to help also died.', 'The explosion was strong enough to register as a small earthquake and could be heard for many miles across the Texas prairie. It demolished nearly everything for several blocks around the plant. More than 200 people were hurt, and Muska said five first-responders were among those who remained hospitalized Friday.', 'The first-responders knew it was dangerous. They knew that thing could go up at any time, said Ronnie Sykora, who was Pustejovskys deacon at St. Mary of the Assumption Catholic Church. But they also knew that if they could extinguish that fire before it went up, that they could save tens of lives, hundreds of lives. Thats why they were in there.', 'Following a tour of the rubble Friday, Gov. Rick Perry told reporters the search-and-rescue phase for anyone still trapped was largely finished. He said the state would offer help to the 29-member local fire department that had been basically wiped out.', "Hours later, President Barack Obama issued an emergency declaration and pledged federal disaster relief aid to help West recover. After addressing Friday nights arrest of the second Boston Marathon bombing suspect, the president extended his prayers and sympathies to everyone affected by the plant explosion and said he'd spoken to Perry and Muska and vowed that the community would get the resources it needs to rebuild.", 'Our thoughts, our prayers are with the people of West, Texas, where so many good people lost their lives, some lost their homes, many were injured, many are still missing, Obama said.', 'Earlier Friday, Edward Smith, a volunteer chaplain for the Dallas Police Department, counseled firefighters at Wests fire station.', "Right now, the general public might be saying, Well, why arent they talking about this?' Smith said of the firefighters. They dont necessarily even want to talk about it. Theyre holding out hope.", 'In a town of just 2,800 people, everyone here knew someone affected by the explosion.', 'Officials offered reassurances Friday about the 60 or so people listed as unaccounted for after the blast. McLennan County Judge Scott Felton said many people on the list probably lost their homes and have simply been difficult to locate since the Wednesday evening accident.', 'I think were going to eliminate 99 percent of those listed, he said.', 'The fertilizer facility stores and distributes anhydrous ammonia, a fertilizer that can be injected into soil. It also mixes other fertilizers.', 'Plant owner Donald Adair released a statement saying he never would forget the selfless sacrifice of first-responders who died trying to protect all of us.', 'Federal investigators and the state fire marshals office began inspecting the blast site Friday to collect evidence that may point to a cause.', 'Franceska Perot, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said Friday evening that investigators still were combing through debris and would continue Saturday.', 'Residents cannot return to their homes until investigators are finished, Perot said. She did not have a timetable on when that might be.', 'Were moving as fast as we can, Perot said. We dont want them working at night because things can be missed.', 'Texas Sens. John Cornyn and Ted Cruz, who toured the town Friday, said they would wait for more information about the explosion before considering whether there should be more regulation of anhydrous ammonia.Continued...']