<<<<<<< HEAD
["In the tiny town of West, probably a fifth of the buildings are destroyed. The toll is rising. 'A bomb went off in all of our lives,' says an emergency official.", 'Fertilizer plant explosionFirefighters conduct a search-and-rescue mission at an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas. (LM Otero / Associated Press /April 18, 2013)', 'WEST, Texas \xe2\x80\x94 Alicia McCowan had just finished her shift at the Sonic drive-in when the blast erupted nearby, leveling buildings in a wide circle. Above, a mushroom cloud bloomed against a yellow-pink sky.', 'She knew the source \xe2\x80\x94 the West Fertilizer Co. plant, close to the apartment where a baby sitter was watching her two young sons.', "She rushed to the damaged apartment building and screamed her kids' names. She found Brayden, 4, dragging Kaegan, 2, down the stairs, and both were OK. But where was their baby sitter?", '"Mommy, she was in your bed looking at the window and then the top of the house fell on her," Brayden told her.', "In the tiny town of West on Thursday, searchers continued to pick through the wrecked buildings for victims of the explosion. Authorities confirmed that there were fatalities but did not offer a precise number. The State Firemen's & Fire Marshals' Assn. of Texas said 11 first responders were dead \xe2\x80\x93 five from the West Fire Department, one from the Dallas Fire Department, four Emergency Medical Services personnel and one unknown. Eleven West firefighters were in the hospital.", "More than 160 people were injured in Wednesday's blast. McCowan would later learn that her baby sitter was among those hospitalized.", 'On an ordinary Thursday in this community of 2,800 in north-central Texas, hundreds of people would be gathered for a weekly cattle auction, but it was canceled and the auction grounds swamped by TV news satellite trucks.', 'Nearby, donations were piling up \xe2\x80\x94 groceries, paper towels, diapers. One family drove 100 miles to offer donations. Restaurants invited people in to eat free, schools sheltered people with no place to go, and employees at a nearby Wal-Mart gathered water and supplies to deliver to those in need. A steady procession of trucks bearing plywood and glass rolled through town.', 'A fire preceded the explosion, and the timing led to some injuries and at least one death \xe2\x80\x94 residents watched the fire from windows only to have them shatter before their eyes when the blast occurred.', 'Bryce Reed, 31, an incident commander with West Emergency Medical Services, said that after the fertilizer plant caught fire Wednesday he was ordered just south of the site. He said a fellow firefighter stayed behind at the plant and was killed in the explosion, which struck about 8 p.m. and was as powerful as a 2.1 magnitude earthquake. It could be felt for miles around.', '"He was my best friend. He got me help through the crisis in my life." Reed said. "A bomb went off in all of our lives.\xe2\x80\xa6 How do you recover from something like this?"', 'West sits amid the wide-open prairie land of central Texas, its green fields dotted with trees and patches of bluebonnets that unfurl on rolling hills as far as the eyes can see under a big blue-and-cotton sky.', 'The avenue leading to West\'s downtown is lined with several small Czech restaurants and bakeries, selling sausages and kolaches, the breakfast pastry of Czech lineage that has become something of a central Texas delicacy. The sign out front of the West Chamber of Commerce advertises the upcoming "over 40 dance" and offers birthday wishes to 9-year-old Breanna and to Father Ed.', 'By some estimates, the blast destroyed a full one-fifth of the town\'s buildings and damaged a third of the town. Most businesses were closed Thursday, including a pizzeria advertising "skunk eggs." The pizzeria also featured a new sign: "We are closed. Pray for West."', 'Downtown, workers made their way up the street, boarding up windows and trying to turn on the water. The Village Bakery was giving away kolaches. "Everyone is stretching themselves to the max," said bakery owner Mimi Montgomery Irwin. "There is no possible way that the Village Bakery is charging anyone for anything."', 'Montgomery Irwin, 68, had been watching television at home when a noise like "a supersonic boom" shook her home, knocking her to the floor and plunging the TV screen into blackness. She got up and saw the cloud against the sky. "It was truly surreal," she said. She described her neighborhood as one of "dear hearts and genial people with big trees and clean lawns, with neighbors that cut your grass and take your trash in."', 'Montgomery Irwin jumped in her car and headed downtown to the bakery her family has owned for 61 years. Six of her employees were there baking, and she feared the gas might cause another explosion. Two men from a hardware store helped her turn off the gas. Then she began to worry about her 91-year-old aunt, Lucille, who lives in a nursing home where the blast had shattered windows and launched shards into rooms where elderly residents slept.', 'Montgomery Irwin said her 84-year-old aunt helped pull Lucille out of the crumbling building and drove her to safety.', '"These aren\'t ordinary women we\'re talking about," Montgomery Irwin said. "We are Texas women."', 'Joann Williams, 70, is often teased for her fondness for ice cream, but on Wednesday it may have saved her life. She had just stepped away from her couch and was retrieving banana chocolate fudge ice cream from her kitchen freezer \xe2\x80\x94 a second helping \xe2\x80\x94 when the explosion hit, sending shards into the sofa where she had just been sitting.', "                In California you can't have a Medical Marijuana store within 1000 feet of a school or park. In Texas they place schools and nursing homes within 500 feet of bomb/fertilizer plants. Life is tough, but it is tougher when you are stupid. If there is any justice in Texas, I hope the owners of the plant and the regulators are help criminally accountable for the idiot bone headed moves that have ruined so many lives for the almighty buck.", "                Something to think about: I just heard someone on the radio say that the explosion in Texas was many times worse in terms of casualties and fatalities than the bombing in Boston, but we focus on the occurrence in Boston...why? Because our emotions react more strongly to what we perceive as someone out to cause us deliberate harm than to something we perceive as accidental.But this cntrast also demonstrates why corporations AREN'T people. If the Texas explosion was really due to years of violating safety regulations by the company that owned the plant , all in the name of profit, then why isn't there a massive manhunt on for the owners of a company that killed 12 and injured 200? I'm not saying there should be such a manhunt, just...what's the difference here? I have yet even to see the names of the owners of the company in a news story.", "                According to WTOP-FM the volunteer firemen started evacuating the area 20 minutes before the explosion, so they knew the danger.\xc2\xa0 The apartments face the utterly destroyed plant, and amazingly are still there.\xc2\xa0 Residences are astonishingly close to the production plant, which produced some of the fertilizer used in the Oklahoma City bombing.This is NO 'accident' or unavoidable at all!\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0 Ammonium nitrate can be used as a fertilizer or as an EXPLOSIVE!\xc2\xa0 The plant had no fire control, fire walls, or even a decent plan.Well photographed at\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0 http://photos.oregonlive.com/photo-essay/2013/04/aerial_photos_of_damage_by_fer.html", "Comments are filtered for language and registration is required. The Times makes no guarantee of comments' factual accuracy. Readers may report inappropriate comments by clicking the Report Abuse link next to a comment. Here are the full legal terms you agree to by using this comment form."]
=======
["In the tiny town of West, probably a fifth of the buildings are destroyed. The toll is rising. 'A bomb went off in all of our lives,' says an emergency official.", 'Fertilizer plant explosionFirefighters conduct a search-and-rescue mission at an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas. (LM Otero / Associated Press /April 18, 2013)', 'WEST, Texas  Alicia McCowan had just finished her shift at the Sonic drive-in when the blast erupted nearby, leveling buildings in a wide circle. Above, a mushroom cloud bloomed against a yellow-pink sky.', 'She knew the source  the West Fertilizer Co. plant, close to the apartment where a baby sitter was watching her two young sons.', "She rushed to the damaged apartment building and screamed her kids' names. She found Brayden, 4, dragging Kaegan, 2, down the stairs, and both were OK. But where was their baby sitter?", '"Mommy, she was in your bed looking at the window and then the top of the house fell on her," Brayden told her.', "In the tiny town of West on Thursday, searchers continued to pick through the wrecked buildings for victims of the explosion. Authorities confirmed that there were fatalities but did not offer a precise number. The State Firemen's & Fire Marshals' Assn. of Texas said 11 first responders were dead  five from the West Fire Department, one from the Dallas Fire Department, four Emergency Medical Services personnel and one unknown. Eleven West firefighters were in the hospital.", "More than 160 people were injured in Wednesday's blast. McCowan would later learn that her baby sitter was among those hospitalized.", 'On an ordinary Thursday in this community of 2,800 in north-central Texas, hundreds of people would be gathered for a weekly cattle auction, but it was canceled and the auction grounds swamped by TV news satellite trucks.', 'Nearby, donations were piling up  groceries, paper towels, diapers. One family drove 100 miles to offer donations. Restaurants invited people in to eat free, schools sheltered people with no place to go, and employees at a nearby Wal-Mart gathered water and supplies to deliver to those in need. A steady procession of trucks bearing plywood and glass rolled through town.', 'A fire preceded the explosion, and the timing led to some injuries and at least one death  residents watched the fire from windows only to have them shatter before their eyes when the blast occurred.', 'Bryce Reed, 31, an incident commander with West Emergency Medical Services, said that after the fertilizer plant caught fire Wednesday he was ordered just south of the site. He said a fellow firefighter stayed behind at the plant and was killed in the explosion, which struck about 8 p.m. and was as powerful as a 2.1 magnitude earthquake. It could be felt for miles around.', '"He was my best friend. He got me help through the crisis in my life." Reed said. "A bomb went off in all of our lives. How do you recover from something like this?"', 'West sits amid the wide-open prairie land of central Texas, its green fields dotted with trees and patches of bluebonnets that unfurl on rolling hills as far as the eyes can see under a big blue-and-cotton sky.', 'The avenue leading to West\'s downtown is lined with several small Czech restaurants and bakeries, selling sausages and kolaches, the breakfast pastry of Czech lineage that has become something of a central Texas delicacy. The sign out front of the West Chamber of Commerce advertises the upcoming "over 40 dance" and offers birthday wishes to 9-year-old Breanna and to Father Ed.', 'By some estimates, the blast destroyed a full one-fifth of the town\'s buildings and damaged a third of the town. Most businesses were closed Thursday, including a pizzeria advertising "skunk eggs." The pizzeria also featured a new sign: "We are closed. Pray for West."', 'Downtown, workers made their way up the street, boarding up windows and trying to turn on the water. The Village Bakery was giving away kolaches. "Everyone is stretching themselves to the max," said bakery owner Mimi Montgomery Irwin. "There is no possible way that the Village Bakery is charging anyone for anything."', 'Montgomery Irwin, 68, had been watching television at home when a noise like "a supersonic boom" shook her home, knocking her to the floor and plunging the TV screen into blackness. She got up and saw the cloud against the sky. "It was truly surreal," she said. She described her neighborhood as one of "dear hearts and genial people with big trees and clean lawns, with neighbors that cut your grass and take your trash in."', 'Montgomery Irwin jumped in her car and headed downtown to the bakery her family has owned for 61 years. Six of her employees were there baking, and she feared the gas might cause another explosion. Two men from a hardware store helped her turn off the gas. Then she began to worry about her 91-year-old aunt, Lucille, who lives in a nursing home where the blast had shattered windows and launched shards into rooms where elderly residents slept.', 'Montgomery Irwin said her 84-year-old aunt helped pull Lucille out of the crumbling building and drove her to safety.', '"These aren\'t ordinary women we\'re talking about," Montgomery Irwin said. "We are Texas women."', 'Joann Williams, 70, is often teased for her fondness for ice cream, but on Wednesday it may have saved her life. She had just stepped away from her couch and was retrieving banana chocolate fudge ice cream from her kitchen freezer  a second helping  when the explosion hit, sending shards into the sofa where she had just been sitting.', "In California you can't have a Medical Marijuana store within 1000 feet of a school or park. In Texas they place schools and nursing homes within 500 feet of bomb/fertilizer plants. Life is tough, but it is tougher when you are stupid. If there is any justice in Texas, I hope the owners of the plant and the regulators are help criminally accountable for the idiot bone headed moves that have ruined so many lives for the almighty buck.", "Something to think about: I just heard someone on the radio say that the explosion in Texas was many times worse in terms of casualties and fatalities than the bombing in Boston, but we focus on the occurrence in Boston...why? Because our emotions react more strongly to what we perceive as someone out to cause us deliberate harm than to something we perceive as accidental.But this cntrast also demonstrates why corporations AREN'T people. If the Texas explosion was really due to years of violating safety regulations by the company that owned the plant , all in the name of profit, then why isn't there a massive manhunt on for the owners of a company that killed 12 and injured 200? I'm not saying there should be such a manhunt, just...what's the difference here? I have yet even to see the names of the owners of the company in a news story.", "According to WTOP-FM the volunteer firemen started evacuating the area 20 minutes before the explosion, so they knew the danger. The apartments face the utterly destroyed plant, and amazingly are still there. Residences are astonishingly close to the production plant, which produced some of the fertilizer used in the Oklahoma City bombing.This is NO 'accident' or unavoidable at all! Ammonium nitrate can be used as a fertilizer or as an EXPLOSIVE! The plant had no fire control, fire walls, or even a decent plan.Well photographed at http://photos.oregonlive.com/photo-essay/2013/04/aerial_photos_of_damage_by_fer.html", "Comments are filtered for language and registration is required. The Times makes no guarantee of comments' factual accuracy. Readers may report inappropriate comments by clicking the Report Abuse link next to a comment. Here are the full legal terms you agree to by using this comment form."]
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
