['A donation bucket for support of residents and first responders is seen at the Little Czech Bakery in West, Texas. The bodies of 12 people have been recovered after an enormous Texas fertilizer plant explosion that demolished surrounding neighborhoods for blocks and left about 200 other people injured, authorities said.', 'WEST, Texas--Theres a picture of this tiny towns volunteer fire department, 19 men and women dressed mostly in red uniforms, with one T-shirt reading Happy Happy Valley.', 'But superimposed behind them is a sea of flames, an ode to the way five volunteer firefighters died Wednesday night in a mammoth explosion at a fertilizer factory here.', 'As a community of 2,800 residents grieved, as the bodies on Friday were still being pulled from the wreckage of the West Fertilizer Co. and adjacent buildings, a Facebook page has been created in memory of the first responders lost to the blaze and explosion that authorities say has killed more than a dozen and injured scores.', 'As many as four EMTs are missing. Countless other first responders are being treated at local hospitals, some in critical condition.', 'The page has an emblem of the department covered with a black ribbon. It also says In Memory of West, TX Firefighters Last Alarm 4/17/2013.', 'The site also includes pictures of some of the fallen firefighters along with comments from community residents and people from around the nation. By Friday morning, the page had more than 54,000 likes.', 'Theres a picture of 26-year-old Sean Collier, with the comment You will never be forgotten.', 'Theres a picture of Jerry Chapman, smiling with his red goatee, along with this caption: Jerry Chapman was in class at the time the call went out for the initial fire at West Fertilizer Company. His friends and co-workers say he would not have missed a chance to go help people.', 'Theres a picture of volunteer firefighter Joey Pustejovsky, standing next to his wife, wearing a yellow firefighters helmet.', 'One local resident posted: Joey worked for us at Sears in the sporting goods area, always willing to help and to give the best service. My heart goes out to Kelly and his family at this time, it is just like him to be a first responder. May God give you peace.', 'Theres a picture of Navarro County firefighter and West ambulance EMT trainee Perry Calvin, 37, who has been confirmed as one of the EMT personnel killed.', 'And theres a picture of Dallas Fire-Rescue Capt. Kenny Harris, one of the dead, dressed in a crisp black uniform. Hes smiling.', 'The site is also full of tips on where to donate and about upcoming fundraisers. One poster included a video of The Firefighters Song.', 'Added one poster: There are not enough words to express my sadness. So many caring people lost. Blessings to all the families.', 'This story mentions a photo of "26-year-old Sean Collier" among the photos of first responders killed. But that\'s the name and age of the officer killed at MIT. Was this a mistake in the story, or was there, by some weird coincidence, also a 26-year-old Sean Collier killed in West?', 'As the great and very red state of Texas has reformed its workers compensation system so as to permit employers like West Fertilizer to "opt out" of its workers compensation system and, at the same time "reformed" its tort system so as to make it virtually impossible for working class people to get to court against big business it\'s going to be real interesting to see who foots these bills.At the same time, watching antigovernment Rick Perry beg for federal disaster assistance is indeed something to behold and would be hilarious if it weren\'t so tragic.This is what it really means to "starve the beast/shrink government"', "Comments are filtered for language and registration is required. The Times makes no guarantee of comments' factual accuracy. Readers may report inappropriate comments by clicking the Report Abuse link next to a comment. Here are the full legal terms you agree to by using this comment form.", 'As an editor and reporter, Michael Muskal has covered local, national, economic and foreign issues at three newspapers, including the Los Angeles Times.  @latimesmuskal', 'Matt Pearce, a University of Missouri graduate, has previously written for the Kansas City Star, the Los Angeles Review of Books, The New Inquiry and The Pitch. @mattdpearce']