<<<<<<< HEAD
['Even as as President Obama pledged federal assistance to the devastated community, morning rainfall was hampering search and rescue efforts Thursday at the site of the West, Texas, fertilizer plant explosion, which killed as many as 15 people and injured 160.', 'McLennan County Sheriff Parnell McNamara said more than 200 law enforcement officers from throughout Texas are trying to recover bodies from the debris and rescue possible survivors.', 'The explosion destroyed and damaged homes and leveled apartment buildings within a half-mile radius of the close-knit town, located about 20 miles north of Waco.', 'McNamara, who has been sheriff for just four months, said he wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t have a full count of the dead and missing until later in the day.', '\xe2\x80\x9cThis is heartbreaking. There\xe2\x80\x99s no other way to describe it,\xe2\x80\x9d he said. \xe2\x80\x9cThe devastation was unbelievable.\xe2\x80\x9d', 'Obama, in Boston to attend a memorial service for victims of the Boston Marathon bombing, called Texas Gov. Rick Perry from Air Force One to tell him that his prayers are with the people of West, aides said.', 'He offered any federal resources that may be needed through the Federal Emergency Management Agency and other offices, a White House statement said.', 'The president also placed a call to the mayor of West, but has not yet reached the official, the aides said.', 'Waco police Sgt. William Swanton told "CBS This Morning" that \xe2\x80\x9cthere is nothing at this point to indicate this is a criminal issue,\xe2\x80\x9d but he stressed that \xe2\x80\x9cwe don\xe2\x80\x99t know\xe2\x80\x9d what happened.', 'Residents of the community rushed to care for hundreds displaced by the blast. Evacuation centers that were established for residents were mostly empty Thursday, as people who had fled their homes were being sheltered by their neighbors, an evacuation site coordinator said.', 'Rescuers were going door-to-door Thursday morning in neighborhoods decimated by the explosion at the West, Texas, fertilizer plant, searching in closets and under beds for residents after a massive blast that killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said.', 'Three or four firefighters who are among the missing \xe2\x80\x9cwere our first responders,\xe2\x80\x9d Waco police Sgt. William Swanton told reporters at a news conference early Thursday. \xe2\x80\x9cThey were the ones who went to the scene ... and were actually fighting the fire as the explosion occurred.\xe2\x80\x9d', 'One volunteer firefighter who was previously listed as missing was found at an area hospital, but his condition as unknown, Swanton said.', 'Authorities from nearby Waco were assisting West officials in rescue and investigation efforts.', 'Gov. Rick Perry is scheduled to speak about the disaster later Thursday morning in Austin, as investigators from all levels of government descend on West, a town of 2,800, to try to determine the cause of the explosion that leveled four blocks.', 'President Obama, in Boston for an interfaith service for victims of the bombing at the city\'s marathon, said in a statement that the administration "is in close contact with our state and local partners on the ground to make sure there are no unmet needs."', '\xe2\x80\x9cWest is a town that many Texans hold near and dear to their hearts, and as residents continue to respond to this tragedy, they will have the support of the American people,\xe2\x80\x9d the president said.', 'As search and rescue operations were underway, officials were watching a storm system that is moving into the area. Any resulting rain would make the searches more difficult but could slow the spread of a chemical plume from the fire, Swanton said.', 'He added thatthe tight-knit, family-oriented community had pulled together for those who have lost their homes.', '                And we put this\xc2\xa0crap on our lawns (water suppy) and in our food supply.\xc2\xa0 Makes a person wonder...', '                Rightwing trolls deployed by their NRA masters today. \xc2\xa0No intelligent discussion possible on this board.', "                Ok...call me paranoid.....but connect these dots.....WACO...Fertilizer\xc2\xa0.. terror response at oklahoma city....Waco fertilizer...first responder srespond..then Massive explosion...seems to me if you can't get fertilizer to get a bomb to blow up government agents..then bring the government agents to you..and then blow them up...crazy right ?", "Comments are filtered for language and registration is required. The Times makes no guarantee of comments' factual accuracy. Readers may report inappropriate comments by clicking the Report Abuse link next to a comment. Here are the full legal terms you agree to by using this comment form.", 'As an editor and reporter, Michael Muskal has covered local, national, economic and foreign issues at three newspapers, including the Los Angeles Times.  @latimesmuskal', 'Matt Pearce, a University of Missouri graduate, has previously written for the Kansas City Star, the Los Angeles Review of Books, The New Inquiry and The Pitch. @mattdpearce']
=======
['Even as as President Obama pledged federal assistance to the devastated community, morning rainfall was hampering search and rescue efforts Thursday at the site of the West, Texas, fertilizer plant explosion, which killed as many as 15 people and injured 160.', 'McLennan County Sheriff Parnell McNamara said more than 200 law enforcement officers from throughout Texas are trying to recover bodies from the debris and rescue possible survivors.', 'The explosion destroyed and damaged homes and leveled apartment buildings within a half-mile radius of the close-knit town, located about 20 miles north of Waco.', 'McNamara, who has been sheriff for just four months, said he wouldnt have a full count of the dead and missing until later in the day.', 'This is heartbreaking. Theres no other way to describe it, he said. The devastation was unbelievable.', 'Obama, in Boston to attend a memorial service for victims of the Boston Marathon bombing, called Texas Gov. Rick Perry from Air Force One to tell him that his prayers are with the people of West, aides said.', 'He offered any federal resources that may be needed through the Federal Emergency Management Agency and other offices, a White House statement said.', 'The president also placed a call to the mayor of West, but has not yet reached the official, the aides said.', 'Waco police Sgt. William Swanton told "CBS This Morning" that there is nothing at this point to indicate this is a criminal issue, but he stressed that we dont know what happened.', 'Residents of the community rushed to care for hundreds displaced by the blast. Evacuation centers that were established for residents were mostly empty Thursday, as people who had fled their homes were being sheltered by their neighbors, an evacuation site coordinator said.', 'Rescuers were going door-to-door Thursday morning in neighborhoods decimated by the explosion at the West, Texas, fertilizer plant, searching in closets and under beds for residents after a massive blast that killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said.', 'Three or four firefighters who are among the missing were our first responders, Waco police Sgt. William Swanton told reporters at a news conference early Thursday. They were the ones who went to the scene ... and were actually fighting the fire as the explosion occurred.', 'One volunteer firefighter who was previously listed as missing was found at an area hospital, but his condition as unknown, Swanton said.', 'Authorities from nearby Waco were assisting West officials in rescue and investigation efforts.', 'Gov. Rick Perry is scheduled to speak about the disaster later Thursday morning in Austin, as investigators from all levels of government descend on West, a town of 2,800, to try to determine the cause of the explosion that leveled four blocks.', 'President Obama, in Boston for an interfaith service for victims of the bombing at the city\'s marathon, said in a statement that the administration "is in close contact with our state and local partners on the ground to make sure there are no unmet needs."', 'West is a town that many Texans hold near and dear to their hearts, and as residents continue to respond to this tragedy, they will have the support of the American people, the president said.', 'As search and rescue operations were underway, officials were watching a storm system that is moving into the area. Any resulting rain would make the searches more difficult but could slow the spread of a chemical plume from the fire, Swanton said.', 'He added thatthe tight-knit, family-oriented community had pulled together for those who have lost their homes.', 'And we put thiscrap on our lawns (water suppy) and in our food supply. Makes a person wonder...', 'Rightwing trolls deployed by their NRA masters today. No intelligent discussion possible on this board.', "Ok...call me paranoid.....but connect these dots.....WACO...Fertilizer.. terror response at oklahoma city....Waco fertilizer...first responder srespond..then Massive explosion...seems to me if you can't get fertilizer to get a bomb to blow up government agents..then bring the government agents to you..and then blow them up...crazy right ?", "Comments are filtered for language and registration is required. The Times makes no guarantee of comments' factual accuracy. Readers may report inappropriate comments by clicking the Report Abuse link next to a comment. Here are the full legal terms you agree to by using this comment form.", 'As an editor and reporter, Michael Muskal has covered local, national, economic and foreign issues at three newspapers, including the Los Angeles Times.  @latimesmuskal', 'Matt Pearce, a University of Missouri graduate, has previously written for the Kansas City Star, the Los Angeles Review of Books, The New Inquiry and The Pitch. @mattdpearce']
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
