['   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    ', '\tAs many as 60 people are still missing two days after a massive explosion in a Texas fertilizer plant decimated a small town, leaving at least 14 dead and injuring 200.', "\tThe death toll from Wednesday's fiery blast in West, Texas could climb even higher, officials said Friday. There are 25 houses in the blast area still to be searched.", '\tU.S. Senator John Cornyn, (R-Texas) said as many as 60 people were unaccounted for, but added that some might be with relatives or in the hospital.', '\tAuthorities are checking medical facilities and "making sure they know where people are," Cornyn said, according to the Fort Worth Star-Telegram.', '\tPolice have pulled 14 bodies from the smoldering debris and sent them to a Dallas forensics lab for identification. As many as 200 people suffered bruises, lacerations, burns and other injuries.', '\tAs many as 11 first responders are among the missing and believed to have died in the killer blast that rocked the town of 2,800 with the force of a small earthquake, local papers reported.', "Baylor University student's hold a candle light vigil outside Waco Hall for the victim's of the West fertilizer plant explosion, Wednesday, April 17, 2013. ", '\tOfficials said about 200 people were working at the West Fertilizer Co. factory Wednesday night when it blew apart at 7:53 p.m. - sending flames shooting into the sky and flinging scorching-hot debris for miles.', '\tFirefighters had already been on scene for at least 20 minutes when the blast occurred, officials said.', "\tThey'd been evacuating the area while struggling to put out a fast-moving blaze that broke out in the factory around 7:30 p.m.", "\tPublic Safety Sgt. Jason Reyes wouldn't confirm first responders among the reported fatalities.", '\tIt was "with a heavy heart" that he broke the news that bodies had been pulled from the area around the explosion site, he said.', 'This aerial photo shows the remains of a fertilizer plant and an apartment complex to the left, destroyed by an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. The massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. ', '\tBut the names of the dead were already trickling out through residents of the close-knit town of West, located about 20 miles from Waco.', '\tThe mourning had begun at a service at St. Mary of the Assumption Catholic Church Thursday night.', '\t"We know everyone that was there first, in the beginning," said Christina Rodarte, 46, who has lived in West for 27 years.', '\t"There\'s no words for it. It is a small community, and everyone knows the first responders, because anytime there\'s anything going on, the fire department is right there, all volunteer."', '\tThe Dallas Fire-Rescue Department said one of its off-duty firefighters, Capt. Kenny Harris, was among those killed.', '\tHarris - a 52-year-old married father of three grown sons - lived in West and had decided to lend a hand to the volunteers battling the blaze.   ']