["I'm glad the gun nuts blew each others' brains out. That's what happens when you're a gun nut.", "And don't tell me this community finds photoshopped images legitimate. The first 5 top comments are all criticizing the picture for this very detail.", "Using a fucked up camera that puts a giraffe on Uranus artificially is the exact same thing, only perhaps more difficult for difficulty's sake.", "If that's the case, photoshop something only using your penis to touch the computer, and it deserves equal merit.", 'The giraffes in front of a moon that large would never be visible like that from the naked eye.', "Are neo nazi's supposed to be antithetical to black people? I guess they are racist ---- but is a swastika an anti-black symbol in particular?", "What's number two? Have sex in a server room? Yeah, that's every guy's fantasy .... next up, have sex in the tax regulatory office of the local CPA firm SNOOOOOOOOORE.", 'If you live in a big city with higher gas prices like Chicago, your mileage may vary.', 'Were there just a pile of unfastened bricks in the back? ... Yeah, fuck that. I hate being near any large trucks while driving.', "They're worth a ton! Nowhere to go but up! Until the emperor has no clothes and they're worthless junk again.", 'After seeing Tucker\'s "greatest movie ever made" movie --- yeah I don\'t trust him or his "crop."', 'What does the average shmoe make in this country? 50k a year maybe? So what an average guy makes in 20 years, this guy makes in two.', "As long as he invests that smartly, he definitely won't have to spend time at a shitty office job, bust his ass with physical labor, or any number of shit positions where you're being fucked by corporate America.", "But there's also a strong correlation between money and health, money and interests, and money and one's importance placed on money.", 'The guy who says "someone is wrong ... eh.... who gives a fuck" ... does not have a fragile "I like feeling smart" ego to protect and inflate.', 'This announcement is like being proud of a fart, right? All noise and no real significance?', "What about President Obama's speech? His was just as manufactured, if not MORE manufactured with artifice, than Putin's Op-Ed piece.", 'Putin is trying to persuade and manipulate you. So is NSA-spying, drone-flying, warmongering Obama.', "And personally, even though Putin is obviously in favor of the Syrian government, I happen to agree that we have no business making war there to enrich a few cocksuckers at my tax dollars' expense.", 'You can definitely make do, but probably without a car, unless very cheap, and probably an apartment with a roommate without its own parking space.', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']