['No politics. Political videos (including ones related to current political figures) should be submitted to r/politics, r/worldpolitics, etc.', 'No personal information such as names, Facebook pages, phone numbers, addresses, etc. This is grounds for an immediate (and likely permanent) ban, so consider this a warning.', 'No witch-hunting or incitement to witch hunt. This means no demanding "Reddit justice" in any way in post titles or comments.', 'No police brutality/violence videos. Consider posting to a different subreddit, like /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut or elsewhere.', 'If your submission does not appear in the new queue, please contact us (be sure to include a link to the Reddit post (i.e. comments section), not the content you are linking). Simply deleting your post may cause the spam filter to catch future ones.', 'Also, please contact us regarding spam, political or any other inappropriate videos, as this helps us remove them more quickly!', 'Missed the best of Reddit yesterday? Catch the daily recap and best links at /r/tldr', 'There is a school, a playground, houses, an apartment building, and the retirement home all within that a half a mile from that place. ', "It is impractical to approach the situation that way.  We can't make everything in the world perfectly safe.  ", "I'm not saying that this isn't a situation that could have been made safer (was the fertilizer plant following all of the safety regulations it is required to, for instance?), but if we're going to start banning or outlawing things (or, I guess practices in this instance, since we're talking about where buildings were built in proximity to the fertilizer plant) because there's a lottery-winner's chance that they could cause mass damage... well, say goodbye to skyscrapers.  There is a remote chance that they could topple over and fall onto people.  ", 'Certainly I think this is something that should be assessed, but if that is really how likely it is - one in several million\'s chance - then we should chalk it up to "freak accident," make sure we\'ve helped this town and these people as much as we possibly can in terms of recovery, and move on with our lives.  ', '"Also, my comment wasn\'t really a joke as much as it was perspective. This is a situation where you want to laugh thinking it\'s some hilarious, edgy satire, then your face slowly goes numb as you realize it\'s a frighteningly accurate documentary. "', 'Seriously though, if you really want to get sick/angry, read the YouTube comments. ', "Also, my comment wasn't really a joke as much as it was perspective. This is a situation where you want to laugh thinking it's some hilarious, edgy satire, then your face slowly goes numb as you realize it's a frighteningly accurate documentary. ", 'I was however joking about the term "too soon" in a literal sense. Just so we are clear. ', 'The cost of being cautious with potentially absurdly dangerous industrial sites is rather low if you want it to be. ', 'I see nothing wrong with actively minimizing already low probabilities of disaster.', 'hey, i agree with your points of probability. but this is classic bad risk management -- the equation of risk is more complex than the probability of the event.', 'you also have to consider the magnitude of the disaster in the low-probability eventuality -- and it does become an eventuality, if the plant stays open long enough.  probability * magnitude = risk, which is why we try to design skyscrapers in California to withstand 8.0 earthquakes that almost never come.', 'and you further have to consider cost -- in a place like Texas, where undeveloped land along rail lines is literally everywhere, what would the cost to the town have been of zoning a simple half-mile buffer around something with the potential of a fertilizer plant? very low.', '"Study say it\'s safe but the giant crater in the ground says otherwise." How can you look at something like this and comment about how statistically safe it is? lmao', 'Or a more relevant example, statistically, nuclear plants are extremely safe.  However, there are still safeguards protecting the .0000000001% chance they blow up.', 'The Bhopal Disaster was much, much worse if we consider the legacy on humans and not just the sheer property damage.', 'If we take power plants into accounts, I suggest you read about failing dams, that did much worse.  We could then talk about the complex legacy of the few nuclear accidents we had, with their immense cleaning up costs and unknown casualties list.', 'If we include the defense industry, we have to consider events such as the Halifax Explosion, the biggest conventional explosion in history.', 'edit: http://www.chron.com/neighborhood/baytown-news/article/Roller-coaster-roils-its-Kemah-neighbors-1821598.php', 'i dont know much about Waco but i imagine the fertilizer plant was there for a long time before the worker population grew into a town', 'When do people understand that we need to keep this kind of industrie out of the city?', "I'm being downvoted, but it's true. Small Texas towns generally have little to no zoning. The real world doesn't follow SimCity rules where nobody builds anything until after you plop a zone down.", 'It\'s interesting to me that people are coming out of the woodwork to bitch about how stupid the local gov was for planning such a death trap, when I\'ve seen ZERO people take a similar tone to the Boston tragedy. Where are the posts asking "Who the fuck allowed people with giant backpacks to mill around a gigantic public assembly without being wanded/having security checks?" I\'m NOT saying that it was the fault of any oversight in Boston, only that people seem to know, when dealing with major metro cities on the coasts, that it\'s bad form to immediately begin victim-blaming. Folks seem to forget that when it comes to Texas, the South, the Midwest, and the rest of "flyover country". I live on the East Coast now and see this sort of blatant regionalism all the time. Everyone in the Far Rockaways displaced by Sandy was a victim of a horribly negligent government, but the same thing happened to people in New Orleans and they say "Well, serves the dumb hicks right for living in the middle of a gigantic bowl LOL".', 'Shit happens. People tend to do their best, but some people always need a scapegoat. Yeah, hopefully people learn from this tragedy, but saying "WHOTHEFUCK ZONED THAT DUMB TOWN LOL" is not helpful to anybody, and it\'s also incredibly offensive to the people most affected.', "I'm sorry if I'm coming off as overly sensitive, but I lived in Austin for five years, with family in Dallas. West was very much a big part of my life. Almost every Longhorn knows about the famous Czech Stop bakery there (best damn kolaches in the world). It's close to my heart. After the Boston bombing (where I also lived and where my gf and her family are) and now this, I'm getting a little tired of the blatant ignorance flying around.", "It isn't hindsight, it's FORETHOUGHT that is required and should have happened. These things aren't a matter of hindsight. We KNOW these issues happen, and it's a matter of risk management. Having a giant bomb next to a town should have been thought of. Those houses and buildings are not that old. They could have put the developments further away when planning them cuz they knew the plant was there. That plant and town maybe older, but those houses and buildings aren't extremely old.", "And your comparison to Boston is silly. They actually do plan for and attempt to prevent such eventualities even though such things do slip through, in this case NONE of that occurred. That plant was even fined  for not having a plan in case something like this happened! So, please, don't cry about this being insensitive, they were stupid all around.", 'I\'m holding in my opinion that if this had been on either one of the coasts nobody would dare be talking about how stupid the people of said town are to live near "a bomb".', 'Are you kidding me? Anybody, anywhere would be an idiot putting plants like that next to housing. Most places are smart enough though to zone intelligently, not say "fuckit, let\'s let the plant which is essentially a bomb next to two schools and housing! You can cry that it\'s some sort of location based issue, but that\'s bullshit.', 'Whoops, order confused, point still 100% the same. You don\'t put housing next to things that can explode. You don\'t build things that can explode next to housing. It\'s idiotic. A couple thousand feet isn\'t some crisis of "freedom", it\'s called being smart, but... I already understand why that concept eludes you... There\'s that whole "being smart" issue.', 'Aww, coming from a true intellectual lowlight like yourself... Your opinion is worth about as much as a rat turd.', "But you're not going to look at any of that in your quest to be right, so just bite my fucking ass.", "Name a place and a time, and I'll gladly do that for ya. I like leaving a permanent marks. You just pissed that you didn't even know they didn't even have plans for such situations? Oh... poor you.", "residents of areas hit by the highest doses of radiation face an increased cancer risk so small it probably won't be detectable.", "they've got miles of open farm land to put something like that, and they go and stick it in the worst possible spot", 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']