["The Wire: Devastating Texas blast; Obama in Boston; oddball ricin suspect; man's manhood severed; naked prowler - San Jose Mercury News", " Font ResizeThe Wire: Devastating Texas blast; Obama in Boston; oddball ricin suspect; man's manhood severed; naked prowlerBy Karl Kahlerkkahler@mercurynews.commercurynews.comPosted:", '04/18/2013 01:36:07 PM PDTFirefighters conduct search and rescue Thursday at an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas.  (LM Otero/AP)National editor\'s pick of the top news stories in the nation and world at this hour:Multiple dead in Texas fertilizer plant explosionA fertilizer plant explosion near Waco, Texas, that flattened homes and businesses caused so much devastation that casualty estimates Thursday were little more than guesses, and it was unknown how many people were missing. Early estimates spoke of five to 15 people feared dead, including three or four firefighters and a law enforcement officer, and more than 160 people injured. The explosion of the West Fertilizer Co. in the central Texas town of West leveled a four-block area, destroying President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama attend an interfaith healing service Thursday at the Cathedral of the Holy Cross in Boston.  (Charles Krupa/AP Photo)or severely damaging a 50-unit apartment complex, a nursing home, a middle school and up to 75 homes. Searchers "have not gotten to the point of no return where they don\'t think that there\'s anybody still alive," Waco police Sgt. William Patrick Swanton said. But even the authorities were having trouble getting to the heart of the blast zone in a town crammed with scores of emergency vehicles. "It\'s still too hot to get in there," said Franceska Perot, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.Obama addresses Boston bombing memorialDeclaring that "we will finish the race," President Barack Obama on Thursday spoke movingly at a memorial for the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing, vowing to bring the perpetrators to justice. "We will find you, we will hold you accountable -- but more than that, our fidelity to our way of life, to our free and open society, will only grow stronger," he said at an interfaith memorial at Boston\'s Cathedral of the Holy Cross. Authorities continued to scour photos and video from the crime scene, trying to identify a man seen on surveillance video leaving a bag at the second blast A photo of Paul Kevin Curtis, 45, from his Facebook page.  (AP Photo)site. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told a House committee Thursday that "there is some video that raised the question" of individuals the FBI would like to interview.Ricin suspect spoke of conspiracy to sell body partsA man suspected of mailing ricin-laced letters to President Barack Obama and a Mississippi senator was an Elvis impersonator who believed he had discovered a conspiracy to sell human body parts he discovered while working at a hospital. Paul Kevin Curtis, 45, was arrested Wednesday at his home in Corinth, Miss., shortly after Obama and Sen. Roger Wicker, R-Miss., received letters signed, "I am KC and I approve this message." An online trail left by one Kevin Curtis calls him a "Master of Impressions," and a YouTube channel in his name has videos of him performing as Elvis Presley, Buddy Holly and Kid Rock. Other posts attributed to him speak of a conspiracy that began when he "discovered a refrigerator full of dismembered body parts & organs wrapped in plastic in the morgue of the largest non-metropolitan health care organization in the United States of America." Curtis wrote that he was trying to "expose various parties within the government, FBI, police departments" for what he believed was "a conspiracy to ruin my reputation in the community as well as an ongoing effort to break down the foundation I worked more than 20 years to build in Catherine Kieu of Santa Ana is accused of drugging her husband and severing his penis.  (Orange County District Attorney/AP Photo)the country music scene." The FBI is still awaiting definitive tests to confirm that the substance found in the letters was ricin.Wife on trial for severing husband\'s penisA Southern California wife angered that her estranged husband was dating a former girlfriend laced his food with sleeping pills, tied him to a bed, severed his penis and threw it in a garbage disposal, prosecutors said at her trial Wednesday. Catherine Kieu, 50, was portrayed by her defense in opening statements as a mentally ill survivor of war-torn Vietnam who should not be convicted on charges of aggravated mayhem and torture. Her husband, who was not named by the Associated Press because of the nature of the crime, said in court that it was as if his life ended the night of the attack. "She murdered me that night," he said. "I will never have a sex life again." The penis could not be reattached. "My mental state is improving, but it may never be what it was before," he said. Prosecutors played an audio recording made by Kieu in which she is heard yelling, "You deserve it" three times before the attack on the recording. Man arrested for crawling through doggie door nakedFrom the department of "It seemed like a good idea at the time," a Riverside County man is accused of crawling naked through a neighbor\'s doggie door to have sex with his neighbor\'s wife. Believe it or not, alcohol may have been involved. Philip Garcia, 41, of Perris was arrested April 10 and has pleaded not guilty to burglary and indecent exposure. The neighbor woman told police her husband had left for his night job and she was getting ready for bed at about 9:30 with her three dogs when she heard a knock on her bedroom door. She said she found her neighbor standing there naked, possibly drunk, announcing his intention to have sex with her. She yelled at him to go away and called police, who found Garcia naked on his own bed and took him into custody. The Wire, a summary of top national and world news stories from the Associated Press and other wire services, moves weekdays. Contact Karl Kahler at 408-920-5023; follow him at twitter.com/karl_kahler.Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News.  All rights reserved.Print', "10 Things to Know for MondayMexico: German sought in sex ring case recapturedEvacuations over, S. Calif. fire nearly contained4 more first responders killed in Texas blast ID'dSuspected drug smuggler arrested in VenezuelaFAA furloughs kick in, some flight delays appearFive days of fear: What happened in Boston5 die in rollover during pursuit by Border Patrol", "Most ViewedMost E-Mailed(From the last 12 hours)Denver pot shooting: Gunfire wounds two people and a dog at...Celeb Pix: Drew Barrymore blankets herself for GLAAD Media AwardsSleek new trail opens through heart of San Jose, connecting downtown...Editors' Picks: Top stories on MercuryNews.comSilicon Valley companies quietly try to kill Internet privacy billSan Francisco 49ers have lots of picks, options in NFL draft(From the last 12 hours)Sleek new trail opens through heart of San Jose, connecting downtown...Teen sex culture: Line blurred between sex and rapeJohn Chambers: A memo to 2013 college graduates -- never stop learningRosacea: Facts and tips to keep skin clearBay Area home prices soar in buyer bidding warsGolden State Warriors lean on their faith heading into playoffs"]