['The prognosis: dire. The wedding: off. The plan: an idea both outlandish and, for Shannon Anaya, perfect. Given just a short time before cancer will claim her, she chooses to live the way she always has, with joy.', 'The 89-year-old former U.S. senator from Kansas speaks slowly these days, but the intellect and dry wit of the man who led the Republican Party in the Senate for 11 years remain. He is sharply critical of todays Washington, where little gets done. And he says the GOP is losing ground and needs to learn that compromise is not a bad word.', 'Matt Kenseth, in his first season with Joe Gibbs Racing, won the Sprint Cup STP 400 on Sunday, six months after he won the first race on the new surface for Roush Fenway Racing, last falls Hollywood Casino 400.', 'Ervin Santana worked seven strong innings Sunday afternoon before the Royals bullpen held on for a 4-2 victory over the Boston Red Sox in the first game of a day-night doubleheader at Fenway Park.', 'The Bright Future Employment Fair drew more than 250 young people to the University of Missouri-Kansas City campus. Young people may be only about 30 percent of our population, but they are 100 percent of the future, Mayor Sly James told the assembled applicants.', 'Billionaire Robert Earl Holding, whose business empire included ownership of Sinclair Oil and two world-class ski resorts in the West, has died. He was 86.', 'Rapture Practice is not exactly a tribute to Aaron Hartzlers fundamentalist Christian parents. Its more along the lines of one of those I survived my wacky family tell-alls, although Hartzler takes care not to lampoon his folks. Amazon is featuring the book this month as a best teen book.', 'DEAR ABBY: My 14-year-old son, Nils, recently joined a sport he really enjoys. His stepdad and I are at every practice, helping the coaches and coaching my son along. Nils recently commented to me that he would like it if his father could come and see him practice. I took it upon myself, as I usually do, to call my ex, John, and suggest he make an appearance because it would make our son happy.', 'Eccentric and stoic after 19 years in solitary confinement, Daniel Holden has no option but to return to the hometown that demonized him for raping and killing a teenage girl. Rectify, the anticipated miniseries from Breaking Bads team of producers, is a work of fiction. But its premise has been stubbornly asserting itself in our cultural consciousness.', 'My Name is Asher Lev, an adaptation of the Chaim Potok novel now on stage at the Unicorn Theatre, is earnest, serious-minded, provocative and poignant. It also is filled with a sort of gooey emotionalism that obscures some of the plays better qualities.', 'Tragically for Kansans with developmental disabilities and their families, everything we have worked years to achieve is at risk because of Gov. Sam Brownbacks plans to put development disability services into KanCare, the states new managed care program for the Medicaid population, writes Effie Bradley of Lake Quivira.', 'Gwendolyn Grant dismisses any notion that weve entered a post-racial period since the election of Barack Obama as president. Grant, the president and chief executive officer of the Urban League of Greater Kansas City, sees that civil rights gains are under fire and progress in the next 50 years for African-Americans is less certain.', 'The runners tribe: At first, they thought the blasts were from a celebratory cannon', "Officials and family members have identified four more first responders who died in last week's deadly Texas fertilizer plant explosion.", "At least 14 people died in Wednesday's explosion at the plant in the Texas town of West. West Mayor Tommy Muska has said that 10 of the 14 who died were first responders.On Sunday, professional organizations and family and friends identified four more of the first responders who died: brothers Doug and Robert Snokhous, who were both firefighters with the West Volunteer Fire Department; Jerry Chapman, a firefighter with the Abbott Volunteer Fire Department; and Kevin Sanders, who worked with West EMS and another area volunteer fire department.The blast at the West Fertilizer Co. also injured 200 people.", 'Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', 'After standoff, police apprehend suspect in robbery involving adult entertainment worker']