['Ten volunteer firefighters and the residents who perished alongside them in a devastating fertilizer plant explosion here will be memorialized in a joint service at Baylor University on Thursday.Firefighters from across the country are planning to converge on the Baptist college\'s campus to honor the fallen strangers who are still considered family."It hits close to home for us all," said Joe Ondrasek, an executive board member of the Texas Line of Duty Task Force.Hundreds of firefighters, including bagpipers and an honor guard, are expected to march in a half-mile-long procession into the Ferrell Center before the service begins.West\'s volunteer fire department had 33 members before Wednesday\'s explosion, which killed 14 and injured more than 200 others.Ondrasek said the service will focus on the firefighters killed in the line of duty, but will also commemorate residents who were helping them at the time of the blast."There were others who also helped fight the fire," he said.Ondrasek said firefighters from across the globe have reached out to his agency. The inherent risks of the job create a universal sense of camaraderie among those who fight fires."We grow in the fire stations with each other," Ondrasek said.The Texas Fire Marshal\'s office, meanwhile, identified the exact site of the explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. and Adair Grain property."We do have a large crater," said assistant state Fire Marshal Kelly Kistner.Kistner declined to say where on the site the blast occurred or the dimensions of the crater. The cause of the explosion and the fire that preceded still aren\'t known, he said.The plant consisted of 11 buildings on 10 acres. It employed 13 people, one of whom was a volunteer firefighter who died in the explosion.One part of the business sold fertilizers. Another sold grain, feed and farming tools.The company mixed fertilizers tailored to farmers specific needs, which were determined by testing soil samples.The plant had at least 540,000 pounds of ammonium nitrate, a violently combustible compound, in storage last year, state records show. Ammonium nitrate, a fertilizer, is also used in explosives for mining, road-building and other commercial uses.The amount stored at the West plant in 2012, according to the state records, was more than 100 times the weight of the ammonium nitrate and fuel oil mixture used in the 1995 bombing of the Alfrd P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.It could be weeks or months before the cause of Wednesdays fire and explosion are known. The U.S. Chemical Safety Board, the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and other agencies are investigating what happened.The state fire marshal is conducting a "line of duty" investigation because firefighters were killed. State officials will look at the initial response, the command structure of the response and the firefighting tactics used."The loss of life and tragedy we all experienced will be part of that response," Kistner said.', 'To post a comment, log into your chosen social network and then add your comment below. Your comments are subject to our Terms of Service and the privacy policy and terms of service of your social network. If you do not want to comment with a social network, please consider writing a letter to the editor.', 'Copyright 2011 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserve. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.']