<<<<<<< HEAD
['  TORONTO, April 19, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Linking Variety Mart, located at 831 Runnymede Rd., recently added U-Haul truck rentals to the convenience store business. ', '  To download a photo of Linking Variety Mart visit:  http://www.uhaul.com/Locations/Truck-Rentals-near-Toronto-ON-M6N3V8/052 630 ', "  Families needing the finest in moving services now will have increased convenience and a shorter distance to travel when moving, which not only will make their move easier but also will have the positive effect of reducing the amount of carbon emissions released into the atmosphere. U-Haul partnering with business owners across North America to increase convenience for customers while helping our environment is just one of the programs that support U-Haul Company's Corporate Sustainability initiatives. ", '  Customers are also offered towing equipment at Linking Variety Mart in Toronto, ON including a variety of open trailers, closed trailers, tow dollies and auto transports. ', '  "U-Haul is proud to be partnering with a quality independent business such as Linking Variety Mart," exclaimed Jennifer Anstett, president, U-Haul Company of Eastern Ontario. "Linking Variety Mart is a great example of the type of successful business relationship U-Haul has established in order to build and maintain a strong network of independent dealers across North America." ', '  For more information, or to rent your moving equipment today, call 416-243-1492. Business hours of operation are: Seven days a week 8:30 a.m. -- 9:30 p.m. ', '  U-Haul was founded by a Navy veteran who grew up during the Great Depression. Tires and gas were still rationed or in short supply during the late 1940s when U-Haul began serving U.S. customers. Today, that background is central to the U-Haul Sustainability Program: "Serving the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs." Our commitment to reduce, reuse and recycle includes fuel-efficient moving vans, neighborhood proximity, moving box reuse, moving pads made from discarded material and packing peanuts that are 100% biodegradable. Learn more about these facts and others at uhaul.com/sustainability. ', "  Since 1945, U-Haul has been the choice for the do-it-yourself mover. U-Haul customers' patronage has enabled the Company to maintain the largest rental fleet in the do-it-yourself moving industry which includes trucks, trailers and towing devices. U-Haul also offers storage throughout North America. The Company provides industry leading moving and storage boxes and an extended line of packing supplies to protect customer possessions. U-Haul is the consumer's number one choice as the largest installer of permanent trailer hitches in the automotive aftermarket. The Company supplies alternative-fuel for vehicles and backyard grills as one of the nation's largest retailers of propane. ", 'Seib & Wessel: Crushing Defeat for Gun ControlWSJ reporter Kristina Peterson says the effort to expand background checks on gun sales seemed to have a chance in the Senate but then died on the vine. Is this the end of the road for gun control advocates?', "The $160,000 TurntableApril 20 is National Record Store Day \xe2\x80\x94 and the LP has been making a serious resurgence. So why not go all out and get the ultimate turntable? We'll compare a $160,000 unit with all those fairly good $100 models that are out there these days. Photo: Contiuum."]
=======
['TORONTO, April 19, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Linking Variety Mart, located at 831 Runnymede Rd., recently added U-Haul truck rentals to the convenience store business.', 'To download a photo of Linking Variety Mart visit:  http://www.uhaul.com/Locations/Truck-Rentals-near-Toronto-ON-M6N3V8/052 630', "Families needing the finest in moving services now will have increased convenience and a shorter distance to travel when moving, which not only will make their move easier but also will have the positive effect of reducing the amount of carbon emissions released into the atmosphere. U-Haul partnering with business owners across North America to increase convenience for customers while helping our environment is just one of the programs that support U-Haul Company's Corporate Sustainability initiatives.", 'Customers are also offered towing equipment at Linking Variety Mart in Toronto, ON including a variety of open trailers, closed trailers, tow dollies and auto transports.', '"U-Haul is proud to be partnering with a quality independent business such as Linking Variety Mart," exclaimed Jennifer Anstett, president, U-Haul Company of Eastern Ontario. "Linking Variety Mart is a great example of the type of successful business relationship U-Haul has established in order to build and maintain a strong network of independent dealers across North America."', 'For more information, or to rent your moving equipment today, call 416-243-1492. Business hours of operation are: Seven days a week 8:30 a.m. -- 9:30 p.m.', 'U-Haul was founded by a Navy veteran who grew up during the Great Depression. Tires and gas were still rationed or in short supply during the late 1940s when U-Haul began serving U.S. customers. Today, that background is central to the U-Haul Sustainability Program: "Serving the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs." Our commitment to reduce, reuse and recycle includes fuel-efficient moving vans, neighborhood proximity, moving box reuse, moving pads made from discarded material and packing peanuts that are 100% biodegradable. Learn more about these facts and others at uhaul.com/sustainability.', "Since 1945, U-Haul has been the choice for the do-it-yourself mover. U-Haul customers' patronage has enabled the Company to maintain the largest rental fleet in the do-it-yourself moving industry which includes trucks, trailers and towing devices. U-Haul also offers storage throughout North America. The Company provides industry leading moving and storage boxes and an extended line of packing supplies to protect customer possessions. U-Haul is the consumer's number one choice as the largest installer of permanent trailer hitches in the automotive aftermarket. The Company supplies alternative-fuel for vehicles and backyard grills as one of the nation's largest retailers of propane.", 'Seib & Wessel: Crushing Defeat for Gun ControlWSJ reporter Kristina Peterson says the effort to expand background checks on gun sales seemed to have a chance in the Senate but then died on the vine. Is this the end of the road for gun control advocates?', "The $160,000 TurntableApril 20 is National Record Store Day  and the LP has been making a serious resurgence. So why not go all out and get the ultimate turntable? We'll compare a $160,000 unit with all those fairly good $100 models that are out there these days. Photo: Contiuum."]
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
