<<<<<<< HEAD
["War Horse opening nightA moving drama filled with stirring music, 'War Horse' arrives at the Ohio Theatre for a week-long...", 'For private seller and classified advertising, call 614-888-8888 or visit DispatchClassifieds.com.', 'Enjoy the convenience of home delivery plus Digital D. Sign up for our BEST VALUE today!', 'Online? On the go? Enjoy unlimited premium dispatch.com content plus the E-Edition for computer and iPad.', 'Award-winning journalism conveniently delivered to your home. Choose the custom package best suited for you!', 'High-school students from West, Texas, arrive for classes at a temporary facility in Waco. A huge explosion on Wednesday damaged three of West\xe2\x80\x99s four schools.', 'Afternoon Update, sent weekday afternoons, keeps you up to date with breaking news and updates', 'The E-Edition includes all of the news, comics, classifieds and advertisements of the newspaper.', 'Current home-delivery subscribers may add Digital D, 24/7 E-Edition and unlimited premium', 'charge. Or, you can choose a digital-only subscription for unlimited access to the E-Edition', 'WEST, Texas \xe2\x80\x94 The only one of four schools in a Texas town to escape damage from a deadly', 'fertilizer-plant blast reopened yesterday with hugs for students and parents, as some residents', 'Fourteen people were killed and some 200 injured in the huge explosions at the West Fertilizer', 'Co. facility that supplied agricultural chemicals and fertilizer to area farmers.', 'The cause of what is assumed to be an industrial accident has not been determined, although the', 'facility stored liquid anhydrous ammonia fertilizer in huge tanks and ammonium nitrate in dry form.', 'Both are considered hazardous materials that could ignite under certain conditions.', 'Meanwhile, President Barack Obama will attend a memorial service Thursday at Baylor University', 'A line of cars and trucks swept around West Elementary School as parents kissed their children', '\xe2\x80\x9cIt\xe2\x80\x99s the first step, but getting back going again, some normalcy for our staff and faculty\xe2\x80\x99s', 'lives and our kids lives, it\xe2\x80\x99s a huge milestone,\xe2\x80\x9d said Marty Crawford, West Independent School', 'Over the weekend, volunteers built three temporary classrooms at the elementary school for an', 'additional 300 students. Efforts to settle them included putting teddy bears on desks and names on', 'Even at record levels, the stock market is not winning many new individual investors.', 'Bankrate.com says new research shows 76 percent of Americans are not inclined to invest in the', 'stock market. That comes even as interest rates on savings accounts and for certificates of deposit', '\xc2\xa9 2013 The Dispatch Printing Company, reproduction prohibited. All Rights Reserved.']
=======
["War Horse opening nightA moving drama filled with stirring music, 'War Horse' arrives at the Ohio Theatre for a week-long...", 'For private seller and classified advertising, call 614-888-8888 or visit DispatchClassifieds.com.', 'Enjoy the convenience of home delivery plus Digital D. Sign up for our BEST VALUE today!', 'Online? On the go? Enjoy unlimited premium dispatch.com content plus the E-Edition for computer and iPad.', 'Award-winning journalism conveniently delivered to your home. Choose the custom package best suited for you!', 'High-school students from West, Texas, arrive for classes at a temporary facility in Waco. A huge explosion on Wednesday damaged three of Wests four schools.', 'Afternoon Update, sent weekday afternoons, keeps you up to date with breaking news and updates', 'The E-Edition includes all of the news, comics, classifieds and advertisements of the newspaper.', 'Current home-delivery subscribers may add Digital D, 24/7 E-Edition and unlimited premium', 'charge. Or, you can choose a digital-only subscription for unlimited access to the E-Edition', 'WEST, Texas  The only one of four schools in a Texas town to escape damage from a deadly', 'fertilizer-plant blast reopened yesterday with hugs for students and parents, as some residents', 'Fourteen people were killed and some 200 injured in the huge explosions at the West Fertilizer', 'Co. facility that supplied agricultural chemicals and fertilizer to area farmers.', 'The cause of what is assumed to be an industrial accident has not been determined, although the', 'facility stored liquid anhydrous ammonia fertilizer in huge tanks and ammonium nitrate in dry form.', 'Both are considered hazardous materials that could ignite under certain conditions.', 'Meanwhile, President Barack Obama will attend a memorial service Thursday at Baylor University', 'A line of cars and trucks swept around West Elementary School as parents kissed their children', 'Its the first step, but getting back going again, some normalcy for our staff and facultys', 'lives and our kids lives, its a huge milestone, said Marty Crawford, West Independent School', 'Over the weekend, volunteers built three temporary classrooms at the elementary school for an', 'additional 300 students. Efforts to settle them included putting teddy bears on desks and names on', 'Even at record levels, the stock market is not winning many new individual investors.', 'Bankrate.com says new research shows 76 percent of Americans are not inclined to invest in the', 'stock market. That comes even as interest rates on savings accounts and for certificates of deposit', ' 2013 The Dispatch Printing Company, reproduction prohibited. All Rights Reserved.']
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
