<<<<<<< HEAD
['Today in the news: At least 14 dead in fertilizer plant explosion - Bath, NY - The Courier', '\tFourteen bodies have been recovered at the scene of the West, Texas fertilizer plant explosion, CNN reports. Approximately 200 people were injured and 50 homes were destroyed by the blast on Wednesday, another 60 people are unaccounted for. Authorities have not given an official number of casualties, but some fire officials confirmed deaths on their crews. Five firemen from West, one fireman from Dallas and four emergency responders were among those killed. The cause of the explosion is not yet known, so the area is still being treated as a crime scene. The explosion happened two days before the 20th anniversary of the Waco siege by federal agents that killed 80 members of the Branch Davidian sect. Waco is about 20 miles north of West.', '\t"While perspectives and opinions vary significantly, parents, adults in the Scouting community and teens alike tend to agree that youth should not be denied the benefits of Scouting." -- From a statement from the Boy Scouts of America, who announced a proposal today to lift a ban on gay members, according to the Associated Press.', "Hot video: Malala Yousafzai, Jay-Z, Jimmy Fallon on Time's 100 Most Influential list", '\tFourteen bodies have been recovered at the scene of the West, Texas fertilizer plant explosion, CNN reports. Approximately 200 people were injured and 50 homes were destroyed by the blast on Wednesday, another 60 people are unaccounted for. Authorities have not given an official number of casualties, but some fire officials confirmed deaths on their crews. Five firemen from West, one fireman from Dallas and four emergency responders were among those killed. The cause of the explosion is not yet known, so the area is still being treated as a crime scene. The explosion happened two days before the 20th anniversary of the Waco siege by federal agents that killed 80 members of the Branch Davidian sect. Waco is about 20 miles north of West.', '\t"While perspectives and opinions vary significantly, parents, adults in the Scouting community and teens alike tend to agree that youth should not be denied the benefits of Scouting." -- From a statement from the Boy Scouts of America, who announced a proposal today to lift a ban on gay members, according to the Associated Press.', "Hot video: Malala Yousafzai, Jay-Z, Jimmy Fallon on Time's 100 Most Influential list", '\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThank you for the abuse report.  We will review the report and take appropriate action.', 'Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.']
=======
['Today in the news: At least 14 dead in fertilizer plant explosion - Bath, NY - The Courier', 'Fourteen bodies have been recovered at the scene of the West, Texas fertilizer plant explosion, CNN reports. Approximately 200 people were injured and 50 homes were destroyed by the blast on Wednesday, another 60 people are unaccounted for. Authorities have not given an official number of casualties, but some fire officials confirmed deaths on their crews. Five firemen from West, one fireman from Dallas and four emergency responders were among those killed. The cause of the explosion is not yet known, so the area is still being treated as a crime scene. The explosion happened two days before the 20th anniversary of the Waco siege by federal agents that killed 80 members of the Branch Davidian sect. Waco is about 20 miles north of West.', '"While perspectives and opinions vary significantly, parents, adults in the Scouting community and teens alike tend to agree that youth should not be denied the benefits of Scouting." -- From a statement from the Boy Scouts of America, who announced a proposal today to lift a ban on gay members, according to the Associated Press.', "Hot video: Malala Yousafzai, Jay-Z, Jimmy Fallon on Time's 100 Most Influential list", 'Fourteen bodies have been recovered at the scene of the West, Texas fertilizer plant explosion, CNN reports. Approximately 200 people were injured and 50 homes were destroyed by the blast on Wednesday, another 60 people are unaccounted for. Authorities have not given an official number of casualties, but some fire officials confirmed deaths on their crews. Five firemen from West, one fireman from Dallas and four emergency responders were among those killed. The cause of the explosion is not yet known, so the area is still being treated as a crime scene. The explosion happened two days before the 20th anniversary of the Waco siege by federal agents that killed 80 members of the Branch Davidian sect. Waco is about 20 miles north of West.', '"While perspectives and opinions vary significantly, parents, adults in the Scouting community and teens alike tend to agree that youth should not be denied the benefits of Scouting." -- From a statement from the Boy Scouts of America, who announced a proposal today to lift a ban on gay members, according to the Associated Press.', "Hot video: Malala Yousafzai, Jay-Z, Jimmy Fallon on Time's 100 Most Influential list", 'Thank you for the abuse report.  We will review the report and take appropriate action.', 'Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.']
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
