['   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    ', '\tA fox attacked a four-week-old baby boy inside a south London home and severed one of his tiny fingers on Wednesday.', '\tThe baby was asleep in his crib when a fox entered through an open back door at a home in the borough of Lewisham.', "\tThe infant's mother was home and was alerted to the attack by the baby's screams. She ran to the baby's room, where she discovered he had been dragged from his cot on to the floor and the wild fox had his small hand in its jaw.", '\t"She was obviously in a terrible panic and did what she could to get the fox off, including kicking it. Eventually it did let go but the baby was found with quite serious injuries," said BBC News\' John Andrew.', '\tA neighbor, who declined to be identified, recalled the horrific screams she heard to The Telegraph.', '\t"I heard the mum screaming and shouting and then I heard the baby crying. I ran next door to see what had happened and the mum was hysterical, she could hardly say anything to me," the neighbor said. "But then she kept saying, \'A fox attacked my baby, a fox attacked my baby\'. It all happened so quickly and then the ambulance came."', "\tThe one-month-old was transported to St. Thomas' Hospital, where doctors were able to re-attached his severed finger in an 'extremely difficult' three-hour surgery, according to the Daily Mail. The baby also suffered puncture wounds to his face, but is expected to recover from his injuries.", '\t"We were called at 1638 on Wednesday 6 February by staff at St Thomas\'s Hospital to reports a baby boy who had been admitted to hospital after being attacked by a fox," a spokesperson for the Metropolitan Police told Channel 4 News, "Police attended to find a four-week-old baby with a hand injury. The baby was admitted to hospital after the attack at its home address in Lewisham. Inquiries continue."', '\tBut neighbors say the local public housing authority has moved the mother and her children - an older son and daughter -- to another home.', '\tThe attack has added fuel to an ongoing debate on how to control the fox population in London, and many are looking toward local politicians to take swift action inside their district.', '\t"They may appear cuddly and romantic but foxes are also a pest and a menace, particularly in our cities," London Mayor Boris Johnson told Channel 4 News. "This must serve as a wake-up call to London\'s borough leaders, who are responsible for pest control. They must come together, study the data, try to understand why this is becoming such a problem and act quickly to sort it out."', '\tBut a spokesperson for the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals say foxes attacking humans are uncommon and only do so if they were afraid. Attacks inside a home are even rarer.', '\t"It\'s not typical fox behavior at all. Foxes will come closer to a house if there are food sources. Then they can become quite bold, but they usually do back off and run away when there\'s people around," a RSPCA spokeswoman told the BBC.', '\tMeanwhile, area residents are urged to be mindful when leaving doors or windows open, and to keep their garbage tied up and placed in secure bins.', '\tIn June 2010, twin girls Isabella and Lola Koupparis were mauled by a fox in their Hackney, East London home. The girls were nine-months-old and were also sleeping inside their home at the time of the attack and suffered arm and face injuries.', "      On Thursday, astronomers announced in two different studies that NASA's Kepler telescope had spotted three far-off planets that could potentially support life.     Ke$ha posts nude photo on Instagram     Ke$ha isn't afraid to work her assets. The 26-year-old pop star followed in Rihanna's footsteps on Friday, posting a nude shot of herself to Instagram and Twitter."]