['For true stories that are so mind-blowingly ridiculous, that you could have sworn it was an Onion story ', 'Post articles with their original titles. Posts with altered headlines will be removed and the submitter will be asked to resubmit with the original title. -- Headlines must be copied and pasted from the article, we do not allow any alterations whatsoever as a matter of fairness. - Do not add or remove anything from the headline. Some publications have secondary headlines (aka byliner, flavor text, subheader), only use the primary headline portion.', 'Please review the current posts avoid posting any duplicates. Articles on the same subject matter as previously submitted content will be removed.', "Please consider /r/OffbeatNews, /r/Offbeat, /r/WTF or similar subreddits unless your article truly reads like the Onion wrote it. This is highly subjective; you are encouraged to downvote articles that shouldn't be here, and upvote those that truly read like The Onion. Moderators also have discretion to remove articles that are very unlike an Onion article.", "That is, posts communicating with /r/nottheonion or specific people. The moderators may do this from time to time as needed; otherwise, please don't. If you need to suggest a meta thread, send modmail.", "Mark NSFW stuff! Please remember that bathing suits are NSFW at many workplaces - so it's not about freedom or your workplace (lucky you!) - it's about being nice to your fellow redditors.", 'Refrain from using "crosspost" tags. Submissions containing crosspost tags will be automatically removed and you will be asked to resubmit your link. Also do not append the name of the news organization to the front or rear of the headline, just use the headline only.', 'Always link to source articles whenever possible. If an article mostly lifts from another source that it credits please use the source article unless there is a compelling reason not to. This also means do not submit from blogs.', 'Gawker Media is not a reliable news source, and often exaggerate facts or outright make them up. Do not submit from Gawker sites, they will be automatically removed', 'Submissions cannot be from other satire sites or columns even if they are technically "Not The Onion". Also note "This and That" with CBC and "Borowitz Report" on The New Yorker are satire despite the rest of those publications not being satire', 'Articles from tabloid news sources (i.e. Sun, Mirror, Daily Mail etc) and articles that source and/or quote their news from tabloids are not permitted. Please consider posting those stories those elsewhere.', 'Please link to the regular versions of articles and not the mobile version of articles', "If you remove and repost a news article because you don't think it performed well, it will be removed. You and the domain may be banned. In the case that the news source changed the title, just send a message to the mods and we'll advise as to what to do.", 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']