['Sign up for our newsletter and have the top headlines from your community delivered right to your inbox.', 'Sign up for our newsletter and have the top headlines from your community delivered right to your inbox.', 'Sign up for our newsletter and have the top headlines from your community delivered right to your inbox.', 'Sign up for our newsletter and have the top headlines from your community delivered right to your inbox.', 'Sign up for our newsletter and have the top headlines from your community delivered right to your inbox.', 'Sign up for our newsletter and have the top headlines from your community delivered right to your inbox.', 'Sign up for our newsletter and have the top headlines from your community delivered right to your inbox.', 'Today in the news: At least 14 dead in fertilizer plant explosion    ...   ', "What to Watch: Teen werewolf investigates death in 'Hemlock Grove'    ...   ", "Hot Online: Bombing suspects' uncle: 'I just wish they never existed'    ...   ", 'Today in the news: At least 14 dead in fertilizer plant explosion    ...   ', "What to Watch: Teen werewolf investigates death in 'Hemlock Grove'    ...   ", "Hot Online: Bombing suspects' uncle: 'I just wish they never existed'    ...   ", 'Subscribe to our print edition today and keep up with all the latest news and views from our community.', 'Files lawsuit against NEA, Mexico School District superintendent, board members', 'Sign up for our newsletter and have the top headlines from your community delivered right to your inbox.', "Psychosocial Rehabilitation Worker - Arthur Center/ Options Unlimited is looking for a Psychosocial Rehabilitation Worker (PSRW-II) for our Mexico, MO location. The successful candidate must have a Bachelor's degree in a health related field. Must have experience working with persons with disabilities, the ability to obtain a Class E license, conduct educational groups and have a positive, recovery oriented philosophy. This is a full-time, benefit eligible position. EOE. Submit resume and cover letter to  tmackey@arthurcenter.com  or fax to 573-581-1981.", 'Gasper-Atkinson Truck Plaza, Inc. has a job opening for a full-time bookkeeper position in the main office in Kingdom City, MO. The position is available now and includes competitive pay, paid vacation and holidays. Health insurance, 401(k) plan and complimentary life insurance available. The job requires a general knowledge of basic accounting, with the main emphasis on Accounts payable, Microsoft Word and Excel and a willingness to learn different aspects of the business. Please send resume to gaspers@ktis.net and interviews for potential candidates will be scheduled.', 'Community RNAudrain Developmental Disability Services (ADDS) is seeking a Community RN to assist with administration and ensure that quality of care and medical needs are met in all of our service settings. The Community RN is the medical resource for the agency, working with the individuals served, staff, administration and case managers, providing routine oversight and responding to consultations and referrals. If you are a caring, compassionate RN who would enjoy working in the community with individuals who have a developmental disability, then this position is for you. The responsibilities also include staff development, in-service training, quality assurance, client assessment, credentialing, and competency testing. You will conduct and coordinate policy review, development, and implementation. Need to demonstrate the ability to plan, organize, develop, implement and interpret the programs, goals, objectives, policies and procedures that are necessary for providing quality care. Benefit include health, dental & life insurance, retirement, vacation & sick leave. Submit resume to the attention of Tim Crews at: ADDS, 222 East Jackson St, Mexico, MO 65265 EOE', 'The City of Mexico is accepting applications for the following summer openings in the Park and Recreation Department:Assistant Pool Manager-must be at least 21 years oldLifeguards-must be at least 15 years oldPool Cashiers -must be at least 16 years oldJob descriptions and applications re available at City Hall, Administrative Services Department, 300 North Coal, Mexico, MO 65265 or on our website at www.mexicomissouri.net. Applications will be accepted until positions are filled. The City of Mexico is an AA/EOE/E-Verify/Tobacco free employer.', 'Fresh Ideas Management, LLC is seeking an enthusiastic, qualified cook with several years of proven, progressive experience to join our culinary team at an exciting academic account. This is a full time position, must be available to work occasional evenings and weekends. Please submit a resume to tburton@freshideasfood.com or apply in person at Missouri Military Academy dining hall. Fresh ideas requires successful background check and drug test to be eligible for hire. EOE', 'ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT - Law Firm seeks PT/FT Administrative Assistant. Good organization and people skills are essential. Familiarity with Windows XP, Microsoft Word and dictation. Competitive salary, qualify for SEP/IRA, personal days and vacation. Position available immediately. Please mail resume to: Leonatti & Baker, P.C., P.O. Box 758, Mexico, MO 65265', 'The City of Mexico,MO is accepting applications for the part-time position of Animal Shelter Attendant. The position is responsible for shelter maintenance and animal care. The position requires various weekends and week day hours. Starting wage is $9.36 per hour. The person must like animals, be able to handle a wide variety of domesticated animals, have the ability to deal positively and effectively with the public and handle monies for payment of pet adoptions, impoundments and boarding fees. Application will be accepted until 5:00 PM, April 22, 2013. Applications and job descriptions are available on our website www.mexicomissouri.net or picked up and returned at City Hall, 2nd floor, 300 N. Coal, Mexico, MO 65265. EOE/AAE-Verify/Tobacco free workplace.', 'Westview Nursing Home in Center, MO, Has an opening for a Full Time Night Shift LPN, possibly 12 hour shifts and an Evening Shift CMT. We are a Geriatric/Behavior Facility. For more info Call 573-267-3920, or Email  mhanson@westview-llc.com EOE', "Youth In Need is seeking both a full-time Early Childhood Teacher and a full-time Family Educator for our Head Start/Early Head Start Center/Socialization located in Montgomery City, MO.Teacher responsibilities include creating a safe nurturing and challenging environment for children ages 0-5 and planning curriculum and providing developmentally appropriate activities for the children both individually and as a group. Interested candidates should also have at least 6 months of working with children 0-5. Early Childhood Educators with CDAs, associates degrees and bachelor's-level degrees will be considered. Teacher compensation is as follows; CDA $9.00/hour, AA $11.00/hour, BA $12.98/hour.  To be considered for this opening, a copy of your transcripts or your current CDA (whichever is applicable) MUST be included with your application.Family Educator responsibilities include providing social services and in-home assessment, instruction and training to Head Start eligible families. Family Educator applicants must have a minimum of a AA degree in Education, Social Work or related field, a Bachelor's Degree is preferred. Please include salary requirements with your resume.Fully paid dental, life and disability insurance, health insurance is $20/month for full-time positions. Please send your resume to: 1815 Boone's Lick, St. Charles, MO 63301, fax 636-669-0090 or E-mail to hr@youthinneed.org. Youth In Need strives to be an inclusive workplace. EOE", 'TECHNICIANS WANTEDHeavy truck service dealer is looking for reliable technicians. Must have your own tools. Pay is based on experience. Benefits include Vacation, Health Insurance, and IRA. Please call 573-581-3224 for more info.', 'Position Available: CNA-evenings and nights, full time position. LPN-day shift/evening shift, part time and weekends, RN-PRN status plus weekends. Apply in person at: 1510 Bluff, Fulton, MO 65251.', "Paul's Tree Service - Call for Cheapest Rates in Town. Topping, Low Limbing, Removal, Brush Work. Licensed & Insured. Free Estimates 573-721-5942", 'Gutters 4 Less - Installation of Seamless Gutters. Leaf Guards, Cleaning, Adjustments, Free Estimates. 573-473-1683.', 'Retired Gentleman, Jack of All Trades, Roger Levings. Basement Inspection & Repairs, Carpentry, Decks, Little Plumbing.. etc.  581-4464', "Stop Paying For Cable Every Month. Get Your Local Channels For FREE! Outside Antenna Installation. Available through Allen and Steve's Electronics  581-2474", '*Foundation Repair *New Construction & Remodels *Roofs *Seamless Gutters *Residential & Commercial *Decks, Patios, Dirt Work *Licensed and Insured. Flowmaster Construction. 573-581-1004', '*Commercial & Residential *Sewer Line Camera *Water Heater Installation *Fixtures *Water * Sewer Line Repair or Replacement *Advanced Septic & Lagoon Installations *Licensed and Insured. Flowmaster Plumbing 573-581-1004', '*Decorative & Standard Flatwork *Sidewalks, Patios, Driveways *Decorative Concrete Sealing *Licensed & Insured. Free Estimates, Flowmaster Construction. 573-581-1004', "Scott's Tree Service - Tree Trimming & Removal, Stump Grinding. Licensed & Insured. Free Estimates. 721-4774", 'Tri-County Concrete: Commercial/Residential. All Types Flatwork, Driveways, Sidewalks, Stamped Concrete, Brick Sidewalks. 573-819-7715', 'Dennis R. Taylor Plumbing - Over 40 years experience. Certified to Inspect all Back Flow Devices. All In-House Plumbing. 573-220-0598 Cell, 573-387-4498', 'Affordable Gutter-N-More: Seamless Guttering, Leaf Guards, Siding, Soffit, Fascia, Roofing. Licensed/Insured. 573-819-9818 or 581-1257 (office).', "Null's Tree Service & Logging. 573-473-0762 or 573-582-2097.Safe professional tree care at affordable prices. Best in the Business! Insured! Crane Service Available.", 'Sign up for our newsletter and have the top headlines from your community delivered right to your inbox.']