<<<<<<< HEAD
['Officials wearing tactical gear stand near an armored vehicle as they search an apartment building for one of two suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing, in Watertown, Mass., Friday, April 19, 2013. Two suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing killed an MIT police officer, injured a transit officer in a firefight and threw explosive devices at police during a getaway attempt in a long night of violence that left one of them dead and another still at large Friday, authorities said as the manhunt intensified for a young man described as a dangerous terrorist. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez)By Eileen Sullivan', 'WATERTOWN, Mass. \xe2\x80\x94 SWAT teams in armored vehicles took command of the tense and locked-down streets of Boston and its suburbs Friday in an all-out hunt for the surviving Boston Marathon bombing suspect after his older brother died in a desperate getaway attempt.', 'Law enforcement officials and family members identified the suspects as 19-year-old Massachusetts college student Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, still at large, and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, 26, dead. The ethnic Chechen brothers from Russia lived near Boston and had been in the U.S. for about a decade, an uncle said.', 'In a long night of violence that began Thursday evening, they shot and killed an MIT policeman, severely wounded another officer, and hurled explosives at police during a furious gun battle and car chase, authorities said. Dzokhar Tsarnaev slipped through officers\xe2\x80\x99 fingers in a hail of bullets, running over his wounded brother as he drove off, investigators said.', 'As the manhunt dragged on, the suspects\xe2\x80\x99 uncle Ruslan Tsarni of Montgomery Village, Md., pleaded on television: \xe2\x80\x9cDzhokhar, if you are alive, turn yourself in and ask for forgiveness.\xe2\x80\x9d', 'The search by thousands of law enforcement officers all but paralyzed the Boston area. Officials shut down all mass transit, including Amtrak trains to New York, advised businesses not to open, and warned close to 1 million people in the entire city and some of its suburbs to stay inside and unlock their doors only for uniformed police.', '\xe2\x80\x9cWe believe this man to be a terrorist,\xe2\x80\x9d Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis said. \xe2\x80\x9cWe believe this to be a man who\xe2\x80\x99s come here to kill people.\xe2\x80\x9d', 'Some neighborhoods resembled a military encampment, with officers patrolling with guns drawn and aimed, residents peering nervously from windows and people near surrounded buildings spirited away.', 'The bloody turn in the case came just hours after the FBI released photos and video of two suspects in the bombing and asked for the public\xe2\x80\x99s help in identifying and catching them.', 'Authorities said the man dubbed Suspect No. 1 \xe2\x80\x94 the one in sunglasses and a dark baseball cap in the surveillance-camera pictures \xe2\x80\x94 was Tamerlan Tsarnaev, while Suspect No. 2, the one in a white baseball cap worn backwards, was his brother.', 'The bombings on Monday near the Boston Marathon finish line killed three people and wounded more than 180, tearing off limbs in a spray of shrapnel and sparking fears across the nation that another terrorist attack had come to U.S. soil.', 'Chechnya has been the scene of two wars between Russian forces and separatists since 1994, in which tens of thousands were killed in heavy Russian bombing. That spawned an Islamic insurgency that has carried out deadly bombings in Russia and the region, although not in the West.', 'But investigators have shed no light on the motive for the Boston Marathon bombing and said it was unclear whether any terrorist organizations had a hand in it.', 'The FBI was swamped with tips after the release of the photos \xe2\x80\x94 3,000 every second by one estimate \xe2\x80\x94 but what role those played in the overnight clash was unclear. State Police spokesman Dave Procopio said police realized they were dealing with the bombing suspects based on what the two men told a carjacking victim during their getaway attempt.', 'Exactly how the long night of crime began was marked by conflicting reports. But police said the brothers carjacked a man in a Mercedes-Benz in Cambridge, just across the Charles River from Boston, then released him unharmed at a gas station.', 'They also shot to death a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer, 26-year-old Sean Collier, while he was responding to a report of a disturbance, investigators said.', 'The search for the Mercedes led to a chase that ended in Watertown, where authorities said the suspects threw explosive devices from the car and exchanged gunfire with police. A transit police officer, 33-year-old Richard Donohue, was shot and critically wounded, authorities said.', 'Dzhokhar Tsarnaev somehow slipped away. He ran over his already wounded brother as he fled by car, according to two law enforcement officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the investigation.', 'Tamerlan Tsarnaev died at a Boston hospital after suffering what doctors said were multiple gunshot wounds and a possible blast injury.', 'The brothers had built an arsenal of pipe bombs, grenades and improvised explosive devices and used some of the weapons in trying to make their getaway, said Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger, D-Md., a member of the House Intelligence Committee.', 'Another uncle, Alvi Tsarnaev, who also lives in Montgomery Village, Md., told news organizations that Tamerlan Tsarnaev had called him Thursday night \xe2\x80\x94 hours before his firefight with police \xe2\x80\x94 and the two spoke for the first time in two or three years. He said the young man asked for forgiveness for the rift in the family.', 'Watertown resident Kayla Dipaolo said she was woken up overnight by gunfire and a large explosion that sounded \xe2\x80\x9clike it was right next to my head \xe2\x80\xa6 and shook the whole house.\xe2\x80\x9d She said she was looking at the front door when a bullet came through the side paneling. SWAT team officers were running all over her yard, she said.', '\xe2\x80\x9cIt was very scary,\xe2\x80\x9d she said. \xe2\x80\x9cThere are two bullet holes in the side of my house, and by the front door there is another.\xe2\x80\x9d', 'Christine Yajko said she heard two loud explosions and gunfire. She said a police officer later knocked on her door and told her there was an undetonated improvised explosive device in the street and warned her to stay away from the windows.', 'Tsarni, the men\xe2\x80\x99s uncle, said the brothers traveled here together from Russia. He called his nephews \xe2\x80\x9closers\xe2\x80\x9d and said they had struggled to settle in the U.S. and ended up \xe2\x80\x9cthereby just hating everyone.\xe2\x80\x9d', 'U.S. government officials, speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not allowed to talk about an investigation in progress, said Tamerlan Tsarnaev traveled to Russia last year and returned to the U.S. six months later.', 'His last known address was in Cambridge, Mass. He had studied accounting as a part-time student at Bunker Hill Community College in Boston for three semesters from 2006 to 2008, the school said.', 'Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was registered as a student at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth. Students said he lived in a dorm there and was on campus this week after the Boston Marathon bombing. The campus closed down Friday along with colleges around the Boston area.', 'The city of Cambridge announced two years ago that it had awarded a $2,500 scholarship to him. At the time, he was a senior at Cambridge Rindge & Latin School, a highly regarded public school whose alumni include Matt Damon, Ben Affleck and NBA Hall of Famer Patrick Ewing.', 'The men\xe2\x80\x99s father, Anzor Tsarnaev, said in a telephone interview with AP from the Russian city of Makhachkala that his younger son, Dzhokhar, is \xe2\x80\x9ca true angel.\xe2\x80\x9d He said his son was studying medicine.', '\xe2\x80\x9cHe is such an intelligent boy,\xe2\x80\x9d the father said. \xe2\x80\x9cWe expected him to come on holidays here.\xe2\x80\x9d', 'According to the FBI, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was seen setting down a bag at the site of the second of two explosions at the marathon finish line.', 'Insurgents from Chechnya and neighboring restive provinces in the Caucasus have long been involved in terrorist attacks in Moscow and other places in Russia.', 'In 2002, Chechen militants took 800 people hostage in Moscow and held them for two days before special forces stormed the building, killing all 41 captors. Also killed were 129 hostages, mostly from the effects of the gas Russian forces used to subdue the attackers.', 'Chechen insurgents also launched a 2004 raid in the southern Russian town of Beslan and took hundreds of hostages. The siege ended in a bloodbath two days later, with more than 330 people, about half of them children, killed.', 'Sullivan and Associated Press writer Stephen Braun reported from Washington. Associated Press writers Pat Eaton-Robb in Boston and Jeff Donn in Cambridge, Mass., contributed to this report.', 'Tweet Articles, photos, and other works by staff of The Baylor Lariat are Copyright \xc2\xa9 Baylor\xc2\xae University. All rights reserved.', ' The Baylor Lariat is owned and published by Baylor University as a service to the Baylor community and as a laboratory newspaper for aspiring journalists. The newspaper is overseen by the Student Publications Board and staff members of the student publications department. New issues appear weekly Tuesday through Friday during the fall and spring semesters and are distributed free on campus. The editor-in-chief and staff are selected through an application and interview process.']
=======
['Officials wearing tactical gear stand near an armored vehicle as they search an apartment building for one of two suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing, in Watertown, Mass., Friday, April 19, 2013. Two suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing killed an MIT police officer, injured a transit officer in a firefight and threw explosive devices at police during a getaway attempt in a long night of violence that left one of them dead and another still at large Friday, authorities said as the manhunt intensified for a young man described as a dangerous terrorist. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez)By Eileen Sullivan', 'WATERTOWN, Mass.  SWAT teams in armored vehicles took command of the tense and locked-down streets of Boston and its suburbs Friday in an all-out hunt for the surviving Boston Marathon bombing suspect after his older brother died in a desperate getaway attempt.', 'Law enforcement officials and family members identified the suspects as 19-year-old Massachusetts college student Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, still at large, and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, 26, dead. The ethnic Chechen brothers from Russia lived near Boston and had been in the U.S. for about a decade, an uncle said.', 'In a long night of violence that began Thursday evening, they shot and killed an MIT policeman, severely wounded another officer, and hurled explosives at police during a furious gun battle and car chase, authorities said. Dzokhar Tsarnaev slipped through officers fingers in a hail of bullets, running over his wounded brother as he drove off, investigators said.', 'As the manhunt dragged on, the suspects uncle Ruslan Tsarni of Montgomery Village, Md., pleaded on television: Dzhokhar, if you are alive, turn yourself in and ask for forgiveness.', 'The search by thousands of law enforcement officers all but paralyzed the Boston area. Officials shut down all mass transit, including Amtrak trains to New York, advised businesses not to open, and warned close to 1 million people in the entire city and some of its suburbs to stay inside and unlock their doors only for uniformed police.', 'We believe this man to be a terrorist, Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis said. We believe this to be a man whos come here to kill people.', 'Some neighborhoods resembled a military encampment, with officers patrolling with guns drawn and aimed, residents peering nervously from windows and people near surrounded buildings spirited away.', 'The bloody turn in the case came just hours after the FBI released photos and video of two suspects in the bombing and asked for the publics help in identifying and catching them.', 'Authorities said the man dubbed Suspect No. 1  the one in sunglasses and a dark baseball cap in the surveillance-camera pictures  was Tamerlan Tsarnaev, while Suspect No. 2, the one in a white baseball cap worn backwards, was his brother.', 'The bombings on Monday near the Boston Marathon finish line killed three people and wounded more than 180, tearing off limbs in a spray of shrapnel and sparking fears across the nation that another terrorist attack had come to U.S. soil.', 'Chechnya has been the scene of two wars between Russian forces and separatists since 1994, in which tens of thousands were killed in heavy Russian bombing. That spawned an Islamic insurgency that has carried out deadly bombings in Russia and the region, although not in the West.', 'But investigators have shed no light on the motive for the Boston Marathon bombing and said it was unclear whether any terrorist organizations had a hand in it.', 'The FBI was swamped with tips after the release of the photos  3,000 every second by one estimate  but what role those played in the overnight clash was unclear. State Police spokesman Dave Procopio said police realized they were dealing with the bombing suspects based on what the two men told a carjacking victim during their getaway attempt.', 'Exactly how the long night of crime began was marked by conflicting reports. But police said the brothers carjacked a man in a Mercedes-Benz in Cambridge, just across the Charles River from Boston, then released him unharmed at a gas station.', 'They also shot to death a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer, 26-year-old Sean Collier, while he was responding to a report of a disturbance, investigators said.', 'The search for the Mercedes led to a chase that ended in Watertown, where authorities said the suspects threw explosive devices from the car and exchanged gunfire with police. A transit police officer, 33-year-old Richard Donohue, was shot and critically wounded, authorities said.', 'Dzhokhar Tsarnaev somehow slipped away. He ran over his already wounded brother as he fled by car, according to two law enforcement officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the investigation.', 'Tamerlan Tsarnaev died at a Boston hospital after suffering what doctors said were multiple gunshot wounds and a possible blast injury.', 'The brothers had built an arsenal of pipe bombs, grenades and improvised explosive devices and used some of the weapons in trying to make their getaway, said Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger, D-Md., a member of the House Intelligence Committee.', 'Another uncle, Alvi Tsarnaev, who also lives in Montgomery Village, Md., told news organizations that Tamerlan Tsarnaev had called him Thursday night  hours before his firefight with police  and the two spoke for the first time in two or three years. He said the young man asked for forgiveness for the rift in the family.', 'Watertown resident Kayla Dipaolo said she was woken up overnight by gunfire and a large explosion that sounded like it was right next to my head  and shook the whole house. She said she was looking at the front door when a bullet came through the side paneling. SWAT team officers were running all over her yard, she said.', 'It was very scary, she said. There are two bullet holes in the side of my house, and by the front door there is another.', 'Christine Yajko said she heard two loud explosions and gunfire. She said a police officer later knocked on her door and told her there was an undetonated improvised explosive device in the street and warned her to stay away from the windows.', 'Tsarni, the mens uncle, said the brothers traveled here together from Russia. He called his nephews losers and said they had struggled to settle in the U.S. and ended up thereby just hating everyone.', 'U.S. government officials, speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not allowed to talk about an investigation in progress, said Tamerlan Tsarnaev traveled to Russia last year and returned to the U.S. six months later.', 'His last known address was in Cambridge, Mass. He had studied accounting as a part-time student at Bunker Hill Community College in Boston for three semesters from 2006 to 2008, the school said.', 'Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was registered as a student at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth. Students said he lived in a dorm there and was on campus this week after the Boston Marathon bombing. The campus closed down Friday along with colleges around the Boston area.', 'The city of Cambridge announced two years ago that it had awarded a $2,500 scholarship to him. At the time, he was a senior at Cambridge Rindge & Latin School, a highly regarded public school whose alumni include Matt Damon, Ben Affleck and NBA Hall of Famer Patrick Ewing.', 'The mens father, Anzor Tsarnaev, said in a telephone interview with AP from the Russian city of Makhachkala that his younger son, Dzhokhar, is a true angel. He said his son was studying medicine.', 'He is such an intelligent boy, the father said. We expected him to come on holidays here.', 'According to the FBI, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was seen setting down a bag at the site of the second of two explosions at the marathon finish line.', 'Insurgents from Chechnya and neighboring restive provinces in the Caucasus have long been involved in terrorist attacks in Moscow and other places in Russia.', 'In 2002, Chechen militants took 800 people hostage in Moscow and held them for two days before special forces stormed the building, killing all 41 captors. Also killed were 129 hostages, mostly from the effects of the gas Russian forces used to subdue the attackers.', 'Chechen insurgents also launched a 2004 raid in the southern Russian town of Beslan and took hundreds of hostages. The siege ended in a bloodbath two days later, with more than 330 people, about half of them children, killed.', 'Sullivan and Associated Press writer Stephen Braun reported from Washington. Associated Press writers Pat Eaton-Robb in Boston and Jeff Donn in Cambridge, Mass., contributed to this report.', 'Tweet Articles, photos, and other works by staff of The Baylor Lariat are Copyright  Baylor University. All rights reserved.', 'The Baylor Lariat is owned and published by Baylor University as a service to the Baylor community and as a laboratory newspaper for aspiring journalists. The newspaper is overseen by the Student Publications Board and staff members of the student publications department. New issues appear weekly Tuesday through Friday during the fall and spring semesters and are distributed free on campus. The editor-in-chief and staff are selected through an application and interview process.']
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
