['Animal rights groups have been critical of the scene, which showed the animal being machine-gunned to death.', 'THE COUNTRYS JUNIOR doctors began their one day strike at 7am after efforts to resolve their dispute with the HSE failed.', 'More than 12,000 out-patient consultant appointments and 3,000 elective surgeries are cancelled. However, emergency departments are open.', 'The doctors want an end to 24 hour shifts, as set out under EU law, and a reduction of their working week to 48 hours.', "Poll Results:Yes. They were left with no other option.No. They should try again to settle it through talks.I don't have an opinion either way.Vote", 'Ettie Higgins works to deliver lifesaving assistance to children and babies caught up in the violence across Syria. She tells of the ongoing battle to survive in almost impossible conditions faced by families.', 'While the pressures on young doctors are unique, Government decisions have focused the worst effects of the crisis on workers who are 35 and under across all sectors, write Dan Hayden and Dr Antoine Murray.', 'Hundreds are feared dead after a ship carrying asylum-seekers sank in the Mediterranean  yet many Europeans, who have endured histories of emigration, have simply hardened their hearts to the tragedy, writes Fr Bobby Gilmore.', 'Until Peter Medawars ground-breaking article 60 years ago, the idea of using one persons body parts to save the life of another was little more than science fiction, writes Prof Daniel M. Davis.', 'Irelands vibrant tech scene offers young Irish people a wealth of opportunities. Stephen McIntyre  Twitters Head of Sales/Operations for Europe, Middle East and Africa  shares some industry tips.', 'Britney Spears and Aaron Paul want to dance together, bitch its The Dredge', 'Ettie Higgins works to deliver lifesaving assistance to children and babies caught up in the violence across Syria. She tells of the ongoing battle to survive in almost impossible conditions faced by families.', 'While the pressures on young doctors are unique, Government decisions have focused the worst effects of the crisis on workers who are 35 and under across all sectors, write Dan Hayden and Dr Antoine Murray.', 'Hundreds are feared dead after a ship carrying asylum-seekers sank in the Mediterranean  yet many Europeans, who have endured histories of emigration, have simply hardened their hearts to the tragedy, writes Fr Bobby Gilmore.', 'Unions to mount intensive political campaign against emergency financial law', 'Quinn on Budget 2014: We want to minimise the suffering as quickly as we can', 'Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy.', 'News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press.', 'Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites.']