['65 per cent of packaging will be covered by warnings as opposed to the 75 per cent advocated by anti-tobacco lobby and the 50 per cent pushed for by those in the industry.', 'THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT has voted for a compromise deal that will see health warnings on tobacco products covering 65 per cent of packaging.', 'The deal is in line with what was advocated by Taoiseach Enda Kenny and Health Minister James Reilly who yesterday wrote a letter to MEPs urging for warnings not to bewatered down to 50per cent of the front and back.', 'Todays vote has also rejected a proposed ban on slim cigarettes. Menthol cigarettes will be banned but the introduction on the ban will be delayed for five years. A decision on reclassifying e-cigarettes as pharmaceutical products will be delayed.', 'Minister Reilly welcomed todays vote as a good day for the children and young people of Europe saying that MPs had resisted intense pressure from tobacco industry lobbyist to cut the warnings to just 50 per cent.', 'Reilly added that the 65 per cent proposal came as a result of a directive agreed under the Irish presidency of the EU.', 'Irish MEP Sen Kelly said following the vote that he was pleased with the ban on menthol cigarettes but was disappointed by the transitional period before its adoption. He has said that these cigarettes in particular can be used as a method of enticing younger people into smoking.', 'Speaking to Karen Coleman fromradioep.ie ahead of the vote, Kelly outlined what Irish representatives wanted:', 'We want a very clear stark warning on the packets showing the dangers of tobacco, we want it at the top of the package, not at the bottom because if its at the bottom of the package at the point of sale that can be hidden.', 'The tobacco industry has been accused of a robust lobbying campaign to influence legislators but Kelly says that the most influential lobbying has come from countries with a financial interest in tobacco:', 'I feel where the real pressure is coming is from member states that grow tobacco that would be mainly in the south or other areas with a large production line. They themselves may feel they be victimised into election time if they are net supporting the industry.', '<iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/tobacco-control-1119309-Oct2013/?embedpost=1119309&width=600&height=460" ></iframe>', '<iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/tobacco-control-1119309-Oct2013/?embedpost=1119309&width=400&height=460" ></iframe>', '<iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/tobacco-control-1119309-Oct2013/?embedpost=1119309&width=300&height=460" ></iframe>', 'They should be looking on educating teenagers on the dangers of tobacco. They can cover the packets with as much warnings as they want but if someone has bought 20 fags, it isnt to look at the warnings on the label.', 'I dont like this heavy handed approach, the only thing that matters is that KIDS under 18 are protected as it would be the wish of any sensible parent and society should support this. If you are an adult you are on your own and free to ingest whatever cr@p you want.', 'Its a bit like the Victorians covering up the legs of furniture and using bathing machines.', 'Women showing their legs? Not even tables could show their legs in Victorian England', 'One presumes that those who supported the 50% idea are the recipients of tobacco industry entertainment? Smacks of Yes Minister !', 'The e-cigarette will be clasified as pharmaceutical, menthols are getting banned.', 'Can there be a similar law brought in, in regards to drinking also? Warning labels and images placed on bottles of alcohol?', 'Such a half assed measure. Banning menthol cigs. Banning products wont work. People who smoke menthol will now smoke normal cigs. Putting more tax on them wont work. Educating people does work and continue on the path to making smoking so socially unacceptable that people will only smoke at home or in their cars. At the end of the day if someone really wants to smoke nobody can stop them', 'Once again the governments of the eu has put peoples health aside in favour of revenue', 'I saw three kids smoking electronic cigarettes on the Luas on Friday night last.  I reckon they were no older than 10 or 11 years old.  To make it worse, they were accompanied by an adult. Unbelievable.', 'Even 50% is too much, you would have to be living under a rock to not know that smoking is harmful , and the pictures are so ridiculous it dilutes the message, comparing cigarettes to heroin and such , its all a farsr', 'No I wouldnt Cpm.  But I dont believe it is right for a child to be smoking any type of cigarette.', 'Ban alcohol too. I for for one dont want my tax money spent on repairing damage done by drunk morons or the extra garda hours. Not to mention the extra cost in healthcare. Ban it :D But like mentioned before, prohibition DOES NOT WORK. Every society ever has had drugs to abuse. Its natural in one sense of completely illogical most of the time.', 'Ban cheese and other fatty foods aswell. Obesity is a bigger burden on our our health system than tobacco and cigarettes, atleast tobacco and alcohol have to the good sense to kill us quickly while lining the coffers of the state with tax revenue. Ban it all  how about you get off your pious pedestal and look at education or pragmatic regulation as alternatives.', 'They should leave it alone and instead use some of the taxes raised from smokers to help pay for smoke cessation methods. If they really wanted people to stop smoking they would have done this years ago. I am off them three months now, but cost me the guts of 500 to quit.', 'Barry, the irony of your statement is that banning fatty foods would probably have a devastating effect on the health of the nation seeing as dietary fats are essential for life. How about looking at education or pragmatic regulation as alternatives.', '@ Keith, but they dont want people to stop smoking, they just have to act like they do so they can justify tax increases etc. Without the revenue from cigarettes, and the premature deaths suffered by smokers reducing pension spend, old age health spend, nursing homes etc. the country would be screwed. Cigs, alcohol & fuel all have highly inelastic demand patterns which make them priceless as revenue raising methods to the state.', 'Britney Spears and Aaron Paul want to dance together, bitch its The Dredge', 'Ettie Higgins works to deliver lifesaving assistance to children and babies caught up in the violence across Syria. She tells of the ongoing battle to survive in almost impossible conditions faced by families.', 'While the pressures on young doctors are unique, Government decisions have focused the worst effects of the crisis on workers who are 35 and under across all sectors, write Dan Hayden and Dr Antoine Murray.', 'Hundreds are feared dead after a ship carrying asylum-seekers sank in the Mediterranean  yet many Europeans, who have endured histories of emigration, have simply hardened their hearts to the tragedy, writes Fr Bobby Gilmore.', 'Unions to mount intensive political campaign against emergency financial law', 'Quinn on Budget 2014: We want to minimise the suffering as quickly as we can', 'Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy.', 'News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press.', 'Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites.', 'TheJournal.ie Latest News FeedEU parliament votes for compromise deal on tobacco control Comments']