["selfserveviewhistorytalkHow does this work?How much does it cost?Creating a promotionHow do I create a promotion?Why do I have to validate my email address?How do I validate my email address?I haven't gotten my validation email!What's an interdomain redirect?Why don't you allow interdomain redirects?Where can I upload an image?How big of an image can I upload?Creating a campaignWhat's a campaign?Can I run multiple campaigns?What if I want to run an ad for a website that hasn't gone live yet?What is the soonest I can create a campaign?Two days!? isn't that a long time?Can I geotarget my ad?Paying for your campaignHow do I pay for my campaign?Why only US, UK, and Canadian credit cards?  Redditors are from everywhere!My link is paid for. What do I do now?Can I change my link?Live linksWhen will my link start running?Why I can't edit my link now that it is live?What Happens if I cancel my live ad? Can I pause a live ad?My ad is doing really well!  How can I extend it?Why did my ad get rejected?Online Self Serve Advertising RulesRulesMore on How the Platform WorksPayment RulesMiscellaneousHow does this work?", 'When you submit an "frontpage" ad, your ad will run on (you guessed it) the front page. You tell us when you want it to run, and how much you want to pay in total over that time period.  Front page ads will also rotate with reddit house ads, and links from the "new" queue of organic user-submitted posts.', '1) Top spot on the subreddit being targeted.  If there is more than one person (or more than one ad) targeted to that subreddit on the same day, your ad will rotate with those ads as well. Delivery is spread evenly throughout the day.', '2) On the front page of a user who is logged in and subscribes to that subreddit. This will rotate with other ads that are targeted to other subreddits that user is subscribed to, along with front page ads.', 'Self-serve ads are on a CPM platform. This means that you are charged a flat fee for every 1,000 impressions you want to receive. Our CPM rate is $0.75, so 75 cents per 1,000 times your ad gets "delivered" (displayed to a redditor). The front page, along with each subreddit has a different amount of impressions it\'s able to deliver. This is known as "inventory". The larger subreddits have more inventory than the smaller subreddits, because they have more traffic and more importantly, more pageviews. If you want to advertise during a period of time when all the inventory has been sold, you\'ll need to choose a different time period, lower your budget, or choose a different subreddit.', "All correspondence about the status of your sponsored link is handled via email. Since your dollars involved, we want to make sure to keep you as up to date as possible on progress. We want to make sure that we are dealing with a real person, or at least a reasonable facsimile of one. We also need a way to reach you in case there's any issue with the ad, as not to delay launch if avoidable.", "Simply fill out the form and click submit. We'll send you an email within a few minutes with a link in it that verifies you are in fact you.", "We ask you for your current password to make sure that someone isn't nefariously trying to change your email address (as it is the only way to get a password reset email).", "It may take a few minutes for your email to be delivered. If you check your spam box and it isn't there, please drop us an email at selfservicesupport@reddit.com and please include your username and a link to your campaign as it'll prevent us from having to email you back asking for it.", 'By "disallowing interdomain redirects" we mean that the top-level domain of the URL you submit should be the same as the final destination of the site.  We don\'t mind intermediate redirects for tracking purposes; we just want to make sure the domain of the link matches the domain of the actual page.', 'It makes our users sad (they feel like they are being lied to) and they will probably take it out on your link.', 'Before you upload an image, you have to submit your title and url and click "next" on the create promotion screen. You\'ll see the option available on the subsequent "edit" screen, scroll down and look for the "look and feel" section. Click "browse", choose the file, and click "upload". Then all the way at the bottom, click "save" and you should see your thumbnail to the left of the title.', 'The thumbnail next to the sponsored link can be as large as 70x70 pixels.  Anything larger than 70 x 70 pixels will be automatically resized to fit in that area.  PNG format images are preferred. JPG format images are also allowed.', "A campaign is the smallest unit of displaying a promotion. It provides the start date, stop date, the subreddit you'd like to target, and the total budget. The minimum budget required is $5 per campaign, and the maximum is $9,999. Each campaign can only target one subreddit.", 'Of course you can! That\'s what the "+add new" button is for. There are no restrictions from one campaign to the next, and they can overlap and be a mix of targeted/untargeted. The copy and thumbnail will remain the same, and the vote count and comment section will be centralized into the one promotion.', 'When you create a new campaign, we require a 2 business day grace period before launch.', "Yes it is, but it is only for your protection. All ads are currently approved by hand, by real human people, and we'd hate to have you bank on a date and not get it.  So for new ads, we ask that you schedule a couple of days in advance.", 'Once the link is approved, if you need it to run earlier than scheduled, send us an email with a link to your ad to selfservicesupport@reddit.com. We can try and get your ad live as quickly as we can.', "No. At the moment we are only allowing targeting by subreddit, not by geography. We're working on some feature improvements at the moment, and this is definitely high up on the list!", 'Once you\'ve set up your campaign, click on the "create campaign" button. You\'ll notice that there is now a "pay" button next to the budget you specified. Clicking this will bring you to a page on our secure webserver for entering your credit card details. All credit card processing is done by Authorize.net (we don\'t store your credit card numbers). We accept all major credit cards, but currently have the restriction that they must have US, UK, or Canadian addresses.', "We know. We don't like it either. The reasons are purely legal, and we are working with our lawyers to amend the Terms of Service to include other jurisdictions.", "Sit back and relax. We'll have a look at your link and make sure that everything is in order. If it is, you'll get an email saying that your ad has been approved and we'll keep you posted as it gets charged and later runs live.", "Of course you can (provided it isn't currently running live). Just be aware that when you change it, it'll have to be reapproved. If it is near midnight and it is about to go live imminently, we can't necessarily guarantee we'll get to it in time and you might lose time, so beware.", 'Why do we do it this way?  We want to guarantee everyone gets their 24 hours without having to deal with time-changing funny-business.', 'We will send you an email when we charge your credit card (usually 12-24 hours before the link is to go live), when the link is live, and when it is finished.', "Editing a link at any time dequeues the link and leads to the need for reapproval. Since we don't have an easy way to comp lost time, and can't guarantee that we are available to reapprove your ad as soon as you've changed it, we've disabled edits as long as the link is live.", "That said, if you really need to change something once the link is live, feel free to email us at selfservicesupport@reddit.com and we'll make the edit for you.", 'At the moment, we have no easy way to pro-rate ads if they are paused or canceled mid day. You can email selfservicesupport@reddit.com with takedown or pause requests, and we will do our best to work with you on a fix.', 'You can\'t edit a campaign once it is running, but you can add new campaigns. If you\'d like to extend a running ad, just create a campaign that starts immediately after the current one ends and it will run uninterrupted. To do this, visit your campaigns dashboard (the "edit" link under the ads\' title), and click the "+ add new" button.', "If you'd like to increase traffic to a running ad, just add an overlapping campaign (with the restriction that the new campaign start no sooner than tomorrow).", 'reddit.com makes no representations or warranties and there are no conditions of any kind, express or implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to this self serve advertising program or the advertising offered through this self serve advertising program, including without limitation:', 'implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement;', 'any obligation, liability, right, claim or remedy in tort, whether or not arising from the negligence of Reddit.com.', 'This self serve advertising program is open to any person who has reached the age of majority.', 'You are prohibited from using any method, mechanism, device or software to affect the proper functioning of this self serve advertising program or website. reddit.com may, at its sole discretion and without notice, terminate the right of any participant in this self serve advertising program or user of the website to participate in this self serve advertising program or use the website.', 'This self serve advertising program is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations regarding participation in this self serve advertising program and use of the website.', 'For any service or technical issues in connection with this self serve advertising program, please contact reddit.com at the following email address:  selfservicesupport@reddit.com', 'Advertisers may pay for inventory available advertising space to be displayed on reddit.com. The size and placement of the advertisements shall be offered and determined by reddit.com on a case by case basis. Transactions must range between a minimum of $5.00 and a maximum of $9,999.99.', 'Advertisers shall send all advertising copy to be displayed on reddit.com to reddit.com at the time of placing a payment for its prior approval at least two (2) business days before the requested display date.  reddit.com will either approve or reject such advertisement within two (2) business days after receipt of such advertisement. reddit.com may, at its sole discretion, extend the timeframe of this approval process to the extent it is working with Advertisers to obtain acceptable advertisements.', 'reddit.com reserves the right, at its sole discretion and without notice, to extend, terminate or modify this self serve advertising program at its sole discretion, including but not limited to in the event of unforeseen technical difficulties that alter the proper functioning of the self serve advertising program. ', 'Payment may be placed online 24 hours per day on reddit.com (with the exception of technical difficulties, regularly scheduled maintenance and/or force majuere events). ', 'It is your responsibility to monitor the outcome and status of your ad on reddit.com.', "reddit.com is not responsible for any payments that are lost, misdirected, incomplete or illegible, or for failed, partial or garbled computer transmissions, or for technical failures of any kind including, but not limited to, malfunctioning of any network, hardware or software, which may limit a bidder's ability to participate in this self serve advertising program. Proof of sending will not be proof of receipt by Reddit.com.  Reddit.com is not responsible for any online, long distance telephone, or other charges you may incur in connection with participating in this self serve advertising program.", 'During and after this self serve advertising program, you may receive emails or other messages confirming payments you place. These communications are for informational purposes only. Their transmission or omission do not constitute any change in the status of your bid or those of other bidders. Only the record of bids on Reddit.com constitutes the true bid record.', "If you fail to comply with these rules, including the obligation to make full payment of the total purchase price within the time limits and terms set out herein, in addition to other remedies available to reddit.com, you not only will remain obligated for your bid amount, you also will be obligated to pay all attorney's fees and costs incurred to enforce payment of these amounts.", 'All information collected in connection with this self serve advertising program shall be subject to the Privacy Policy set forth on reddit.com and incorporated herein.', 'When you submit an "frontpage" ad, your ad will run on (you guessed it) the front page. You tell us when you want it to run, and how much you want to pay in total over that time period.  Front page ads will also rotate with reddit house ads, and links from the "new" queue of organic user-submitted posts.', '> 1) Top spot on the subreddit being targeted.  If there is more than one person (or more than one ad) targeted to that subreddit on the same day, your ad will rotate with those ads as well. Delivery is spread evenly throughout the day.', '> 2) On the front page of a user who is logged in and subscribes to that subreddit. This will rotate with other ads that are targeted to other subreddits that user is subscribed to, along with front page ads.', 'Self-serve ads are on a CPM platform. This means that you are charged a flat fee for every 1,000 impressions you want to receive. Our CPM rate is $0.75, so 75 cents per 1,000 times your ad gets "delivered" (displayed to a redditor). The front page, along with each subreddit has a different amount of impressions it\'s able to deliver. This is known as "inventory". The larger subreddits have more inventory than the smaller subreddits, because they have more traffic and more importantly, more pageviews. If you want to advertise during a period of time when all the inventory has been sold, you\'ll need to choose a different time period, lower your budget, or choose a different subreddit.', "Visit [this link](http://www.reddit.com/promoted/new_promo/) to begin building your ad. You'll need:", "All correspondence about the status of your sponsored link is handled via email. Since your dollars involved, we want to make sure to keep you as up to date as possible on progress. We want to make sure that we are dealing with a real person, or at least a reasonable facsimile of one. We also need a way to reach you in case there's any issue with the ad, as not to delay launch if avoidable.", "Simply fill out the form and click submit. We'll send you an email within a few minutes with a link in it that verifies you are in fact you.", "We ask you for your current password to make sure that someone isn't nefariously trying to change your email address (as it is the only way to get a password reset email).", "It may take a few minutes for your email to be delivered. If you check your spam box and it isn't there, please drop us an email at [selfservicesupport@reddit.com](mailto://selfservicesupport@reddit.com) and please include your username and a link to your campaign as it'll prevent us from having to email you back asking for it.", 'By "disallowing interdomain redirects" we mean that the top-level domain of the URL you submit should be the same as the final destination of the site.  We don\'t mind intermediate redirects for tracking purposes; we just want to make sure the domain of the link matches the domain of the actual page.', 'It makes our users sad (they feel like they are being lied to) and they will probably take it out on your link.', 'Before you upload an image, you have to submit your title and url and click "next" on the create promotion screen. You\'ll see the option available on the subsequent "edit" screen, scroll down and look for the "look and feel" section. Click "browse", choose the file, and click "upload". Then all the way at the bottom, click "save" and you should see your thumbnail to the left of the title.', 'The thumbnail next to the sponsored link can be as large as 70x70 pixels.  Anything larger than 70 x 70 pixels will be automatically resized to fit in that area.  PNG format images are preferred. JPG format images are also allowed.', "A campaign is the smallest unit of displaying a promotion. It provides the start date, stop date, the subreddit you'd like to target, and the total budget. The minimum budget required is $5 per campaign, and the maximum is $9,999. Each campaign can only target one subreddit.", 'Of course you can! That\'s what the "+add new" button is for. There are no restrictions from one campaign to the next, and they can overlap and be a mix of targeted/untargeted. The copy and thumbnail will remain the same, and the vote count and comment section will be centralized into the one promotion.', 'When you create a new campaign, we require a 2 business day grace period before launch.', "Yes it is, but it is only for your protection. All ads are currently approved by hand, by real human people, and we'd hate to have you bank on a date and not get it.  So for new ads, we ask that you schedule a couple of days in advance.", 'Once the link is approved, if you need it to run earlier than scheduled, send us an email with a link to your ad to [selfservicesupport@reddit.com](mailto://selfservicesupport@reddit.com). We can try and get your ad live as quickly as we can.', "No. At the moment we are only allowing targeting by subreddit, not by geography. We're working on some feature improvements at the moment, and this is definitely high up on the list!", 'Once you\'ve set up your campaign, click on the "create campaign" button. You\'ll notice that there is now a "pay" button next to the budget you specified. Clicking this will bring you to a page on our secure webserver for entering your credit card details. All credit card processing is done by Authorize.net (we don\'t store your credit card numbers). We accept all major credit cards, but currently have the restriction that they must have US, UK, or Canadian addresses.', "We know. We don't like it either. The reasons are purely legal, and we are working with our lawyers to amend the Terms of Service to include other jurisdictions.", "Sit back and relax. We'll have a look at your link and make sure that everything is in order. If it is, you'll get an email saying that your ad has been approved and we'll keep you posted as it gets charged and later runs live.", "Of course you can (provided it isn't currently running live). Just be aware that when you change it, it'll have to be reapproved. If it is near midnight and it is about to go live imminently, we can't necessarily guarantee we'll get to it in time and you might lose time, so beware.", 'Why do we do it this way?  We want to guarantee everyone gets their 24 hours without having to deal with time-changing funny-business.', 'We will send you an email when we charge your credit card (usually 12-24 hours before the link is to go live), when the link is live, and when it is finished.', "Editing a link at any time dequeues the link and leads to the need for reapproval. Since we don't have an easy way to comp lost time, and can't guarantee that we are available to reapprove your ad as soon as you've changed it, we've disabled edits as long as the link is live.", "That said, if you really need to change something once the link is live, feel free to email us at [selfservicesupport@reddit.com](mailto://selfservicesupport@reddit.com) and we'll make the edit for you.", 'At the moment, we have no easy way to pro-rate ads if they are paused or canceled mid day. You can email [selfservicesupport@reddit.com](mailto://selfservicesupport@reddit.com) with takedown or pause requests, and we will do our best to work with you on a fix.', 'You can\'t edit a campaign once it is running, but you can add new campaigns. If you\'d like to extend a running ad, just create a campaign that starts immediately after the current one ends and it will run uninterrupted. To do this, visit your campaigns dashboard (the "edit" link under the ads\' title), and click the "+ add new" button.', "If you'd like to increase traffic to a running ad, just add an overlapping campaign (with the restriction that the new campaign start no sooner than tomorrow).", 'reddit.com makes no representations or warranties and there are no conditions of any kind, express or implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to this self serve advertising program or the advertising offered through this self serve advertising program, including without limitation:', '*   implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement;', '*   any obligation, liability, right, claim or remedy in tort, whether or not arising from the negligence of Reddit.com.', 'This self serve advertising program is open to any person who has reached the age of majority.', 'You are prohibited from using any method, mechanism, device or software to affect the proper functioning of this self serve advertising program or website. reddit.com may, at its sole discretion and without notice, terminate the right of any participant in this self serve advertising program or user of the website to participate in this self serve advertising program or use the website.', 'This self serve advertising program is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations regarding participation in this self serve advertising program and use of the website.', 'For any service or technical issues in connection with this self serve advertising program, please contact reddit.com at the following email address: [ selfservicesupport@reddit.com](mailto://selfservicesupport@reddit.com)', 'Advertisers may pay for inventory available advertising space to be displayed on reddit.com. The size and placement of the advertisements shall be offered and determined by reddit.com on a case by case basis. Transactions must range between a minimum of $5.00 and a maximum of $9,999.99.', 'Advertisers shall send all advertising copy to be displayed on reddit.com to reddit.com at the time of placing a payment for its prior approval at least two (2) business days before the requested display date.  reddit.com will either approve or reject such advertisement within two (2) business days after receipt of such advertisement. reddit.com may, at its sole discretion, extend the timeframe of this approval process to the extent it is working with Advertisers to obtain acceptable advertisements.', 'reddit.com reserves the right, at its sole discretion and without notice, to extend, terminate or modify this self serve advertising program at its sole discretion, including but not limited to in the event of unforeseen technical difficulties that alter the proper functioning of the self serve advertising program. ', 'Payment may be placed online 24 hours per day on reddit.com (with the exception of technical difficulties, regularly scheduled maintenance and/or force majuere events). ', 'It is your responsibility to monitor the outcome and status of your ad on reddit.com.', "reddit.com is not responsible for any payments that are lost, misdirected, incomplete or illegible, or for failed, partial or garbled computer transmissions, or for technical failures of any kind including, but not limited to, malfunctioning of any network, hardware or software, which may limit a bidder's ability to participate in this self serve advertising program. Proof of sending will not be proof of receipt by Reddit.com.  Reddit.com is not responsible for any online, long distance telephone, or other charges you may incur in connection with participating in this self serve advertising program.", 'During and after this self serve advertising program, you may receive emails or other messages confirming payments you place. These communications are for informational purposes only. Their transmission or omission do not constitute any change in the status of your bid or those of other bidders. Only the record of bids on Reddit.com constitutes the true bid record.', "If you fail to comply with these rules, including the obligation to make full payment of the total purchase price within the time limits and terms set out herein, in addition to other remedies available to reddit.com, you not only will remain obligated for your bid amount, you also will be obligated to pay all attorney's fees and costs incurred to enforce payment of these amounts.", 'All information collected in connection with this self serve advertising program shall be subject to the [Privacy Policy](http://www.reddit.com/help/privacypolicy) set forth on reddit.com and incorporated herein.', 'The [User Agreement](http://www.reddit.com/help/useragreement/) set forth on Reddit.com is incorporated herein.', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']