['U.S. News5 Things to Know This MorningPolitical Newcomer Faces Off Against...New Video Shows Van in Missing Mich....NYC Cookie Monster Rejects Plea DealFBI in NJ to Announce Cuba Fugitive Case...WATCH VIDEO:  U.S.  &raquoMarathon Last Day of Testimony In...Ice Cream Truck Turf War Turns...More U.S. HeadlinesPolice, Politicians Push Surveillance...Navy Unveils First Squadron of DronesQuotations of the DayFinal Section of WTC Spire to Be AddedRI to Become 10th State Allowing Gay...In The NewsWeather NewsBarack ObamaImmigration ReformCrime News', 'Maria Zuniga, left, and Hector Cupich Quinones are shown in their booking photos.  (Richardson PD)', 'A deaf Texas couple have been charged in the beating death of their 5-month-old daughter who was allegedly killed after an argument about who would care for the crying infant.', 'Hector Rene Cupich-Quinones, 35, and Maria Guadalupe Zuniga, 37, of Richardson, Texas, have been arrested and charged in the death of their baby. Both parents are deaf and mute.', '"It\'s sort of been my understanding that they can somehow detect or feel these vibrations and stuff like that and you still have some hearing, but not something to where you can make out anything," Richardson Police Sgt. Kevin Perlich told ABCNews.com. "They could sense when the child was upset and crying."', '"Anybody would  know if a child was crying or not," Philadelphia Children\'s Hospital pediatrician Dr. Cindy Christian told ABCNews.com. There are the tears and the babies make faces, so there are visual cues to crying aside from the sound.', "Christian said that for deaf parents the trigger for frustration could be seeing the baby constantly crying or feeling the baby's distress when they hold the child.", '"People who can hear would think that if you couldn\'t hear the crying, it would be less frustrating because what triggers us it that sound," Christian said. "It was probably something about what that baby was doing that triggered the same frustration and those feelings [in the deaf parents]."', 'Richardson PDMaria Zuniga, left, and Hector Cupich Quinones are shown in their booking photos.', 'Police Officer Fired for Using Trayvon Martin Shooting Targets Watch Video', 'Cupich-Quinones has been charged with capital murder and Zuniga has been charged with injury to a child.', 'Richardson police responded to a report of an unresponsive child around 5:30 a.m. on Sunday. When they arrived, the father had the child in his arms and the baby was "pale, not breathing, and had bruises on her arms," according to a police search warrant.', 'The officer performed CPR until paramedics arrived and took the child to a hospital. The hospital reported that the child had suffered "massive trauma to back of the head, bruising to the child\'s back, chest, and both arms," according to the warrant.', '"It was pretty bad, certainly something children shouldn\'t have to go through," Perlich said. He did not know if the child was deaf.', 'In an initial interview, using an interpreter, Cupich-Quinones told police he had gotten up around 3 a.m. to get a drink of water and noticed the child lying on the living room floor near the small day bed the baby slept in. He said the child was faint of breath so he woke up his wife and eventually contacted their interpreter who called the police.', 'Another deaf man who lived at the house, Charles Niel, indicated to police that their search should include the backyard where there were beer cans and whiskey bottles.', '"Niel pointed at the couple and then put his hand to his mouth indicating they had been drinking," the police report said. Police found the beer cans, whiskey bottles and other containers of alcoholic beverages at the house, according to the search warrant.', 'When the couple were brought to the police station for additional interviews, police said Cupich-Quinones voluntarily waived his rights and agreed to answer questions.', 'He allegedly told police that he and his wife had been drinking and had gotten "into an argument over the child crying."', 'He said he tried to give the child to Zuniga but she was "too intoxicated" and would not take the child.', 'Ill. Man Allegedly Killed Five, Spared One Child5 Dead in Seattle Shooting SpreeBombers Also Planned NY Attack, Cops SayVideo Shows Police HQ Shooting: ReportAlleged Killer of 5 People Carried One Child to SafetySeattle-Area Shooting Leaves 5 Dead', 'Do you have more information about this topic?  If so, please click here to contact the editors of ABC News.', 'Javascript is not enabled on your browser. Please enable javascript to use the community features on this page. If your browser does not support javascript, please visit our browser upgrade page for a list of supported web browsers.', 'External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites.  Copyright  2013 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network']