['html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd"', 'The protesters were urging lawmakers to record a committee vote on Senate Bill 237, which would ban employment discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity in Texas. Thelesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights group sent about a dozen members from around the state to three conservative members offices of the Economic Development Committee, including chairman Sen. Bob Deuell, R-Greenville.', 'Protesters from the group GetEqual Tx in a senators office before being arrested Wednesday. (Photo courtesy Kit OConnell)', 'This is only the beginning of actions to come, said Michael Diviesti, state organizer for GetEqual Texas. Each passing day there is more people that have the chance to be discriminated against. Our community cannot afford to wait two more years for next session.', 'About 9 a.m., three members of the group entered Deuells office and chanted protests and urged a vote, staff members said. Dept. of Public Safety officers were notified but not asked to force the individuals to leave until about 9:45 a.m., when a criminal trespassing notice was issued, said Diviesti.', 'Upon refusal, three members of the LGBT group were arrested. Two other members protesting in Sen. Kelly Hancocks office were subsequently arrested, DPS officials confirmed.', 'Diviesti said the groups lawyer is at the Travis County jail discussing charges with officials. The DPS office confirmed the five individuals were charged withcriminaltrespassing, a Class Bmisdemeanors.', 'Don Forse, chief of staff for Deuell, said there is not a vote scheduled on the bill. He said members of the group delivered a flyer Friday threatening a non-violent protest and sit-in today if the committee did not vote on the bill this week.', 'The group began a social media campaign more than two weeks ago and banners targeting Sen. Brian Birdwell, R-Granbury, were dropped over bridges on I-35 last week, Diviesti said.', 'C.D. Kirven from Dallas, Koby Ozias from Corpus Christi, Jennifer Falcon from San Antonio and Tiffani Bishop from Austin were among those arrested, Diviesti said.', 'New technology allows professors to track whether students are reading their textbooks', 'Ted Nugent joins other big names such as Governor Rick Perry, Senator Ted Cruz, pundit Sarah Pali', 'Home-state favorites: Sheila Jackson Lee and Louie Gohmert most reliant on Texas donations', 'html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd"', "The Houston Chronicle is the premier local news provider for the country's 4th largest city.", "Currently the nation's sixth-largest newspaper, the Houston Chronicle is a multimedia company publishing print and online products in English and Spanish that reach millions of people each month. The Houston Chronicle is owned by the Hearst Corporation.", 'Place a targeted ad in a speciality section such as a weekly or neighborhood publication', 'Get home delivery, manage your subscription, pay your bill with EZ Pay, and set a vacation hold for the paper', "Want to share a story idea with us? Know something we don't? Complete the form below to send us a news tip."]