["We are NOT /r/fatpeoplehate or /r/fatpeopleobservations or /r/storywithafatpersoninit. It'll get removed regardless of how long you spent typing it up. This isn't /r/reactiongifs either. Repeat offenders will be banned. ", 'No linking to other parts of Reddit. In regards to other blogs, take screenshots instead of linking directly or it will get pulled.', "We ALWAYS want to hear more stories, none of this 'let me know if you want to hear more' stuff.", 'This is Thin Privilege/similar Tumblr posts are only allowed on Thin Privilege Thursdays, and they must be prefixed with [TP] in the title. ', 'Fat2Fit Fridays are is a day for our former/soon to be former hamplanets to host an AMA of sorts (with mod approval) about your journey.', "If you're writing a multi-part or related stories in separate posts, link to the other stories at the beginning of your post.", "If you don't see your post show up in the queue after 15 minutes, message the mods with the link. It may have been caught in the spam filter.", 'Greentext by putting a ">" before each line, and then hit enter twice for each line break. ', "It's all not always fun and games, be prepared to experience all spectrums of rage, lols, and feels. And expect to be permanently forever grossed out.", 'This sub is a place for you to tell us about hamplanets in your life and your relationships/encounters with them. Remember that hamplanet is not just about the weight, but also the hamentality - rudeness, entitlement, fatlogic, etc. Not all fat people are hambeasts but all hambeasts are fat people. ', 'Please adhere to Reddiquette along with our community rules, which can be found at the top of the sidebar. ', "Here's a collection of FPS series. Should give you an idea of what a good FPS is. Big thanks to /u/afterbang for compiling the list.", "To the hambeasts here who no longer wish to be one? Here's a good place to start! ", 'Big thanks to /u/afterbang for this post full of juicy resources for those who dont know where to begin loving your body!', 'Most of the stories and information posted here may very well be artistic works of fiction and falsehood. Only a fool would take anything posted here as fact.', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']