['See a post that violates the rules below? Had your post stuck in the spam filter? Have a question about policy? Just want to give feedback? Send the mod team a message.', 'Please post news items only, with the exception of meta posts about /r/news itself. Self-posts aggregating news data and "independent reporting" each count as news, but are not an excuse to editorialize.', "If your post doesn't fit, consider finding an appropriate news article on that story to submit instead, or submitting yours to lower moderation subreddits:", '/r/FoodForThought - discussion-worthy long form articles about interesting subjects', 'or check out the 200 most active subreddits, categorized by content and the full list of subreddits by activity.', "They're the focal point of power for some of the largest, most powerful organizations in the world, and can do a lot of damage before the board checks their power.", "And would it be unconstitutional to say that EVERY state needs Congress' permission to change the voting requirements for federal elections?", 'It is unlikely that any of these scenarios would apply to any particular individual. It is a 100% certainty that scenarios like this will occur. ', 'So, Green and Jackson, who were in fact capable and certified to help this woman, instead ran out of the coffee shop to avoid being busted for sneaking out of work, leaving a pregnant woman to die. ', "They are (or in Green's case were) two disgusting people. Green got what was coming to him the year after and I only wish shoplifting came with a stiffer sentence like cutting off Jackson's hands, since she's apparently not using them for anything good.", 'if his intention was simply to open a conversation about communication crackdowns.....why has he chosen Russia or China as his refuge and not used his public spotlight to mention a single instance of their horrible track records?  keeep hammmerin america, imean the rusisans, cubans, ecuadorians and the chinese love human rights and freedoms of the press and rights to assemble', "As an Oregonian, I'm pretty happy with our senators.  They aren't perfect, but they look pretty damn great compared to the rest of the bunch.", 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']