['Federal judge rules in favor of Bush Center protestors, calls Dallas picketing ordinance unconstitutionally vague', 'A judge has ruled that protestors can carry signs near N. Central Expressway next week, when the George W. Bush Presidential Center is dedicated. (G.J. McCarthy/Staff photographer)', 'Late Friday, six activists won their battle with the city of Dallas over their plans to protest next weeks opening of the George W. Bush Presidential Center on the SMU campus.', 'In his 12-page ruling, U.S. District Judge Jorge A. Solis ruled that protestors can stage their rally at the SMU-owned Expressway Tower, where the university gave them the OK to gather. He also voided, at least temporarily, the citys ordinance that bans the carrying of signs on, over, or near freeways. Solis said its unconstitutionally vague and therefore unenforceable.', 'How bout that, says Hadi Jawad, one of the organizers of The Peoples Response, which will feature marches, demonstrations and rallies throughout the week. Jawad wasnt aware the judge had granted the temporary restraining order until contacted by The Dallas Morning News Friday evening.', 'As an activist, I learned early on you fight, you lose, you fight, you lose, you fight, you lose, you fight, you lose, you fight, you lose and then you win one, said Jawad. And then you fight, you lose, you fight, you lose all over again. But this is a good day for Dallas and the citizens of Dallas and the Constitution. Its a fantastic feeling.', 'The Peoples Response includes members from various national and local organizations, including the Dallas Peace Center, CODEPINK and Iraq Veterans Against the War, and former talk-show host Phil Donahue is among the myriad scheduled guest speakers.', 'Since streets will be closed during the weeks events, which will feature all the living presidents, SMU gave the group a spot at Expressway Tower. And though its across N. Central, Solis notes in his ruling that the proposed protest area affords Plaintiffs a direct line of sight to the Bush Center.', 'Protestors began meeting with Dallas police a few months ago to coordinate plans. But they were informed that anyone holding a sign on the sidewalk or even near the tower would be held in violation of Section 28-158.1 of the Dallas City Code, which says a person commits an offense if he carries or otherwise displays a sign on, over, or within 75 feet of a freeway. Negotiations with City Hall and Dallas police stalled over the ordinance, which has been on the books since January 1989, and a suit was filed last week to force the issue.', 'The judge ruled that the ordinance is vague and unenforceable, because it says a freeway, for instance, but nothing about that freeways service road.', 'The Court is not convinced that an ordinary person of even extraordinary intelligence would understand that the restricted seventy-five foot sign-free zone actually begins from the outside sidewalk of Central Expressways access road, Solis wrote.  The Court finds that this inconsistent enforcement and the confusion surrounding what constitutes a violation of the Ordinance is a result of its vagueness.', 'As noted above, there is a strong public interest in the freedom of expression, especially as it relates to protest speech, he wrote. Bearing this in mind, the Court finds that the public interest will be served by allowing Plaintiffs to fully exercise their right to engage in speech, including the bearing of signs, along the sidewalk at the proposed protest venue.', 'We have asked the City Attorneys Office for comment, and will update if and when one arrives.', 'THis orfinance has been on the books since 1989, that you cant hodl a sign within 75 feet', 'Bt they just styarted enforcing it recently, Why selectivly enfoce it now. And they said we havent', 'Weve been talking to the police for four months, with the highest levels of policwe officials. Were grateful for them for stayuing engaged with us and talking to us and agreeing to work this out. The police, thought, lept saying ther hands were tied because this law was on thebooks. So Im grateful to the police officials', 'Messages have been left for the attorneys representing the city and the plaintiffs.', "This entry was posted in City Attorney's Office by Robert Wilonsky. Bookmark the permalink.", 'To post a comment, log into your chosen social network and then add your comment below. Your comments are subject to our Terms of Service and the privacy policy and terms of service of your social network. If you do not want to comment with a social network, please consider writing a letter to the editor.', 'City Hall reporters Rudolph Bush and Steve Thompson provide political junkies with in-depth features, breaking news and off-beat tidbits through lively coverage of Dallas government.', "More in City Attorney's OfficeDallas city attorneys say disputed ordinance will not prohibit protestors from picketing Bush Center dedicationAs we noted in today's paper product, six protestors are suing the city of Dallas over an ordinance they say...Close"]