['Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No Immigration', '16 Apr 2013 - We Shall Overcome: Why The Events in Boston Will Make America Stronger', '15 Apr 2013 - Two Confirmed Dead During One Of Our Nations Largest Sporting Events', '13 Apr 2013 - The Culture of Homophobia: Why Were Years Away From Having An Openly Gay Professional Athlete', 'Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No Immigration', 'Follow the crazy ball of conservative logic, in which the bombing/shooting in Boston allegedly by several Chechen immigrants naturally means that we should not pass immigration reform. Thus, we shouldnt implement any kind of gun safety legislation even after repeated mass shootings by white men, but immigration reform should be killed because several immigrants allegedly bombed Boston.', 'Republican Chuck Grassley of Iowa has already sounded the alarms to kill immigration reform because we are not safe:', 'Given the events of this week, its important for us to understand the gaps and loopholes in our immigration system, he said. While we dont yet know the immigration status of the people who have terrorized the communities in Massachusetts, when we find out, it will help shed light on the weaknesses of our system.', 'How can individuals evade authorities and plan such attacks on our soil? he continued. How can we beef up security checks on people who wish to enter the U.S.? How do we ensure that people who wish to do us harm are not eligible for benefits under the immigration laws, including this new bill before us?', 'Well, it might be a good start for Grassley to tell his party to get off of their bums and agree to raise a bit of revenue so we can put an end to the sequester cuts they say wont hurt us, even as those very cuts negatively impact our homeland security resources (including border security  head/desk).', 'The usual suspects weighed in with their reliably right wing Jump to Conclusions Mat Win (h/t Washington Post):', 'I think we can safely say that Rubios amnesty plan is DOA. And should be. Time to tighten, not loosen, immigration policy.', 'Every time a white man goes on a shooting rampage, were told that hes one lone wolf. If he was a white supremacist or anti-government extremist or sick paranoiac who thought the world was ending/Obama was coming for his guns and also listened to Glenn Beck or Fox News, we were told hes a bad apple. If he shot at a Democratic lawmaker after being told over and over again that ObamaCare was going to lead to Death Panels, he was crazy.', 'Let an immigrant or brown-skinned person do any of the above and its justification to mistrust the entire race/religion/ethnicity and implement laws codifying that prejudice/fear.', 'Former National Rifle Association president Marion Hammer tried to suggest in January that banning guns was the same thing as the racial discrimination the GOP so readily engages in, banning people and things because of the way they look went out a long time ago. But here they are again. The color of a gun. The way it looks. Its just bad politics. Right, so no banning of guns based on their color. Just ban the people based on their color/ethnicity/religion.', 'Were also told that guns dont kill, people do (same can be said of bombs, another exceptionally low-brow bumper sticker slogan) and the good guys need guns so they can kill the bad guys (no word on whether all Americans need bombs or tankers yet- stay tuned).', 'Yet, here we have several suspects who reportedly had assault weapons in Boston, the day after the Senate Republicans killed the background checks bill. Well leave aside the allegations that the NRA blocked legislation to trace a chemical used in the marathon bombing, because its a bit more complicated than that  but we already have enough to cause the logic mainframe to self-implode in defeat.', 'The argument for background checks is simple. As it stands now, our laws allow for terrorists to get their hands on weapons of mass destruction legally. Also, gun running  but we know that only bothers the right when theyre pretending to care about the life of an after-born human in order to justify impeaching Obama.', 'The actions of several people are obviously not an accurate reflection of the entire group. But if conservatives are really so concerned about national security that they think we need to shut down our borders, I have to ask how we would pay for that under the sequester cuts to border security, the FBI, FEMA, the National Guard, and more.', 'Republicans need to stand tall for their alleged economic principles that outweigh homeland security on all fronts. When they were in power, you werent allowed to tell an audience that you were ashamed, but now that they are out of power, they are against us at every turn while claiming economic patriotism as a get out of jail free card.', 'Days ago, conservatives were hyperventilating that the parents of murdered Sandy Hook children were politicizing their children by daring to show up to the background check vote. Today, we have conservatives politicizing the actions of a few to indict the many.', 'Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No Immigration was written by Sarah Jones for PoliticusUSA,  Apr. 19th, 2013. All Rights Reserved', 'Related Posts :Initial Reports Suggest That Terrorism Was Behind Boston Marathon Bombing', 'The Boston Marathon is referring to the two explosions that occurred near the finish line as "bombs," wh ...John McCain Faces the Consequences of His Party\'s Fear-Mongering at Town Halls', "Senator John McCain (R-AZ) faced the results of his party's targeting of undocumented immigrants in Ariz ...Racist House Republican Uses Boston Bombing As an Excuse to Kill Immigration Reform", 'Tea Party Republican Rep. Steve King (R-IA) is trying to exploit the bombings in Boston to kill immigrat ...CNN, the AP, and Fox News Get Boston Marathon Bombing Arrest Story Wrong', 'This all started when CNN first reported that law enforcement had identified a suspect, "The breakthroug ...Romney Supporters Illegally Imprisoned at Pennsylvania Campaign Rally', "Citing 'security concerns', Romney supporters were not allowed to leave his Pennsylvania campaign rally ...By Blogsdna", '8 Responses to Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No Immigration', 'It is just impossible to come to grips with the GOP from any angle. As long as they, and their NRA bosses rule America, we are all in serious jeopardy. The November election was a farce and America suffered a coup. Its all over; democracy is dead.What do you think?  2 4', 'Authoritarian personalities notoriously engage in self-preference, hypocrisy, and double-think. If they are followers, their leaders are automatically right *by essence*, and whatever they advocate cannot be gainsaid. If they are the leaderswell, they are often dark triadists, distinguished by sociopathy, narcissism, and Machiavellianism.What do you think?  4 1', 'easily able to masturbate with their guns; no so easy with immigrants. Masturbating with their guns seems to be sole occupationWhat do you think?  2 0', 'one would expect Brian Fisher to again be the party of hate. But unfortunately for him and Ann Coulter these guys were already naturalized citizens. I am sure ann is on suicide watch.', 'You can never catch bank robbers in the planning stage. You can catch people like these two brothers in the planning stage. In this situation all you could do is hope that a explosives sniffing dog was close by very quickly. There is nothing you can do to stop this ever unless youre lucky.', 'But conservatives should be happy, they did have assault rifles and they did shoot at the cops. So they were happily engaged in fighting the government.', 'The GOP has no logic to anything they do. The two guys that did this bombing have nothing to do with immigration. But if there is a bright side to this, the majority of the people in the United States want immigration reform. This will be just one more thing like gun control that the GOP is going to say no on. And thats in our favorWhat do you think?  3 0', 'But the fact that the majority of the people wanted background checks didnt make a difference to our sellout congress-critters. Why do we think immigration would be any different?What do you think?  1 0', 'The only think that can stop a bad immigrant in America is a good immigrant in America. Sounds logical to me.What do you think?  1 1', 'Is there a petition we can start that would send them all for MRIs and CT-Scans? Im quite certain their brains have atrophied from lack of use.What do you think?  1 0', 'Although disheartening, I can understand that when someone is so disastrously stupid that they compare apples to avacados, they wont be able to see their flaw.!st they didnt blow up guns', '2nd according to what I can find, they probably wouldnt have had any trouble passing the proposed background checks. Violence prevention, wether gun or any other, HAS to begin at home with parents! Too many people are not involved enough in their kids lives to teach them right from wrong. Face it, too damned many parents dont have a grasp of proper behavior.What do you think?  0 0', 'You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>', 'Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted!', 'Notice: Comments which contain too many CAPITAL LETTERS will be automatically modified to standard sentence case.', 'Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No Immigration', 'House Republicans Praise Exxon for Arkansas Oil Spill That Taxpayers are Cleaning Up', 'After Calling Sandy Aid Wasteful, Ted Cruz Asks For All Available Resources for Texas', 'djchefron(Moderator) on Glenn Beck Calls for Obamas Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attackfedded-up on Glenn Beck Calls for Obamas Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attackaleda midgarden on Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their LivesPublius Valerius on Glenn Beck Calls for Obamas Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist AttackShiva on Glenn Beck Calls for Obamas Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attack']