['16 Apr 2013 - We Shall Overcome: Why The Events in Boston Will Make America Stronger', '15 Apr 2013 - Two Confirmed Dead During One Of Our Nations Largest Sporting Events', '13 Apr 2013 - The Culture of Homophobia: Why Were Years Away From Having An Openly Gay Professional Athlete', 'Texas state legislators hate the Environmental Protection Agency. Theyve made no secret of their distaste for EPA regulations in their state. Theyll take care of their own business, thank you and please EPA, butt out. Youre nosy agency is costing us jobs and money.', 'Well, an unknown number of citizens of the small town of West, Texas and the surrounding area, will never have to worry about their jobs again. Theyre dead. West Fertilizer Company exploded like a mini-Hiroshima Wednesday night after an initial fire at 7:30 PM morphed into a giant blast. And who knows what the final casualty count may be as the number of injured will most likely exceed even those victimized in the Boston Marathon bombings. Accurate fatality numbers are hard to come by at this time because of the wide-spread nature of the blast and rubble still to be dug through. The numbers range from 8-10, to West Mayor, Tommy Muskas original estimate of 35-36 to as many as 65-70 according to the West Director of Emergency Services, George Smith. Many of the West survivors will never have to worry about their jobs either as their injuries will render them incapable of ever working again.', 'But basically the secession-leaning, Ted Cruz, Rick Perry dumb-ass state of Texas will have triumphed over The Man. After being fined in 2006 for failing to have a risk management assessment that met federal standards and after no Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) inspections for the last five years, the West Fertilizer Company has been self-inspecting. Theyve assured officials that they conduct a safety inspection once a day. And even though the plant stores nearly 25 tons of one of the most dangerous chemicals on the planet, not to worry. The maximum leakage would be 10 minutes with zero injuries or deaths. The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ) was told that the tanks would not pose a danger. Did TCEQ ever follow up? Did they bother to challenge any of the company self-serving conclusions?', 'There are 3 Perry-appointed, full-time TCEQ Commissioners. You might remember that Perry lied when he said more and more scientists were questioning mans contribution to global warming. Toby Baker is one of the Perry Commissioners. He was a former Natural Resources Policy adviser to Texas State Senator Craig Estes. Estes is an Oral Roberts grad who co-authored a draconian voter-ID bill, struck down by the courts and who serves on the board of the Texas Conservative Coalition Research Institute. The Institutes site features a lengthy anti-fed regulation Op-Ed.', 'How proud Paul Ryan and his agency-slashing groupies must be. Their last austerity numbers for OSHA featured a cut of over 20% of the budget; somewhere around $100 million. Like all of his utter fool right-wing colleagues, Ryan believes that leaving worker safety in the hands of private company inspections works just fine.', 'Well, it doesnt. Company owners and top management lie like most extremists Republicans. The tragedy is that it takes a death and injury count approaching 200 (or maybe more) to prove it. Compounding the tragedy is that there are two schools, a nursing home, a hospital, residences and at least one apartment complex (now flattened) to expose the lies.', 'Having come from a rural background, I can assure you that Anhydrous Ammonia (NH3; 1 part nitrogen, 3 parts hydrogen) high concentration nitrogen fertilizer is nothing to mess with (a key component of Tim McVeighs bomb). A drop of the stuff on your arm and youd better have gallons of water to throw on it or youll damn near freeze (or burn) your arm off. In the field, a smart farmer will wear a long-sleeve work shirt, chemical protective tight-fitting goggles, cuffed rubber gloves and a respirator. Thats how potentially dangerous the stuff is.', 'Heres the problem. On paper, it would seem unlikely that stored anhydrous ammonia would represent much of an explosion threat because the gas only ignites at about 20% vapor concentrations. The company swears their tanks were only filled to 85% capacity. All is well and good until something comes along that turns a benign gas into a volatile deadly mixture. And thats what happened in West, Texas Wednesday evening. Experts will be looking for the cause of the rising enabling temperatures. Not to scare the citizenry even more, but theres a minimal chance the explosion could have been intentionally enabled. I doubt thats the case, however.', 'Like the Boston Marathon obscenity, this is still an evolving story. I think youre going to find that early hints of lies, incompetence and greed are going to be pretty much on the mark. So, due largely to the intransigence of Republicans toward regulation, more children and adults die or are severely injured in an explosion that could have been avoided by honest oversight. Greater numbers have been wounded or maimed and still the love of guns and hatred of gays is enough to protect the ballot box for most Republican candidates.', 'Dont give up. I think Republican and Independent women are starting to get it.', 'Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their Lives was written by Dennis S for PoliticusUSA,  Apr. 19th, 2013. All Rights Reserved', "Related Posts :Now That He Needs Disaster Relief, Barack Obama Is Rick Perry's New Best Friend", 'Now that he needs disaster relief after the fertilizer plant explosion in West, TX, Gov. Rick Perry is f ...From The Boston Marathon to West, TX, The Cost of the Sequester Hits Home', "With more than 780 troops still on state active duty in Massachusetts, the National Guard's warning abou ...Ron Paul: Texas Secession Should be On the TableRep. Ron Paul has weighed in on Gov. Rick Perry's secession talk for his state of Texas. Paul defended Perr ...After Calling Sandy Aid Wasteful, Ted Cruz Asks For All Available Resources for Texas", "In January of 2013, before he became infamous for modernizing McCarthyism in the Senate halls, Sen. Ted ...Secessionist Governor Rick Perry Now Wants Obama Stimulus DollarsRepublican Gov. Rick Perry of Texas has gone from pondering his state's departure from the union because of ...By Blogsdna", 'No, they wont get it. They will blame President Obama.What do you think?  1 0', 'The Texan people must be drinking a lot of really high powered cool-aide for them to allow bull-shit like this to happen too them.What do you think?  1 0', 'You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>', 'Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted!', 'Notice: Comments which contain too many CAPITAL LETTERS will be automatically modified to standard sentence case.', 'Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No Immigration', 'House Republicans Praise Exxon for Arkansas Oil Spill That Taxpayers are Cleaning Up', 'After Calling Sandy Aid Wasteful, Ted Cruz Asks For All Available Resources for Texas', 'jess on Glenn Beck Calls for Obamas Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attackglblank on Glenn Beck Calls for Obamas Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attackphooeyrat on Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their Livesdjchefron(Moderator) on Glenn Beck Calls for Obamas Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attackfedded-up on Glenn Beck Calls for Obamas Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attack']