['WEST, TexasTwo more dead bodies were discovered Friday afternoon in this small town, raising the official death count from Wednesdays explosion at a fertilizer plant to 14, authorities said.', 'The rising death toll comes as officials continued to sift through the rubble of the massive explosion. Earlier Friday, Sen. John Cornyn said officials havent been able to confirm the whereabouts of 60 people.', 'We still dont know the extent of their loss, Mr. Cornyn (R., Texas) said in a news conference Friday.', 'Mr. Cornyn visited the site of the West Fertilizer Co., where fire broke out about 6 p.m. Wednesday then mushroomed into a devastating blast about two hours later, spreading deadly flames and debris. He was joined by Sen. Ted Cruz and Rep. Roger Williams, both Texas Republicans, who made a public offering of their condolences and support.', 'Mr. Cornyn recognized the first responders, several of whom are believed to have been killed in the blast.', 'Mr. Cruz said that the support systems that have emerged in Boston and West are indicative of the American spirit, he said.', 'When asked about possible federal aid, Mr. Cornyn said the community is still in search and rescue mode and therefore not yet able to accurately estimate need. The federal government will be there as a backstop when it is time to enter a recovery phase, he said.', 'So far, more than 50 buildings, including many nearby homes and three schools, have been destroyed. Jason Reyes, a spokesman with the Texas Department of Public Safety, said earlier Friday that the search and rescue mission continues with at least 25 homes left to search.', 'The bodies of the deceased were sent to a Dallas forensics lab. A total of about 200 people have been injured.', 'West, a town of 2,800 just off I-35, is known in central Texas as a good place to pull off the highway for Czech pastries. Residents spent Thursday coming to grips with the landscape of flattened homes and diminishing hopes that friends and neighbors would be found alive.', 'The explosion damaged a sizable portion of a town with a Czech heritage that stretches back generations.', 'Tommy Muska, the towns mayor, is a volunteer firefighter himself as well as an insurance agent who lost his own home Wednesday.', 'Our town is definitely hurting, he said. His office was flooded with insurance claims.', 'On Thursday, Texas Gov. Rick Perry said he asked the federal government for a disaster declaration to mobilize help for the town, about 80 miles south of Dallas. Mr. Perry said he had spoken with President Barack Obama, who was on his way to Boston for a memorial service for victims of Mondays bombing at the Boston Marathon.', 'The Texas incident began with a fire at the West Fertilizer Co., a small, privately owned plant on the edge of town, at around 6 p.m. Wednesday. Volunteer firefighters tried to extinguish the blaze. About two hours later, an explosion ripped through the plant, sending a column of smoke hundreds of feet into the air and damaging buildings in a five-block radius.', 'The slender town of West stretches only 20 blocks or so along the interstate. At its widest spot, it is about 10 blocks across.', 'The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives planned to send investigators to determine if the fire and explosion were accidental or criminal, spokesman George Semonick said. The U.S. Chemical Safety Board said it was sending a large investigation team to the scene. State officials have set up air monitoring nearby.', 'Sgt. William Patrick Swanton, a Waco police spokesman who is helping out the citys smaller neighbor, said Thursday there was no indication the blast was anything other than an industrial accident. The Texas Department of Public Safety said it could take as many as six months to determine the cause of the fire.', 'The worst ever industrial accident in the U.S. was also caused by an explosion of ammonium nitrate, as was possibly the case here, and also took place in Texas. In that blast, in 1947, some 581 people died aboard a ship docked near Texas City.', 'Dan Halyburton, a spokesman for the American Red Cross who toured West, described the damage as unlike anything he had seen before. It wasnt like a tornado or hurricane. It looked more like someone had taken a grinding wheel and just chewed up walls and roofs. When people return to their homes, he said, Its going to be really traumatic.', 'Among those killed was Captain Kenny Harris of the Dallas Fire-Rescue service. He lived in West and was trying to lend a hand at the time of the explosion, the service said.', 'Arthur Garland, owner of a West car-restoration business, said his sons played sports with Mr. Harriss three boys, who were considered some of the best athletes in a town that centered on baseball.', 'Mr. Harris was about to retire, Mr. Garland said, and had bought a boat on which he had planned to spend a lot of time.', 'This is a great community, and I dont have any doubt in my mind we will pull together, Mr. Garland said. But we lost some good people.', 'Other confirmed dead included five West volunteer firefighters and four volunteer emergency medical technicians, according to the mayor.', 'The former cotton-farming community has come through hard times before, but nothing like this, residents said. The community drew Czech immigrants, who kept their heritage alive through the generations with an annual festival and a bakery that specializes in traditional pastries. On Thursday, the Czech ambassador to the U.S. was on his way to West to offer support.', 'For decades, the fertilizer plant in West has been a local fixture. As the town grew, homes and schools were built in closer proximity. A park is right across the street.', 'Zak Covar, executive director of the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality, said the facility had been in West since 1962. In 2004, it was required to receive two air-emissions permits. In 2004, they were supposed to come in and get reauthorized, Mr. Covar said. They failed to do so, and I hate to speculate why.', 'Donald Adair, owner of the fertilizer plant, issued a statement Friday afternoon expressing grief at the loss of life and pledging to cooperate with investigators.', 'Our hearts go out to everyone who has suffered, said Mr. Adair, describing himself as a lifelong resident of the town of 2,800, where 14 were confirmed dead and scores injured in the blast, according to state and local officials.', 'In 2006, an odor complaint was received by the environmental-quality commission. When it investigated, the state learned that West Fertilizer hadnt applied for the required permits, according to the commission. The issue was resolved when the facility applied for, and received, the permits. The permit was the resolution, Mr. Covar said, and no fine was issued.', 'Get the latest news on politics and policy, from the Journals reporters in Washington and around the nation.']