<<<<<<< HEAD
['    WEST - Fourteen bodies have been recovered after an explosion at a decades-old fertilizer plant demolished a section of the small Central Texas town of West, officials said Friday.But as the sun set on a second straight day of search and recovery efforts in the close-knit community of roughly 2,800, officials announced with some relief that they didn\'t expect the death toll in the five-block blast zone to climb much higher, if at all.Texas Gov. Rick Perry, speaking at an evening briefing at the West Auction Barn, said search and rescue efforts were nearly completed, with only one burned home left to be examined. Once that work was done, he said, the effort would shift to recovery, cleanup and a probe into precisely what caused the disaster."Now is the time to be focused on making recovery progress, and asking those questions," Perry said.Officials said residents would soon gradually be allowed access to their homes, to search for belongings and assess damages.Also Friday, the 83-year-old owner of the plant, West resident Donald Adair, issued a statement expressing his sympathy and vowing to help authorities determine what caused the fire and explosion Wednesday evening."We pledge to do everything we can to understand what happened to ensure nothing like this ever happens again in any community," wrote Adair, who noted that one of his employees, also a volunteer firefighter, died in the blast.After nearly 48 hours of confusion over the death toll, McLennan County Judge Scott Felton, flanked by the governor, said there were 14 confirmed fatalities. Felton also sought to clarify a statement earlier in the day from Sen. John Cornyn that some 60 people were still unaccounted for.Felton said many of them had been staying at hospitals or at friends\' homes, and had since reconnected with their next of kin. As a result, officials now say they don\'t expect the death toll to climb much, if any, higher."I would be surprised if it\'s more than a few people," Felton said. "There may end up being one or two more missing, but I can\'t even say that."Two hundred people were injured in the blast, which occurred just before 8 p.m. Wednesday.Many of the dead were first responders whose bodies were removed from the blast scene Thursday night and carried to nearby West High School, said James Miller, also a West volunteer firefighter.As the flag-draped bodies arrived, Miller said, about 15 firefighters silently saluted."We stood for every one of them," he said.Cornyn had caused a brief stir when he said at a noon briefing that as many as 60 people remained unaccounted for, although he quickly clarified that the number likely included people who simply hadn\'t connected with relatives."There are people in hospitals who might be some of the unaccounted for," he said. "There are people staying with friends in homes. So that number should come down."A spokeswoman for Scott & White Healthcare said Friday afternoon that seven patients, including one child, remained in critical condition at three hospitals.Nine of the 28 patients admitted to Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center in Waco had been released. Four remained in intensive care.Two of the three patients at Scott & White Memorial Hospital in Temple were in critical condition, as was one of the two pediatric patients receiving care at McLane Children\'s Hospital in Temple.Names of the dead were not immediately released. The Star-Telegram has identified 11 emergency responders, mostly volunteer firefighters, who are presumed dead.Investigators still had no information on what sparked the fire.Painstaking rescue effortsSearchers continued the grueling task of shoring up damaged buildings and looking for signs of life, or bodies, into the day Friday."I think it is only appropriate we recognize [the search and rescue teams] for their professionalism and heroism as they try to bring closure to these families," said Sgt. Jason Reyes, a spokesman for the Texas Department of Public Safety.As emergency responders begin the process of cleaning the blast site, local and state officials say questions about how firefighters responded to the fire that preceded the blast will be addressed."We\'ve had drills in the past, but not for anything of this magnitude," said West Mayor Tommy Muska, himself a volunteer firefighter.Muska, who said he was less than two blocks from the plant when it exploded, is among those who lost his home.Other issues such as whether the fertilizer was properly stored, and why homes and schools were allowed to be built just a couple hundred yards from the plant also will be addressed.Muska noted that the plant is not actually within the West city limits but lies in unincorporated McLennan County."The school children were pretty close, and these are legitimate, appropriate questions to be asking," Perry said.Cornyn appeared briefly with fellow Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and U.S. Rep. Roger Williams of Austin. The Republican trio deflected questions about what they\'ve been told about the possible cause, and whether anything could have been done at the federal or state level to prevent homes and schools from being built so close."This is an agricultural community, and ammonium nitrate is an important fertilizer," Cornyn said.Cruz said Texans and others concerned about the obvious potential dangers of fertilizer need to be patient."I think we need to allow time for a careful investigation," Cruz said. "All of us out here want to know what happened here. I think it would be a mistake to rush to a conclusion before the facts are established."Williams said the investigation was being professionally handled by local, state and federal officials."We need to let this process work," he said.Staff writers Diane Smith and Patrick M. Walker contributed to this report.', 'The people of West, Texas during a candle light vigil at St. Mary, Church of the Assumption for victims, families, friends and first responders involved with the recent fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'The people of West, Texas pray during a candle light vigil at St. Mary, Church of the Assumption for victims, families, friends and first responders involved with the recent fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'People comfort one another during a candle light vigil at St. Mary, Church of the Assumption for victims, families, friends and first responders involved with the recent fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'In this aerial photo, law enforcement and rescue personnel search the damage to an apartment complex from the explosion of the West Fertilizer plant on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/Houston Chronicle, Smiley N. Pool) ORG XMIT: TXHOU102', 'A Dallas Regional Urban Search and Rescue Truck sits parked by a destroyed apartment complex with emergency responders working the scene after it was destroyed by an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents.', "This aerial photo shows the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion and an emergency responders vehicle, bottom left, in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. Rescuers searched the smoking remnants for survivors of Wednesday night's thunderous fertilizer plant explosion, gingerly checking smashed houses and apartments for anyone still trapped in debris while the community awaited word on the number of dead.", 'Officials drive through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'A flag is flown at half staff in West, Texas, near the scene of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'Searchers in Hazmat protective suits walk through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'Searchers in Hazmat protective suits walk through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'A Searcher in a Hazmat protective suit walks through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'A Searcher in a Hazmat protective suit walks through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'A Searcher in a Hazmat protective suit walks through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'Searchers in Hazmat protective suits walk through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'Searchers in Hazmat protective suits walk through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'Searchers in Hazmat protective suits walk through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott speaks to hundreds of media members at the media center on I-35. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott speaks to hundreds of media members at the media center on I-35. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'At the media center on I-35 south of West, Reagan Uptmore loads bottled drinks into a pickup to be taken to families. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', "Media outlet's satellite trucks from around the country at the West Auction Arena, where the media headquarters has been set up. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)", 'Sammy Chavez and friends were taking video of the fire about 200 yards from the plant,  his face showing the cuts from blast debris just on the left side of his face. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Sammy Chavez and friends were taking video of the fire about 200 yards from the plant,  his face showing the cuts from blast debris just on the left side of his face. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Sammy Chavez and friends were taking video of the fire about 200 yards from the plant,  his face showing the cuts from blast debris just on the left side of his face. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Chief Deputy Sheriff Matt Cawthon (McLennan Co.) speaks to the media at the media center on I-35. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', "Bryan Anderson came by to speak to the media, talking about the blast that knocked him and his son Kaden off of the road in Anderson's truck, Kaden's picture showing his injuries from flying window glass on BRyan's cell phone. Both are fine, but shaken and cut. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)", 'Photos of West City Secretary Joey Pustejovsky and wife, Kelly, who married in March 2012. Joey, a member of the volunteer fire department, is among the missing.', 'Undated family photo of brothers Robert and Doug Snokhous, who are among the unaccounted for volunteer firefighters. Doug is on the left and Robert on the right. Used with permission.(Family Photo via Facebook)', 'Rescue personnel and some military personnel walked the neighborhood about 1/4 mile west of the blast site, going door to door to check each house. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Homes in the neighborhood about 1/4 mile west of the blast site show damage from the blast, chimneys tilted away from the blast. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Homes in the neighborhood about 1/4 mile west of the blast site show damage from the blast, the garage door blown in. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Brent Bridges speaks with concern on Thursday April 18, 2013 about his father, Morris Bridges, who was a first responder with the West, Texas volunteer fire department on a fertilizer explosion last night.  The fire fighter is so far among the missing.  (Star-Telegram/Ron T. Ennis)', 'Mangled metal and crushed vehicles are all that remain at the blast site of the fertilizer company.1 A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Mangled metal and crushed vehicles are all that remain at the blast site of the fertilizer company. The adjoining field is strewn with ripped metal pieces. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Mangled metal and crushed vehicles and an ambulance (that cannot be confirmed was there pre- or post-blast), are all that remain at the blast site of the fertilizer company. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'A tattered U.S. flag flies on Main Street in West, Texas on Thursday April 18, 2013, after a fertilizer plant explosion last night. (Star-Telegram/Ron T. Ennis)', 'A search and rescue dog is led through the blast zone destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents.  (AP Photo/LM Otero) ORG XMIT: TXMO137 ', "Dog and handler identified by spouse of handler: name of dog is Hayden and his handler is Mike Hargrove of Colleyville. It's Hayden's first assignment as a search dog.", 'Firefighters conduct a search-and-rescue operation at an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'A firefighter pauses while surveying the blast zone destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant during search-and-rescue efforts in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'A destroyed car sits as firefighters conduct a search-and-rescue of an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'The streets north of downtown West were packed with emergency vehicles. This is North Reagan looking north toward the blast site. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Firefighters conduct a search-and-rescue of an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'A firefighter stands on a rail line and surveys the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'Firefighters conduct search-and-rescue of an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'The remains of a fertilizer plant sits destroyed after an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'The remains of a fertilizer plant sits destroyed after an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'Bobby Rios, right, helps clean up the shattered display windows at Treasure on the Tracks in the central business district of West, Texas on Thursday April 18, 2013. A fertilizer plant explosion rocked the small town last night. (Star-Telegram/Ron T. Ennis)', 'The shattered display windows are cleaned away at the Treasure on the Tracks in the central business district of West, Texas on Thursday April 18, 2013. A fertilizer plant explosion rocked the small town last night.  (Star-Telegram/Ron T. Ennis)', 'Richard Riggs, left, gets help cleaning up the shattered display windows at Treasure on the Tracks in the central business district of West, Texas on Thursday April 18, 2013. A fertilizer plant explosion rocked the small town last night.  (Star-Telegram/Ron T. Ennis)', 'Firefighters use flashlights early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, to search a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas. The massive explosion killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, shaking the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and leveling homes and businesses for blocks in every direction. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'We welcome your comments on this story, but please be civil. Do not use profanity, hate speech, threats, personal abuse, images, internet links or any device to draw undue attention. Comments deemed inappropriate will be removed and repeated abusers will be banned. NOTE: If you log in using your Twitter account, your comments will be signed using the name on your Twitter profile, NOT your Twitter user name. Read our full comment policy.', '    Copyright 2013 . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', 'British man recalls how his sister became a follower of cult leader David Koresh']
=======
['WEST - Fourteen bodies have been recovered after an explosion at a decades-old fertilizer plant demolished a section of the small Central Texas town of West, officials said Friday.But as the sun set on a second straight day of search and recovery efforts in the close-knit community of roughly 2,800, officials announced with some relief that they didn\'t expect the death toll in the five-block blast zone to climb much higher, if at all.Texas Gov. Rick Perry, speaking at an evening briefing at the West Auction Barn, said search and rescue efforts were nearly completed, with only one burned home left to be examined. Once that work was done, he said, the effort would shift to recovery, cleanup and a probe into precisely what caused the disaster."Now is the time to be focused on making recovery progress, and asking those questions," Perry said.Officials said residents would soon gradually be allowed access to their homes, to search for belongings and assess damages.Also Friday, the 83-year-old owner of the plant, West resident Donald Adair, issued a statement expressing his sympathy and vowing to help authorities determine what caused the fire and explosion Wednesday evening."We pledge to do everything we can to understand what happened to ensure nothing like this ever happens again in any community," wrote Adair, who noted that one of his employees, also a volunteer firefighter, died in the blast.After nearly 48 hours of confusion over the death toll, McLennan County Judge Scott Felton, flanked by the governor, said there were 14 confirmed fatalities. Felton also sought to clarify a statement earlier in the day from Sen. John Cornyn that some 60 people were still unaccounted for.Felton said many of them had been staying at hospitals or at friends\' homes, and had since reconnected with their next of kin. As a result, officials now say they don\'t expect the death toll to climb much, if any, higher."I would be surprised if it\'s more than a few people," Felton said. "There may end up being one or two more missing, but I can\'t even say that."Two hundred people were injured in the blast, which occurred just before 8 p.m. Wednesday.Many of the dead were first responders whose bodies were removed from the blast scene Thursday night and carried to nearby West High School, said James Miller, also a West volunteer firefighter.As the flag-draped bodies arrived, Miller said, about 15 firefighters silently saluted."We stood for every one of them," he said.Cornyn had caused a brief stir when he said at a noon briefing that as many as 60 people remained unaccounted for, although he quickly clarified that the number likely included people who simply hadn\'t connected with relatives."There are people in hospitals who might be some of the unaccounted for," he said. "There are people staying with friends in homes. So that number should come down."A spokeswoman for Scott & White Healthcare said Friday afternoon that seven patients, including one child, remained in critical condition at three hospitals.Nine of the 28 patients admitted to Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center in Waco had been released. Four remained in intensive care.Two of the three patients at Scott & White Memorial Hospital in Temple were in critical condition, as was one of the two pediatric patients receiving care at McLane Children\'s Hospital in Temple.Names of the dead were not immediately released. The Star-Telegram has identified 11 emergency responders, mostly volunteer firefighters, who are presumed dead.Investigators still had no information on what sparked the fire.Painstaking rescue effortsSearchers continued the grueling task of shoring up damaged buildings and looking for signs of life, or bodies, into the day Friday."I think it is only appropriate we recognize [the search and rescue teams] for their professionalism and heroism as they try to bring closure to these families," said Sgt. Jason Reyes, a spokesman for the Texas Department of Public Safety.As emergency responders begin the process of cleaning the blast site, local and state officials say questions about how firefighters responded to the fire that preceded the blast will be addressed."We\'ve had drills in the past, but not for anything of this magnitude," said West Mayor Tommy Muska, himself a volunteer firefighter.Muska, who said he was less than two blocks from the plant when it exploded, is among those who lost his home.Other issues such as whether the fertilizer was properly stored, and why homes and schools were allowed to be built just a couple hundred yards from the plant also will be addressed.Muska noted that the plant is not actually within the West city limits but lies in unincorporated McLennan County."The school children were pretty close, and these are legitimate, appropriate questions to be asking," Perry said.Cornyn appeared briefly with fellow Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and U.S. Rep. Roger Williams of Austin. The Republican trio deflected questions about what they\'ve been told about the possible cause, and whether anything could have been done at the federal or state level to prevent homes and schools from being built so close."This is an agricultural community, and ammonium nitrate is an important fertilizer," Cornyn said.Cruz said Texans and others concerned about the obvious potential dangers of fertilizer need to be patient."I think we need to allow time for a careful investigation," Cruz said. "All of us out here want to know what happened here. I think it would be a mistake to rush to a conclusion before the facts are established."Williams said the investigation was being professionally handled by local, state and federal officials."We need to let this process work," he said.Staff writers Diane Smith and Patrick M. Walker contributed to this report.', 'The people of West, Texas during a candle light vigil at St. Mary, Church of the Assumption for victims, families, friends and first responders involved with the recent fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'The people of West, Texas pray during a candle light vigil at St. Mary, Church of the Assumption for victims, families, friends and first responders involved with the recent fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'People comfort one another during a candle light vigil at St. Mary, Church of the Assumption for victims, families, friends and first responders involved with the recent fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'In this aerial photo, law enforcement and rescue personnel search the damage to an apartment complex from the explosion of the West Fertilizer plant on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/Houston Chronicle, Smiley N. Pool) ORG XMIT: TXHOU102', 'A Dallas Regional Urban Search and Rescue Truck sits parked by a destroyed apartment complex with emergency responders working the scene after it was destroyed by an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents.', "This aerial photo shows the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion and an emergency responders vehicle, bottom left, in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. Rescuers searched the smoking remnants for survivors of Wednesday night's thunderous fertilizer plant explosion, gingerly checking smashed houses and apartments for anyone still trapped in debris while the community awaited word on the number of dead.", 'Officials drive through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'A flag is flown at half staff in West, Texas, near the scene of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'Searchers in Hazmat protective suits walk through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'Searchers in Hazmat protective suits walk through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'A Searcher in a Hazmat protective suit walks through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'A Searcher in a Hazmat protective suit walks through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'A Searcher in a Hazmat protective suit walks through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'Searchers in Hazmat protective suits walk through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'Searchers in Hazmat protective suits walk through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'Searchers in Hazmat protective suits walk through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas Thursday April 18, 2013 in  West,Texas.  (Star-Telegram/Ron Jenkins)', 'Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott speaks to hundreds of media members at the media center on I-35. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott speaks to hundreds of media members at the media center on I-35. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'At the media center on I-35 south of West, Reagan Uptmore loads bottled drinks into a pickup to be taken to families. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', "Media outlet's satellite trucks from around the country at the West Auction Arena, where the media headquarters has been set up. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)", 'Sammy Chavez and friends were taking video of the fire about 200 yards from the plant,  his face showing the cuts from blast debris just on the left side of his face. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Sammy Chavez and friends were taking video of the fire about 200 yards from the plant,  his face showing the cuts from blast debris just on the left side of his face. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Sammy Chavez and friends were taking video of the fire about 200 yards from the plant,  his face showing the cuts from blast debris just on the left side of his face. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Chief Deputy Sheriff Matt Cawthon (McLennan Co.) speaks to the media at the media center on I-35. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', "Bryan Anderson came by to speak to the media, talking about the blast that knocked him and his son Kaden off of the road in Anderson's truck, Kaden's picture showing his injuries from flying window glass on BRyan's cell phone. Both are fine, but shaken and cut. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)", 'Photos of West City Secretary Joey Pustejovsky and wife, Kelly, who married in March 2012. Joey, a member of the volunteer fire department, is among the missing.', 'Undated family photo of brothers Robert and Doug Snokhous, who are among the unaccounted for volunteer firefighters. Doug is on the left and Robert on the right. Used with permission.(Family Photo via Facebook)', 'Rescue personnel and some military personnel walked the neighborhood about 1/4 mile west of the blast site, going door to door to check each house. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Homes in the neighborhood about 1/4 mile west of the blast site show damage from the blast, chimneys tilted away from the blast. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Homes in the neighborhood about 1/4 mile west of the blast site show damage from the blast, the garage door blown in. A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Brent Bridges speaks with concern on Thursday April 18, 2013 about his father, Morris Bridges, who was a first responder with the West, Texas volunteer fire department on a fertilizer explosion last night.  The fire fighter is so far among the missing.  (Star-Telegram/Ron T. Ennis)', 'Mangled metal and crushed vehicles are all that remain at the blast site of the fertilizer company.1 A explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Mangled metal and crushed vehicles are all that remain at the blast site of the fertilizer company. The adjoining field is strewn with ripped metal pieces. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Mangled metal and crushed vehicles and an ambulance (that cannot be confirmed was there pre- or post-blast), are all that remain at the blast site of the fertilizer company. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'A tattered U.S. flag flies on Main Street in West, Texas on Thursday April 18, 2013, after a fertilizer plant explosion last night. (Star-Telegram/Ron T. Ennis)', 'A search and rescue dog is led through the blast zone destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents.  (AP Photo/LM Otero) ORG XMIT: TXMO137', "Dog and handler identified by spouse of handler: name of dog is Hayden and his handler is Mike Hargrove of Colleyville. It's Hayden's first assignment as a search dog.", 'Firefighters conduct a search-and-rescue operation at an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'A firefighter pauses while surveying the blast zone destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant during search-and-rescue efforts in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'A destroyed car sits as firefighters conduct a search-and-rescue of an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'The streets north of downtown West were packed with emergency vehicles. This is North Reagan looking north toward the blast site. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night, injuring dozens and causing an undetermined number of fatalities, as well as massive property damage. The community and workers rally Thursday, April 18, 2013, to begin assessment of injuries, fatalities and repair of the extensive damage. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)', 'Firefighters conduct a search-and-rescue of an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'A firefighter stands on a rail line and surveys the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'Firefighters conduct search-and-rescue of an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'The remains of a fertilizer plant sits destroyed after an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'The remains of a fertilizer plant sits destroyed after an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'Bobby Rios, right, helps clean up the shattered display windows at Treasure on the Tracks in the central business district of West, Texas on Thursday April 18, 2013. A fertilizer plant explosion rocked the small town last night. (Star-Telegram/Ron T. Ennis)', 'The shattered display windows are cleaned away at the Treasure on the Tracks in the central business district of West, Texas on Thursday April 18, 2013. A fertilizer plant explosion rocked the small town last night.  (Star-Telegram/Ron T. Ennis)', 'Richard Riggs, left, gets help cleaning up the shattered display windows at Treasure on the Tracks in the central business district of West, Texas on Thursday April 18, 2013. A fertilizer plant explosion rocked the small town last night.  (Star-Telegram/Ron T. Ennis)', 'Firefighters use flashlights early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, to search a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas. The massive explosion killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, shaking the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and leveling homes and businesses for blocks in every direction. (AP Photo/LM Otero)', 'We welcome your comments on this story, but please be civil. Do not use profanity, hate speech, threats, personal abuse, images, internet links or any device to draw undue attention. Comments deemed inappropriate will be removed and repeated abusers will be banned. NOTE: If you log in using your Twitter account, your comments will be signed using the name on your Twitter profile, NOT your Twitter user name. Read our full comment policy.', 'Copyright 2013 . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', 'British man recalls how his sister became a follower of cult leader David Koresh']
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
