<<<<<<< HEAD
['The Kansas governor faces a stiff test in persuading a legislature controlled by conservative Republicans to go along with his plan to keep a sales tax that\xe2\x80\x99s supposed to expire this summer.', 'In 2005, Larry and Kristina Dodge pledged $5 million for a building at the school. The school now wants the Kristina Dodge to pay a court settlement after her husband filed for bankruptcy protection.', 'The driver for Joe Gibbs Racing set a Kansas Speedway record in knocking former Roush Fenway teammates Carl Edwards and Ricky Stenhouse Jr. off the pole after each had briefly held the record with their Fords.', 'Three months have passed since John Dorsey was hired as general manager of the Chiefs. Most of his waking hours, not to mention those of the scouts, have been spent researching players available in the upcoming NFL Draft. But Dorsey said Friday, six days before the Chiefs are scheduled to make the first overall pick in the draft, they haven\xc2\x92t settled on the player they would select. Dorsey did say the Chiefs narrowed the list of candidates to four, though he wouldn\xc2\x92t identify them.', "Strong earnings from a pair of technology giants helped the stock market recover some of its losses Friday, a positive end to Wall Street's worst week in five months.", 'Critics dubbed USA Today "McPaper" when it debuted in 1982, and they accused its founder, Al Neuharth, of dumbing down American journalism with its easy-to-read articles and bright graphics.', 'KC visitors association announces four conventions that are expected to generate $17 million', 'There\xe2\x80\x99s no better topic for Sunday\xe2\x80\x99s sermon than Earth Day, many believe. The Sustainable Sanctuary Coalition says that about 70 faith leaders have promised to focus on that subject at least once in 2013.', 'Public TV station buys transfer of ownership from KTBG in Warrensburg. FCC approval is pending.', 'The manhunt for a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing is causing filming on David O. Russell\'s film "American Hustle" to be suspended.', 'A re-segregation of schools hurts America. More should be done to bridge the gaps in information about others.', 'We are, and always will be, a nation of open doors and a place where people move about freely. There are risks involved with that, as we were reminded this week. But the risks are far outweighed by the great virtue so eloquently stated by the suspects\xc2\x92 uncle Ruslan Tsarni \xc2\x97 the chance for all to claim their humanity. How tragic it is that the Boston bombers chose to forfeit theirs.', '    \t\tFinley \xc2\x97 As rescuers searched Thursday for survivors of a deadly Texas explosion, a supervisor at a Mid-Columbia fertilizer manufacturer emphasized that his company\xc2\x92s top priority is safety.      ', '      \tDave Dey, production superintendent of Agrium\xc2\x92s Kennewick Fertilizer Operation, said the company will \xc2\x93monitor what happened in Texas very closely and see if there\xc2\x92s any learning there. If there are lessons from that, we\xc2\x92ll take them and apply them and make sure nothing like that happens (here).\xc2\x94He said Agrium \xc2\x93absolutely takes the surrounding community, personnel and process safety as the top priority. That\xc2\x92s number one. We will never sacrifice anything as far as that goes.\xc2\x94And he said \xc2\x93our hearts go out\xc2\x94 to the people affected by Wednesday\xc2\x92s explosion in Texas.The explosion at the fertilizer plant \xc2\x97 described as a retail and storage facility, not a manufacturing site \xc2\x97 happened in the small town of West. The death toll was reported by The Associated Press as up to 15 earlier Thursday, with more than 160 injured.Officials later backed off that number and refused to elaborate.Agrium Inc., an agricultural products and services supplier with headquarters in Alberta, Canada, has three sites in the Tri-City area within a few miles of each other along the Columbia River.The company\xc2\x92s local fertilizer manufacturing happens at the end of Bowles Road in the Finley area. Dey said the plant makes nitrogen-based liquid fertilizer, and the products used are noncombustible.He didn\xc2\x92t have an estimate of how much fertilizer is produced, saying it varies day to day. Sixty to 65 people work at the site.Gilbert and Bibiann Henjum have lived near Agrium for more than 30 years. The Texas explosion was on their minds Thursday, but the Finley couple said they aren\xc2\x92t worried.Gilbert Henjum said he\xc2\x92s more concerned about the nearby railroad tracks, where tank cars pass through, and a defunct chemical plant down the road where kids play.\xc2\x93Anywhere you live can be dangerous,\xc2\x94 he told the Herald. \xc2\x93Heck, you could live on Clearwater (Avenue) and it could be dangerous."Nine years ago, the company accidentally released a large plume of nitrogen oxide gas into the air over Finley, prompting numerous 911 calls.No medical problems were reported and Agrium agreed to pay more than $24,000 for not immediately notifying the correct agencies.In Washington, there are an estimated 300-plus bulk fertilizer distributor license holders, including several in the Tri-City area, according to the state Department of Agriculture.The license is required for any site that distributes commercial fertilizer in bulk, nonpackaged form, the state Business Licensing Service website says.Like Agrium, Tessenderlo Kerley Inc. manufactures liquid fertilizer in the Finley area. Plant manager Robert Inouye said his facility has an emergency response plan in place, follows all local, state and federal regulations and \xc2\x93provides a great amount of training to our employees.\xc2\x94 The plant has about 27 full-time workers.Jeremy Beck, Benton County\xc2\x92s emergency manager, said local officials will examine the Texas incident to ensure \xc2\x93nothing like that happens in this county.\xc2\x94He noted a response plan is in place in case of a communitywide event, and a local emergency planning committee that includes representatives from area businesses with hazardous materials on site meets quarterly.\xc2\x93We have a prepared community,\xc2\x94 he said. \xc2\x93We have some of the best trained responders around.\xc2\x94First-responders in the Yakima Valley area were tested in 2005 when a fire at a Wilbur-Ellis Co. farm chemical warehouse in Grandview prompted the evacuation of hundreds of nearby residents, sent about 50 people to area hospitals complaining of respiratory problems and closed part of Interstate 82 for about 18 hours.Tests later showed the fire didn\xc2\x92t contaminate the surrounding area with pesticides or other dangerous chemicals.      ', '    Copyright 2013 Tri-City Herald. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', 'Next Saturday, a Global Health Event Started by KC will be Celebrated at Nelson Atkins', 'UMKC National Society of Black Engineers 2nd Annual Youth Minority Engineering Night - Co hosted by Kauffman Scholars Inc.']
=======
['The Kansas governor faces a stiff test in persuading a legislature controlled by conservative Republicans to go along with his plan to keep a sales tax thats supposed to expire this summer.', 'In 2005, Larry and Kristina Dodge pledged $5 million for a building at the school. The school now wants the Kristina Dodge to pay a court settlement after her husband filed for bankruptcy protection.', 'The driver for Joe Gibbs Racing set a Kansas Speedway record in knocking former Roush Fenway teammates Carl Edwards and Ricky Stenhouse Jr. off the pole after each had briefly held the record with their Fords.', 'Three months have passed since John Dorsey was hired as general manager of the Chiefs. Most of his waking hours, not to mention those of the scouts, have been spent researching players available in the upcoming NFL Draft. But Dorsey said Friday, six days before the Chiefs are scheduled to make the first overall pick in the draft, they havent settled on the player they would select. Dorsey did say the Chiefs narrowed the list of candidates to four, though he wouldnt identify them.', "Strong earnings from a pair of technology giants helped the stock market recover some of its losses Friday, a positive end to Wall Street's worst week in five months.", 'Critics dubbed USA Today "McPaper" when it debuted in 1982, and they accused its founder, Al Neuharth, of dumbing down American journalism with its easy-to-read articles and bright graphics.', 'KC visitors association announces four conventions that are expected to generate $17 million', 'Theres no better topic for Sundays sermon than Earth Day, many believe. The Sustainable Sanctuary Coalition says that about 70 faith leaders have promised to focus on that subject at least once in 2013.', 'Public TV station buys transfer of ownership from KTBG in Warrensburg. FCC approval is pending.', 'The manhunt for a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing is causing filming on David O. Russell\'s film "American Hustle" to be suspended.', 'A re-segregation of schools hurts America. More should be done to bridge the gaps in information about others.', 'We are, and always will be, a nation of open doors and a place where people move about freely. There are risks involved with that, as we were reminded this week. But the risks are far outweighed by the great virtue so eloquently stated by the suspects uncle Ruslan Tsarni  the chance for all to claim their humanity. How tragic it is that the Boston bombers chose to forfeit theirs.', 'Finley  As rescuers searched Thursday for survivors of a deadly Texas explosion, a supervisor at a Mid-Columbia fertilizer manufacturer emphasized that his companys top priority is safety.', 'Dave Dey, production superintendent of Agriums Kennewick Fertilizer Operation, said the company will monitor what happened in Texas very closely and see if theres any learning there. If there are lessons from that, well take them and apply them and make sure nothing like that happens (here).He said Agrium absolutely takes the surrounding community, personnel and process safety as the top priority. Thats number one. We will never sacrifice anything as far as that goes.And he said our hearts go out to the people affected by Wednesdays explosion in Texas.The explosion at the fertilizer plant  described as a retail and storage facility, not a manufacturing site  happened in the small town of West. The death toll was reported by The Associated Press as up to 15 earlier Thursday, with more than 160 injured.Officials later backed off that number and refused to elaborate.Agrium Inc., an agricultural products and services supplier with headquarters in Alberta, Canada, has three sites in the Tri-City area within a few miles of each other along the Columbia River.The companys local fertilizer manufacturing happens at the end of Bowles Road in the Finley area. Dey said the plant makes nitrogen-based liquid fertilizer, and the products used are noncombustible.He didnt have an estimate of how much fertilizer is produced, saying it varies day to day. Sixty to 65 people work at the site.Gilbert and Bibiann Henjum have lived near Agrium for more than 30 years. The Texas explosion was on their minds Thursday, but the Finley couple said they arent worried.Gilbert Henjum said hes more concerned about the nearby railroad tracks, where tank cars pass through, and a defunct chemical plant down the road where kids play.Anywhere you live can be dangerous, he told the Herald. Heck, you could live on Clearwater (Avenue) and it could be dangerous."Nine years ago, the company accidentally released a large plume of nitrogen oxide gas into the air over Finley, prompting numerous 911 calls.No medical problems were reported and Agrium agreed to pay more than $24,000 for not immediately notifying the correct agencies.In Washington, there are an estimated 300-plus bulk fertilizer distributor license holders, including several in the Tri-City area, according to the state Department of Agriculture.The license is required for any site that distributes commercial fertilizer in bulk, nonpackaged form, the state Business Licensing Service website says.Like Agrium, Tessenderlo Kerley Inc. manufactures liquid fertilizer in the Finley area. Plant manager Robert Inouye said his facility has an emergency response plan in place, follows all local, state and federal regulations and provides a great amount of training to our employees. The plant has about 27 full-time workers.Jeremy Beck, Benton Countys emergency manager, said local officials will examine the Texas incident to ensure nothing like that happens in this county.He noted a response plan is in place in case of a communitywide event, and a local emergency planning committee that includes representatives from area businesses with hazardous materials on site meets quarterly.We have a prepared community, he said. We have some of the best trained responders around.First-responders in the Yakima Valley area were tested in 2005 when a fire at a Wilbur-Ellis Co. farm chemical warehouse in Grandview prompted the evacuation of hundreds of nearby residents, sent about 50 people to area hospitals complaining of respiratory problems and closed part of Interstate 82 for about 18 hours.Tests later showed the fire didnt contaminate the surrounding area with pesticides or other dangerous chemicals.', 'Copyright 2013 Tri-City Herald. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', 'Next Saturday, a Global Health Event Started by KC will be Celebrated at Nelson Atkins', 'UMKC National Society of Black Engineers 2nd Annual Youth Minority Engineering Night - Co hosted by Kauffman Scholars Inc.']
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
