<<<<<<< HEAD
['Suspect in Boston Marathon bombing died of gunshot and possible blast wounds, doctor says', 'FBI releases photos of two Boston bomb suspectsThu, Apr 18 2013Heavy rains in Chicago area cause flooding, close roadsThu, Apr 18 2013UPDATE 6-Deadly explosion, fire rips through Texas fertilizer plantThu, Apr 18 2013CORRECTED-UPDATE 4-Hundreds believed injured in Texas fertilizer plant blastThu, Apr 18 2013', '* Blast destroyed up to 80 houses, apartment building* Town of West known for strong Czech heritage', ' (Adds details)By Carey Gillam and Corrie MacLagganWEST, Texas, April 18 (Reuters) - Rescuers searched on', 'mayor said had killed at least 14 people.Among the dead are four paramedics killed in the chemical', 'Mayor Tommy Muska said.He said five volunteer firefighters are listed as missing', 'foul play had been found."All of that unknown ... is really scary, we don\'t know what', 'injured in the blast on Wednesday evening.Police initially put the death toll at up to 15, but later', 'it is not yet known exactly how many had been killed.The Texas blast happened within days of the deadly Boston', 'incidents that revived memories of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.Agents with the U.S. Chemical Safety Board, a federal agency', 'according to the U.S. Geological Survey.Firefighters had been battling a fire at the plant on', 'town of 2,700 people about 20 miles (32 km) north of Waco.Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott toured the devastated', 'buildings and blackened rubble.The flag at the West Volunteer Fire Department was flying at', 'Texas. We are just a little town."West has a strong Czech heritage, and the Czech Republic', "popular Czech pastry.'VERY VOLATILE SITUATION'Police said the fertilizer plant was in a highly populated", 'Chief Deputy Sheriff Matt Cawthon of McLennan County.West Fertilizer Co is a retail facility that blends', 'report the company filed with the state government.Anhydrous ammonia is used by farmers as fertilizer to boost', 'soil nitrogen levels and improve crop production.According to the Centers for Disease Control, mixing', 'containers may explode when heated, according to the CDC.The West plant is one of thousands of sites across rural', 'and has fewer than 10 employees.The plant had not been inspected by state officials since', 'there is a complaint, Covar said.The federal Environmental Protection Agency fined the firm', "$2,300 in 2006 for failing to implement a risk management plan.The plant's owner could not be reached for comment.Firefighters had been evacuating several blocks around the", 'said. That threat had abated by Thursday, police said.The West middle school, which was badly damaged, was one', 'prayers to the victims in Texas.Texas is no stranger to industrial disasters. In 1947, 3,200', 'to be the deadliest industrial accident in U.S. history.More recently, a 2005 explosion at a BP refinery in Texas', 'hydrocarbon vapors exploded in a processing plant.If the West blast was an industrial accident, investigators', 'This discussion is now closed. We welcome comments on our articles for a limited period after their publication.', 'An ultra-low latency infrastructure for electronic trading and data distribution', "Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.", 'NYSE and AMEX quotes delayed by at least 20 minutes. Nasdaq delayed by at least 15 minutes. For a complete list of exchanges and delays, please click here.']
=======
['Suspect in Boston Marathon bombing died of gunshot and possible blast wounds, doctor says', 'FBI releases photos of two Boston bomb suspectsThu, Apr 18 2013Heavy rains in Chicago area cause flooding, close roadsThu, Apr 18 2013UPDATE 6-Deadly explosion, fire rips through Texas fertilizer plantThu, Apr 18 2013CORRECTED-UPDATE 4-Hundreds believed injured in Texas fertilizer plant blastThu, Apr 18 2013', '* Blast destroyed up to 80 houses, apartment building* Town of West known for strong Czech heritage', '(Adds details)By Carey Gillam and Corrie MacLagganWEST, Texas, April 18 (Reuters) - Rescuers searched on', 'mayor said had killed at least 14 people.Among the dead are four paramedics killed in the chemical', 'Mayor Tommy Muska said.He said five volunteer firefighters are listed as missing', 'foul play had been found."All of that unknown ... is really scary, we don\'t know what', 'injured in the blast on Wednesday evening.Police initially put the death toll at up to 15, but later', 'it is not yet known exactly how many had been killed.The Texas blast happened within days of the deadly Boston', 'incidents that revived memories of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.Agents with the U.S. Chemical Safety Board, a federal agency', 'according to the U.S. Geological Survey.Firefighters had been battling a fire at the plant on', 'town of 2,700 people about 20 miles (32 km) north of Waco.Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott toured the devastated', 'buildings and blackened rubble.The flag at the West Volunteer Fire Department was flying at', 'Texas. We are just a little town."West has a strong Czech heritage, and the Czech Republic', "popular Czech pastry.'VERY VOLATILE SITUATION'Police said the fertilizer plant was in a highly populated", 'Chief Deputy Sheriff Matt Cawthon of McLennan County.West Fertilizer Co is a retail facility that blends', 'report the company filed with the state government.Anhydrous ammonia is used by farmers as fertilizer to boost', 'soil nitrogen levels and improve crop production.According to the Centers for Disease Control, mixing', 'containers may explode when heated, according to the CDC.The West plant is one of thousands of sites across rural', 'and has fewer than 10 employees.The plant had not been inspected by state officials since', 'there is a complaint, Covar said.The federal Environmental Protection Agency fined the firm', "$2,300 in 2006 for failing to implement a risk management plan.The plant's owner could not be reached for comment.Firefighters had been evacuating several blocks around the", 'said. That threat had abated by Thursday, police said.The West middle school, which was badly damaged, was one', 'prayers to the victims in Texas.Texas is no stranger to industrial disasters. In 1947, 3,200', 'to be the deadliest industrial accident in U.S. history.More recently, a 2005 explosion at a BP refinery in Texas', 'hydrocarbon vapors exploded in a processing plant.If the West blast was an industrial accident, investigators', 'This discussion is now closed. We welcome comments on our articles for a limited period after their publication.', 'An ultra-low latency infrastructure for electronic trading and data distribution', "Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.", 'NYSE and AMEX quotes delayed by at least 20 minutes. Nasdaq delayed by at least 15 minutes. For a complete list of exchanges and delays, please click here.']
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
