<<<<<<< HEAD
['Rascal Flatts, The Band Perry and Cassadee Pope were great at the Live and Loud Tour!', 'Grandpa Writes Scathing Letter to Daughter for Booting Gay Grandson Out of House', "Eminem fans are well aware of his daughter Hailie Jade, as he referenced her many times in songs. The teen is a senior in high school and in addition to, you know, having the world's most famous rapper for a dad, she was also named Homecoming Queen at her high school.", 'Congrats to actress Halle Berry and her brand new husband, actor Olivier Martinez. The talented and good-looking couple welcomed a son on Saturday, Oct. 5.', 'Here are some of the best videos of white people painfully butchering the genre.', "We've rounded up 18 GIFs that'll have a similar effect. Think of it as your daily dose of Mother nature.", "It must be something about everybody being in costume that makes Halloween so much fun for people of all ages. \xc2\xa0All the masks being worn must give people a sense anonymity and courage.\xc2\xa0 On November 1st you can always say, \xe2\x80\x9cHey, it was Halloween and it wasn\xe2\x80\x99t my fault, my '2006 Borat Sling Thong Swimsuit' costume inspired me to do it,\xe2\x80\x9d and your friends will generally agree (provided you kept your shenanigans to a misdemeanor).\xe2\x80\x9d", "Adam Lambert and Queen's performance at the 2013 iHeartRadio Music Festival was the most talked about of the weekend, and with good reason! They slayed it! Now, the rock legends are opening up about working with Lambert ...and about how much they love doing just that.", "Jennifer Lawrence still isn't over Hollywood folk calling her fat early in her career.", 'Win two tickets to the OU vs Texas game on October 12th from Evolve Federal Credit Union\xc2\xa0valued at $110 each.', 'Winner will also win a $250 gift card from Evolve Federal Credit Union for travel expenses. Enter up to 20 times a day.', "Emile Hirsch is going to be a daddy! An ex of the 28-year-old 'Into the Wild' star is expecting their first child.", 'Madonna has been through a lot in her three decades in the music business, but she went through something even scarier before she was famous. The Queen of Pop is a rape survivor.', 'Miley Cyrus got "Rolling $tone" tattooed to the bottoms of her feet, but this latest Cyrus tattoo isn\'t on her -- it\'s of her. And it\'s a doozy!', " MikeHollywood Dirt \xe2\x80\x93 Miley Cyrus Fueds with Sinead O'Conner, Poses for Raunchiest Photo Shoot Yet + More October 4, 2013", " MonikaLorde's Smash Hit Royals Gets The A Cappella Treatment From Pentatonix October 4, 2013", ' Patty CamposRascal Flatts Concert in Las Cruces, NM Rocked The Pan Am October 4, 2013Sign up for our newsletter', 'Upcoming EventsFebruary 10 \xe2\x80\x93 December 31SCREAMING EAGLES MARTIAL ARTSKLAQEl PasoOctober 11 \xe2\x80\x93 October 13El Paso Home & Garden ExpoAbraham Chavez TheatreEl PasoView All EventsPrizes + Rewards ', 'Win two tickets to the OU vs Texas game on October 12th from Evolve Federal Credit Union\xc2\xa0valued...', 'Introducing radioPup - the new mobile app that lets you listen to KISS-FM anytime, anywhere. Download the app for iPhone, iPod Touch and Android now! ', "Top 10 Ed Sheeran LyricsTop 10 Pink Music Videos20 Best Alchemist Beats (2008-2013)10 Hottest Hip-Hop and R&B WifeysThe Wrap Up: Harrison Ford and Asa Butterfield Stare Each Other Down in New 'Ender's Game' Clip'Anchorman 2\xe2\x80\xb2: Let Ron Burgundy Sell You a Dodge10 Things You Didn't Know About Resident Evil10 Most Successful Video Game Kickstarter Campaigns", "It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your points and personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your  password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites.", '*Please note that your points, prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. ', 'It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account with your Facebook account, just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing profile and VIP program points. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://kisselpaso.com using your Facebook account.', '*Please note that your points, prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. ', 'Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience.', "Register on 93.1 KISS-FM quickly by logging in with your Facebook account.  It's just as secure, and no password to remember!", 'Sign up for an account to comment, share your thoughts, and earn points to get great prizes.', "Register on 93.1 KISS-FM quickly by logging in with your Facebook account.  It's just as secure, and no password to remember!"]
=======
['Rascal Flatts, The Band Perry and Cassadee Pope were great at the Live and Loud Tour!', 'Grandpa Writes Scathing Letter to Daughter for Booting Gay Grandson Out of House', "Eminem fans are well aware of his daughter Hailie Jade, as he referenced her many times in songs. The teen is a senior in high school and in addition to, you know, having the world's most famous rapper for a dad, she was also named Homecoming Queen at her high school.", 'Congrats to actress Halle Berry and her brand new husband, actor Olivier Martinez. The talented and good-looking couple welcomed a son on Saturday, Oct. 5.', 'Here are some of the best videos of white people painfully butchering the genre.', "We've rounded up 18 GIFs that'll have a similar effect. Think of it as your daily dose of Mother nature.", "It must be something about everybody being in costume that makes Halloween so much fun for people of all ages. All the masks being worn must give people a sense anonymity and courage. On November 1st you can always say, Hey, it was Halloween and it wasnt my fault, my '2006 Borat Sling Thong Swimsuit' costume inspired me to do it, and your friends will generally agree (provided you kept your shenanigans to a misdemeanor).", "Adam Lambert and Queen's performance at the 2013 iHeartRadio Music Festival was the most talked about of the weekend, and with good reason! They slayed it! Now, the rock legends are opening up about working with Lambert ...and about how much they love doing just that.", "Jennifer Lawrence still isn't over Hollywood folk calling her fat early in her career.", 'Win two tickets to the OU vs Texas game on October 12th from Evolve Federal Credit Unionvalued at $110 each.', 'Winner will also win a $250 gift card from Evolve Federal Credit Union for travel expenses. Enter up to 20 times a day.', "Emile Hirsch is going to be a daddy! An ex of the 28-year-old 'Into the Wild' star is expecting their first child.", 'Madonna has been through a lot in her three decades in the music business, but she went through something even scarier before she was famous. The Queen of Pop is a rape survivor.', 'Miley Cyrus got "Rolling $tone" tattooed to the bottoms of her feet, but this latest Cyrus tattoo isn\'t on her -- it\'s of her. And it\'s a doozy!', "MikeHollywood Dirt  Miley Cyrus Fueds with Sinead O'Conner, Poses for Raunchiest Photo Shoot Yet + More October 4, 2013", "MonikaLorde's Smash Hit Royals Gets The A Cappella Treatment From Pentatonix October 4, 2013", 'Patty CamposRascal Flatts Concert in Las Cruces, NM Rocked The Pan Am October 4, 2013Sign up for our newsletter', 'Upcoming EventsFebruary 10  December 31SCREAMING EAGLES MARTIAL ARTSKLAQEl PasoOctober 11  October 13El Paso Home & Garden ExpoAbraham Chavez TheatreEl PasoView All EventsPrizes + Rewards', 'Win two tickets to the OU vs Texas game on October 12th from Evolve Federal Credit Unionvalued...', 'Introducing radioPup - the new mobile app that lets you listen to KISS-FM anytime, anywhere. Download the app for iPhone, iPod Touch and Android now!', "Top 10 Ed Sheeran LyricsTop 10 Pink Music Videos20 Best Alchemist Beats (2008-2013)10 Hottest Hip-Hop and R&B WifeysThe Wrap Up: Harrison Ford and Asa Butterfield Stare Each Other Down in New 'Ender's Game' Clip'Anchorman 2: Let Ron Burgundy Sell You a Dodge10 Things You Didn't Know About Resident Evil10 Most Successful Video Game Kickstarter Campaigns", "It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your points and personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your  password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites.", '*Please note that your points, prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network.', 'It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account with your Facebook account, just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing profile and VIP program points. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://kisselpaso.com using your Facebook account.', '*Please note that your points, prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network.', 'Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience.', "Register on 93.1 KISS-FM quickly by logging in with your Facebook account.  It's just as secure, and no password to remember!", 'Sign up for an account to comment, share your thoughts, and earn points to get great prizes.', "Register on 93.1 KISS-FM quickly by logging in with your Facebook account.  It's just as secure, and no password to remember!"]
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
