['See a post that violates the rules below? Had your post stuck in the spam filter? Have a question about policy? Just want to give feedback? Send the mod team a message.', 'Please post news items only, with the exception of meta posts about /r/news itself. Self-posts aggregating news data and "independent reporting" each count as news, but are not an excuse to editorialize.', "If your post doesn't fit, consider finding an appropriate news article on that story to submit instead, or submitting yours to lower moderation subreddits:", '/r/FoodForThought - discussion-worthy long form articles about interesting subjects', 'or check out the 200 most active subreddits, categorized by content and the full list of subreddits by activity.', "I'm currently at work at the front desk of a hotel in College Station, TX, and I just had a guest check out 2 days early and sprint to his car to head over there. Apparently it's his hometown and he's going to see what he can do to help.", 'There were many unfortunate effects of the explosion.  It affected many residents and effected damage to many buildings.', 'http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/1ckxw7/live_update_thread_west_texas_fertilizer_plant/', "People on my FB are reporting hearing it in south arlington and south dallas. I couldn't hear it in richardson. ", 'Small community of about 2500 with a popular stop called the Czech Bakery where you can get the best Kolaches known to man. ', 'I live 1.5 hrs away and will check in the morning to find out what help I can offer. ', '"Breaking" news is supposed to mean 1 of 2 things.... originally it meant that the news was sooooo important that TV stations would interrupt regularly scheduled programming in order to bring you the news immediately.', 'Later it changed and was used in a manner to mean "it just recently happened".  It was fresh news.', "Now it seems to be used (not in this case, but in general) for shit that's 7 hours old.  It's no longer fresh, and you certainly aren't interrupting sporting events and prime time TV to talk about it.", 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']