['a community for 5 yearsmessage the moderatorsMODERATORScodepoetborn and bredMusicmantobesgorillagnomes1808182Politics aside if anyone needs help trying to figure out what they qualify for under the ACA here are the websites you need to know (self.texas)submitted 1 day ago by maowsers93born and bredHere is the website for the subsidy calculator that will let you know if you qualify for any subsidies under the ACA', "Here in Texas of course we won't qualify for medicaid under it so ignore anything that talks about that. ", "Here is the website For the health insurance marketplace if you need to get personal insurance because you can't get it through work, school, parents, etc. ", '"You will not be eligible for subsidies in the exchanges because your income is below 100% of the federal poverty level.". When she tried to enroll it told her the same thing. If she (or anyone else under the FPL) works with a navigator will it cover them??? ', 'Edit: A guy I know who lives in Wisconsin said the same thing happened to him when he tried to enroll. He is a student below the FPL. Regardless, is this just a glitch or something?', "I know a few people who are just relieved that they don't have to worry about the new law and a few other people still that are disappointed they can't get coverage. It seems to be a grab bag. ", "Neither of these seems likely within the next year or so. Despite the Republican party's best efforts, the law isn't likely to go anywhere. I fear that the poor in Texas will simply be left out for the foreseeable future.", "However, it is worth noting that 25% of Texas's population is uninsured and 30% of Texas's female population is uninsured. That is a sizable number of people who don't have coverage who may not get any aid because of the poverty line short fall. I didn't realize until posting the information for this that this will likely become a huge campaign issue in future elections. ", 'Keep in mind Texas just said that the navigators have to have 40 more hours of training than they were originally supposed to have so some might not be up and running for another week.', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']