['Right, thanks for linking an article that clearly states that the ACA is constitutional and that the house is shutting down the government over the provision of one law that they already negotiated while in committee before they passed it.  ', "Congress does hold the power of the purse, but to shut down the entire government because you want to RENEGOTIATE A LAW THAT THEY'E ALREADY NEGOTIATED!!! is inexcusable. Give me one time that President Obama shut down the entire government because he didn't get his way. You and people like you are the reason why things like this keep happening because you keep making excuses for extremism. ", "Why is it so bad? Why is it so bad that the entire government is shut down totally shuttering NASA, WIC, cutting off people's paychecks, etc. etc. Why is that so bad?? Do you even fucking hear yourself?", 'Edit: and this "Obama has no problem single handedly making exemptions and changes illegally" is total fucking nonsense. Do you honestly think that the GOP controlled house that vehemently froths at the mouth with hate for Obama would actually sit and watch him take illegal actions and NOT impeach him???', "So, after a law passes through both chambers, is amended and everyone agrees on it, is signed by the President, and upheld by the constitution you don't get to keep calling it unconstitutional and shutdown the government when it goes into effect. It is their job to run the government. What negotiation do they think they're doing???? What is the President or the Dems going to get out of these negotiations??? The government will run again?? That isn't a negotiation. This is absolutely absurd and people excusing their extremist actions is enabling this harmful behavior.", 'If people can\'t pull this "pox on both your houses" obsession from their mouths, shit like this is just going to continue because people like Cruz think they are fucking rock stars with this attention. ', "Edit: And I shouldn't even say the Republicans are doing this. There are moderate Republicans that are trying to do the right thing here. This is the petulant Tea Party's doing! This nonsense and childishness didn't even really start until 2010. These freshmen legislators are holding the entire government hostage. They're doing the same thing down here in Texas with funding for our infrastructure, hence the reason why West Texas is now converting paved roads back down to gravel. Yeah, these people need to be kicked the fuck out of office. ", "So, after a law passes through both chambers, is amended and everyone agrees on it, is signed by the President, and upheld by the constitution you don't get to keep calling it unconstitutional and shutdown the government when it goes into effect. It is their job to run the government. What negotiation do they think they're doing???? What is the President or the Dems going to get out of these negotiations??? The government will run again?? That isn't a negotiation. This is absolutely absurd and people excusing their extremist actions is enabling this harmful behavior. ", "Uh, Italian here! My dad's family is from Sicily and they are pretty fucking white. Shall I have a talk with my grandmother about her green eyes? Mayhaps I should inform her that her pale skin is conflicting with tumbler's narcissism. Just to point something out here ..... Sicilians are about as dark as Italians get sooooo .......... ", 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']