['No politics. Political videos (including ones related to current political figures) should be submitted to r/politics, r/worldpolitics, etc.', 'No personal information such as names, Facebook pages, phone numbers, addresses, etc. This is grounds for an immediate (and likely permanent) ban, so consider this a warning.', 'No witch-hunting or incitement to witch hunt. This means no demanding "Reddit justice" in any way in post titles or comments.', 'No police brutality/violence videos. Consider posting to a different subreddit, like /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut or elsewhere.', 'If your submission does not appear in the new queue, please contact us (be sure to include a link to the Reddit post (i.e. comments section), not the content you are linking). Simply deleting your post may cause the spam filter to catch future ones.', 'Also, please contact us regarding spam, political or any other inappropriate videos, as this helps us remove them more quickly!', 'Missed the best of Reddit yesterday? Catch the daily recap and best links at /r/tldr', 'edit: update - thankfully it appears no perforated drums for either as an individual mentioned the child was on the today show', "I can't imagine being near a blast like this and potentially having both ears impacted by it.  I'm dizzy just thinking about it.", "The first time was during diving training when my BCV had a bad fill valve that stuck open and I shot from two atmospheres of pressure to less than one (was well above sea-level) very rapidly. Immediate rupture of the right eardrum. My hearing was always a little off and the ear didn't clear well after that. Sometimes stuff sounded like the adults in Peanuts. Wah wah wah wah wahhh.", "The second time was fairly recently when I got a really nasty ear infection, the antibiotics didn't help, and the eardrum wound up rupturing due to fluid buildup. It was so incredibly loud and sudden. It startled the shit out of me. I saw a doctor a couple hours later when their office opened, they saw that it was ruptured, they took a culture and sent me on my way with cephalexin. I had to go to Maryland (3000 miles away) a few days later and they wound up calling my home phone (against my specific instructions to call my cell) and leaving a message that I actually had a very bad staph infection and that they were prescribing Cipro immediately. I didn't get that message for over a week. Thankfully it cleared up. I don't like the idea of stuff in my body going septic.", 'Oddly enough, after the second rupture healed (took about 6 weeks), my hearing is better than it was before the first one with tests to confirm, and it clears much easier.', "I don't pray, but my thoughts are with everyone who's lives were torn apart tonight. ", 'I hate talking to people because I constantly keep asking "what"? Or the equivalent and it annoys the shit out of people. Most think I\'m ignoring them when I don\'t respond. I constantly have to sniff to regulate the pressure in my ears so it doesn\'t hurt all the time. People must think I\'m a huge coke addict, but it is a habit that I don\'t even realize I do it anymore. Others contribute it to allergies and don\'t say anything. ', 'Totally tone deaf too. Karaoke night sucks so I just blame it on the a a a a alcohol.', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']