Bankrupt America - The Irrelevance of the Debt Ceiling // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 205Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 71Corporations or politicians hurting America? 11The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 07, 2011| 17 commentsBankrupt America - The Irrelevance of the Debt Ceilingsource: http://www.peacefreedomprosperity.com/?p=3872An error occurred while setting up video display.shanklinmike added thisBy David P ShirkOver the news we have been hearing about the idea of congress raising the debt ceiling. It has been pointed out that if it is not raised, then many entitlements will not be paid. On the flip side if the debt ceiling is to be raised even higher to cover the cost of all the programs that were promised, then there will be no way to meet that debt no matter what you raise taxes to. Indeed both of these options present some very serious problems.If government entitlements and are not paid, and other contracts are not honored, then there is a very high chance that riots will indeed ensue when peoples dependency on receiving government checks is severed. However if the debt is raised to meet those contracts and entitlements for the coming year, then the amount of resulting debt extension will make the consequences for the following year more dire. Qe2 will not suffice as it still results in more government debt that we the people are bound as citizens to pay. Monetizing the debt (increasing the money supply to meet the debt), will only result in even greater damage for reasons to numerous to name.Yet as serious as this problem sounds, it is at this point irrelevant. The amount of unfunded debt from 2010 going into this year (which is far more than merely raising the debt ceiling can cover) remains a problem that I have not even seen the news address yet (for more information on the exact amount and to whom it is owed, go to http://www.treasurydirect.gov/govt/reports/pd/pd.htm and for the exact breakdown, go to http://www.treasurydirect.gov/govt/reports/pd/feddebt/feddebt_dec10.pdf ). What you must keep in mind is that the number 4,624,007 is not expressed in the dollar amount, but rather in the millions, meaning that the real rolled over debt is 4,624,007,000,000  4.6 trillion.Politicians on the hill have grown complacent to this number. After all, the same number at the end of 2008 was 4.3 trillion. So if we can continue to carry over debt from one year into the next without a catastrophe, why should they pay it any notice? Given this simple way of looking at things, it would seem like the debt can be allowed to simply continue to go up.Yet here is the part that no politician wants to mention  how the debts were funded, and how were they rolled over. Heck, your average US subject would never even bother to go to http://www.treasurydirect.gov/govt/reports/pd/pd_sbredemptionsissuesbyseries.xls , and find out how this happens. This oversight of tracking how the debt is funded is what will cause the catastrophe. If you want a real jaw dropper as to the impending danger of what is happening, I encourage you to open the link. The amount of bonds outstanding (the money received by the government for the sale of the bonds), is not nearly enough to meet the debt rolled over from 2010 into 2011, let alone to fund this years budget. This is why the raising of the debt ceiling is irrelevant.  The outstanding debt was 4.6 trillion  the amount of bonds it had to back it was only about 2.2 trillion, meaning that for the first time, we have 2.4 trillion dollars of debt, and absolutely no way to answer it.In 2008 people like Peter Schiff, Gerald Celente, and Ron Paul warned of this danger. Yet so blind are most people to the nations economy, they laughed at them. The three people I just mentioned attempted to break the problem down into laymans terms knowing that most people would be lost if they dug into the specifics  and because people attack what they do not understand, they mocked them. The sad reality is that people missed the point of their arguments completely, and what is coming very soon is the result.Yet those 3 (amongst many others) made 1 last warning knowing that the spending of government would not slow  and that was the danger of monetizing the debt. Monetizing the debt would mean that the FED would simply print the money into existence. Outside of running the very high risk of creating hyperinflation, there is of course another danger.The Federal Reserve is not a government entity. It is a private banking institution owned by people who have little to do with our government. Their sole responsibility was to create a ....http://www.peacefreedomprosperity.com/?p=3872 groups:News, Right Wing Nuts, Decepticons, ShankLitarian Propaganda tags:News,Current TV,Current,Media,Economics,FAIL,Banks,Fraud,Federal Reserve,Liberty,Banking,Budget,Spam,Bankruptcy,Finances,Economic Collapse,bankers,Big Government,Bills,bankrupt,Bureaucracy,cost,shanklinmike's spam,bubbles,debt slavery,Bonds,busts,shanklinmike's sockpuppets,central banking,I like looking at the funny tags pertaining to Mike Shanklin.,central bank,financing,Banking System,Fiat Currency,central bankers,central banks,Ecomony,economic slavery,Federal Reserve System,Bigger Deficits,Depressions 37 more|17 comments// Bankrupt America - The Irrelevance of the Debt Ceilinghide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0ghostofamericai watched a clip yesterday about money and debt, and in the American economy they are appear to literally be different sides of the same coin.  as is mentioned here, all money is essentially borrowed from the federal reserve. 1 day agoflag  reply0ejasun"Where is MY BAIL OUT" ???? title here the debt is irreleventBankrupt I'm Writing a new book  "How to be a hobo for Idiots"I'm sure soon it will be a top stolen book! 2 days agoflag  reply0tommicNever  so true the title here the debt is irrelevent, right now spending as in percentage of money the military industrial complex sucks out of the economy producing fewer jobs per dollar spent than any other way to spend money. Until the United States comes to the full understanding that to spend 50% of all revenue on what we call defense, but is really the capitalist military industrial complex that Five Star General and President Dwight D Eisenhower ( a conservative Republican) warned the entire Untited States citizenry about in his farewell speech in 1959. Only when this is realized that the capitalist military industrial complex is really destroying the country we are told it is to protect. can it be changed. For without admitting this most salient point it cannot and will not happen. No society in the known history of the world has been able to do what we are doing now and survive. Every last one is gone. So the choice is really yours do you listen to progressive thinking ( which is neither liberal or conservative) and rational thought based on logic and historical perspectives. Or choose not to with certainty that it can only insure disaster and failed previous spending habits in how we as a people choose to exercise our way to run our society based on defense based industries. This is not to say we should not have Army Navy Air Force Marines we do and would, this is about spending half of what we spend on defense in order to be able to handle debt, handle deficits, pay for social programs and bring a stable financial world to order starting here at home with the most benifit being felt the quickest to bring manufacturing and new technologies manufacturing back to the United States in the long run producing more jobs per dollar than were when the military industrial complex sucked it dry. 2 days agoflag  reply-1shanklinmike  tommic:I would like to end statism altogether.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOGq_1710U4 2 days agoflag  reply-2PressCore  tommic:Good points. I ^ed your comment. 2 days agoflag  reply-1PressCore  shanklinmike:When Mao Tse Tung said that: " Power flows from the barrel of a gun " he wasn't off target though. Have you ever seen that 1997 movie: Starship Troopers produced by Paul Verhoeven ? If you haven't, check it out some time. There's a scene early on in the movie where Casper Van Dien ( gotta love my kin, the Dutch ) has a discussion with his classroom teacher played by Michael Ironside. Check out what they have to say, and it will restate Chairman Mao's political philosophy in other words, and more fuller detail as to its full implications. You don't have to agree with a p.o.v. to learn from it.When Government was small, people & money was big. When Governmentgot bigger, people & money got smaller. No, it doesn't take a genius...As forBig Gummint, and the Statism it breeds, the Alchoholics Anonymous argumentfits. " A man takes a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takesthe man " Once Government stopped functioning to fulfill all its Constitutionalduties, and wasn't in places where they were legaly obligated to be, we beganto see them be everywhere they have no legal right to be. What happens whenwe tolerate Government by men, and not by Constitutional laws. The only true form of Government is Constitutional law, which exists in books. Law is predictable which is why I entered that field after Psychology. 2 days agoflag  reply0EvilTacoCue the litany of people trying to say it doesn't belong in news, even though it pertains to current events, just because Mike posted it. 2 days agoflag  reply-1CreditFigaro-yaaaaawn- yet another ridiculous post about how terrible the debt is and how awful the Fed is.No data, no macroeconomic analysis, just quoting the debt figure and too much  inflammatory BS to name. No thanks, Shanky. I'll bite when someone can prove to me that the Fed is a bad thing. In the mean time, I'll remember that it kept us out of the worst depression in the history of the US. 2 days agoflag  reply+1shanklinmike  CreditFigaro:Murray Rothbard's "America's Great Depression"http://mises.org/rothbard/agd.pdf 2 days agoflag  reply0PressCore  CreditFigaro:I watched a good program on the History channel on January 5, 2011. It wasfirst aired then, 2 days ago, so it's not passe. There were 5 men who took turns in the 2 hour episode giving their take on present trends and what the near future, then long term future will bring. It was a real eye opener. One man was an economist who's very credible. As a reference, check it out some time when it's rerun. I'm sure it'll be on again in a couple of weeks. " Prophets of Doom " is the title of the episode. I won't spoil the surprise for you. Somethingtells me, since the 2007 Denver minted Amero coins were shipped to China, that we'll be seeing an entirely different type of monentary system by the time the next decade starts in 2020. I don't mean to sound like Glen Beck (heaven forbid) but it is a well accepted fact that what we have now is not sustainable. I'd be interested in hearing your take on current events if you care to comment, nonetheless, sir. 2 days agoflag  reply0tommic  PressCore:It is correct that the status Quo is financially and socially unsustainable, it is impossible for mankind to continue on the present path and survive economically, once the economic systems fail and they may within the frame of time it would take mankind to change from a system of constant debt, currency based on nothing more than a promise to pay, essentially a check. to resource based economy. There would be or will be anyway no matter what we do for no great leap forward will come without sacrifice. The problems are so deeply ingrained that its going to be difficult although not impossible. 1 day agoflag  reply0hotjuno  CreditFigaro:I can not "-yaaaaawn-" like you. But I am sick of terror speech that comes across as 'skepticism'.You say, "No data, no macroeconomic analysis, just quoting the debt figure and too much inflammatory BS to name." Really?Let me guess...you have a groundless stance, right? Come on now, what do you stand for? To help you out here--it is ok to say 'BS'. You've said it before, you can say it again. LOLYour sophistry is terroristic in nature, it is. But this is ok too."...macroeconomic analysis...", again really? LOLBe honest, you don't believe in the free flow of INFO, do you? I mean, with all the cuts coming down the road--the public library system will virtually disappear. You know this. Before the 2008 election the previous president you voted FOR purged the nation's E.P.A. library of your 'macroeconomic analysis' you so wantingly require as, there's that word...evidence. So your concern isn't the 'stance' that you refute but how the fook did that person get the INFO in the first place. ad hominem aside, you display terror speech but the problem we suffer is that no one is saying it until...now! LOLFlicka T Flocka T FlakeHelp us destroy the planet for your own sakeAnd if you don't believe our lie then you must dieFlicka T Flocka T FlakeFlicka T Flocka T FlakeLOL LOL 1 day agoflag  reply0davids80  CreditFigaro:The treasury debt is no data - with entire documents on the topic with charts included? damn - you did not even read it did ya? 12 hours agoflag  reply0CarlosIsDownHow'd this get to No. 1 so quickly? 2 days agoflag  reply0BrushwithDeathToothpaste  CarlosIsDown:It had some well orchestrated help 1 day agoflag  reply0Nick19  CarlosIsDown:He has his drones spam it up all the time. Spam him with funny pictures and don't take him seriously. 1 day agoflag  reply0davids80  CarlosIsDown:A main topic on the news has been the debt cieling. In all of the news i have seen on it, not once once was the facts listed coming from the Dept of treasuries own site - including all the rollover debt from last year uncovered by any form of securities. There are three links in the article, each leading to pages that give a heck of a lot more info then was in this article. Did you click on these links, read their content, and analyse it before commenting? Does not sound like ya did. 7 hours agoflag  replymore fromNews:SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Latest Updates Five People Injured In SUV Rollover Toyota Needs Brake Override Technology Anonymous OperationTunisia most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10Imran Khan: Pakistan is 'going down' more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-Dadefrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  7 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  15 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  17 minutes agoI will defend anyone's right to free speech.   I merely hope those doing the speaking understand the consequences of their words.  Speak from the heart but think with your conscience. Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  1 hour agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the... mcjk commented on AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event...  1 hour agoWhat kind of news article does it take for people to have a mature, rational discussion here on Current?  Seriously, multiple people died, and more injured- and most of the comments I am reading...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog