Attack over prophet Muhammad cartoons thwarted in Denmark // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 85Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 29, 2010| 38 commentsAttack over prophet Muhammad cartoons thwarted in Denmarksource: http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20101229/ap_on_re_eu/eu_denmark_terror_arrests#mwpphu-containerAn error occurred while setting up video display.JohnA added thisCOPENHAGEN, Denmark  Police in Denmark and Sweden said they thwarted a terrorist attack possibly hours before it was to begin Wednesday, arresting five men they say planned to shoot as many people as possible in a Copenhagen building housing the newsroom of a paper that published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad.Four suspects were arrested in the suburbs of Copenhagen, including a Tunisian, a man from Lebanon and an Iraqi asylum-seeker. A fifth suspect, a Swedish citizen of Tunisian origin, was arrested in Sweden. The Danish Security and Intelligence Service said it seized a submachine gun, a silencer and ammunition."An imminent terror attack has been foiled," said Jakob Scharf, head of the service. He said three of the men were arrested as they left a suburban Copenhagen apartment, "either heading out to carry out the terror attack or to do some kind of reconnaissance."Scharf described some of the suspects as "militant Islamists with relations to international terror networks." He said more arrests were possible.Danish intelligence said the group had been planning to enter the building where the Jyllands-Posten daily has its Copenhagen newsdesk and "to kill as many of the people present as possible."Scharf said the assault was to have been carried out sometime before this weekend, and could have been similar to the 2008 terrorist attack in Mumbai, India, that left 166 people dead."It is our assessment that the plan was to try to get access" to the newspaper office and "carry out a Mumbai-style attack," Scharf told reporters.http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20101229/ap_on_re_eu/eu_denmark_terror_arrests#mwpphu... groups:News, News and Politics, World Politics tags:Terrorism,Islam,Arrests,Law and Order |38 comments// Attack over prophet Muhammad cartoons thwarted in Denmarkhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0pjacobs51Hey everyone: they're fucking cartoons. Get over it. There are real live actual wars being waged in Muslim countries right now, and this is the best cause that fanatics can come up with? Get a life, guys. Get some perspective. Being a religious fundamentalist fanatic is a poor, misguided choice in life, but if you are going to be one, at least target causes that have some impact on the larger world. Try assuaging the suffering of the poor, stuff like that. You people still angry over this damn cartoon are the mirror image of Ground Zero Mosque protesters. 10 days agoflag  reply+1maasanova  pjacobs51:The Muslim cartoons and the mosque were media designed provacations meant to drum up support for the failing fake war on terrorism. I highly recommend this video, the Hatemongers Among Us, as a counter-balance to the rabid zio-propagandists who do nothing but post mooozlem cartoons all day instead of thinking critically.This video does get into the Danish cartoon thing too, and where it originated from.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxnbngV_zOg 10 days agoflag  reply+2freecrack  pjacobs51:ever notice it is thier conservatives who try to make us out to be evil, as our conservatives try to make them out to be evil.its like we are all being held hostage by thier bullshit.the majority of the arab world doesnt give a shit about us, and the majority of us dont give a shit about them.yet each sides conservative elements demand war.it isnt so much the united states or the west versus the tlaiban/alqueda as it is our political hacks waging war on our bahalf against thier political hacks who also want war. 10 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  maasanova:no one but you cares 10 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  pjacobs51:the poor get to blow themselves up and reside with 72 virgins. it doesnt get much better than that 10 days agoflag  reply0Prijedor  congoboy:its very sad that there are muslims that probably believe that crap 7 days agoflag  reply0maasanovaThis is more shoddy reporting and the fact that AP can't even get basic facts straight just leads me to believe that this may be more fake terror meant to keep the fake war on those evil MOOOZLEMS in the news.If the Danish officials have any evidence to prove that these guys are guilty of anything or what these men's connections to international terrorists were, then let them prove it.As with all of these reports on so-called Muslim terror attacks, you have to read between the lines.Later reports show that Danish police were to release one man because they had no evidence on him, but a district court were to detain the three others to investigate why they had an illegal weapon.http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/top/all/7359476.htmlThe claims on what the men were set out to do are unclear. The intelligence official is quoted as saying "either heading out to carry out the terror attack or to do some kind of reconnaissance."How did he know what they were going to do? Is the official a mind reader? Which was it? Were they set out to kill people or where they out on reconnaissance? Also, the report says they found one submachine gun, and then the intelligence official is quoted as saying "We knew that there were weapons in the car," So which is it? Multiple weapons or only one submachine gun?If the officials are so sure that they were going to carry out a terror attack, then they should have some evidence to prove it to everyone. Until then, this is just more zio-propaganda. 10 days agoflag  reply0curtisreed  maasanova:PRO-ISLAMIST APOLOGIST TO THE RESCUE!!! 10 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  curtisreed:If these guys were actually terrorists and were caught for having killed innocents then I have no problem with them going to the gas chambers. The funny thing is that based on these reports, there really is no evidence to prove that these guys are terrorists and obviously no one was killed.If one of the supsects gets sent to the hoosegow for possessing an illegal weapon then great! It's good that you get criminals off the street.Until then, address the issues I've brought up and prove that they are terrorists or STFU. 10 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:in case ya havent noticed the problem with prosecuting jihadis is the same as sentencing someone for the crime of suicide.its just too late. 10 days agoflag  reply+1unclecharlieI never read anything about Stalin or Hitler admiring Muslims. That being said, if someone is willing to kill another human being over a damn cartoon, they are morally, socially, and intellectually bankrupt. Islam- a religion of peace? Sure, I guess that's why mass murder is a part of their practice of Islam. 10 days agoflag  reply+1congoboy  unclecharlie:well said! 10 days agoflag  reply0curtisreed  unclecharlie:I'm not sure what you mean...do you mean to imply that, to your knowledge, Hitler did not admire or ally himself with the Muslims, or that the media simply don't report it?not sure of the intent of your comment.the information is available if you search for it. 10 days agoflag  reply+1congoboycould use a new pr campaign 11 days agoflag  reply+1crystalmanFeel the love from the religion of peace. Koran: 9.111. 'Allah has bought from the believers their selves and wealth because Paradise is for them. They fight in Allah's cause, and they kill or are killed.'No wonder Hitler and Himmler admired the Muslims so much. 11 days agoflag  reply+1galwayman  crystalman:Yes and that's why the elite are pushing them on western society because the world's population is too large for them to control they want to decrease the worlds population and control those who are left and Islam is the perfect choice for them! I say bomb bomb bomb Iran..... lol and squash them like the bugs they are before it is too late! The nanny state liberals who support these murderers wouldn't  last 1 minute in a Muslim nation,and you can bet Islam is laughing at them behind their backs! 11 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  galwayman:do you ever get tired of hating? or can you always rise to the occassion? 10 days agoflag  reply0Prijedor  crystalman:So white supremacists and Islam have a lot in common 7 days agoflag  reply0congoboy  Prijedor:pretty much. why dont you inquire with your neighbors? 7 days agoflag  reply+5remannsIs it just me,....or is that un-cool. ?p.s -the wanna be shooters,...not the arrests. 11 days agoflag  reply+3Itsbatman_Durr  remanns:lol whats f-ed up is that you had to qualify that because you know someone would have jumped in your ass whining that you were supporting terror lol 11 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  Itsbatman_Durr:just had to be sure, clarity and all that.   +^d 11 days agoflag  reply+2curtisreed  remanns:hey now, don't rush to judgement, bro, these good muslims might have been going duck hunting, or they might have been preparing to defend themselves from the violent hordes of racist Danes, or MAYBE they might have been planning some sort of attack, but as the Liberals have pointed out, if they WERE going to do that (and we have no right to assume that they were), FIRST we should ask ourselves: "what have we done to make them hate us?" 10 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  curtisreed:it is a good question worth asking, wich as of yet we havent done.we are still chewing on bush's retarded "they hate us for our freedom" bullshit, and havent begun to understand thier perspective at all.im not saying its what we should be doing first, as asking why they hate us doesnt help us defend ourself from the results of that hatred.but it will be a perpetual cycleif we dont ask, and figure out why they hate us. 10 days agoflag  reply0curtisreed  freecrack:"bush's retarded "they hate us for our freedom" bullshit"]OR, maybe his comment was not as "retarded" as you think.  All you have to do is take your blinders off and look at all the announcements they make about how much they hate democracy, how they think our liberal societies are "the great satan" because of the existence of and tolerance of homosexuality, promiscuous women, the freedom of expression that allows for someone like the Danish cartoonist to mock Islam and Muhammed.In fact, if you'd just think for...maybe 5 seconds...and connect THIS article, about the planned attack on the newspaper that published the cartoon, you can see the direct correlation between their hatred of the FREEDOM of expression and the people they choose as targets.Are there other issues?  Sure, but what is retarded is try so desperately to appear "intelligent" that you grasp for straws to find more complex reasonings to explain something that is actually quite simple:  fundamentalist Islam is INCOMPATIBLE with Western freedoms, and these same Islamists are 100% INTOLLERANT of other religions.  Witness the attacks on Coptic churches this past weekend in Egypt, the attacks on churches all around the world over the past years, the constant attacks on Jews everywhere, talk about extermination of Jews, the bombing of the Bhuddist statues in Afghanistan...the pattern is there but you're too busy trying to over analyze things to see what is right before your eyes.No hay ciego como el que no quiera ver.  There is noone as blind as the one who chooses not to see. 6 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  curtisreed:ya know when they are shown footage of us championing freedom and democracy, it is done in the same out of context way, so it looks like what we want is them to be subserviant to us.when they are damning democracy, and chanting death to america, in thier cultural context it is the same as us damning oppression and chanting dont tread on me.they dont think we are the great satan.in fact it is a testament to them that they dont think this, despite thier governments selling the shit out of that idea.they still want to come here.shit the terrorists who are the gys in charge, come here for the good life.those amongst them who buy thier governments bullshit are stupid and missled, but when you buy it as legit, you are enlightened?you are lumping radical islam in with the rest.would it be reasonable to conclude that ugandas treatment of gays, is indicitive of all of christianity?cmon man.thier are over a billion muslims in the world.if they were as proactively pissed about all the things that you cited, and we embody, they would all be at our throats.yet we have to go to them in order to see conflict.they arent coming here in waves.they come here to enjoy the freedom you think they hate.granted they end up driving cabs, but still beats goat herding.im not over anylizing at all.this is racism 101.fundamentalist anything isnt condusive to our polyglot social order.fundamentalist islam, in this regard is no different than fundamentalist christianity (kkk once upon a time) or fundamentalist judaism.yet you section them off as different some how.im not intilectualizing anything, just refuse to have a limited view based on race or religion.as human beings the same rules apply across the board.today its islam's fundamentalists who are fucking up.yesterday it was christianity's, and before that it was judaism's.making all theology equal subject to this malevolency, regardless of brand.ignoring that is literaly ignorance. 6 days agoflag  reply+4bailey78Say doesn't Muhammad work over at the Quic-E-Mart ??I think I have a picture of him some where. 11 days agoflag  reply+2Itsbatman_Durr  bailey78:mom is that you? its so hard to tell without her burka 11 days agoflag  reply+3artemis6  bailey78:I like it ! : ) 11 days agoflag  reply-3galwaymanAnother example that ALL Muslims are potential terrorists! 11 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  galwayman:all everyones are.. well except stephen hawkings.. unless he pays someone to strap a bomb on his chair and roll him into traffic 11 days agoflag  reply+1congoboy  Itsbatman_Durr:lmao 11 days agoflag  reply+1freecrack  Itsbatman_Durr:that chair has all sorts of wiring, and he is a genius.he could mcguyver it into a jihadi effort. 10 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  freecrack:lol with laser beams and rocket propulsion and and sharks!!! 10 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Itsbatman_Durr:your not thinking big enough.sharks with lasers attached austim powers style 10 days agoflag  reply+2Itsbatman_Durrthe things people would do in the name of religion, or political belief, or whatever never fails to overwhelm and disappoint me in humanity 11 days agoflag  reply+2CitizenHill  Itsbatman_Durr:So that has come to your attention as well, fanaticism knows no boundaries. 11 days agoflag  reply+2congoboy  CitizenHill:true, but some fanaticism's have wider boundaries than others. its a sad and unequal world we live in. 11 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Louisiana officials: partsof coastline still heavily oiled Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Watch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Smoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-Dadefrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  18 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  44 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  46 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. oppressed1 commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  55 minutes agoHow is that hope and change thing working out for you. 2 trillion to the banks and car industry. This guy has given more to special intrest than Bush could have ever dreamed of. HE gets a pass... unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog