U.S. Scientist's: Fireworks May Have Caused Bird Deaths In Arkansas // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 83Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 04, 2011| 19 commentsU.S. Scientist's: Fireworks May Have Caused Bird Deaths In Arkansassource: http://www.figrd.blogspot.com/An error occurred while setting up video display.figgdimension added thisUS scientists believe fireworks may have caused thousands of birds to fall from the sky over an Arkansas town on New Year's Eve.Karen Rowe, of the Arkansas Game and Fish Commission, said the red-winged blackbirds probably flew low to avoid explosions and collided with objects.However, she stopped short of declaring the mystery solved, saying further tests on the dead birds are planned.Officials say more than 3,000 birds fell over the city of Beebe.The few that survived their fall stumbled around like drunken revelers, witnesses said.Birds were "littering the streets, the yards, the driveways, everywhere," said Robby King, a county wildlife officer."It was hard to drive down the street in some places without running over them."Initial laboratory reports said the birds had died from trauma, the AGFC said.Residents reported hearing loud fireworks just before the birds started raining from the sky.Tornado damage, Arkansas (31 December 2010) Severe weather over Arkansas could also be the cause of the mystery deaths"They started going crazy, flying into one another," said AGFC spokesman Keith Stephens.The birds also hit homes, cars, trees and other objects, and some could have flown hard into the ground."The blackbirds were flying at rooftop level instead of treetop level" to avoid explosions above, said Ms Rowe, an ornithologist."Blackbirds have poor eyesight, and they started colliding with things."Beebe police chief Capt Eddie Cullum said they were inundated with calls from residents who saw the birds fall.Poisoning has been ruled out after several cats and dogs that ate the dead birds suffered no ill effects, he added.However, another theory is that a violent thunderstorm could have disoriented a roost of blackbirds.Tornadoes swept through Arkansas and neighboring states on 31 December, killing seven people.City authorities have hired a specialist waste disposal firm to collect the dead birds from gardens and rooftops, and remove themVia BBC news   and no word on the Fish!?groups:News, Entertainment, Green, Culture, WTF, Random, Earth and Science, Current Tonight, Viral Videos, Webmash, Funny, Geek Out Culture, Odd News, Zombies, Left Coast, cool 12 moretags:News,Wildlife,Arkansas,Fireworks,figgdimension,figrd,Birds Deaths 3 more|19 comments// U.S. Scientist's: Fireworks May Have Caused Bird Deaths In Arkansashide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel-1Bahai144In the U.S. media they're actually saying: 1.That there's no connection at all between the dead fish and the dead birds. and 2.That it was fireworks that made the birds fly into buildings! The people who are at the front lines of putting out these asinine statements clearly think that the public is completely without intelligence and willing to swallow any absurd "explanation" if it's repeated incessantly for a time and attached to the lips of some so-called "experts". Hmmmm...could they be right about that?I've been saying, since I heard the first thing about the redwinged blackbirds and fish in Arkansas, that there are now toxic clouds not too far up that are gathering from all the burning and evaporation they encouraged to happen in the spill and getting more dense. I figured that just like their chemicals cause congealing of the oil in the water its also combined in the air for a gaseous congealing of sorts so now theres the same kinds of toxic clouds in the air that there were/are in the water. Then when it rains through those gas clouds it precipitates out and poisons the inland fresh water and some species are more immediately killed off than others. I've heard also that this is not just happening in the U.S.Of course this will be denied and possibly several such mindbendingly stupid explanations as "blunt trauma" and fireworks displays will be spat out by various "experts" until the corrupt, junk science establishment can come to a consensus about what idiotic party line they feel comfortable getting behind as their official pronouncement in an effort to provide culpable deniability for their corporate masters.  16:3 And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea.16:4 And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and fountains of waters; and they became blood.16:5 And I heard the angel of the waters say, Thou art righteous, O Lord, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast judged thus.16:6 For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, and thou hast given them blood to drink; for they are worthy.16:7 And I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgments.(King James Bible, Revelation) 2 days agoflag  reply0skeeter87Fireworks?!  not hardly....HARRP...? 3 days agoflag  reply0SheevaThe same thing happened four years ago in nearby Texas. They feed the media some bunk back then as well and shortly afterwards millions of bees died suddenly without a clue as to how causing a crop callaspe in America. Will 2007 history repeat itself and if so at what scale? And come on just 360 something miles away 500 more birds fall dead? Where did they get those fireworks? 5 days agoflag  reply0jj2010Dont they light fireworks every year?????? 5 days agoflag  reply0EmperorThanSo the birds flew low because they heard fireworks and collided with 'objects'?What objects would instantly be obstructing the path of 5,000 birds all at once over a large area?I bet the LHC opened up a "Schrdinger's cat scenario" to a parallel universe where the birds were already dead. 6 days agoflag  reply+1eden49  EmperorThan:...heard a guy interviewd last night...apparently there are massive flocks of the birds, and they were consequently spooked by the fireworks, causing them to swoop in fright, and run into obstacles, buildings, trees, whatever, in the dark...makes sense to me, and bloody tragic... 5 days agoflag  reply0Sheeva  EmperorThan:One local reporter has a city worker saying he started picking up dead birds as early as 7 o'clock... people in the area claim they heard them falling up till midnight. "I think we're getting that weather balloon sytle brush off here people." 5 days agoflag  reply+1VierotchkaWith regard to your question about the fish:"Adding to the mystery is an apparent fish kill 125 miles away in the same state. A day before the bird die-off, a tugboat operator near Ozark, Ark., spotted thousands of dead drum fish floating in the Arkansas River. Biologists say the two events are probably not related and suggest that the fish kill  a much more common event than a bird rain  is likely linked to a disease that affected only one species."http://www.csmonitor.com/Environment/2011/0103/Search-for-clues-is-on-after-bird...In other articles I read on the subject, it was written that the fish kill affected drum fish only, and that these fish gather in very large numbers in deep waters in the winter, and this proximity allowed the pathogen (virus or bacteria) to spread rapidly to a huge number of these fish. 6 days agoflag  reply0ozoneoceanThat sounds unlikely. Fireworks look impressive, high and huge from the ground but in reality they don't go that high in the sky and they don't cover a very big area. 6 days agoflag  reply+1noxidereusFireworks? In my opinion that is not a plausible explanation. Fireworks should not be banned as others have suggested. 6 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  noxidereus:Actually, it is a very plausible explanation. 6 days agoflag  reply+1bike10Will be wating for Pat Robertson to give a reason for the birds death. 6 days agoflag  reply0EmperorThan  bike10:Hell at this point the shit he would say might sound more plausible than what they've already proposed. 6 days agoflag  reply0danitassinFireworks? Seriously? Like I commented on the other post of this same story, if it were fireworks, then why didn't they die last new years eve or the 4th of july for that matter. I hope most of us are smart enough to know better. Fireworks have been happening for 100's of years. They would have been killing birds and such a long time ago.Bats have poor eyesight too, why didn't I see any bats falling dead from the sky during our block's fireworks display? (that's a rhetorical question) 6 days agoflag  reply0Eddie_Miller  danitassin:Exactly what I thought. Why wouldn't this happen EVERYWHERE on 4th of July and New Years? The mainstream media is really trying to insult our intelligence on this one... 6 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  danitassin:Because red-wing blackbirds do not flock in the summer, they flock only in the winter. Bats don't rely on eyesight, they rely on sonar, so that is why they have not been crashing into trees and buildings at night, and since they are nocturnal animals, they are not suddenly woken and frightened by loud noises. I'd have thought you were smart enough to know all that. 6 days agoflag  reply0figgdimensionThe funny thing I guess is that they thought it was some Apocalyptic sign and it was their dumb fault probably (hmphf whatbout those fishes) 6 days agoflag  reply0KSiryspeople and their fireworks, that shit is annoying and should be banned already!  retards! 6 days agoflag  reply+1eden49...damn bloody fireworks...millions spent on sheer bloody hedonistic BS...cost Sydney millions to put a flamin' big O on the bridge for Oprah...sorry, got carried away...but they should be banned... 6 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Smoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-Dadefrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  15 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  42 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  44 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog