Here's a fine example of our corrupt Media! 3 Lies Gregory let Senator Lindsey Graham get away with! // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 84Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 03, 2011| 41 commentsHere's a fine example of our corrupt Media! 3 Lies Gregory let Senator Lindsey Graham get away with!source: http://crooksandliars.com/karoli/david-gregory-fails-factcheck-101An error occurred while setting up video display.kennymotown added thisThe push is on to destroy what little healthcare change we were able to get, and the Elite could care less about the 50 million people that have no healthcare! Check out the 3 lies that in the closet Senator Lindsey Graham got away with. This goes on and on, and the mainstream Media continues to serve it's masters the Elites!groups:News, Submit story ideas "ripped from the headlines." tags:|41 comments// Here's a fine example of our corrupt Media! 3 Lies Gregory let Senator Lindsey Graham get away with!hide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+1MayeffieI miss Tim Russert!  This guy sucks.  does anyone know his history? 5 hours agoflag  reply0kennymotown  Mayeffie:As far as I can tell he sucked dick to get where he is. A lot of Dick. 5 hours agoflag  reply+1nanacDavid Gregory is just another mouthpiece/tool for corporate media...I was very disappointed to see him chosen as host of Meet The Press  after the death of Tim Russert...He can't fill Russert's shoes, and the show has loss all objectivity/creditability,  due to his failure to ask the hard questions... 6 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  nanac:Agree 100%, he is definitely a poor replacement! 6 days agoflag  reply+1nanac  kennymotown:I might be wrong, but in my opinion he leans too far to the Right! A good journalist seek the facts/truth in any given subject........... 6 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  nanac:Yes he does lean that way, and I've been trying to come up with a TV Journalist these days that isn't in the million dollar good old boys network. They are rich by the time they get to the top of the media pyramid and thats not by chance. Well paid to say the right things, we haven't had a good one since Walter Cronkite calling bullshit on the Vietnam war. Imagine if just one of these current talking heads stood up during the Iraq war. 6 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durrits a shame that the media could care less anymore about how transparent their failings are. but what does 'in the closet' have to do with anything? using that as a negative connotation is offensive and kind of makes me lose a little respect for ya 6 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  Itsbatman_Durr:By mentioning his in the closet posture I am only stating he is a hypocrite on another front. Why would he hide it, would his constituents vote him out. A soul cleans would do wonders for this Hypocrite, and why would anyone take any of his stances seriously? 6 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  kennymotown:why would it be anyones business? do we deserve to know if he wipes his ass front to back? if he dresses his junk left to right? sex life is a personal issue and some people are ok with putting theirs out there, others think its noones business. it doesnt make one a hypocrite or hiding something, it just means that its private. some actually find it declasse to discuss their sex lives in public. it has no bearing on his capabilities to serve, or lack thereof 6 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  Itsbatman_Durr:It was everyones business when he was obstructing don't ask don't tell! That's hypocrisy at it's highest level! 6 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  kennymotown:no it wasnt. people of every sexuality are permitted to have their own opinions on issues, even if they are wrong. and still it has nothing to do with his sexuality or yours mine or anyone elses alleged right to know it 6 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  Itsbatman_Durr:Will just have to agree to disagree on that matter! 6 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  kennymotown:indeed! it happens! youre still a rock star in my book lol 6 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  Itsbatman_Durr:Same back at you, did you happen to watch the movie on the meaning of the Wizard of Oz post? Excellent! I think it still is number one story! 6 days agoflag  reply+2Stoneyroadi DVRed this show because i knew Lidsey would be floating some brain farts.i geuss nobody in the media has a sense of smell. 6 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  Stoneyroad:Yes indeed he is quite smelly! 6 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Stoneyroad:they sold it along with their morality and sense of public service 6 days agoflag  reply+4common_sense_pleasewhat's the definition of insanity---listening to Republicans tell you they actually care about anybody besides themselves and the uber rich and believing it each time they say it. 6 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  common_sense_please:Yes indeed! 6 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  common_sense_please:way to over generalize.. haven't you tripped on the fact yet that repub or demo means nothing as far as power goes, its the rich and powerful in charge and the rest of us and thats all. the party system is just a static generator to keep us sniping at each other and thinking we actually have a say in things 6 days agoflag  reply0common_sense_please  Itsbatman_Durr:lighten up....it was a joke.  Way to take this article WAY too seriously.And I agree....politics is theater and both the Dems and the Repubs are only out for themselves and promoting their own agenda and screw the rest of us outside the Beltway. 4 days agoflag  reply+1PrijedorWhy not? they only serve the ones who pay them. What can you do? Stand up and start up your own media, have it run on peoples money and then you will have a media source you can rely on 6 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  Prijedor:thats exactly what current, i believe, and myself with opensourceworld.us are hoping to do, once i get the ball rolling. the time has come for people to use the internet for more than facebook and flamewars, but to put the public back into serving the public good 6 days agoflag  reply+2KSirysGreat post Kenny! 6 days agoflag  reply+2KSirysLike i said before, this government only cares for the rich, politician and companies... as long as these rats, oops, i mean reporters, go on covering the lies, the sheep will continue to follow. 6 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  KSirys:Your absolutely correct about that! Revoking their airwaves licenses would be a great start, they are not serving the public, therefor they are in violation of their licenses. 6 days agoflag  reply+2ConniepaeThat's the problem!  People like Gregory stay silent while others lie!  Shame on him!  Shame on the Republicans for lying, but the most shame goes to media figures like Gregory, whom people tend to trust.  Many Americans believe if Senator Graham was lying, Gregory would speak up.  How do we convince people that media figures like Gregory do not represent honesty.  Honesty should be a requirement from our representatives and our media.  Shame on them!  Shame, shame, shame! 6 days agoflag  reply+2GENERALNATTYA leader in any country that outright lies to the people should be able to be indicted, face jail time and lose their job , its that simple. We live in a society where its not possible to know all the laws we are governed under , that the time to understand all the topics in politics and finances and how they affect us is simply not available , we cannot afford to be a misinformed. Between not finding weapons of mass destruction and subprime mortgages , we're looking like imbeciles , the media and government have a responsibility too inform us responsibly, if dont know how can we truly be a part of the process?  and if we are not part of the process , how are we gonna be any different than people who live in an absolute monarchy or a dictatorship? 6 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78Lindsey Graham just did a bunch of bouble talk not even good double talk. I guess Meet the Press has been bought like the rest of main stream media. I wonderr what Jon Stewart has to say about this ????? 6 days agoflag  reply+3ThatCrazyLibertarianHe let him get away with the fact that he's a closet homosexual, too.  However, neither matters.  The mandate will most likely be held as unconstitutional and our economy will be on the brink of collapsing by the time anyone gets around to fixing this whole clusterfuck. 6 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  ThatCrazyLibertarian:It is a shame when a single payer approach as in Medicare part E would have covered nearly every American and would have spurred all entrepreneurs a chance to start new business without the fear of losing company insurance plans! That would have been a bold approach although people employed in the healthcare insurance sham would have lost their jobs millions more would have been created. 6 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  ThatCrazyLibertarian:what do his sexual preferences and whether he wants them public knowledge have to do with anything? 6 days agoflag  reply0ThatCrazyLibertarian  Itsbatman_Durr:Not much of anything, really.  I just wanted to throw in another red herring. 6 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  ThatCrazyLibertarian:ah i grok. still.. yuck 6 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotownHere is another article that should come in handy!http://current.com/news/92898756_ceo-compensation-forbes-com.htm 6 days agoflag  reply+5kennymotownI would strongly advise that my fellow current bloggers bring to the forefront article's such as this one to alert the ever increasing use of our media by the very forces that want to destroy whatever is left of a Social Safety net. Senator Lindsey Graham also this week said he would suggest a permanent U.S. presence in Afghanistan. Why are we as a nation funding the worlds police force? You got to ask yourself why is my country caring more about defending the Global Corporatist and less about the welfare of it's own citizens? 6 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotownWhat is it going to take for the people to rise up and smash the Elite of this country! A country that has it's priority's in funding foreign wars and ignoring the people, will shirley die! 6 days agoflag  reply+3figgdimension  kennymotown:we are on the verge of an all out revolution and all you see on TV is BS and pundits no substance left at all... but at least we'll have surprise on our side :)  e. plurubis unum! 6 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  figgdimension:Hopefully soon before we are all unemployed! 6 days agoflag  reply+1Prijedor  kennymotown:We dont need a revolution... we just need to bring up awareness about our constitution. People need to be reminded nation wide. People also need to stop waiting for the government to give them the source of income and get it them selves! make something of your own, the guy that took the jobs over seas, start doing the same crap he was but here, find out who he/she is selling it to and go after it, stop fucking whining and do something productive 6 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  Prijedor:First of all I am not whining, second since I am making a story available about the fourth estate the only business written into the constitution (Media) I think I am making people aware of a huge part of the constitution that is currently being stepped on and abused. I do appreciate your comment though and yes indeed people need to start up those businesses that have been outsourced cause when oil becomes too expensive to ship by oil burning container ships from China a huge opportunity to manufacture those item right here. 6 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-Dadefrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  15 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  42 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  44 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. oppressed1 commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  53 minutes agoHow is that hope and change thing working out for you. 2 trillion to the banks and car industry. This guy has given more to special intrest than Bush could have ever dreamed of. HE gets a pass... unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog