Childhood Sexual Abuse: Body memoriesHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesSocial IssuesViolence and Abuse IssuesChildhood Sexual Abuse: Body memoriesChildhood Sexual Abuse: Body memories83rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Windtraveller See all 5 photosAll photo's by Toos PoelsNightmares and body memoriesInvoluntary spasms, nightmares and spontaneous bruising are just a few of the ways in which body memories assert themselves. The survivor of Childhood Sexual Abuse often suffers from physical harm in the long term,in addition tothe obvious physical harm that comes from having an adults sexuality visited upon the pre-pubescent body and the psychological damage.  Many survivors have trouble sleeping. The night holds no comfort, in particular if this was the time of day when the abuse most often occurred. Things go bump in the night, every sound is amplified by the sense of isolation that the darkness brings. There are many sounds that remindyou of the abuse:Footsteps down thehall, thebed in the next room creaking,is that the doorI hear?And that's just when you're awake!  Nightmares add a new dimension to fear. The things that the survivor of childhood sexual abuse has experienced are locked somewhere in the sub-conscious mind. A place where during the daytime the survivor rarely goes, except through triggers and perhaps therapy sessions. At night that door is blown wide open, the sub-conscious mind making a remix of the experiences that appears to maximize on fear and pain, while (sometimes mercifully) leaving out details like faces and identifying traits. Mostly during the nights, but for some survivors during the days as well, the body remembers. It spasms, clenches and re-experiences the abuse. This can be very real indeed: people wake up with bruises that they can't account for. Even spontaneous bleeding occurs. No wonder so many survivors are on sleep-medication or avoid sleeping at nights, changing the natural rythm of sleep and waking to accommodate their fears of the darkness. This is an added risk to their mental health as well. Sleep deprivation used to be a favorite torture instrument, making people lose sight of reality and basically using their own fears against them. The effect of incessant nightmares, sleep deprivation and unexplained physical phenomena tends to be disastrous on a persons mental health.  Add to that the fact that many survivors have no previous recollection of the events of their childhood, having repressed their memories. No wonder they think they're going crazy, and indeed often survivors are misdiagnosed as having psychotic episodes with extreme anxiety.    Real Memory SyndromeWhile there is much ado about the "false memory syndrome", only 0.2 % of the reports made are considered false. The mind is a wonderful thing and I'm sure that to the suggestible mind it's possible to implant memories, as recent research has shown. However, as much as society may wish to believe otherwise, the memories I'm speaking of here are very real. As painful as videotaped porn showing images of this may be, it has served to bring to everyone's attention that these things DO HAPPEN. I have real memories of being abused by an adult who because his penis was several sizes too large for my pre-pubescent body spent quite a bit of time stretching me. Others weren't so lucky, they were brutalizedand threatened into silence by someone twice their size. I've never lost a memory myself. As survivors go, I was reasonable mature at the time it happened (12 years old, the mean age being 8). Burying the memory completely, so as not to remember a thing is a relatively unsofisticated (read young) defence mechanism. Most survivors have memories that they've always had, showing what they've always known. Often the emotional content is disconnected (and thus not linked to the abuse) and the memories are more like a black and white movie of something that happened someplace, sometime, far away, maybe to someone else. If I'm not really there for the abuse, it doesn't hurt and it's just a fact oflife.As a child living this it is quite different as the adult remembering. While the child may suffer pain and become confused, it copes the best way it knows how. Usually this involves trying not to think about it and trying to avoid situations where it happens. The child has an ego-centered view and thinks that things happen because of something the child did or didn't do. This, more than anything, protects the child from knowing the real truth, the one that is so glaringly obvious once grown: The child is at the mercy of the adult abusing it and is powerless to do anything about it.The realness of my memories has protected me from doubting myself, doubting the abuse really happened. Believe me, it's very tempting to convince yourself that it didn't happen, or that if it did, it wasn't so bad. Esspecially since when you start telling about it, people don't want to believe. They don't ask for the details, they don't want to know. Even after you start talking about the abuse (often many years after it happens) it's hard to find someone who is willing to believe you, willing to help you struggle through your inner landscape of confusion and mixed emotions. People want you to be okay,they want things to seem not as bad and their favorite way of establishing that is:they want to hear you say that you somehow had an active role in the abuse. The difficulty is that you half believe that anyway, from the childs point of view. To a child the father is the hero, adults are twice your size and they rule the world. They feed you and clothe you and teach you what you need to know in life. To deserve such heinous acts to be performed on you you must have done something wrong. It's both your protection and your downfall to think that you somehow instigated the abuse. It makes recovering from childhood sexual abuse a difficult and demanding task.The "Real memory syndrome" starts when you can no longer deny to yourself that you were abused and there was nothing you could have done to save yourself. If you could have, you would have. You've been forced, manipulated, entrapped, ensnared in a web of lies and halftruths and you were no match for the adult involved. It was never your fault. And that means that the trusted adult (80% of all cases involve a trusted adult, either family or close friend) tricked you and abused you and used you for his own sexual pleasure with never a thought about how this might affect you. The "Real memory syndrome" asks you to take a cold hard look at the facts: In my case a 12 year old girl, sort of shy, blonde and barely starting to blossom. No pubic hair, hardly any breast growing, never had a date in my life, never showed any interest in boys. A 34 year old man, friend to the family, grooming me, showing me exciting things about life and triggering an early puberty in me. Riling me up against my family, twisting my words around to suit his depraved needs. Isolating me from whatever contacts I might have had, making fun of my friends,supporting mein myrebellion against my parents. This man preyed on the exclusivity only a child can give you: I had never been touched before. He enslaved me for his sexual pleasures, put a chain around my neck andpreserved me as his own private plaything for over 6 years.That's the Real Memory. Missing memoriesThere's a hole in my life where they should be. The missing memories aren't about things that happened that I don't remember, instead they are about the things that should have happened that never happened because of the abuse.Remember your first date? I don't. Remember your first kiss? I don't.Remember your first dance? I don't.Remember going to the prom? I don't.Remember snickering through sex education? I don't.Remember the first time you ever thought a boy was cute? I don't.Remember the first time you felt a sexual tingle in your body? I don't.The missing memories are a something that is rarely talked about. For six years all my spare time went into being abused. I don't remember my first dance because I never went there. I didn't have a first date until about 4 years ago (first date at 41). I never kissed another boy, because he had made it perfectly clear that such disloyalty would not be appreciated. I never even wanted to kiss another boy, after all they were only after one thing and I had quite enough of that thank you very much. The normal everyday stuff that you go through, highschool, homework, developing your own identity, making friends... all this was disrupted by the abuse. Highschool became my safe place, a place where I could rest. Thank goodness studying wasn't difficult for me, that meant that I still got a nice diploma at the end. If the study had required that I did any homework at all I couldn't have done it: there simply wasn't time.The normal everyday stuff... I don't know what it looks like or feels like. Those missing memories are never to be found again. I've made peace with not having lived that part. I've grieved over the loss of who I might have been. Sometimes it still stings, when I hear people talk about their youth and how they used to "hang out" and "do their thing". Aside from stealing my virginity and all hopes of developing my own sexuality in a natural, normal way, he stole time from me. Now, at 45, looking back and feeling that I am no longer a young woman, this still hurts.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome (3)Beautiful (1)Commentsshamelabboush15 months ago You brought an important subject which is the body memory. The body is like the mind can not forget the abuse though they are linked... Great hub windtraveller.Windtraveller15 months ago Thank you!I've had a tough time with body memories, in particular during intimate moments. I'm happy to report the body can unlearn, but oh, it takes time, patience and time...IvonneDebbie15 months ago I had to cry when reading this, because you said just what I feel and felt..."What could have been"   What kind of person would I have been? The night still haunts me, the little girl is still there in my body screeming and yelling.Windtraveller15 months ago Hi Debbie,I think it's important to take your time to grieve the little girl you lost and the woman you could have been. It's also important not to stay stuck in the grief.You'll know when it's time to move on: the little girl inside will have stopped screaming because you will have listened to her and comforted her.Warm comforting thoughts to you Debbie.IvonnePJ_Deneen14 months ago Thank you for sharing this.  I had many years of therapy before I went to massage school and found out what body memories were.  It's hard to explain this sort of thing to people who think you should just get over it.Windtraveller14 months ago People who say "you should just get over it" seem to be afraid of expressed emotions. You can't just get over it without going through it. Trying to forget and move on is not the same as healing. In fact it's counterproductive.PhoenixW12 months ago Good Stuff!  I liked that Real Memory SyndromeWindtraveller12 months ago Thanks!IvonneSage Williams12 months ago Thanks so much for writing this.  You really did an excellent job.  Body memories, triggers, nightmares, sleep deprivation.  It was a night mare on so many levels and you have done so well in writing about it all.I just published my first hub on dissociation, the artwork and poem express much of what you talk about.  Please stop by and check it out if you get a chance.  http://hubpages.com/_19xubqe28heo6/hub/dissociatioWould like to read more of your hubs.Take CareSageWindtraveller12 months ago Thanks for your kind words. I'm glad I was able to give voice to some of the things that are so difficult to talk about.IvonneGarnetBird8 months ago You're an amazing, wonderful writer! I would love to send you a FREE copy of my own Incest Story, Lake of Shame, just released in April.  I just finished a HUB on brain damage from a new study regarding Incest Survivors, etc.  Keep up the wonderful work--you are a miracle-hug yourself!octanmens6 months ago Great hub windtraveller thanx for sharing this..dawnM4 months ago Hi windtraveller, I was going through the links on my new hub and I came across yours which I included in the first sentence, because it really explained what I was trying to convey about the trauma of childhood abuse that is in the muscle memory.  Thank-you for sharing with us your story, it is so important to others that are struggling with what you went thorough and feel all alone.illeagle4 months ago Hi Ivonne, thanx for writing this. It's that 'what could have been?' that tears us all apart, with every event we think we were not supposed to experience. 'What could I have done different? If only I would have...How much better would my life had been?'Now that I have gained more knowledge and insight, the question I ask is 'What thoughts brought these events about?'I now realize that when I was very young I picked up the 'victim' attitude of my mother along with the 'helpless' attitude of my father which created the perfect storm to invite exactly what I feared and did not want.If there is a positive to abuse, it's that I am learning how incredibly important our thoughts and beliefs are, because the world that we experience is just an echo of our mind.dianeaugust2 months ago This article tells the truth of it.  Even though I have worked, worked, worked to be "normal" if there is such after memories of abuse returned--I find that still at 53 years of age--the triggered responses are there--built in the muscle of my memory.  Sometimes I wonder how we all make it.  Thank you for your words.Thomas T. Mathew2 months ago Hi,I felt your pain when i read the article. May this not happen to any other child.I believe that it is the duty of elders to make a safe and loving environment around children and the family. But, the pursuit of money has made us slaves of the elite. And now, we cant ensure any kind of security for our loved ones.I will do everything possible to save children from all kinds of dangers. My website is an attempt towards that.I need your prayers.may you be able to comfort many others,through your articles.Amy4 weeks ago Your article is great but the pictures are extremely triggering.  And actually there is no supported facts for repressed memories other than the false memory organization keeps repeating that it exists.  Some of their members have been accused of sexual abuse.Just Be Real2 weeks ago Excellent post!  Appreciate you sharing.  Blessings.Chari.ty12 days ago Thanks for letting us share your story.  I was in denial for years, always thinking that I should toughen up...my abuse wasn't that bad.My daughter became an adult and around that time I opened my eyes and saw my "real mother."I hope that by writing it down, I get better clarity and maybe help my daughter when it's the right time for her to understand me.Your hub is wonderful reading!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites89Windtraveller44 Followers32 HubsJoined 18 months agoRead more hubs by WindtravellerContact WindtravellerFollow WindtravellerSubscribe to Windtraveller's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Windtraveller a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsFriend raped by her husband dad. It's a silent issue she's hesitating to tell? Why? suggestions?asked by Crest Thomas 11 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionHow do you find peace after sexual abuseasked by jasper420 6 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated Hubshubchallenge day 25: No money, no job, no lifeby WindtravellerChildhood sexual abuse and automutilationby WindtravellerI chose to overcome sexual abuse not let it overcome meby singedwingangelHubchallenge officially over... the series continuesby Windtravellerhubchallenge day 11: Boundary issues connected with...by WindtravellerHubchallenge about childhood sexual abuse: Blokehoodby Windtraveller Violence and Abuse Issues ForumTopicRepliesMan pleads guilty to posting bomb-making information on Facebookposted by Stacie L1Bullying by peanutsposted by Stacie L12What would you do in this situation?  You are threatened....posted by travelespresso49Post a new topic4 more topics Tagshubchallenge sleep sexual abuse nightmares sleep deprivation childhood sexual abuse Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.638 sec)  working