Report linking vaccine to autism 'an elaborate fraud' // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 210Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 72Corporations or politicians hurting America? 12The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 05, 2011| 22 commentsReport linking vaccine to autism 'an elaborate fraud'source: http://www.usatoday.com/yourlife/health/medical/autism/2011-01-06-autism06_ST_N.htmAn error occurred while setting up video display.unimatrix0 added thisAn infamous 1998 study that ignited a worldwide scare over vaccines and autism and led millions of parents to delay or decline potentitally lifesaving shots for their children  was "an elaborate fraud," according to a scathing three-part investigation in the British medical journal BMJ.The study has long since been debunked and dismissed by the scientific community, which points to 14 independent studies that have failed to find any link between vaccines and autism.Last year, The Lancet issued a formal retraction. British medical authorities last year also found the study's lead author, Andrew Wakefield, guilty of serious professional misconduct, stripping him of his ability to practice medicine in England.Now, the BMJ reports that Wakefield, who was paid more than $675,000 by a lawyer hoping to sue vaccine makers, was not just unethical  he falsified data in the study, which suggested that children developed autism after getting a shot against measles, mumps and rubella.In fact, the children's medical records show that some clearly had symptoms of developmental problems long before getting their shots, BMJ says. Several had no autism diagnosis at all. Wakefield could not be reached by USA TODAY.http://www.usatoday.com/yourlife/health/medical/autism/2011-01-06-autism06_ST_N.... groups:News, News and Politics, Green, Science, Health 1 moretags:Vaccines,Autism recommended by:Vierotchka |22 comments// Report linking vaccine to autism 'an elaborate fraud'hide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0Edward_A_greenhalghThe public's concern must be with the truthfulness of the government agencies. Some vaccines have no side effects while others are quite limited.Thimersol and Guilliam Barre syndrome are two concerns, so the public must believe that the regulatory agencies are acting in the public's best interests. Unfortunately, this is not always true , and private profit is put ahead of safety. This was clearly demonstrated by the Tainted Blood disaster where the doctors knew Hep C was in the blood but they feared that the company's profits would be affected, so they shipped it harming millions. No one was ever held accountable. Similarly several years ago in Canada a flu vaccine had been contaminated and the doctors knew it but were bound by confidentiality clauses so they could not warn anyone and many suffered. I , myself, had my career blacklisted and cancer theories black listed when I reported felony fraud to the federal government. And the government is refusing to release documents which describe the criticized work as so bad it was feces. Now I am asking President Obama foe help , see Cancer Fraud and Bad Biotech 2011 and read letter C : Corruption for details. BUT, the fact remains officials responsible for the public health and safety rather than enforce regulations and laws chose to suppress cancer research , research that had been reviewed by M.D.Anderson Cancer Center. Therefore, it is logical for the public to be skeptical of this latest report. Who is telling the truth? Pharma Backed Government? A researcher backed by a parent's group? Maybe it is time to commission a new fully transparent study to answer the question once and for all. That is what good and responsible science should do. 3 days agoflag  reply0cantucwearebrothersThe study itself concluded that they did not prove association between the vaccine and autism.I've found it interesting, after reading through the multiple posts and comments, that so many are adamant about getting children vaccinated.  I do not contest that there have been some benefits.  I do question, however, the fact that it's mandatory and that routinely there are new vaccines (with little long term testing) quickly approved and added to the 'must have' list.  This is the government and pharmaceuticals we're talking about.  They have proven to not have the public's best interest in mind.  Why is this particular subject so widely accepted?  What will they be injected into willing participants next? 3 days agoflag  reply0angliss  cantucwearebrothers:I live in a state (Colorado) that does not require vaccination, and we semi-regularly have small outbreaks of diseases that would otherwise not occur if vaccination were mandatory.  After the last pertussis outbreak in Colorado, I analyzed the risk data - the risk of severe pertussis vaccine reaction was about 1 in 15,000, while the risk of catching pertussis due to not being vaccinated was 1 in 1,578, nearly 10x the risk.  If more parents opted out of pertussis vaccination than already do, the rate of pertussis infection would be even higher.  The data in this case clearly supports making pertussis vaccine mandatory.There are diseases that are so mild that mandating the vaccine might not make sense based on the data.  But the risk of vaccine reactions are usually so much lower than the risk from the disease that any parent who opts out of vaccines is unnecessarily risking their childrens' lives.  Furthemore, as a parent myself, I'm unsympathetic to the idea that another parent is willing to go against the data, opt out of vaccination, and thus put MY childrens' lives in danger as well.  In the case of pertussis, as with many vaccines, it is still possible to catch the disease after being vaccinated. 3 days agoflag  reply0cantucwearebrothers  angliss:It just makes me uncomfortable when I'm forced to do something, particularly of this nature.  There is limited research on newer vaccines, but yet we're expected to trust the government to keep us safe.  The chicken pox vaccine....newly introduced and them...bam...mandatory.  The HPV vaccine will likely follow suit; how can it not with all of the publicity/advertising it got.It's a problematic position to put ourselves in:  unquestioned trust. 3 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  cantucwearebrothers:Tell that to those mothers whose babies too young to be vaccinated died a horrible death from whooping cough caught from older children who were not vaccinated because their parents refused to have them vaccinated. 3 days agoflag  reply0cantucwearebrothers  Vierotchka:I'm not saying that there aren't pros and cons, there are to everything.  Nor am I advocating anyone to not be vaccinated.  It's just a very militaristic stance we've taken with regards to this issue; essentially believe what you're told is good without question or substantiated research for an acceptable length of time. 2 days agoflag  reply-2XenzakaAutism & the God Connectionhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arVMZS7TUD0 3 days agoflag  reply+1XenzakaI am autistic. It's great to hear people are finally realizing the truth, that Autism is genetic. I simply wish people understood Autism. The truth is Autism is not a disorder, its genetic and part of our diversity (like MANY disorders) the problem comes when the masses stigmatize those that choose to live in different or alternative ways of functioning other than the flock of massesautism doesn't come from junk food, needles or your mother living next to a freeway, if you don't believe me, you will find out FOR SURE in the future after more genetic research on the neanderthal genome is complete i think when the reality of what autism truly is hits people it might cause a literal "evolutionary awakening" to who we are, to how diverse we are, to what makes us who we are, to how different yet how much the same we are also for those interested research autism using two or more of these tags together on google or in books:autism, rhesus negativity, neanderthals, blood, genetic, bacteria, judiasm, gastrolinestional, spirituality, God 3 days agoflag  reply-1CalgarCfirst off the shots are bad for you... since when as pfizer or any other big pharma company good?? second the guy who falsified information is an idiot... 3 days agoflag  reply+4musicjohnny  CalgarC:Well...they keeps us from getting measles bumps or rubella. That counts for something. 3 days agoflag  reply+3angliss  CalgarC:Vaccine shots are bad for you?  How do you figure that?  It's pretty simple math, actually - multiply the chance of having a serious vaccine side effect times the population and compare it to the chance of having a permanent disability of some kind from the disease itself multiplied by the population.  If the number of people having serious side effects is much lower than the number of disabilities, then the vaccine is actually good for you, not bad. 3 days agoflag  reply0CalgarC  angliss:i am talking about the chemicals they use... 3 days agoflag  reply+4SaladinIt's an old story, but it's important because a lot of people don't know about it.Thanks for sharing. 4 days agoflag  reply-2Vierotchkahttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/jeffrey-smith/lymeautism-group-blasts-g_b_268580.h...Lyme/Autism Group Blasts Genetically Modified Foods as Dangerous 4 days agoflag  reply0Ricky84  Vierotchka:I find it EXTREMELY odd that of all the thread on current you would pick this one to post that Huffington Post blog. If we were to ignore the particulars of the issue at hand and just look at that claims within that blog and the body of evidence used to substantiate those claims you could safely say this is exactly the type of thing that helps to perpetuate myths in the first place. Of all the accusation made in that blog not a single peer reviewed paper is mentioned, cited or linked to. Seriously wtf?! 3 days agoflag  reply0VierotchkaI suspect that the consumption of GMO foods by the mothers during pregnancy and by the children has something to do with the rise of autism in the US. 4 days agoflag  reply-2MrMxyzptlk  Vierotchka:You jump like a frog from one paranoid fantasy to another... 3 days agoflag  reply+2gerardange  MrMxyzptlk:Hey MrMxyzptlk.... It is real easy to sit around in your underwear on your big fat ass and fling negative jabs from your computer all day and night... Yah, that's the way to do it! Just make rude comments about everything! Regardless if you have zero knowledge or, any of the facts on any of the subjects you comment on... Blah... blah... blah... But it still gets down to... What have you ever done... beside making rude comments?People on here want intelligent constructive positive thoughts..not by JUST EMPTY BS. Maybe you should do more listening and less talking... you might learn something. 1 day agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  gerardange:Well I won't learn much from reading your cut and paste replies.  You know you replied to me with pretty much the same thing four times today?  Slight variations in the opening but the heart of it is there.  All four start with this exact same opening, down to the number of periods following my name, "Hey MrMxyzptlk...."Then in three of them we get this accusation, "It is real easy to sit around in your underwear on your big fat ass and fling negative jabs from your computer all day and night..."  Which is bullshit as I have clearly said I wear pajamas and a robe in the office when I am on the computer.  It's too cold to be in the undies.  Unless I'm lookng for porn.  But then the lust keeps me warm...Then we have this in three of the replies, word for word again, "Yah, that's the way to do it! Just make rude comments about everything! Regardless if you have zero knowledge or, any of the facts on any of the subjects you comment on... Blah... blah... blah..."Then in three of the four you use this line, "But it still gets down to..." before you go into the bit that ends all four replies, "What have you ever done... beside making rude comments? People on here want intelligent constructive positive thoughts..not by JUST EMPTY BS. Maybe you should do more listening and less talking... you might learn something."So like I said before, if you are going to cut and paste your replies to me I will return the favor do the same for you.. 1 day agoflag  reply0bailey78I believe it is from the diet that the modern Human eats.  Too many processed foods To much Suger. 4 days agoflag  reply+1CalgarC  bailey78:i like sugarhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5jeOMkzXKA 3 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  CalgarC:HOLY SHIT!! give him some roofies 3 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick Latest News Wyatt Earp SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-Dadefrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  9 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  17 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  26 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 Incredulous commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  2 hours ago"When it comes to terrorism, we should err on the side of protecting the American people," Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement."Well they got the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog