KOLD News 13 & AZ State Home Show Backyard Giveaway - KOLD News 13KOLD News 13KOLD News 13 & AZ State Home Show Backyard GiveawayKOLD News 13 & AZ State Home Show Backyard GiveawayPosted: Thursday, December 16, 2010 11:46 AM ESTUpdated: Tuesday, December 28, 2010 8:58 AM ESTKOLD NEWS 13 BACKYARD GIVEAWAYOFFICIAL PROMOTION RULESTo enter to win, simply place your email address in the box below and to the right,and click SUBMIT. If you're not currently a registered member of KOLD.com, you will be asked to complete our registration form with some required contact information. When complete, click SAVE.Your registration IS your entry. Good Luck !!!1.) Promotion Description. This promotion is sponsored by KOLD TV, 7831 N. Business Park Dr. Tucson, AZ 85743, KIIM FM and Solana Outdoor Living ("Sponsor(s)"). The promotion begins on December 27th, 2010 and ends on January 5th, 2011. Entries must be received by January 5th 2011. Promotion is void where prohibited. By entering, each entrant accepts and agrees to be bound by these promotion rules.2.) Eligibility. No purchase necessary to enter or win. This promotion is open only to legal U.S. residents of Arizona who are 18 years of age or older at the time of entry. Employees and immediate family members of employees of Raycom Media, Inc., KOLD-TV, KIIM FM, Citadel Broadcasting and Solana Outdoor Living, and their respective parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, and their advertising and production agencies are not eligible to participate in this promotion. Only one entry per individual will be accepted, and multiple entries will be disqualified.3.) Eligibility Restrictionsa. This contest is open to all persons who are a legal US residents, 18 years of age and over, and who reside in the greater Tucson, AZ metropolitan area. Employees of KIIM-FM, its licensee, Citadel Broadcasting Company, their affiliated entities, advertising agencies, participating sponsors/promotional partners, other radio stations in the Tucson metropolitan area and the members of their immediate families are ineligible to participate or win. Immediate family shall include spouse, parents, children, siblings, grandparents, grandchildren and any other person residing within the same household.b. Listeners are eligible to win a KIIM contest only once every thirty (30) days.c. Only one (1) winner per household is permitted in any contest.d. Winner must reside, and prize must be furnished, within fifty (50) miles of the AZ State Home Show at the Tucson Convention Center at 260 S. Church, Tucson, AZ.e. To claim prize, winner must be a homeowner, 18 years of age or older, with valid government issued photo I. D. and proof of home ownership Mortgage Statement (or other proof of ownership satisfactory to Station, in its sole discretion).4.) How to Enter the Contesta. The KIIM-FM "$10,000 Total Backyard Makeover Giveaway"contest will begin on December 27th, 2010 and will end at on January 9th 2011. b. There are three (3) ways to participate in the contest:1.) Enter in Person: Listeners may visit the Solana Outdoor Living booth at the AZ State Home Show at the Tucson Convention Center at 260 S. Church, Tucson, AZ during any of the following dates and times and register to win by filling out an official entry blank. Registration entries and a registration box will also be available outside of the AZ State Home Show. a. January 7, 2011, Noon MT  7:00 pm MT b. January 8, 2011, 10 am MT  7:00 pm MT c. January 9, 2011, 10:00 am MT  2:30 pm MTEntrants must provide their first name and last name, complete address, city, state, zip code, telephone number, and date of birth when registering. All entries must be received by the end of the designated time periods on the above-referenced designated days. KIIM is not responsible for lost, stolen, misdirected, mangled, illegible, incomplete or late entries. A total of fifty-six (56) qualifiers will be selected via a random drawing from all eligible entries received at the time of that drawing. Those drawn on January 7, 2011 and January 8, 2011 will be notified by phone that they have qualified, and will be provided with two (2) additional passes to return to the AZ State Home Show on January 9th, 2011 for the Grand Prize selection. Those qualifiers selected on January 9, 2011 will be announced on the white board at the show; this shall serve as their only notification that they have qualified.OR2. Enter by Calling: listen to KIIM-FM between 6:00 am MT and 7:00 pm MT during the contest period for the on-air personality to announce the cue to call in and then call the station's contest line at 520-880-5446 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting520-880-5446end_of_the_skype_highlighting. The ninth (9th) caller in each of thirty (30) call in Qualifying Rounds will qualify for their chance to win the Grand Prize as a Call-In Finalist (subject to confirmation of eligibility). All correct callers will be required to provide their first name and last name, complete address, city, state, zip code, telephone number, social security number and date of birth. KIIM is not responsible for telephone service outages, delays, busy signals, equipment malfunctions and any other technological difficulties that may prevent an individual from completing his or her telephone call.OR3. KOLD News 13 will run an on-line viewer giveaway contest from December 27th, 2010 - Noon, January 5th, 2011 on KOLD.com. Viewers must submit an entry over the Internet, providing their name, address, telephone number and date of birth. (CLICK HERE TO VISIT SPONSOR WEBSITE) KOLD News 13 will then randomly select at least one (1) entry each weekday from all correct eligible e-mail entries received BEFORE noon, January 5th, 2011. There will be a total of thirteen (13) qualifiers selected by KOLD News 13 through this entry method.To enter toqualify to winthrough KOLD.com, simply place your email address in the box to the right,and click SUBMIT, if you're not currently a registered member of KOLD.com, you will be asked to complete our registration form with some required contact information. When complete, click FINISH.Your registration IS your entry. Good Luck !!!c. A maximum of one (1) entry per person, per household will be permitted in this contest. Listeners may only qualify once in this contest. Entrants may be disqualified at the sole discretion of station.Entries must be filled out completely and legibly in order to qualify, and will be void if they are, in whole or in part, incomplete, illegible, damaged, irregular, counterfeit, altered, or obtained through theft or fraud. No mechanically reproduced, software-generated or other automated multiple entries are permitted. Sponsor(s) is/are not responsible for lost, late, illegible, misdirected or mutilated entries, including due to transmission, technical, and/or network failures of any kind, including, without limitation, malfunctioning of any hardware or software (whether originating with sender or Sponsor(s)), telephonic failures, human error, or any other error or malfunction. For online entries, the authorized account holder of the e-mail address submitted at time of entry will be considered the entrant. An "authorized account holder" shall mean the natural person assigned to such e-mail account by the Internet access provider, online service provider, or other organization responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with such e-mail account. A potential winner may be requested to provide proof that he or she is the authorized account holder of the e-mail address associated with a winning entry.Entrants agree not to upload, post or transmit any materials which contain any computer viruses, Easter eggs, worms, Trojan Horses or other harmful component or programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information. Any attempt to deliberately damage any web site or undermine the operation of the promotion is a violation of criminal and civil laws, and Sponsor(s) reserve(s) the right to seek damages from any person who makes such attempt(s).Entry materials that have been tampered with or altered are void. Any questions regarding the number of entries submitted by an individual or the authorized account holder of an e-mail address shall be determined by Sponsor(s) in its/their sole discretion, and Sponsor(s) reserve(s) the right to disqualify any entries by persons determined to be tampering with or abusing any aspect of the promotion. Mailed entries through the postal system will not be accepted.5.) Prizesa. One $10,000 Total Backyard Transformation including: Consultation, Design, Materials, Delivery, Labor and Installation in any combination up to a value up to $10,000. Additional materials and/or labor above the $10,000 value are at the winner's sole expense. Prize is provided courtesy of Solana Outdoor Living.b. American Shows Inc., KIIM-FM 99.5, KOLD News 13, and Solana Outdoor Living, and their agencies, affiliate companies and subsidiaries, accept no responsibility or liability in connection with any loss or accident incurred in the connection with any use of the prize, or resulting from the acceptance and/or use of the prize. Picture and exhibitor displays are only representative of actual package. Additional costs and/or expenses will be at the homeowner's expense.c. Prize must be claimed in thirty (30) days, after which time the prize shall expire. Prize cannot be sold, but may be transferred. Winner must reside, and prize must be furnished, within seventy-five (75) miles of the AZ State Home Show at the Tucson Convention Center at 260 S. Church, Tucson, AZ. KIIM-FM does not mail prizes. Any and all other incidental expenses, including applicable taxes are solely the responsibility of the prize winner.d. There is no substitution, transfer, or cash equivalent for prizes, except that Sponsor may, solely at its discretion, substitute prizes of comparable value or cash. Prizes are limited solely to those items explicitly set forth herein and shall not include any and all other expenses, incidentals or taxes that may arise out of the winner's receipt of this prize.e. Grand Prize winner will receive 1099 IRS Tax form for the value of the grand prize as stated in these contest rules.f. Prizes will be awarded as is, with no written or express warranty.g. Winner will be required to sign a liability release as a condition of receiving their prize.6.) Selection of Winnersa. Decisions of KIIM management with respect to the contest are final.b. At 2:30Pm on January 9th, 2011 the Final Enter In Person Finalist will be selected in a random drawing from a pool of all remaining eligible Enter In Person entries received (per 1(b)1 of these contest rules).c. All Call-In Finalists will be selected as per 1.b.2. of these Official Rules.d. All finalists selected via these three entry methods shall be combined.e. All Enter in Person Finalists and Call-In Finalists will be given two (2) tickets to attend the AZ State Home Show at the Tucson Convention Center at 260 S. Church, Tucson, AZ on January 9th, 2011 to participate in the Grand Prize Winner selection. Tickets are valued at approximately $7 each.f. All finalists must check-in at the KIIM-FM booth at the AZ State Home Show at the Tucson Convention Center at 260 S. Church, Tucson, AZ between 2PM and 3:30PM on January 9th, 2011 in order to be eligible. Finalists failing to check-in at the proper time and place may be disqualified.g. All finalists will receive one (1) key at random from a box controlled by KIIM-FM personnel. All finalists will be given one (1) opportunity to open a lock. The order in which each finalist takes their turn will be chosen at random prior to any attempts to open the lock.h. At approximately 3:00 pm MT on January 9th, 2011, one (1) Grand Prize Winner will be selected from the group of finalists by having the winning key that opens the lock. Once one finalist has successfully opened the lock with their randomly selected key, the contest will be over and no more attempts to open the lock will be permitted. This person will be deemed the winner (subject to confirmation of eligibility).i. Once qualified, the odds of winning the Grand Prize: 1 in 99 (if all finalists participate)  actual odds will depend upon the number of eligible finalists participating. Odds of qualifying depend on the number of in person entrants and the number of listeners who attempt to call in and qualify when the cue to call in is aired.j.Winner must be present to win and claim the Grand Prize. Winner will be notified immediately by public address system. In the event that a winner is disqualified, or does not claim the prize, the prize will be forfeited and an alternate winner will not be selected.7.) Conditionsa. Photo identification and social security number of the Grand Prize winner may also be required in order to collect the prize. Payment of all federal, state and local taxes are the sole responsibility of the winner. Winner will be required to sign an IRS Form W-9 or the equivalent. Winner will receive a 1099 for the value of the prize as stated in these contest rules.b. Winner is required to sign a release in order receive their prizes. Failure or refusal to execute the release will result in winner forfeiting the prize. Pursuant to the liability release, the winner will agree to hold KIIM-FM, its licensee, Citadel Broadcasting Corporation, their subsidiaries, affiliated companies and the officers, shareholders, directors, employees, agents and representatives of each of them harmless against any and all claims or liability arising directly or indirectly from the prize or participation in the contest.c. By participating in the contest, the winner or winners (and their guest or traveling companion, if applicable) agree to have their name, voice, or likeness used in any advertising or broadcasting material relating to this contest without additional financial or other compensation, and to sign a publicity release prior to acceptance of the prize.d. KIIM-FM, solely at their discretion, reserves the right to disqualify any person tampering with the entry process, or who is otherwise in violation of the rules. The stations further reserve the right to cancel, terminate or modify the contest if it is not capable of completion as planned, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention or technical failures of any sort.e. No cash or other substitution of prizes permitted. Winner will be required to complete and return an affidavit of eligibility and a liability and publicity release within ten (10) days of notification. Failure to do so will result in disqualification and selection of alternate winner. Acceptance of prize shall constitute: 1) release of co-promotional partners, their affiliates and agents from all liabilities with respect to the prizes; 2) signification of winner's consent (unless otherwise prohibited by law) to the use of their name, address (city and state only), voice, and/or photograph for advertising and promotional purposes without further compensation; 3) an agreement to be bound by these rules. The co-promotional partners, whose decision will be final and binding, will decide all disputes relating to the application of these rules. All taxes are the responsibility of the winner and subject to IRS Form W-9 from Solana Outdoor Living. Subject to applicable federal, state and local laws. Void where prohibited or restricted by law.f. KIIM-FM reserves the right in its sole discretion to modify the contest rules and dates at any time for any reason. Material modifications shall be announced on-air, when practical. By participating in this contest, you agree to be bound by these contest rules, any modifications thereof, and by all other rules imposed by Station management. If due to circumstances beyond the control of Station, any event associated with this contest or the prize is delayed, rescheduled, postponed or canceled, Station reserves the right, but not the obligation, to cancel or modify the contest and shall not be required to award a substitute prize.g. Failure to comply with the contest rules may result in a contestant's disqualification, solely at the discretion of KIIM-FM.h.KIIM-FM is not responsible for typographical or other errors in the printing, the offering or the administration of the contest or in the announcement of a prize.i. Copies of the written contest rules and a list of all winners (when complete) are available during regular business hours at the main studio of Citadel Broadcasting, 575 West Roger Road, Tucson, AZ 85705, or by sending a self-addressed, stamped envelope to Citadel Broadcasting, 575 West Roger Road, Tucson, AZ 85705.8.) No prize may be exchanged for cash, transferred, or assigned. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize, in which case a prize of equal or greater value will be awarded.9.) Odds of Winning. The odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received.10.)Conditions of Acceptance of Prize.Winner(s) will be solely responsible for any and all local, state, and federal taxes, as well as license and registration fees incurred by participating in the promotion, including, but not limited to, transportation costs, gratuities and other items of an incidental nature. KOLD TV will report any individual winnings over $600 (in cash or fair market value of goods or services) in a one year period to the Internal Revenue Service. Winner(s) will receive a Form 1099 from KOLD TV if KOLD TV reports any winnings to the Internal Revenue Service. Prize(s) may not be exchanged for cash or any other consideration.Each winner agrees to the use of his or her name and likeness in publicity without any additional compensation, except where prohibited by law. By entering this promotion, each winner acknowledges that KOLD-TV, and all other sponsors and venues, have the right to publicize and broadcast each winner's name, voice, and likeness, the fact that he or she won, and all matters incidental thereto.11.) Limitation on Liability. By entering this promotion, each entrant forever discharges and releases Sponsor(s), its/their parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability, claims, causes of action, suits, and demands of any kind arising from or in connection with the promotion, including, without limitation, responsibility for property damage, loss of life, or personal injury resulting from or in connection with participating in the promotion or from or in connection with use or receipt of the prize(s), however caused.12.) Sponsor's Reservation of Rights. These official rules are subject to modification by KOLD-TV. In the event of a dispute, all decisions made by KOLD-TV are final and binding. Sponsor(s) reserve(s) the right, in its/their sole discretion, to disqualify any person who tampers with the entry process or the operation of Sponsor's/Sponsors' web site(s), or who otherwise acts in violation of these official rules. Sponsor(s) further reserve(s) the right, in its/their sole discretion, to cancel, terminate, or modify this promotion if, for any reason, the promotion is not capable of completion as planned (including, but not limited to, for the following reasons: infection by computer virus, technical corruption, force majeure, or non-authorized human intervention that compromises or affects the administration, fairness, integrity, security, or proper conduct of the promotion).13.) List of Winners. For a list of winners, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to "KOLD News 13 BACKYARD GIVEAWAY" at KOLD TV, 7831 N. Business Park Dr. Tucson, AZ 85743.All content  Copyright 2000 - 2011 WorldNow and KOLD, a Raycom Media station. All Rights Reserved.For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.