FACT CHECK: Mass bird, fish deaths occur regularly // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 210Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 72Corporations or politicians hurting America? 12The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 06, 2011| 17 commentsFACT CHECK: Mass bird, fish deaths occur regularlysource: http://m.apnews.com/ap/db_16026/contentdetail.htm?contentguid=cDOoQDVgAn error occurred while setting up video display.Eddie_Miller added thisWhat do you all think of this?"SETH BORENSTEINPublished: 47 minutes agoFILE - In this Jan. 1, 2011 file photo, a worker with U.S. Environmental Services, a private contractor, picks up a dead bird in Beebe, Ark. where more than 3,000 dead black birds fell from the sky on New Year's Eve. Some saw the event and other recent wildlife die-offs as real signs as something sinister, either biblical or environmental. The reality, say biologists, is that they happen all the time. (AP Photo/The Daily Citizen, Warren Watkins, File)WASHINGTON (AP) - First, the blackbirds fell out of the sky on New Year's Eve in Arkansas. In recent days, wildlife have mysteriously died in big numbers: 2 million fish in the Chesapeake Bay, 150 tons of red tilapia in Vietnam, 40,000 crabs in Britain and other places across the world. Blogs connected the deadly dots, joking about the "aflockalypse" while others saw real signs of something sinister, either biblical or environmental.The reality, say biologists, is that these mass die-offs happen all the time and usually are unrelated.Federal records show they happen on average every other day somewhere in North America. Usually, we don't notice them and don't try to link them to each other."They generally fly under the radar," said ornithologist John Wiens, chief scientist at the California research institution PRBO Conservation Science.Since the 1970s, the U.S. Geological Survey's National Wildlife Health Center in Wisconsin has tracked mass deaths among birds, fish and other critters, said wildlife disease specialist LeAnn White. At times the sky and the streams just turn deadly. Sometimes it's disease, sometimes pollution. Other times it's just a mystery.In the past eight months, the USGS has logged 95 mass wildlife die-offs in North America and that's probably a dramatic undercount, White said. The list includes 900 some turkey vultures that seemed to drown and starve in the Florida Keys, 4,300 ducks killed by parasites in Minnesota, 1,500 salamanders done in by a virus in Idaho, 2,000 bats that died of rabies in Texas, and the still mysterious death of 2,750 sea birds in California.On average, 163 such events are reported to the federal government each year, according to USGS records. And there have been much larger die-offs than the 3,000 blackbirds in Arkansas. Twice in the summer of 1996, more than 100,000 ducks died of botulism in Canada."Depending on the species, these things don't even get reported," White said.Weather - cold and wet weather like in Arkansas New Year's Eve when the birds fell out of the sky - is often associated with mass bird deaths, ornithologists say. Pollution, parasites and disease also cause mass deaths. Some are even blaming fireworks for the blackbird deaths.So what's happening this time?Blame technology, says famed Harvard biologist E.O. Wilson. With the Internet, cell phones and worldwide communications, people are noticing events, connecting the dots more."This instant and global communication, it's just a human instinct to read mystery and portents of dangers and wondrous things in events that are unusual," Wilson told The Associated Press on Thursday. "Not to worry, these are not portents that the world is about to come to an end."Wilson and the others say instant communications - especially when people can whip out smart phones to take pictures of critter carcasses and then post them on the Internet - is giving a skewed view of what is happening in the environment.The irony is that mass die-offs - usually of animals with large populations - are getting the attention while a larger but slower mass extinction of thousands of species because of human activity is ignored, Wilson said."groups:News, News and Politics tags:Death,kill,Bird,Mass,Bird kill,Mass Death 2 morerecommended by:Vierotchka |17 comments// FACT CHECK: Mass bird, fish deaths occur regularlyhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0StressedOutOk so let me get this right.  First the gov't wanted to feed us that it's fireworks or some sort of weather issue.  Well we know better, we've had bad weather and fireworks for a long time now and this hasn't happened. So what do we do, we go on the net to find answers and voice our opinions... the gov't knows that we're not buying into what they're selling.  They come out in a NJ news reports saying the USDA has poisoned the birds, taking some of the blame saying they are responsible. Alright I can accept that.  But when it starts hitting places like Sweden, I think that's just a bit out of the USDA's jurisdiction.  Ok enough about the birds, what about the fish.  I understand disease and cold + fish = dead fish thats common sense.  What about the millions of fish washing up dead in Brazil? What the duce is going on?  Is everyone blind?  We all know that birds and fish are sensitive creatures, thats a common sense statement and we all know they use the earths elecromagnetic properties as a natural internal GPS system.  Now what if something was distorting or even destroying that delicate system?  What if we've known about this system since the mid 1980's?  Would we just assume that it has nothing to do with anything since it's been around and used for so long or could we maybe think that maybe after all this use its starting to show its effects it's left behind?  I've been researching for the past 3 days straight about the internal workings and effects of the gov'ts HAARP program.  It  sends massive amounts of microwaves into the ionosphere that pushes it out into space and snaps back like a rubberband in the form of ELF waves.  The origional use was approx 30watts so we could see natural gas and oil under the ground with these waves, now they're putting billions of watts per pulse into the ionosphere with what results?  Well look for yourself.  If you go to HAARP's main website and look at their online data, look at the magnetometer chain (array) and finaly you can choose to look at chain of magnetometers (since there are many many HAARP facilities).  Here is a link: http://137.229.36.30/cgi-bin/magnetometer/magchain.cgi   Select all of the stations, all traces and set your plots for whatever date but give it at least a week or a month, then select the 1000nT and update.  And I'm not just saying this counts for just birds, go to a natural disaster in the recent future like the Japanese earthquake or the Haiti earthquake, plot the dates and look at the HAARP activity.  Look online for videos of amatuer shots taken of "rainbow" clouds before those disasters much like the electromagnetic distortion of the auroras.  Finaly go do some digging of your own, if you really want to know whats going on, research it !!!!   Post what you know and pass the knowledge onto others so we can educate each other. 2 days agoflag  reply0Eddie_Miller  StressedOut:You should just do all that work for us and post it here. Thanks.-Lazy guy 2 days agoflag  reply0StressedOut  Eddie_Miller:I'm trying Ed, I've just got a lot on my plate right now.  Just stressed about everything thats going on. 2 days agoflag  reply0Eddie_Miller  StressedOut:Hometown buffet? I always put too much on plate when I go there. ARG! 2 days agoflag  reply0mitekillemIf this is such a common event, why are they suddenly getting published in the news?We are no more "wired" in 2011, than we were in 2010, or 2009. 3 days agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  mitekillem:Because bad journalism coupled with sensationalism sells extremely well. 2 days agoflag  reply0coolplanet"It happens all the time."Is this supposed to reassure me somehow???This IS Ecocollapse! 3 days agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  coolplanet:It has been happening all the time for millenia. 3 days agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  coolplanet:Have you ever wondered how many birds are killed in forest fires every year? And insects, small mammals, etc.? 3 days agoflag  reply-1VierotchkaThe voice of reason. 3 days agoflag  reply+3tverdellThis is one theory that can be easily proven/disproven by experts that follow birds.I am waiting to see what they have to say.Refer to my comment in the BFD. 3 days agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  tverdell:http://www.fws.gov/birds/mortality-fact-sheet.pdfBuilding window strikes may account for 97 to 976 million bird deaths each year. Communication towers conservatively kill 4 to 5 million birds annually (possibly closer to 40 to 50 million; a nationwide cumulative impacts study should help resolve this question). Strikes at high tension transmission and distribution power lines very conservatively kill tens of thousands of birds annually. Taking into account the millions of miles of bulk transmission and distribution lines in the U.S., and extrapolating from European studies, actual mortality could be as high as 174 million deaths annually. Electrocutions probably kill tens of thousands of birds but the problem is barely monitored. Cars may kill 60 million birds or more each year, private and commercial aircraft far fewer, while wind turbine rotors kill an estimated 33,000 birds annually. 3 days agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  tverdell:Experts who follow birds are called ornithologists. The article states quite clearly:"They generally fly under the radar," said ornithologist John Wiens, chief scientist at the California research institution PRBO Conservation Science. 3 days agoflag  reply-1coolplanet  Vierotchka:As a bird lover with a cat i want to know what is causing these birds to fly at night.Because that is the only time I let my cat out, since birds are supposed to be asleep at night. 3 days agoflag  reply-1Vierotchka  coolplanet:Those who died at night were obviously suddenly disturbed and frightened by a loud noise, most likely from the cannons fired by farmers to scare off the blackbirds, knowing that they have very poor night vision and would kill themselves by crashing into trees, buildings and each other. As for your cat, there are at least a dozen species of nocturnal birds, owls, which your cat could hunt and kill at night without your ever knowing anything about it. 3 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  Vierotchka:This didn't address the question.Still waiting on the experts to come out with a definitive explanation. 2 days agoflag  reply0StressedOut  tverdell:Don't you get it tverdell...  You're waiting for the "experts" to tell you whats going on when they're the ones deciding how smart you are and what type of BS you're able to swallow without question. 2 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick Latest News Wyatt Earp SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10Imran Khan: Pakistan is 'going down' more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvDinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  8 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  16 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  25 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 Incredulous commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  2 hours ago"When it comes to terrorism, we should err on the side of protecting the American people," Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement."Well they got the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog