A Message for the ChurchesHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsReligion and PhilosophyChristianity, the Bible and JesusChristian Church LeadershipA Message for the ChurchesA Message for the Churches51rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Judah's DaughterMa 23:37; Lu 13:34 "Jerusalem, Jerusalem, who kills the prophets and stones those who are sent to her! How often I wanted to gather your children together, the way a hen gathers her chicks under her wings, and you were unwilling."The Calling of the ChurchesHebrews 10:23-27 Let us hold fast the confession of our hope without wavering, for He who promised is faithful; and let us consider how to stimulate one another to love and good deeds, not forsaking our own assembling together, as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another; and all the more, as you see the day drawing near.This is a tough message to the churches. All I can say is that I speak what God lays on my heart. The Lord is drawing His children to Him, like a mother hen gathering her chicks (Matthew 23:37; Luke 13:34). Are you ready? Are you prepared? What is God saying to you? What would YOU DO if JESUS came to YOUR CHURCH?Ma 23:37; Lu 13:34 "Jerusalem, Jerusalem, who kills the prophets and stones those who are sent to her! How often I wanted to gather your children together, the way a hen gathers her chicks under her wings, and you were unwilling."JESUS in the ChurchWe need to first look at how Jesus Christ was received by his own church(es) called synagogues. We know that as a child he was full of knowledge and wisdom and sat for days among the teachers, who were astounded at his understanding (Luke 2:46-47). At the time, this was not a threat to them. However, when Jesus was a young man, their attitude changed.In Mark 1:21-28 and Luke 4:33-37 Jesus taught as one having authority, and not as the scribes. We see accounts where Jesus was not received in his own synagogue because they simply knew him as the son of Mary and Joseph, a carpenter. They took offense to Him and tried to catchhim breaking the Jewish law, andtrap Him with trick questions. The more Jesus taught, and especially in matters addressing the sin of the church, the more they conspired as to how they might destroy Him. What really angered them is when Jesus called them hypocrites and humiliated them, while the multitudes rejoiced at the glorious things He had done (Luke 13:10-17). In John 18:19-24 Jesus didnt appear to be showing respect to the high priest and was bound and taken to Caiaphas. Eventually, we know that these very leaders are the ones responsible for putting Jesus on the cross.God's Children in the ChurchWOW. But, you say those were synagogues. They didnt believe Jesus Christ was their Messiah. We would gladly open our doors and receive Him! Well, we are told that he who does not receive the Son cannot come to the Father, right? How does Jesus feel when a church does not receive His children? Lets look at some of the issues exemplified in the Word:The synagogues treated the apostles like they were little Christs. Like Christ, they were rejected for like reasons. How about Stephen? Acts 6:9-12 states that they were unable to cope with the wisdom and the Spirit with which he was speaking, and they ended up stoning him!What about Paul? He wasnt of the original twelve disciples. The Christians feared him! Yet, knowing he was their previous adversary, God gave them the faith to receive him and his powerful testimony! Paul wrote over half of the New Testament scriptures we live by today. The noble synagogue in Berea received the words of Paul and Barnabus with great enthusiasm and searched the scriptures daily to prove what they said! However, the synagogue in Thessalonica, prior to them escaping to Berea, nearly stoned them!Speaking of testimony, what about the blind man who was given his sight and, as Jesusdirected him,went to tell the Pharisees (per the Jewish custom), who in turn said, You were born entirely in sins and are you teaching us?!  And they put him out of the synagogue! He was a nobody.And worst of all, when some of the Pharisees actually believed, they wouldnt admit it, for FEAR they would also be put out of the synagogue! Nicodemus was a prime example. Why did he go to Jesus in secret? They loved the approval of men more than God (John 12:42-43). Wow, this is a powerful message to the pastors today. Do you have the courage to stand up for the truth? For the moving of the Holy Spirit in spite of the limitations of your superiors? Charge to the ChurchesSo why have churches fallen apart? Isnt is obvious? Hypocrisy, which stifles, cuts down, and prevents growth in the church. Theres competitiveness, threat, jealousies, strife! LEGALISM, methodology! Oh Lord ~ God has called us to peace and to edify His body! What does it mean to love your neighbor as yourself? Are we busy about loving others, but not our own body of believers?1 Peter 4:17 states, "For the time has come for judgement to begin with the household of God..." In the Book of Revelation, we see a few charges God has against the churches:Charge 1: You have left your first love.Charge 2: I know your deeds, that you have a name that you are alive, but you are dead. Wake up, and strengthen the things that remain, which were about to die, for I have not found your deeds completed in the sight of My God.Charge 3: I know your deeds, that you are neither cold nor hot; I would that you were cold or hot. So because you are lukewarm, and neither hot nor cold, I will spit you out of My mouth.Matthew 23:13 Jesus says, Woe to you, Scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites, because you shut off the kingdom of heaven from men; for you do not enter in yourselves, nor do you allow those who are entering to go in.Matthew 23:38 Behold, your house is being left to you desolate! FIRE in the Church!Many believers that are on FIRE for the Lord dont want to come near a church for these reasons (to have the FIRE put out). But, as God leads them to you, are you READY to receive them? Will you scatter because you wont be able to handle the Light of the Lord Jesus? Believers, whether you do not attend a church, whether you do, whether you are a pastor, teacher or hold any other office of the church, if you feel stifled for any reason, be encouraged! Let God keep your FIRE HOT! Where two or three are gathered together in My name, there I am in the midst of them, saith the Lord! (Matthew 18:20)Oh, the promise of the Lord who is with us! Acts 18:9-10 And the Lord said to Paul in the night by a vision, Do not be afraid any longer, but go on speaking and do not be silent; for I am with you, and no man will attack you in order to harm you, for I have many people in this city. Matthew 4:23-24 states that the news spread about Jesus and they came seeking Him! If youre church body is on FIRE for Jesus, many will come seeking! The Word says, In the last days I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy!... (Acts 2:17) In John 16:7 Jesus says, But I tell you the truth, it is to your advantage that I go away; for if I do not go away, the Helper shall not come to you; but if I go, I will send Him to you. Likewise John 14:12 already told us this Helper will enable us to do greater things than Jesus did!Matthew 9:35-38 states that the harvest is RIPE, and the workers are FEW!! Dont let the church become a synagogue of Satan, keeping the fire of the Holy Spirit at a slow simmer. The days are getting short, and the churches need to get on FIRE. Hallelujiah!!16 Critical Questions for the Church1. Do you perceive newcomers as a threat?2. Do you gladly receive the revived ministry of your own members, without taking offense? 3. Do you judge whether s/he is of God by looking for the breaking of laws or theological slip-ups?4. Is there any jealousy because of multitudes responding to the message of Jesus through someone else?5. Do you experience anger at not being shown the respect the church leaders expect?6. Are you unable to cope with the wisdom and the Spirit by which converts on FIRE speak?7. Does a forgiven sinners testimony have less merit or is it stifled?8. Does a forgiven sinner with the gift of teaching not have the right to teach you because s/he is not certified by man to do so?9. Do you fear the leaders of the church putting you out if you usurp the authority in Christ over theirs?10. Are we not loving the body of Christ as we love others?11. Have you left your first love?12. Is your church claiming to be alive, but is about to die?13. Is your church neither hot or cold, but lukewarm?14. Is the church stifling the FIRE of the Holy Spirit?15. Does your church acknowledge that all flesh will be prophesying, even women?16. Is your church allowing the Holy Spirit to complete the works God has planned for you?vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful The Faithful Bride of ChristAll the Children of the WorldCommentsno body15 months ago When the pastor is led of the Lord, he will discern wolves come to hurt the sheep of his flock. He should check out new attendees and once they are proven in doctrine should be received with joy. They are sent of the Lord to strengthen the body. The Spirit knows who needs to be added and will direct folks with the gifts needed to do the work that needs to be done. Fire and Zeal can ignite an assembly and when it does it is a blessing. The last couple that joined our church like that was a pastor that for some reason had to leave his last church. He leads the music ministry and can't read music. He writes music plays piano and sings, writes Christmas plays and everything all without knowing how to read a note. But the pastor told him in front of all of us that he had changed the whole assembly and he was a treasure to have with us.Judah's Daughter15 months ago Hi brother, no body!  Praise God that your church was receptive of newcomers with gifts that were willing to bless the church!  I've known of situations where an anointed person goes to find a church and goes to the one the Lord leads them to, only to be told, "Our church isn't ready for you".  Some say one needs to go in quietly, find out "who's who" and mingle with the church for quite some time before volunteering to help in ministry.  Some take a back seat to their calling, if others are willing to do the ministry needed.  Churches just need to be open for change when FIRE walks through the door and may wake up the members habitually sitting in the pews ~~  AMEN!Justcallmeleroy15 months ago My Sister, I know that some people will join Church's and not know the true doctrine of what they believe and this is the way a lot of those are hurt and end up leaving with bad feelings. This is why I always check out the beliefs and make sure they have sound doctrine. The Church we are at now has a 8 week class on the Church and what there foundations are. This is and has been very good for we know were they stand concerning our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Questions are answered and the Truth is Taught. I am blessed to go and find the Spirit of Jesus being lifted up in Humble Adoration for he is Worthy of Worship in Truth and Spirit. I Love that our pastor speaks frequently about the Church is not the building we attend but made up of the Children of God. And The Lord Jesus Christ.  AmenJudah's Daughter15 months ago That is wonderful, Leroy!  Every church has a handful of corrupt members ~ perhaps, attenders and not members.  Hopefully, the Spirit of God is so strong that they will get saved and enter into His glorious light.  Where a church is started by someone not called to do so, or if it falls into corruption, the Lord is faithful to burn out that "lamp stand" ~ praise God you have found such a place of worship with like followers of Christ.  God bless you!Tammy Bruner11 months ago This passage describes the church I attend:Matthew 4:23-24 states that the news spread about Jesus and they came seeking Him! If youre church body is on FIRE for Jesus, many will come seeking! The Word says, In the last days I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy!... (Acts 2:17)I have never been to a church so no fire for God.  When our Sr Pastor got there 8 years ago the church was 3 weeks out of bankruptcy, today we have 2 Saturday services and 2 Sunday services and around 1200 members, a great childrens outreach into to less fortunate neighborhoods and a Dream Center based after LA's.  Our Pastor does nothing without prayer and our Church is always filled with the presence of God!I am very thankful for our Body of Christ.  They help me to grow in my own personal walk and teach me to worship and pray for all things.Tammy Bruner11 months ago Typo in my first comment, I meant ON FIRE.  Ooopsy!Judah's Daughter11 months ago Wow, Tammy!  That's AWESOME!!  I'm sure that every member is excited to invite others to come, knowing they will be received with love and that no matter what the need, the church is equipped to meet it...even to receive them as part of their ministry!  Sounds like your pastor implemented the five-fold ministry in the church and practices "servant-leadership", rather than prideful stage-playing.When a pastor speaks the truth, those who fight against him (and I'm sure there are/were many) get shaken and leave, or they get shaken into revival!  Praise God!Bella5 months ago We as believers are the one and only true church,the churches there isn't one true church,sad I look for a church for months cring to God that I couldn't find the true one,first thing they say what do you believe?,I tell them,they say well we don't believe that,I say it doesn't matter what you believe Its what the Bible says(Sabbath) or don't say(christnas easter) these people are not doing as God wants out there...I have seen this in my last church the don't do the 4th command and they do easter,ect,the wife is snooty to everyone(that is not love),But those who have ears let them hear,People that are Gods chosen know in there heart,cause we love God and keep his commanments,we are not from this earthly place,we are not of this world,we help people,if you have 2.00 and your going for coffee and thats all you have and someone ask you for one of those you give it to him or both,if someone ask you for a egg and you only have 2 left and you have no money til you don't know when to get more,do you say no,or do you give them both?THATS LOVE TRUE LOVE I am not greety I never loved money in my whole life,I drop everything to help anyone I risk my life to safe lifes when every anyone else stands on the side lines and watches.Do you hate?,do you? Well even if people do the worst thing in the world to you?, its all happened to me,and I don't hate noone,they could stab me kill me and I would hate them...That my loves is a child of God..And I stand with Isreal!!!No mean thing comes out of a child of Gods MOUTH or even THINK in their heart!Love always,BellaLove you Carrie MY SISTER!Judah's Daughter5 months ago Ive written a hub on exactly what youre talking about, Bella.  Its called Statement of Faith:  http://hubpages.com/_ui1xcnn62gpk/hub/Personal-StaThings such as what day to worship and whats in the hearts of those who celebrate the birth of our Lord and Good Friday and the Day of His Resurrection, are before the Lord.  As I shared with you before, the words of Paul in Rom 14:5 One person regards one day above another, another regards every day alike. Each person must be fully convinced in his own mind.To expound on the above passage, things like this boil down to your personal conviction regarding whats in your heart and mind ~ your walk of faith in the Lord.  Consider James 4:17 Therefore, to one who knows the right thing to do and does not do it, to him it is sin.Keep on walkin with conviction and love, dear sister.  He is with you!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites92Judah's DaughterFrom Roseville, CA391 Followers101 HubsJoined 17 months agoRead more hubs by Judah's DaughterContact Judah's DaughterFollow Judah's DaughterSubscribe to Judah's Daughter's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Judah's Daughter a question based on this Hub.Related Questionsis there any legal action that can be done?asked by peanut03 6 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionPlease deny my fan mail thanks. I meant to also write fan mail and I sent send before I could. Sorryasked by HSchneider 29 hours ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsRape In Revengeby Laila RajaratnamEthical Euthanasia:Pros and Cons of Physician Assisted...by PaulaHenry1How To Compare Mortgage Loan versus Deed of Trustby Wife Who SavesWhen Is Murder Legal?by J.S.MatthewWho Doesn't Know What Illegal Means?by PollyannalanaDo you have a Will?by Cynthia L Dixon Christian Church Leadership ForumTopicRepliesFaithposted by faithnate1243What do you think is the role of a pastor privately and professionallyposted by lambservant23Church Membership Covenantsposted by seamist20Post a new topic4 more topics Tagschurch fear jealousy wake up threat offense Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.658 sec)  working