Murder In Trinidad: The Rising Trinidad & Tobago Murder RateHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesCrime and Law EnforcementCrimeMurder In Trinidad: The Rising Trinidad & Tobago Murder RateMurder In Trinidad: The Rising Trinidad & Tobago Murder Rate87rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy ryankettI have always wanted to travel to the Caribbean islands of Trinidad & Tobago, of course I have always wanted to explore the Caribbean in general, but for some reason these two islands appealed to me more than the others. The people have always struck me as easy going, friendly, and it seemed like a safe and pleasant place to go on an annual vacation. I am not sure why I had that impression, maybe it is the close proximity to the rich mans paradise of The Bahamas, maybe it was all too easy to write off Jamaica as the one with the crime problem. I am now glad that I googled 'Trinidad crime' as it told me everything that I needed to know about going. I hear a lot of horror stories of course, about people being stuck in their hotel complex for fear of being robbed or kidnapped, and those horror stories are often enough for me to remain in the comfort of safer western societies when travelling abroad. In this case though I will let you make your own mind up after presenting you with the stats! Looks like paradise? Perhaps appearances can be decieving?Murder In Trinidad & TobagoThe Republic of Trinidad & Tobago consists of two main islands, 'Trinidad' and 'Tobago', which together have a population estimated at 1.3 million; this is actually larger than I had expected, perhaps showing my geographical ignorance there a little. The first thing that I found on 'Google News' was an article from a Caribbean news source which listed murder victims from May & June 2009. The list was astonishingly long, with most days in these months showing at least one murder, and this lead me to delve a little deeper into the crime problems. It transpires that Trinidad & Tobago had a little more than 500 murders during 2009 which, although a little lower than the 545 murders in 2008, equates to a depressingly high murder rate. In fact, the murder rate in Trinidad & Tobago is now almost as high as that of crime-ridden Jamaica. To put this into perspective there were 466 murders in the one time murder hot bed New York during 2009, a city with a population of approximately 8.3 million (6.4 times that of Trinidad & Tobago). Another good comparison would be the American city of Dallas, which has a population of 1.2m (almost the same as Trinidad & Tobago's), where there were believed to be 166 murders in 2009. Perhaps these figures are most worrying for the innocent and decent citizens of the two islands, who have seen the homicide rate rise by around 1000% over the recently finished decade. The murder rate in Trinidad & Tobago was 55 per 100,000 people in 2008, the worst in the whole of the Caribbean and one of the worst in the world.Should You Travel To Trinidad?If you ask me, no. You should head to one of the more pleasant Caribbean Islands until Trinidad & Tobago sort out their gang related issues. The official line of both the UK and the USA is one of caution, with South Florida Caribbean News stating "The US and the UK issued travel advisories warning travelers about increasing violence and the failure of police in Tobago to apprehend and prosecute criminals.". An official US travel advisory warns:-Violent crimes, including assault, kidnapping for ransom, sexual assault and murder, have involved foreign residents and tourists (and) incidents have been reported involving armed robbers trailing arriving passengers from the airport and accosting them in remote areasthe perpetrators of many of these crimes have not been arrested.Why Is Trinidad Suffering So Many Murders?Much of the violent crime can be attributed to the drugs trade, with many Caribbean tourist spots doubling up as transit points for the trafficking of South American drugs to Europe and parts of the United States. This trade has traditionally been centred around Jamaica but in recent years gangs have infiltrated other Caribbean Islands including Puerto Rico, Bahamas, and of course Trinidad; it is the turf wars between rival drugs gangs in these islands which are blamed for the rising death tolls. The situation is unlikely to improve either, in fact it will probably intensify in coming years, with the US stepping up it's anti-drugs efforts on the Mexican border - a move which will likely see even more drugs and even more drugs gangs moving into these Caribbean Islands. This is a situation which has been acknowledged by Obama who has asked the Congress for $45m in aid to help Caribbean governments fight the drug lords, although increasing political instability in the region could see this fight becoming a tough one.Caribbean Drugs: From Criminalization to Harm ReductionAmazon Price: $21.60List Price: $38.95Cocaine and Heroin Trafficking in the Caribbean: The Case of Trinidad and Tobago, Jamaica and GuyanaAmazon Price: $14.92List Price: $18.95Murder in the NewsMurder of Aboriginal mother sparks riot fearsThe Age5 hours agoGruesome murder of Aboriginal mother of two children raises fears of violence erupting in Arnhem Land.More HubpagesGlobal External National Debt StatisticsThe 10 Lowest Unemployment Rates In The WorldThe 10 Largest Gold ProducersThe 5 Largest Armies In The WorldThe American National Debt : To Who Does American Owe Money?Greek Debt: Who Does Greece Owe Money To?US Presidents List In OrderBritish American Relations: Is Obama Anti British?Barack Obama Success: American Murder Rates Fall Significantly In 2009Who Are The Nuclear Nations?Aid To Haiti: International Aid By CountryWhere Can I Buy An American Flag?Latest HubpagesOptimizing For Bing: How To Win Bing TrafficAre you winning as much traffic from Bing as you should be? I am not yet, I can tell you that. Bing has shown considerable growth since its launch in 2009, in fact as of September 2010 it accounted for over... - 37 hours ago9 Romantic Love Photo Frames For Valentines DayThe beauty of Valentines Day is that the best gifts are low cost, the ones which mean the most to the recipient should not cost a great deal of money; they say that the best things in life are free. A... - 42 hours agoBest Price On HP G71-340US LaptopThe HP Pavilion HP G71-340US is an excellent machine and well worth the full RRP of $799.99. Thankfully, you don't need to pay anywhere near that price to pick one up; especially if you choose to shop at... - 2 days agovote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Economics & Politics: Where Can I Buy An American Flag?Economics & Politics: Aid To Haiti: International Aid By CountryCommentsHello, hello,12 months ago Fantastically interesting article.  It is such a shame because all these Caribbean islands are so beautiful and yet you can't enjoy them.  Thank you very much for all this research and your hub.alekhouse12 months ago Good hub..... Interesting and thought-provoking. Guess I wont be going to the Caribbean any time soon.Angela Blair12 months ago Fantastic Hub! I'm a Texan and used to trail ride and travel in Mexico a great deal. The drug business and wars going on there  have now accelerated to such a fever pitch many of us have ceased the Mexican experience entirely. Seems the Caribbean is now also off limits. Thanks for a well written and informative Hub. Best, SisJesse-James12 months ago Incredible Hub and as a Trinidadian I encourage you to venture to our islands and enjoy the natural beauty. It is a shame that the murder rate and the mistreatment of visitors but truly our people are warm-hearted and fun loving. So enjoy the rum and the sun.Rossimobis10 months ago It is really heartbroken that such a sweet and beautiful Island like TT accounts for such brutality.You are not wrong cos it is no longer safe and the rate of this murder has escalated but one need not to blame the government.I believe that the youths not all anyway but the majority of black youths in TT has lost their morals, the blame therefore goes to parents.I have not heard of an Indian TT point a gun on a fellow Indian or war between the chines.NO! it is just among the blacks.(Lavantile,Movart) ect...My heart is broken and eyes shed blood not tears cos of the hatred among the youths.16 years old stabbed to death by a co student aged 15yrs.I want to whine in TTI want to see the carnivalI want to drink the coconut waterI want to be part of the juvertI want to play MASSBut rynkett, you said don't go.(An interesting hub u'av gat here)GarnetBird9 months ago I loved this Hub. Please check out my hub on The Serial Killer of Caribbean. Keep up the good work!Trini9 months ago Intereting Article. I have two comments.1) A lot of problems these areas are experiencing is because countries such as the US are the greatest consumer of drugs in the world and despite all its resources it has been unsuccessful in stemming the flow. This is impacting all countries. The questions you should be asking is how this is getting into your country!2) Apart from the aurthor failing maths 550/1.3M is a murder rate of 42 comparing it to NY is cherry picking,I can easliy list states with murder rates above 30 per 100000 which is comparable. Detriot 34, Baltimore 37, Ditrict of Colombia 31, Missouri 47, New Orleans 64!3) Fact the murder rate has increased dramatcially, the murder rate came down last year and is expected to come down this year. Trinidad GDP per capita is above US24K and the society and goverment is working towards this NY problems took decades to solves and was a problem stemming from internal and not external factors.ryankett9 months ago @Trini - Firstly, I must point out that you spelt 'author' wrong, suggesting that you "failed" English. Secondly, I never calculated the 2009 murder rate. If you read the article properly, I said that the murder rate was 55/100,000 in 2008. The majority of US states have a murder rate of below 10 per 100k. Only 2 have a murder rate in excess of Trinidads.Oh, and by the way, I am not from the USA please do not assume so. I happen to live in the UK. In the UK there were 648 murders in the whole of 2008, against a population of 61m, that equates to 1.06 per 100,000 capita. Go shove that up your arse, I can say that what I like about the safety of Trinidad, I will stay in the UK thank you.Trini9 months ago That doesn't chane the fact that countries like yours are the highest consumers of drugs. When you snort your cocaine spare a thought for the people who died! Also please check the drug usage rates of your European neighbours. Wake up drugs is a worldwide proble arse!ryankett9 months ago @Trini - So my English friend snorts it, and you just HAVE to smuggle it? We should do what the Cubans do and shoot dead the smugglers as they arrive, then maybe our kids wont be hooked on your drug imports? The drugs cartels in the three major UK cities are yardies, dont make yourselves out to be the victims. Our prisons are full of them.THINKTHINK8 months ago Not All caribbean Islands are like thisi can gaurantee thatmost people dont kno about thebeautiful island of St.Thomas USVI?!well does nanyone knko bout this place ?love trinidad5 months ago as a past resident of trinidad i think the murder rate is not as beautiful the trinidad people, what makes america any better? with serial killings and organize crime together with the drug abuse situation that arouses sales which causes trafficing which inevitably cause trinidad to be involve due to the proverbial "drug craze". to you it's mayhem, to me it's the people who are strong, kind and warm with their multicultural way. so don't judgea book my it's cover and come see trinidad and it's lovely culture, i didn't say go where it'crime ridden cuz it's not like every where you turn it's a murder. it's mostly gang related, are you a gang? well relax and enjoy our beach and the wonderful feeling as the waves that breaks on the shores makes your dreams become a reality. i love trinidad!!ryankett5 months ago @love trinidad - I never claimed that America was better, neither am I American, and neither do I live in America ;)Johnny Bravo5 months ago very good article and through to the fact you obviously done your research, however I feel it is fair to say, althought your article highlights the high gang related murders in Trinidad & Tobago it is also fair to point out, at what proportion of these murders and crimes are actually related to tourists compared to the amount of tourist who visit every year.trinistar20003 months ago As a born trinidadian i have to say that this article is so true sometimes i wonder what has my beautiful land of birth has come too. Every time my phone rings i hold my breath with fear for my brother's life it's not a nice feeling,but on the other hand I still love home and I go there aleast 3 times for the year. and @rossimobis for your information it does not matter where the crime took place or who did it the point is that it was commited and to the people on the outside looking in don't see WHO,WHAT,WHERE all they see is the numbers.AND NO THE INDIANS IN TNT DON'T GO AROUND SHOOTING PEOPLE THEY JUST USE MORE GRUESOME METHODS LIKE DISMEMBERING HUMAN BEINGS so instead of pointing fingers try and come up with a solution.spyglass2 weeks ago I am a victim of T&T crime and no matter what the figures equate to I have been relegated to retirement after a cutlass attack to my head leaving me with brain damage and my left eye sliced out. My wife had her face swiped off with a cutlass, while pleading for help she was photographed on passer byes cell phones while holding her face on. The people of T&T are generally very friendly but there is a large number of thugs within the community. There medical service is third world and lacks professional nursing staff and most doctors have not been paid for months and live below the T&T poverty line. All this covered up by corrupt officials. Children and their mothers have been murdered by stray bullets, all go unreported by the media. My advice  is DO NOT GO TO T&T AS YOU WILL BE AT RISK.The Ferminator8 days ago Ryankett I went to Trinidad for the first time in February, in time for the Carnival. I can truly say that I had never seen colours before that day!Born in sunny Yorkshire, as a child, I was hungry for my Dad's stories of his exotic homeland. For me, Trinidad was a land filled with magic, hot pepper and places I had been carried to on my Dad's melodic discourse.Trinidad had a lot to live up to in my imagination. And it didn't disappoint. Unfortunately, i never got the chance to make the trip with my Dad. But I'm glad I didn't let crime statistics or horror stories stop me from leaving the comfort of my living room. That's not to say I'm advising people to visit Trinidad. For me, it's a place that captured a place in my heart the very first time I knew of its existence and despite its flaws, it shall firmly remain.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites98ryankettFrom United Kingdom1898 Followers652 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by ryankettContact ryankettFollow ryankettSubscribe to ryankett's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk ryankett a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsIS RATES FOIS DOMESTIC RATES and Holiday home rates paid for the same services i.e Sewage/...asked by michele hooper 5 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionAbout three in ten murderers were later found not guilty and executed. shoud we stop executions overasked by solarcaptain 16 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsJack The Ripper In Americaby crazyhorsesghost1970s Most Infamous Drug Trafficker Boston George Jungby Bail Up !Detective's Cold Case: Camilla "Cam" Lymanby AquaRamon Salcido: Gruesome Murders in the Wine County of...by perryaCrime in Melbourne: Safe and Unsafe Suburbs in Melbourne,...by simeonvisserColombian Drug Trafficking (Trade) - Supply and Demandby kea Crime ForumTopicRepliesWould you be willing to share your knowledge of gangs?posted by blondey5trucks and you ,the us and them syndrome.posted by el lobo1"WikiLeaks' Assange complains he's victim of leaks": Yahoo!posted by fishskinfreak200820Post a new topic52 more topics Tagsdrugs holidays crime murder caribbean criminals Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.801 sec)  working