The murder of James Bulger: Jon Venables back in the news again.HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesSocial IssuesCrime and Justice IssuesThe murder of James Bulger: Jon Venables back in the news again.The murder of James Bulger: Jon Venables back in the news again.73rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy ethel smithThe news that one of the killers of toddler James Bulger has been charged with child porn is both shocking and worrying. This terriblemurder horrified UK citizens and people around the world when details were publicised. For the family of little James the fact that Venables was out on licence would have been terrible. Finding out that this has been revoked and he is facing trial for child porn offences must be unbelievably hard. The killersJamesJames Bulger was born on the 16th March 1990. He was murdered less than three years later by two ten year old boys. This fact alone is shocking but the details of the horrible events that led up to James' death do not bear thinking about.James somehow lost hold of his Mum's hand whilst they were in a shopping centre. The two boys, Robert Thompson and Jon Venables appear to have been looking for such an opportunity. They led James away before anyone realised.As they walked him to what was to be the scene of his death little James cried and was fretful. They stopped briefly near a canal where James was dropped on his head and suffered injuries to his face. The boys explained the fact that James was upset to passers by as if they were big brothers taking him home. Who would not have believed this? In all they passed 38 people as they walked little James 21/2 miles across Liverpool. Two people did challenge the pair but they fobbed them off.James was led to an area close to some railway tracks where he was tortured mercilessly. I prefer not to labour this poor child's injuries but for those who want to know more this link may help.His tiny battered body was then thrown onto the train lines in the hope that what had transpired would never be known. I find it painful and upsetting remembering these tragic events and the news at the time, and I had no association with anyone concerned. For the family such tragic events simply tear them apart.So why rake up all of this dreadful but old news.2010 has seen reports that one of the killers, Jon Venables is accused of child porn offences. He is now 27 years old.It is alleged that he downloaded 57 indecent photographs of children onto his computer and also made 7 available to others whilst he was doing so.The two boys when sentenced for the murder of James were both given life sentences. Watching a documentary about the case last year, I did find details about these boys and their home lives worrying. However, once the details of James' death were aired again it was hard to give them any sympathy at all.The overriding concern for most was that they were only children. However, at ten they should have had some boundaries. On the day of the murder they had been stealing and generally just messing about. Their crime was so terrible though that it is hard to belief such young boys would perpetrate it.When Venables and Thompson were released on licence there were certain conditions. Obviously as soon as it appeared that Venables had broken these terms he was returned to prison. They had been released on licence in 2001 which meant that they had served around eight years. Initially the Home Secretary had stated that these boys had to serve at least 15 years but this was overturned at appeal.Not long for such a terrible crime.Of course in relation to their ages it was a lifetime. For me though that does not help.I am left totally unsure of what we do with children who commit such crimes. They are after all children but what children.Initially there was an injunction against The Sun newspaper for reporting the porn charges in the news. The family of James though have all along maintained that they should have been kept informed.As The Sun reported:-"Venables was recalled to prison in February following the new allegations, but the charges could not be reported until today. James Bulger's devastated family slammed the authorities for not keeping them informed about the details of Venables case. A statement released on behalf of his uncle James "Jimmy" Bulger and his dad Ralph said it was with "enormous relief" that they were finally told details about Venables' crimes today. It read: "Great anguish and distress has been suffered by Ralph and Jimmy, who had the responsibility of identifying James' mutilated and tortured body all those years ago" An appalling situation all round.23rd July 2010 UpdateUK news reports have said that Venables has received a two year jail sentence for the pron image charges. Understandably James Bulger's mother Denise is not happy with such a short jail term. She has asked that Venables 2008 trouble and charges of affray be considered. As Venables was out on licence the public and well as James' family are left wondering why he has not been returned to jail for longer, and sooner.The main reason why the death penalty should never b... As a liberal minded individual, when I was younger, I could never agree to the death penalty or Capital Punishment, as it is also called. Thirty odd years down the road my gut instinct still leans this way...The Murder of pensioner Joan Charlton-What a world-S... The Victim Above is a photograph of Mrs Joan Charlton. She was an 85 year old resident of the city where I live on the East Coast of Yorkshire, England. I say was as this lady was murdered recently. When...Crime: What's with all the current violence in my to...Earlier this year I created a hub about an elderly resident of my town who was brutally murdered. Joan Charlton was horrifically killed by a young man who then sat and laughed outside of her home as her body...Child murders: Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman-The S...Child protection is a serious subject. Sadly all too often we still read about acts of cruelty against children, often by the very people who should be caring for them. The sexual attack, assault or murder of children is a nasty subject. No-one wantsvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome (2)Beautiful Social issues: The death of Nelson Mandela's great granddaughter, on the eve of 2010 World Cup.CommentsSweetiePie6 months ago Very sad story all around.CMHypno6 months ago The whole situation brings up so many questions, that is hard to know what to think.  What led those two children to commit such a terrible crime?  Why were they let out of prison so soon?  How can you ever know that they will not commit a similar crime? What is appropriate punishment for such young children? Interesting Hub, Ethelsheila b.6 months ago Not long ago I posted a hub asking if children who murder should be sentenced to life in prison. Most of the replies are in the affirmative. Like you, I don't like giving up on children, but I'm tending to think once they've committed such a crime and entered the system, there isn't much hope for them to ever rejoin society. Whatever is wrong with them to lead them to murder isn't something they 'grow out of'.Hello, hello,6 months ago I am impressed the way you wrote and handle this terrible crime.  The worst of it is that they done slowly.  I read a report a few years ago that the policeman who had to watch one of them when they came out was tormented terribly.  It don't know if it was Venable or Thomson.  One day he couldn't take it any more and he told him if he doesn't stop it he'll take him to Liverpool and tie him to a lambpost.  That stopped it.Years ago, I went on holiday to Tunisia with our son.  There were two kids playing with our son and all three had fun.  Another kid started to tormenting and challenging them for days.  I told them to ignore him and keep on playing.  After three or four days, the three boys were in the pool splashing, diving and swimming with each other.  I sat at the edge watching.  The next moment that kid took one of the plastic chairs and threw it with all its power on them.  If the boys didn't dive quickly they would have had that chair on their heads.  I told him to either join in with the fun or go away and leave them alone.  The next moment he went and came back having a glass bottle, broke it on the edge, definitely done it before, so quickly and was going for them.  I never went so perserk in all my life.  First that glass in the shallow water round the pool which cuts you to pieces and he stood there ready with the bottle to insure.  Now, comes the point why I am telling all this because I swear it was one of the boys.  He was the same height and age and had a very heavy Liverpool accent.  There was a group of grown-ups with him but this afternoon they were not there.  In the evening one of the men challanged me how I dare to tell 'his son' off.  That boy didn't look anything like him or that woman who was there.  Another point makes me so sure that in the evening a photographer went round and took photos.  The next day he put the photos up on the board and for you  to buy it or not.  I always looked and everybody was but that kid.  Trust me to walk into something like that.  Also that whole group flew back to Manchester.ethel smith6 months ago hh how sacry. I guess it could have been.I know kids often do things that are wrong but it was the severity and nastiness in this case that was so dreadful.I have no answers but sadness for all especially James' parentsloriamoore6 months ago Ugh.IzzyM6 months ago Like everyone else I was torn about what society should do with Venables and Thomson. They were only 10, just kids themselves, but it looks like there had to be something seriously wrong with them, and that is something they will NEVER grow out of. They will always be a danger to society. If one of them was the same kid on holiday then it has been proven that he is a nasty piece of work and tormenting the policeman, then downloading child porn, shows someoe who has absolutely no respect for society. He should be locked up for life. Throw away the key.Thanks for this hub ethel, I hadn't heard about the porn charges, nor had I heard about them being back living in the UK (last I heard they had new names and identities and were living in Australia, but that must just have been a rumour).Rated up!Eileen Hughes6 months ago Oh gosh that sure was a terrible case. I t is so hard to believe anyone could do those things to anyone.  But at such a young age made it so much worse.  We actually thought the boys were in australia.  I was reported so at one time.  horrible. Poor poor parents to have to know what happened to their son is ... I just got shivers down my spine thinking about it.   well written ethelethel smith6 months ago Thanks to you all. The current identity and whereabouts of both the boys remains hiddentonymac046 months ago I remember that I w2as on a visit to UK soon after this horrible event and I remember how nervous parents were. Here in South Africa we tend to smile and and even make a fuss of children we don't know in supermarkets etc., but in UK at that time it was not possible - one had to keep one's distance, and I can understand that. It was an aweful crime, an aweful thing to have happened.Thanks for your sensitve handling of this terrible incident and its aftermath.Love and peaceTonyethel smith6 months ago Thanks Tony. Sad situation all roundGarnetBird6 months ago HEARTBREAKING--that poor little boy (James) looks like some of my nephews. We should never, ever drop our guard or forget what happened to children like James. I remember when I lived in the UK in the 1980's I walked home from rehearsal after dark and was safe.  Times have changed, haven't they--even in Britain.ethel smith6 months ago Sadly times have changed the world over GBhabee6 months ago Oh, Ethel, this will haunt me for days. I cannot imagine what that toddler went through and what the family will continue to endure. Thumbs up on your wonderful reporting!ethel smith6 months ago Thanks Habee and sorry also. Something to be aware of sadlyParaglider6 months ago It seemed at the time that the two boys were the worst possible influence on each other. A terrible pairing where neither in any way restrained the other, and each drew justification from the other. This is not to offer any kind of excuse, but the circumstances of two such maladjusted individuals finding each other is mercifully extremely rare. The crime did lead to a wave of overprotection of children. Unfortunately it did not lead to any greater monitoring of deviant individuals.You are right that society simply didn't know how best to handle this case. It was beyond experience.Amanda Severn6 months ago I remember this case so well. Thankfully such incedences are incredibly rare, but it goes to show how a grim start in life can mess a child up permanantly. Such individuals are better behind bars.ethel smith6 months ago Thanks para and amanda for dropping by.It is true that some pairings can be disatorous. My hubby as a youngster had a best friend who was not good for him. They were always in trouble, though nothing too serious.This case will always be sad to remember and a difficult one to assessRedElf6 months ago I believe Sheila B. has the right of it - what on earth can we do to help such children. We cannot leave them in society to do more harm, but unless we can find out how to help them, and change them, we are only postponing their potential to do more harm when they are released once again. Surely, strict monitoring after their release is in order?ethel smith6 months ago Thanks for the inout RedElf. A very tricky situationH P Roychoudhury6 months ago It is no doubt a sad story. I suppose the downloaded 57 indecent photographs of children onto his computer have tempted the childs mind to do such crime.ethel smith6 months ago Not quite sure what you mean HP but es it is a very sad tale.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites94ethel smithHubPages EliteFrom Kingston-Upon-Hull754 Followers301 HubsJoined 20 months agoRead more hubs by ethel smithContact ethel smithFollow ethel smithSubscribe to ethel smith's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk ethel smith a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsA small time drug dealer gets 5 years in jail. A drunk kills someone while driving and only getsasked by GoGranny 11 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionShould US citizens go to jail alongside murderers and rapists for marijuana offences?asked by shimla 4 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThe Evil of Jeffrey Dahmer, not a dull lifeby gunsockA World Turned Upside Down By Childrenby CiscoPixieChildren who kill by Jennifer AnnThe Nature of Violenceby smartcontentzelephants and donkeysby xobliamThe Failure of American Journalismby Falsor Wing Crime and Justice Issues ForumTopicRepliesAmazon pedophilia author arrestedposted by Stacie L74madoff's son kills himselfposted by Stacie L4Germany doubles money to aging Holocaust survivorsposted by Stacie L0Post a new topic21 more topics Tagschildren jail jimmy ralph thompson child porn Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.806 sec)  working