Peak Oil and a Changing Climate ! // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 210Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 72Corporations or politicians hurting America? 12The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 08, 2011| 28 commentsPeak Oil and a Changing Climate !source: http://www.commondreams.org/video/2011/01/08An error occurred while setting up video display.kennymotown added thisEven if you don't believe that fossil fuels are a contributor to climate change, this video is very important for you too watch. Why? Because Peek oil is here and since 95% of all transportation depends on oil, oil and natural gas will surely effect our world economic picture. The Party is definitely over in ways you personally will experience this year and every year after. Our Import deficit in Chinese products and other country's around the world will begin too drop. That can easily be seen by the mere fact more expensive oil too fuel tankers bringing goods to our shores. This may be the break American workers have been waiting for, a boom for American manufacturing those same goods here. Locally, opportunity is knocking at the door since it will be more efficient to produce the products needed closer to home.groups:News tags:Kenny's gonna save the world! |28 comments// Peak Oil and a Changing Climate ! // Videohide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+2tommic28 OUT OF 33 Oil producing nations have seenproduction of crude oil go down in the last three years, it is not going back up ever again. I have written this before and many times, it is archived on the internet and dated for any who would like to see it. Peak oil is here, natural gas may be abundant but if fracking is the answer, we don't want it.  The time has come to utilize alternitive fuels, period.  Cost is no longer the factor, as Oil becomes even more scarce the price will rise dramatically, the media in case you have missed it is preparing the population for 5 dollar gas, they are talking about its coming to fruition very soon. Rest assured we can manufacture produce and distribute bio fuels favorable to the enviorment for about 6 or 7 dollars a gallon. Its coming its real and it about time.  Materials and scale of production are now the the problems to overcome and complete The military has completed two plants one for production of bio fuels for aircraft and the other coal to diesel  Here we go!Archived at NYTimes onlinesearch  thomas mcmahon millis ma 14 hours agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  tommic:Combustion engines burn up our BREATHING GAS (OXYGEN). Doesn't matter what's being burned, coal-to-diesel is a poor choice because THEY ARE ALL POOR CHOICES. Combustion is still combustion. The bees are dying, other creatures are dying, it's time for COMBUSTION ENGINES TO DIE.Compressed air + steam booster = ZERO COMBUSTION. Compressed air is very cold at minus 320 degrees. Inject a few drops into a steam-filled cylinder and you have a diesel engine-burying dynamo. Steam at plus 320 balances out the engine to room temperature therefore NO COOLING SYSTEM NEEDED.The engine produces NO EXHAUST, therefore it needs NO EXHAUST SYSTEM. No cooling system + no exhaust system = LESS WEIGHT to pull down the highway = MORE HORSEPOWER.All cylinders fire at the same time = MORE POWER.Every stroke a power stroke = MORE POWER.MORE POWER.MORE POWER.MORE POWER.MORE POWER.MORE POWER.MORE POWER.MORE POWER.MORE POWER 13 hours agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  tommic:Very well said tommic! 9 hours agoflag  reply+1tverdellAll of my favorites, Heinberg, Chomsky, KunstlerI am orgasmic.Thanks for the vid. 21 hours agoflag  reply+1TasteHiSure I'll start a manufacturing plant that makes independent energy products which will allow individuals to free themselves from the electrical and corporate grid. 23 hours agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  TasteHi:Great, get er dun! 23 hours agoflag  reply+3Saladin"Anybody who believes exponential growth can go on forever in a finite world is either a madman or an economist." - Kenneth BouldingWhen Peak Oil happens is somewhat of a contentious question, but its occurrence at some point in the future is a mathematical certainty so long as growth continues the way it does.Ceteris peribus, this is the last century of heavy industrial activity on planet earth, and we're using up most of that potential right now.Save some dramatic new scientific discovery, like cold fusion, there simply is not an energy source that can sustain our present way of life indefinitely into the future. Space colonization and mining will soon become a necessity, and we haven't figured those things out enough yet to rely on them at all.Much like Climate Change, overpopulation, ecosystem destruction or oceanic dead zones, this has been an accelerating problem for decades and its real effects are going to sneak up on us real fast. And once they do, it will pretty much be too late.Of course, you never hear a peep about this from practically anywhere. If you watched tv news, you'd be under the impression that nothing at all was wrong and that we could last another 5 centuries on our own reserves. It seems that the economic elites of the world are as deluded about this as the masses they attempt to sway. Which is problematic, seeing as heavy investment into science and infrastructure from the rich is pretty much the only way we're going to get out of this. 1 day agoflag  reply+2kennymotown  Saladin:Very well said Saladin! 1 day agoflag  reply0TasteHi  Saladin:It's like you said economic elites only know one thing....moving the economy....ofcourse moving it up or down totally eludes them but who's taking score right? 23 hours agoflag  reply0Saladin  TasteHi:Yeah, all they see is green.What they don't seem to understand is that the materials economy is the only one that actually exists.It doesn't matter if you're making money if you're not making goods or providing services. So long as so much money is being thrown at derivatives or other stupid bets we'll never get anywhere.Government seems to be dragging its feet and the current political climate doesn't allow for serious funding of the sciences. 4 hours agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  Saladin:"Save some dramatic new discovery" has already happened. Vehicles can run indefinitely recycling air & water. You mentioned cold fusion. What do you think my engine is, chopped liver? In a post above I wrote some about how it works but for you here let me put it in short terms => it's a form of Desktop Fusion.It is both simple & a tad complex but it's Here and it's Now.The transition you think is still future is already here. I think one of the beauties about it is it can spin a generator to run motors on each wheel or it can do it the standard way with transmission and drive shaft. Either one.I realize the entire scientific community keeps saying there's no desktop fusion because they've been beating that drum for years now. They've said it so much everybody has had it drummed into their noggins mine can't possibly work [because they say it hasn't been invented yet]. Well, it will do over 1300% the hp of any combustion engine similar in size.The air is recycled and the water is used as it is recycled => coming off the engine cold & that cold is used to cool down the air compressors. You've heard of regenerative brakes right? Mine is a total regenerative car engine system that makes its own fuel on-the-fly.It isn't a flux capacitor but for now it'll do fine. We can still use crude oil too just much less. The planet generates new oil, everybody knows that. We're just using it faster than it can make more. There's no reason we can't find the correct balance to where tectonic plate motion changes to static, no motion or very close.Preferably before losing California. 3 hours agoflag  reply-4MrMxyzptlkBe afraid!  Be EVEN MORE afraid!!!  Oh the FEAR!!  Fear the FEAR!!!Why not just tell us if we don't stop using oil you are going to kill a puppy?Not that it would change my mind, but at least it would be something new. 1 day agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  MrMxyzptlk:Your missing the point! Time for a reset my friend, don't be afraid embrace change! 1 day agoflag  reply-4MrMxyzptlk  kennymotown:I get that you are hoping for some drastic calamity to befall mankind.  But that doesn't mean it has to happen.  It just means you are suffering from a chemical imbalance and need to be medicated for your own good. 1 day agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  MrMxyzptlk:Always with the personnel attacks signs of a very week mind! 1 day agoflag  reply0Gravity_Man  kennymotown:A reset might work somewhere, but not here. The only reset they do here is raising prices. Even now in this long recession they've held back lowering prices. They do that because they have faith the reset is coming and they don't want to reset up from a lowered price.But maybe in other areas. Of course, if a Price Freeze was enacted to keep them from doing that yeah, I'd agree with you without reservations. Maybe there's a need for a Price Freeze Czar. 1 day agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  Gravity_Man:Wether or not a reset is what people want it is going to happen! 1 day agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  kennymotown:I just want you to be happy.  Really happy.  The kind of happiness that doesn't require someone else to be suffering.  I've been there in the depths of depression and it doesn't have to be that way.  You can be truely happy.  Just talk to your doctor.  Please. 1 day agoflag  reply-1kennymotown  MrMxyzptlk:I am probably one of the happiest guys you could ever meet, I think your kidney medicine is messing your head up. Your the one who should have a visit to your doctor and tell him about the effects these kidney medicines are having on your out look! 24 hours agoflag  reply-1kennymotown  MrMxyzptlk:Those side effects of Kidney medicine do play tricks on the mind, really you should instead of accusing someone of sound mind and no criminal record or medical record of mental illness, call your doctor as soon as possible! 24 hours agoflag  reply-1TasteHi  MrMxyzptlk:Well lets ignore all the negativity...lets just say humans can't affect the planet negatively...is that to say that we can't affect it positively? why is that so terrible? If this country gained power, it wasn't through money it was through innovation....imagine where we'd be today if England hadn't sent us (a settling colony) our first steam engine? Or if China had decided not to trade Black Powder.....you get the point....I think it's our turn to make something the world can rely on, simple as that. 22 hours agoflag  reply-1MrMxyzptlk  kennymotown:Well Doctor, what "kidney medicines" do you think I am on? 9 hours agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  TasteHi:Why would we say that?  We clearly can affect things negatively.  We just need to be rational about which things are really negative and which things are just paranoid conspiracy theories. 9 hours agoflag  reply0TasteHi  MrMxyzptlk:meh its your ball park. The point is we do need to stop discussing when the end of the earth or the end of society is going to come about.I simply propose we all stop buying so much overpriced crap. Honestly, took my mother shopping for shoes the other day and she couldn't decide on the $40 dollar or $20 dollar shoe...finally I proposed she'd just get the cheaper one, after all they're both made in china and they're both gonna fall apart at the same time. I wish people would just rationalize things instead of letting the advertisements do all the rationalization for them...we're so self defeating makes me want to spend my money on liquor....DRINKS ON THE HOUSE! 18 minutes agoflag  reply+3kennymotownWill we be more offensive in going to oil country's to fight for and take natural resources or have we woke up to the fact our national defense budget has become to top heavy to continue war for oil? 1 day agoflag  reply+2Gravity_Man  kennymotown:There's lots more reasons to be in Afghanistan than crude oil. Remember they found all the precious metals and stuff needed to make circuit boards over there?You can write off Afghanistan Kenny. 1 day agoflag  reply+2JanforGore  kennymotown:I don't think war will ever stop. Next it will be water, as it's potable availabiity is reaching a peak as well. It seems humans on the whole are just not happy unless they can find something to fight about. But I agree, there needs to be a transition if for no other reason than to save this planet's and our health regardless of what you think about global warming and climate change. We are toxifiying ourselves to death. 1 day agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  JanforGore:Well said Jan! 1 day agoflag  replymore fromNews:Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick Latest News Wyatt Earp SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10Imran Khan: Pakistan is 'going down' more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  8 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  16 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  25 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 Incredulous commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  2 hours ago"When it comes to terrorism, we should err on the side of protecting the American people," Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement."Well they got the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog