Problems and Solutions for the Criminal Justice SystemHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesCrime and Law EnforcementCrimeProblems and Solutions for the Criminal Justice SystemProblems and Solutions for the Criminal Justice System78rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy OpinionDuck The Criminal Justice System as applied in the United States has been ineffective to reduce crime or even to punish or rehabilitate the criminals.The criminal justice system in the United States is not based on the biblical eye for an eye punishment.The US justice system is either applied to punish or rehabilitate the violators of the law.California for example tries to rehabilitate violators of the law. In my opinion they have not been very successful in accomplishing that goal. The criminal justice system across the country is very diverse, with the big split being the Federal Justice system versus those contained in the State. The Federal Justice System is more uniform that those of the states. That is obvious because they use a single justice code. There are some variations in it because of the way that the federal courts interpret it. The State Courts across the country are varied and diverse, and then it gets even more varied and diverse based on venue and jurisdiction.This diversity results in a crime being judged differently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.This can make a crime receive harsh punishment in one jurisdiction while only receiving minimal punishment in a different jurisdiction. This has the effect of making the same act pay different consequences. This is totally unfair to the person committing the illegal act. In some jurisdictions they may decide either to not prosecute certain crimes or even to arrest for these crimes.My opinion is that criminal acts need to be scaled and prioritized by level of danger or abuse. Consider how irrational it is to throw the book at a person for committing a crime in one jurisdiction, while plea bargaining or dropping the case in another jurisdiction.There is also a difference in different jurisdictions as to the levels and treatment of prisoners in prison. My point is that you shouldn't apply more punishment for a lesser crime because the courts in one jurisdiction or even within the same jurisdiction fully enforce the lesser crime, but give more lenient sentences for the more dangerous crime.The jurisdictions that have minimum sentences for crimes doesn't fully solve this problem.For example, I don't believe that the death penalty should ever be given to a crime that was sold to the jury on circumstantial evidence as its case in chief. There are too many prisoners that were in jail for many years, they later evidence came out that vindicated their innocence. This doesn't mean that I am against the death penalty, but I don't believe in the pure circumstantial evidence as proof beyond a reasonable doubt. Problems and Solutions for the Criminal Justice System in the NewsCriminal justice: Flaws in a system that leads nation in number of exonerations must be addressedAustin American-Statesman17 hours agoCriminal justice: Flaws in a system that leads nation in number of exonerations must be addressedReform agenda 'behind schedule'BBC News34 hours agoThe coalition government is behind schedule on 12 key reforms to the criminal justice system, immigration and counter-terrorism, it emerges.Fixing criminal justice system a new priority: RichardsAirdrie Echo3 days agoThe criminal justice system in this country is broken and it's going to take a concerted effort on behalf of all political parties to fix it,...Law & Disorder: Jan. 9, 2011Kingston Daily Freeman10 hours agoThe following items are based on information provided by officials in law enforcement and the criminal justice system.College, not jailNew York Post13 hours agoPresident Michael Pollards decision to evict the Center for NuLeadership on Urban Solutions from Medgar Evers College is misguided and counterproductive (Cuckoo Court Karma, Editorial, Jan. 4). In line with its mission, the college has a student body that is predominantly drawn from the communities that are most impacted...Plea deals dominate Indiana felony case outcomesWTHR Indianapolis46 hours agoA judge says Indiana residents benefit from a state criminal justice system that has only 2.5 percent of criminal cases going to trial.Cash Money Content & Atria Books Present A Landmark Step-by-Step Guide that Reveals the Truths and Lies of the ...Business Wire44 hours agoNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cash Money Launches Book CompanyEau Claire County picked to participate in national criminal justice networkWQOW Eau Claire6 days agoA national organization takes notice of criminal justice efforts in Eau Claire County.Prisoners in California are escaping their jail terms because the state cannot afford to keep them there.What is the purpose of putting criminals in jail, only to let them go back on the streets before they paid their debt to society. Does it make sense to put expensive and limited resources into high profile cases, while letting more dangerous threats to society go unattended because of the drain on the resources from pursuing the high profile cases. All crimes should be treated equally and the limited resources of the justice system should be prioritized by their threat to the people.The California prison system has nearly 170,000 inmates, and the cost of their care is a major political and budget issue as officials weigh multibillion costs of improved facilities against death and illness behind bars.The pointis not the release of the prisoners , but it is the criminal justice system.The Criminal Justice System in the United States is broken, and it didn't just happen. It was broken many many decades ago. The problem is that there are too many laws and too little officers to enforce these laws. Like the public education system, the criminal justice system needs a new structure and goal. What was OK for the first half of the 20th Century just doesn't work anymore. Proposed Solution for Criminal JusticeStructure the crimes into more than just Felonies, Misdemeanors and Infractions. The difference would be to weight the crimes according to the danger that possess to the public. The idea is to take the limited resources of law enforcement and the court system and focus on the biggest threat. Don't avoid any crimes but don't put needed resources on them, that could go for the more dangerous crimes.Prostitution and gambling are such crimes and they can be enforced for the most part as tickets. Of course any violence or dangerous crimes stemming from these activities are still the focus of law enforcement. But, not the money aspect of these crimes. You can legalize them or tax them or ticket them. There are many crimes that are victimless, at least in contrast to murder, robberies, rapes etc. If you must incarcerate, then consider these crimes for private jails or stay in the house type punishment. These "crimes" are not the ones that should be wasted on a the limited law enforcement resources. What is the purpose of catching and prosecuting criminals, if you are going to turn them out early? At least with this proposal you didn't waste resources on them, that could be used to brin down the dangerous bad guys.Here is an ironic thing about the prison system. When prisoners are paroled, they are not allowed to associate with other parolees. What the hell do you think they are doing while in prison. By the time that they get out of prison, they have already shared many techniques on commiting crimes and staying out of jail. So, let us get prisons back to the non social era, and let them do their time quietly and without mixing with the local crimianl talent.End the 24 hour fitness and the social yard time for the prisoners. From what I can see, there is more crime within the prisons than outside the prison, at least in these kinds of concentrated populations. The criminal codes across the country vary so much that there is no uniformity for jail sentences for the same crime. Yes, I know about states righs and all, but the counry has limited resources to fight crime. It is best if they used it wisely. Should it really matter if a criminal kills someone in a certain locality and that locality has different rules about the time to be served. It is ridiculous to have major crimes be treated so differently just because of the locality of the crime. The rules of evidence also vary from one state to another. This enables some innocent people to be convicted of a crime, while letting real criminals go free. There used to be a critical element to all dangerous, violent or deadly crimes, it was called Mens Rea, or the intent to actually commit the crime. Modern criminal law has taken this element out of the critical path for many crimes. This has elevated acts of major stupidity and bad judgement to the same level as the intentional crimes committed by the serious criminal. The separation between the reall criminal and the accidental criminal has increased the number of felonies. This adds to the already long list of felonies in existence before the Mens Rea had to be there. Now, the Mens Rea is imputed to the defendant by the nature of their acts and the damage that was done by them. A crime was committed in both the case where there is Mens Read and those where there is an imputed Mens Rea, but are they really at the same level, that they should be treated as the same crime? Another problem in the court system, is that prosecutorial discretion is now really a function of economics rather than justice. Dismissing a case, not prosecuting a case is what I talking about. Prosecuting these cases would add to the prison system and the costs to the state, but it would be for justice. The bottom line there is the crime itself, was it worth having in the first place. Circumstantial Evidence in the criminal court cases is basically which side told the best story, and not necessarity which is the correct story about the guilt or innocence of the defendant. This works against the beyond a reasonalbe doubt for the guilty verdict. The last two items have more to do with justice and improving the justice system.Back to the point, non violent crimes can be paid for by house arrest, private prisons and in low security public facilities. The idea of putting violent and non violent criminals in the same arena is not a good idea for the prisoners and an even worse idea for us the people. New methods are needed to handle violent criminals, especially in the current world of gangs today. Letting gang members run through the prison community is just asking for trouble. I also don't understand how prisoners can get drugs into the prisons without the help of the guards or some other mechanism in the prison system. Prisoners need to have goals just like students going to school. Everything besides the prison cell should be a privilege and it has to be earned, things like TV, papers, library, excercise, sports etc. There should also be uniformity across a state in the institutions so that programs meet the same goals. Perhaps separating different types of crimes in the same manner as hospitals separate patients with different illnesses would work better.than just throwing all the criminals in the same arena. This would be especially true of the most violent criminals. This would be a major change for the prison system and it would mean that prisons be typed and be a hub for that type of criminal. It might be hard for the family members to visit them, but no more so than when a sick person has to go far away to get treatment for their illness.Food for prisoners should be no different than what is served at food kitchens. A reward system for good behavior might warrant some extras to those prisoners that are model prisoners. This would also go for movies, TV and other goodies. The idea is that as a prisoner you don't live well, you just live OK. If you want better than that then you have to earn it. Maybe a reward would be to get some two for one days off your sentence. Rotate prisoners for the community periods randomly, so that the same people don't congregate together everyday. Phone calls and other communications should be privilege and earned except for emergency or required phone calls, say with counsel. Ifcertain prisoners can't behave when in the presence of other prisoners, then they stay confined for a period of time until they earn the privilege to get out of their cell. Maybe none of these suggestions are viable but one thing for sure the current penal system is not working. The 30 year old case against Roman Polanski is a example of how to misuse the very low criminal justice resources held by California. More serious crimes than that committed by Roman Polanksi are dealt away by California Criminal Prosecutors every week in plea bargains.Couldn't the money and the resources that California has used or actually misused to get Roman Polanski to pay for a 30 year old crime, been better spent on getting bad guys off the street today. Polanski has not commited any crimes since the 1978 case that they are going after for now. Is he a threat to California, or even anyone in the United States, no, has to be the answer.This is a cruel joke, while the release of up to 57,000 prisoners are being litigated. This is not money well spent in these hard economic times and it is far from the pursuit of justice.Another example was the OJ murder trial and the tremendous cost to the taxpayers because of the use of statewide criminal justice resources to try and convict OJ.The question is, how many bad guys got plea bargained because there weren't enough resources to handle them correctly?vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome (1)Beautiful Government: The US Government practices Unconstitutionality in case where money is involvedWhat do you think about the US Criminal Justice System?OpinionDuck3 months ago Coming soon to your neighborhood, a just released ahead of time jailbird.FitnezzJim3 months ago Good Hub Duck.  What do we do about criminals who regard prison as their institutions of higher learning?H P Roychoudhury3 months ago A criminal is criminal. He should be punished severely.  Now days there is liberalism in every country in imposing death sentence for sever crime. I dont like to confuse with universal brotherhood and friendship. But I like to be cruel to criminals. There should not be any mercy to punish a criminal. Even for a jail term a criminal should not be supplied with best food rather with worst food. For rectification a criminal must suffer in foods, in dress, or in comfort of any kind. He should realize that he had done wrong and he has to suffer.OpinionDuck3 months ago JimIt depends on what they consider higher education.Increasing their criminal skills should be discouraged, while getting a job skill should be encouraged.The school campus atmosphere of the prisons need to be changed to one where less crimes can be committed in prison than is the case now. Gangs in prison just invites more crimes.If convicts that are paroled cannot fraternize with ex convicts when they get out, why should we allow it in the prisons.First, don't put first time prisoners in with hardened criminals. Also don't let gangs hang together, whether you cut down on the yard time, and let only small groups out at the same time.While the more complete answer would take a book, I would say that the current penal system is a failure all around. A new paradigm for prisons needs to be developed. Actually, a whole new penal system needs to be developed along with it to support it.Private prisons should be considered for certain types of crimes. The magnitude of crimes should be paired with the prison sentence length and prison facility. For example, in recent times many of the Mens Rea (criminal intent) crimes have substituted an inferred Mens Rea from the results of their action or inaction. DUI that resulted in a death. These people have committed a crime but it is not the same as those that are Intentionally Committed. So these people should not be treated the same.ThanksOpinionDuck3 months ago HPIn concept I agree with you. I would also refer you to my comment to Jim above.ThanksTinaQynn3 months ago Great Hub, but do away with weights and yard time? Then you'll really have some caged animals!OpinionDuck3 months ago Tinareplace weights with running and other non weight exercises. See my comment to Jim above for the yard time.Thanks for stopping bySubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites87OpinionDuck279 Followers103 HubsJoined 13 months agoRead more hubs by OpinionDuckFollow OpinionDuckSubscribe to OpinionDuck's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk OpinionDuck a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsThe difference between Murder and Man-Slaughter? (sorry it's a depressing Q)asked by Lady_E 7 months ago10 answersAnswer this questionShould Billy the Kid be given any kind of pardon after 129 year since his death?asked by yankeeintexas 9 days ago5 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsLife On the Inside: A Correctional Officers View of Life...by christalluna1124Crimes and Punishmentsby Kerry43Pretty Boy Floyd, The Kansas City Massacre, and His MURDER...by Wesman Todd ShawThe Supreme Court may aid California Criminals to get out...by OpinionDuckThe Death Penalty, How has it changed over the years?by Darlene SabellaFake Money, Taxes, Global Banks and A Police State in the...by Jeremey Crime ForumTopicRepliesWould you be willing to share your knowledge of gangs?posted by blondey5trucks and you ,the us and them syndrome.posted by el lobo1"WikiLeaks' Assange complains he's victim of leaks": Yahoo!posted by fishskinfreak200820Post a new topic52 more topics Tagscriminal justice justice system criminal justice system prison system us criminal justice system criminal justice system united states Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.765 sec)  working