What Parents Need to Know About CuttingHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingTeensAdvice and Tips for Parents of TeensWhat Parents Need to Know About CuttingWhat Parents Need to Know About Cutting78rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Lela DavidsonGreat Read for Parents and KidsThe Tenth CircleAmazon Price: $4.34List Price: $26.00This is a great read that describes cutting in the context of a teenager's life, but it's not only a teen or YA book. There are adult themes and characters as well as adolescents. It's a good adult read on it's own regardless of the education on cutting. I would also share with an older child, with discretion. Self-Injury BasicsCutting, also known as self-injury or self-mutilation is the practice of manipulating a mood or emotional state by inflicting physical harm on a person's own body. Many people who do this will cut themselves, but they may also burn, scratch, bite, or hit themselves - particularly banging the head. It's a form of communicating feelings the person cannot express and it is distinctly different from self inflicted pain derived from sexual acts or spiritual ritual. It is not associated with body piercing or tattooing.It's important to note that self-injury is rarely life threatening. However, because of the revulsion many people feel about it, some health care providers have an appropriate response. That said, it doesn't matter how severe or minor the physical injuries are. It's what's going on inside that matters.What is the Payoff of Cutting?Self-injury releases tension - both physiological and psychological - very quickly. A person who cuts can turn a state of overwhelm into a state of relative calm almost immediately. Cutting reduces panic to simply feeling bad. It is a destructive coping skill like many others in our society - drinking, anorexia, or working too much. It does not mean the person is crazy, or that they are attempting suicide. In fact, the self-injury may relieve tension to the point that the person no longer considers suicide.Why Do Kids Cut Themselves?One common denominator in kids who cut themselves is an inability to express their feelings. They either never learned how to do it or were invalidated when they tried. They have gotten the idea, possibly from an abusive home life though not always, that certain feelings are wrong and not to be articulated. They may have not had a role model for coping with troubling situations in a healthy way.  Cutting also gives the child a great sense of control. Some kids do it as a form of self-punishment, but this isn't always the case. Many cutters use it to express feelings that there are no words for.Some kids are predisposed toward this kind of behavior and it may take very little to set it off. Serotonin may be involved in making some kids more aggressive and impulsive than others, therefore more likely to self-mutilate. Once a kid tries the behavior and realizes the immense stress relief it provides, it may seem like a good idea for the next time the child is under stress. Cutting is not done, as frequently believed, to "fit in" or to garner attention. Many teens will go to great lengths to hide the effects of the behavior in an attempt to avoid adding shame to their already fragile mental state.Help For Kids Who Cut Although parents may not be able to prevent cutting, maintaining open communication should always be a goal. Parents should make sure they're not the ones doing all the talking and be careful not to try to solve all the child's problems. Sometimes parents just need to listen so that children know it's okay to speak the things that weigh on their hearts. Like with other addictions, a kid cannot be forced not to cut himself. He needs to be ready to accept help and do the work it takes to change the behavior. Do not issue ultimatums or punish the self-destructive behavior. Threatening to hospitalize or institutionalize a self-injurer can make feelings of lack of control and overwhelm even worse. Once the child is ready to stop, there are many therapeutic techniques employed by mental health professionals to help him. It's best to consult a professional with specific experience working with kids who self-mutilate. There may be underlying serious mental conditions that need to be diagnosed.This is a serious matter and not just a fad. If you suspect your child is cutting, seek help right away. And as with all things teenager - keep up the conversation as much as you can to try and prevent this tragic behavior.One Girl's Experience: http://www.lompocrecord.com/articles/2005/01/13/news/news11.txtTreatment Centers: http://www.selfinjury.com/Comprehensive Resources:http://www.focusas.com/SelfInjury.html    Read more from Lela at http://www.leladavidson.com/Read Lela's humor column, After the Bubbly at Who is Isabella?Learn about writing with Writing Mom Cutting: Understanding and Overcoming Self-MutilationAmazon Price: $4.43List Price: $15.95Inside a Cutter's Mind: Understanding and Helping Those Who Self-InjureAmazon Price: $7.00List Price: $14.99vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (3)Funny Awesome Beautiful All About Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) in ChildrenThe Truth About Teen Sex:  Whos Doing It?Kristen3 years ago As a mother of a teenager, I really appreciate this article. I did know about cutting but not the why's and what to do about it. Teenagers are a strange phenomenon and it is important for us parents to keep up on what kids are doing to themselves. Lela Davidson3 years ago Thank you Kristen.  It's frightening what we're up against.~LelaMaddie Ruud3 years ago One thing I think keeps people from truly understanding why someone would cut is that we do not often speak of it as an addiction, which it can become.  Cutting actually releases endorphins in the brain, and for a depressed teen (or adult), this boost is enough to prompt repeated self-injury.vinz073 years ago Hello..This article is very helpful to all parents....Parenting is very inportant...Michelle2 years ago I just discovered my 14 almost 15 year old son has experimented with cutting. Once about a month ago and once last night.  I am terrified.  My son and I talked, he cried, I felt like my heart had been stabbed repeatedly.  He is my world!!!!!  He took down two hotline numbers and put them into his cell phone.  He is very apprehensive about talking to anyone face to face but is more than willing to use the hotline.Lost, frightened, and heartbroken,MichellecareyXcarnage24 months ago As a cutter, this article basically sucks.This gives no info on what I would like my mom to do if she found out.If anyone really wants to know about what to do if your kid is cutting, please email me, and don't read this stupid article.careyjonz95@gmail.comLela Davidson23 months ago careyXcarnage, I'd like to know. I would encourage you to post your thoughts here so that all the parents that read this will know how to help.Yatesheika23 months ago As a former cutter, I would have to agree with careyXcarnage.Not everyone cuts because they cannot express their feelings. In fact, I have known quite a few others and all of us had different reasons.I'm glad you pointed out that cutting is not done in order to in order to fit in or get attention. On that matter though, I would like to point out that cutters do put a lot of effort into hiding it. I hid it from all but my very best friends (we tell each other everything) and swore them to secrecy. The last thing I would've wanted would've been for everyone to know. This has been my experience with friends who used to cut as well. I would strongly question anyone who still cuts and has no problems exposing it to the world. If your child behaves this way than I would not be surprised if she is doing it for attention. While getting help is always advisable, if this is the case I would recommend it even more adamantly. Going to such extremes merely for attention is, in my opinion, an even more serious issue. Not to mention it gives legitmate cutters a bad name.Unless your child actually comes directly to you to discuss their cutting or otherwise makes it clear they wish to I would'nt urge them to talk to you about it. She should talk to someone about it, preferably a person who is qualified to deal with it. That person just doesn't need to be you. If the child started cutting because she felt like she couldn't express her feelings it seems ludicrous to think that same child is suddenly going to be comfortable discussing what could be a more difficult and uncomfortable issue with you. Also if your child seems uncomfortable with the idea of discussing this with anyone I wouldn't overly pressure her. Forcing her to deal with it before she's ready will only make it more difficult when she is and chances are she'll resent you for it later. I would still monitor the situation just to be sure things aren't getting out of control. Also make sure your child knows that if and when she is ready you're there for her and will get her outside help if that is what she wants or needs.If your child cuts, I would strongly encourage you personally to go speak to a specialist and see what her advice is given your specific circumstances. Every situation is different and all I or any other cutter/former cutter can give you is general information based on our own experiences.Lela Davidson23 months ago Yatesheika, I can't thank you enough for your comment. This is a very difficult behavior for many of us to understand and we can use all the help we can get. I really appreciate you taking the time to shed more light on this. And I'm glad you have 'recovered' - if that's the right terminology. Thank you.Panic Attack Treatment21 months ago WOW... this is so informative. My neice has been cutting for over a year now and i had no idea all that was behind it. This will help so much in understanding where she is at in life. Thank-youFreudulant21 months ago Very informative article. I just wrote a hub on the topic myself! Keep up the great work.Info Help15 months ago Hi Lela,I am a mother of a 15 year old daughter. She used to cut when she was going through her 8th grade year. Luckily, she only experimented with it and doesn't have any really bad scars. I ended taking her to talk to a professional as she didn't want to tell me about anything. She is now over that part in her life and is doing much better. The best thing I could do for her was listen to her.Rummie3 months ago I am a 14 year old male and I cut. I'd just like to help all you parents out a little bit. Before you get angry towards your child for cutting ask them why they do it. It'll make both you and your childs life better. For an example I cut as a stress reliever because I was abused by my mom all my life and CPS refused to help or get involved then on top of that I found my Grandpa dead. My grandpa was my BEST friend in the whole world. Then my folks got divorced and my mom blamed it all on me. Then told the judge that she wanted nothing to do with me. If you are going to talk to your child about their cutting please make sure you get informed on why they do it and try putting yourself in there shoes to understand what they go through on a day to day basis.Alyssa3 months ago About a year ago I started cutting. My friends found out and pretty much abandoned me as a friend. Eventually my mom found out and got mad, she told me if I did it again she would slap the crap out of me. I went straight to alcohol and drugs and eventually found myself cutting yet again. I have promised friends and family that I wouldn't do it, yet I have started again. Cutting can turn into an addiction, but the more parents try to take away stress relievers the more it starts coming back. I have been resisting so much that it is actually taking a mental toll on me. I have been trying to get help, but the last place I want to go is to my parents. If you are a parent dealing with a child that cuts, sit down and LISTEN don't get all pissy with them, that will make problems worse. Let them know that you still love them and that you still support them, get them help.Ashley3 months ago I am a 15 year old girl who has cut for a few years now. I would really like to make a point in addition to all the comments here..I think it's important to also understand your child as a person, not just focus on their cutting. My parents.. It's true, they're good parents, but only materialistically, and only one.. My mom lives far from me, and My dad doesn't really pay us much emotional or mental attention. We haven't even gone to the doctor's in years.One of my friend's snitched on me. Told the Guidance office two years ago. I was called to the nurse. The nurse told my dad. My dad asked me if it was true, and I lied. He never asked to see my marks, never said another word of it. I felt abandoned. I was hoping he would've known me well enough to know when I lied, and that when I lie, I'm really screaming for help.If you're child denies it, maybe it's true they didn't, but it's a possibility they're like me. Open communication is key.. But, if you don't start this early enough, well... They may never feel comfortable going to you.Parents, Make sure your kids always know they can come to you, whenever. And when I say whenever, I do mean whenever. In the middle of the night, or in the car. Let them talk. If you deny them once, it'll stay with them.Kids and Teens, It's okay to seek help from both your peers and elders. Your parents are usually there for you, in most cases. If you don't feel comfortable talking to them, maybe try a trusted teacher or another guardian. Just remember you're never alone, and someone somewhere understands.christina2 months ago im in 8th grade and i have been cutting sense 4th. i talked to my family who did NOT support me, in fact they have not helped me at all for that matter. im talking to these ladies but they dont help and personally i hate it. i hate this whole stupid artlce u wrote. n so do my friends who r "not" cutting. (plz) spare me the b.s. not all parents n family help. sometimes there the ones maken u want to do it. so what the hell am i soppused to do now? huh? yeah. thats what i thought. sometimes the people that shud b there arent. so what shud i do? i cant get help n so far i sure as hell dont want it. idk what to say but this b.s. isnt even comin close to mine.lindsey2 months ago this is great my mom dosent unstand why i cut no matter how much i try to talk to her and she just keep making it worse telling me she is going to put me in the hospital or that i am only doing this for atention..im going to show her this then maybe she will understand...thanksLeslie2 months ago I'm a former cutter, I'm 33 years old now and haven't cut in well over 8 years now. The cutting helped me 'forget about the emotional pain" and focuse on the physical pain instead. To me it was a good trade off. I've sence then learned how to deal with emotional pain on my own. Most of it was just a matter of 'being listen too'. SO in saying that ..my 15 year old who never knew of that past has started. I unlike many parents saw the signs right away the first time he did this about a month ago. I talked with him and he and I have a good talking relationship etc.. so he spilled a lot of just regular stress issues at school , football etc.. BUT being an ex cutter I knew this was somghing I needed to watch. Yesterday he did it again. My way of 'teaching him' that there's a better way to 'deal' than to cut is simple. Love, talking and he must feel that he's worth something more. That part of him feeling he's worth more has got to come from him. I'm always telling my children they mean the world to me and I'm proud of them no matter what. But this still happend because HE dosen't know how to 'deal' with his anger etc.. I'll try to keep yall posted.Alyssa2 months ago I've been cutting for a couple months now, and I definitely agree with the people that say to talk to thir kids that cut without getting all mad. My mom read a conversation I had with my best friend about it and asked me if I did it (very angrily), and I said no. She said good, anyone who does is just doing it for attention and is a waste of space. Which is NOT true at ALL. I now know I can't go to my parents, and being so young (13) I don't really have anyone else to turn to except two of my best friends, one of which is worse than me. Because I don't have supporting parents, I cant stop, and the fact that they dont really care makes it that mush worse. So Please, please, be nice about it if and when you approach your kids, it will make a world of a difference.alex5 weeks ago I remember the day when my mum found out I cut myself. The way she found out is she got nosy and read my diary. To all the parents reading this, don't act mad at your child if you find out. That didn't help one bit, it honestly made the cutting worse. I was mad at her for being so nosy and mad that she was mad at me. If you find out about your kid cutting just tell them you know about it. I personally find no harm in cutting, but give them options. Tellthem your always there. Don't force them to go to a specialist person, I hated that. Just ahow love and support. I know the main reason I still cut is because my mum talked about it to me once and threatened to me to go to a mental hospital if I didn't stop. She hasn't ever talked about it to me again. She shows no support. Show your kid support, don't specifically talk about cutting that would make anyone uncomfortable. Just ask how they are doing once in a while, show some love and make it seem like you care.Kailey4 weeks ago I cut myself for years. My parents to this day do not know I used to cut myself. When I started I had few (if any) friends, I was going through that "awkward" stage and of course when that happens you feel so confused, like you don't know who are or, better yet, who you're supposed to be. Suicide crossed my mind by I'd just drive the blade in a bit deeper and it made me feel better but, toward my time of "rock bottom", it did make me feel as good as long. Cuts aren't always made on the wrist, I'd do it on my stomach and thighs, so no one would see. In otherwords, it's not always obvious. So if you're a parent and you notice your child acting different or is becoming distant, please, talk to them. The reason they haven't talked to you is likely because they just don't know how. I didn't and I almost feel like I have this burdensome secret weighing on my heart. Best of luck and lots of love to anyone reading this who is cutting, you can get through it, there are better ways to relieve emotion, you just have to want it and trySubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites94Lela DavidsonFrom Mid America1561 Followers632 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by Lela DavidsonContact Lela DavidsonFollow Lela DavidsonSubscribe to Lela Davidson's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Lela Davidson a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat to do for a teen boy who refuses to do any activities??asked by helenathegreat 19 months ago7 answersAnswer this questionIs your teenager defiant?asked by flygirl56 11 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsTeen Advice For Responsible Parentsby Write On!What every child should know before leaving homeby lafentyThe Dangers of Teen Drinkingby Stacie NaczelnikAttachment Parenting 101by Lela DavidsonHow to Help Your Child Accept the Death of a Petby Lela DavidsonStrict Parents Raise Better Kids- What They Do Differently...by izettl Advice and Tips for Parents of Teens ForumTopicRepliesStarting your own family when you are young yourself.posted by skylerdean6Should your teens trick or treat?posted by Elaineaus12Post a new topicTagsfamily children parenting parents communication child Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.172 sec)  working