WikiLeaks: Secret whaling deal plotted by US and Japan ~ Against Anti-Whaling Activists // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 205Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 71Corporations or politicians hurting America? 11The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 06, 2011| 23 commentsWikiLeaks: Secret whaling deal plotted by US and Japan ~ Against Anti-Whaling Activistssource: http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2011/jan/06/wikileaks-secret-whaling-deal?CMP=twt_guAn error occurred while setting up video display.gerardange added thisAmerican diplomats proposed Japan reduce whaling in exchange for US help cracking down on the anti-whaling activists Sea Shepherd, leaked cables reveal.Japan and the US proposed to investigate and act against international anti-whaling activists from the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society as part of a political deal to reduce whaling in Antarctic waters.Four confidential cables from the US embassy in Tokyo and the state department in Washington, released by WikiLeaks, show US and Japanese diplomats secretly negotiating a compromise agreement ahead of a key meeting last year of the International Whaling Commission, the body that regulates international whaling.The American proposal would have forced Japan to reduce the number of whales that Japan killed each year in the Antarctic whale sanctuary in return for the legal right to hunt other whales off its own coasts. In addition, the US proposed to ratify laws that would "guarantee security in the seas"  a reference to acting against groups such as Sea Shepherd that have tried to physically stop whaling.The US proposal was eventually shot down by Britain and the EU in June 2010, but the cables show that the Sea Shepherd group had become a political embarrassment to Japan after stopping its whaling fleet reaching its annual quota of whale killed for several years.The group, led by Captain Paul Watson, a co-founder of Greenpeace, has a reputation for physically confronting whalers, sealers and illegal fishing boats. Its flotilla of ships, which sport the skull and crossbones flag, monitors illegal fishing in the Galapagos islands and spends months each year following and harassing the Japanese whaling fleet in frequently dangerous clashes.Yesterday two Sea Shepherd ships, the Steve Irwin and the Gojira were involved in cat and mouse skirmishes with two whaling ships. Activists reportedly hurled stink bombs onto the deck as whalers tried to use water cannon.The US cables show how on 2 November 2009, Shuji Yamada, Japan's vice-minister for international affairs, asked lead US negotiator Monica Medina about an investigation of the tax affairs of Sea Shepherd. It is unclear whether the US government had already launched an investigation or which country had proposed it."Yamada inquired about an investigation into the tax status of the US-based NGO Sea Shepherd Conservation Society and repeated Japan's request for the US to take action against the organisation, which he said created a very dangerous situation on the seas," says one cable.The US government dodged this request but the cable continues: "The DCM replied that the US places the highest priority on the safety of vessels and human life at sea, and added that if any violations of US law are discovered, we will take appropriate enforcement action".But the Japanese diplomats then responded, "It would be easier for Japan to make progress in the IWC negotiations if the US were to take action against the Sea Shepherd".One week later, the Japanese pressed the US to take action against Sea Shepherd again, saying that "violent protests by the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society (SSCS) could limit the government of Japan's flexibility in the negotiations".It appears from the diplomatic chatter that the US did look into the NGO's status. In the same cable, Medina is reported as saying that the US government, "can demonstrate the group [Sea Shepherd] does not deserve tax exempt status based on their aggressive and harmful actions".The cables then suggest that the US had itself proposed the tax investigation of Sea Shepherd, saying in the same cable on 9 November 2009: "the Netherlands should have primary responsibly for taking action against the SSCS, but he [the Japanese diplomat] appreciates the US government initiative to address the group's tax exempt status".The US attempt to compromise with Japan failed at the IWC meeting in June after a majority of countries, led by Australia, the European Union, and the Latin American nations rejected it.In a statement made yesterday from the Sea Shepherd flagship, Captain Watson said: "The US government may have very well looked into Sea Shepherd's activities and if they did so, then they obviously did not find any irregularities or unlawful activities because Sea Shepherd was never contacted by any US government official in connection with this matter. For Sea Shepherd, the most important part of this document is the declaration by Japan that Sea Shepherd has been responsible for the whaling fleet not reaching their quotas for the last few years. This completely validates Sea Shepherd's actions as effective."Go To article:http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2011/jan/06/wikileaks-secret-whaling-deal?... groups:News, News and Politics, Green, US Politics, Collective Journalism, Law and Justice, Broadcasting 3 moretags:Environment,Japan,Wikileaks,Ocean,Environmentalism,Whales,Greenpeace,Julian Assange,corrupt government,Whaling,Government Corruption,Japanese Whaling,Sea Shepherd 9 morerecommended by:Vierotchka |23 comments// WikiLeaks: Secret whaling deal plotted by US and Japan ~ Against Anti-Whaling Activistshide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel-1NickerBocker09The US government could've easily said "well stop Sea Shephard for you" but instead they said the Japanese will have to reduce whaling. Frankly I'm glad the US did this. I want whaling to be stopped completely but it cannot be done in one swift action. They were honoring the treaty by looking at reducing whaling.You know what this info being leaked means? It means a loss of trust. Its already being talked about in all levels of government and embassies, countries less willing to say things because they are afraid it will be leaked. Thankyou Assange, you have done a wonderful job at crippling diplomacy. Why on Earth will Japan want to talk to the US about stopping whaling now?People forget that secrecy is important. 2 days agoflag  reply0Tyr  NickerBocker09:i couldn't agree more...but be prepared for an avalanche of negative crap form this site. 1 day agoflag  reply+2GISchmoThis deal that the US embassy wanted to make with Japan, to let them kill a certain amount of whales, is just sick. In my opinion this is another huge mistake of the Obama administration (thankfully the EU and Britain were smart enough to turn down such an awful proposal). While I do not agree with all of the Sea Shephard's actions and philosophies; they are fighting the good fight by trying against impossible odds to stop Japan from MURDERING hundreds of whales every year. 2 days agoflag  reply+2ArchDruidthis week in the famous Tokyo fish market, a Bluefin Tuna sold for about $350,000, bought by a single restaurant for sushi! The Bluefin are endangered. 2 days agoflag  reply+2tverdellI think the Japanese are superior intellectual people.I cannot understand their extreme whaling practice.They are more than intelligent to know that they are killing off one of their favorite food sources.Not to mention the (sympathy for a highly evolved animal) part of the argument. 2 days agoflag  reply-1NickerBocker09  tverdell:The japanese people are superior intellectual people? Yeah thats been demonstrated in history so many times.... 2 days agoflag  reply+1rickyracer  tverdell:Money sometimes is the ultimate ruler know mater how much intellect, sad i think but true. 1 day agoflag  reply+1ArchDruidthe captain of the Ady Gil shown in the post photo admitted in a Japanese court to placing his boat in the path of the whaler causing it to eventually sink. It was his plan all along. He and Sea Shepherd then parted company.The Japanese have a whale meat stockpile of about 6,000 tons so I'm not sure why they would currently need more? 2 days agoflag  reply+1rickyracer  ArchDruid:Your missing the whole point here, uninformed i guess. I seen the episode and they were on a collision course not with the intension of collision with their Million dollar plus boat but to slow down the Japanese whaler. The Ady Gil ran out of fuel and could not move and so the collision. The point here Whaling to distinction, but hey what's the Whales done for you right? just another mammal there's plenty more to go kill? 1 day agoflag  reply-3oppressed1I dont know what the big deal is. They eat whales, we eat cows. They are all animals. We have no right to tell them what they can or cant eat. 2 days agoflag  reply+1NickerBocker09  oppressed1:They also eat cows....The difference is we dont hunt cows to the brink of extinction 2 days agoflag  reply+2FishaHouse777  oppressed1:Even though I love south park and how it satyrically represents our culture and society, if anyone uses a south park episode to support their argument than that person has little to no credibility. 1 day agoflag  reply+1rickyracer  oppressed1:@ oppressed1, A big difference here WoW...whaling world wide shopping with a limited amount of whales for Japanese compared to US eating are own farm raised cows...dude educate yourself. So what your saying is its ok they come kill your cow and eat it because YOU don't want to tell them what they can or cant eat, i get it. 1 day agoflag  reply+3eden49...GO Sea Shepherd/Steve Irwin...keep annoying the crap out of them...research, my arse... 3 days agoflag  reply+4SamuraiDave"The American proposal would have forced Japan to reduce the number of whales that Japan killed each year in the Antarctic whale sanctuary in return for the legal right to hunt other whales off its own coasts."This is sensible as it IS their own coast. Keep them out of the Antarctic all together then Sea Shepherd can't do anything without trespassing. Of course I wonder if the whale population on their coasts will be able to support the [koff!] "scientific research"  they are so diligently pursuing every year. 3 days agoflag  reply-1oppressed1  SamuraiDave:good point. 2 days agoflag  reply-1FishaHouse777Depending on how much whaling would be reduced and how much whaling would be allowed off japans native coast, I think this compromise is a great idea... Sea Sheperd wants reduced whaling, so they should of agreed to it as well, am I wrong? 3 days agoflag  reply0rickyracer  FishaHouse777:not reduce END it. Maybe when there are no more whales left you can show your kids pics of what Whales really looked like on Google Images...smoke another bowl. 1 day agoflag  reply+1FishaHouse777  rickyracer:I don't smoke weed....and also only in America are their people like you who believe tey have a right to tell other countries and cultures how to live. Japans economy and culture is closely tied to whale hunting, but mass whale hunting will lead to extinction so we must limit them greatly. 7 hours agoflag  reply-1AJILIVIZIONAnother great example that the US government is being used to secure profits and not the welfare of its citizens or any ecosystem. I would love to hear how any "conservative" supports this type of behavior. 3 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durrwell sheeeeeit.. some people are never happy.. hey will you reduce whaling if we get these pests to back off? sure! then waaaaah waaaah go the activistsi thought reducing whaling was like a good thing to them 3 days agoflag  reply0remannsPandering pandering pandering . . . 3 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick Latest News Wyatt Earp SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Latest Updates Five People Injured In SUV Rollover most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10Imran Khan: Pakistan is 'going down' more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  8 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  16 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  18 minutes agoI will defend anyone's right to free speech.   I merely hope those doing the speaking understand the consequences of their words.  Speak from the heart but think with your conscience. Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  1 hour agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the... mcjk commented on AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event...  1 hour agoWhat kind of news article does it take for people to have a mature, rational discussion here on Current?  Seriously, multiple people died, and more injured- and most of the comments I am reading...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog