Brian Miller Vs. Jesse Kelly Vs. Jonathan Paton : Military RecordsHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesUnited States PoliticsBrian Miller Vs. Jesse Kelly Vs. Jonathan Paton : Military RecordsBrian Miller Vs. Jesse Kelly Vs. Jonathan Paton : Military Records70rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Ghost32Under The RockALERT!! BRIAN MILLER SUSPENDS CAMPAIGN!! DETAILS HERE!!It shouldn't have become an issue. Brian Miller, Jesse Kelly, and Jonathan Paton have all served in our country's armed forces. Service is service; it doesn't matter whether you're a high flying A10 Warthog jet jockey (Miller), a first-in, last-out Marine (Kelly) or a plain-vanilla soldier in the U.S. Army (Paton). We the People know we need them all, we thank them for their service, and that should be that.Yeah. It should be. But this is not turning out to be Jesse Kelly's year. Having not one but two of his operatives caught red handed with stolen Miller and Paton signs was enough to scuttle his run for the Republican nomination in CD8 all by itself, even without the stunning discovery.What discovery?On, nothing much. Just that one of the sign thieves, a female, was packing a forged document claiming she was a Sign Code Enforcement Officer. Did this Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight not know that under 13-2411, paragraph C, of the Criminal Code set in place by the Arizona State Legislature, and I quote:C. Impersonating a peace officer is a class 6 felony, except that impersonating a peace officer during the commission of any of the following felonies is a class 4 felony:1. Negligent homicide.If you're the lady facing charges, taking the fall for Jesse, you're hearing this from your lawyer and thinking,"Well, at least I didn't kill anybody, and they're telling me the amount of hard time is less for class six than class 4..."And then the other shoe falls, at #15 of 25 possible crimes which can move that "little" class 6 problem into the crushing class 4. Here you are, sailing along, thinking you may not even be going down for long enough to wear out your first set of orange pants when you hear it:"...Number 15. Theft."Once that little tidbit sinks in, permeates your shell-shocked brain cells...that's when you begin screaming. Jesse Kelly is, of course, a standup dude, a true warrior. We know that because he says so, loudly and repeatedly. He'll come forward, tell the District Attorney you were acting on his orders. No. Of course he won't. Why would he do that? You're going down anyway; King Kelly doesn't need to go down with you. Now does he?No, brave lady, you're very much on your own, free to realize that you never should have carried that forged document. If you were going to swipe campaign signs, you should have left home without it and--to paraphrase Obama's reference to the leaking oil well in the Gulf a while back--just stolen the damned signs! ...should have just stolen the damned signs.Meantime, Back At The Campaign....Okay, okay. I did say this page had to do with military records. So I got distracted by America's Dumbest Wannabe Politicians getting their most loyal henchmen and, uh, henchgirls sent up the river one midnight bust at a time. So sue me.Wait. Don't do that! Last time I did get sued, it was for half a million bucks and cost me nearly $1500 to defend. (The plaintiff was an idiot. Could have worked for Kelly!)Here's the deal: Obviously not understanding real ethics as would a Ronald Reagan or a Sarah Palin, Jesse Kelly's true colors--and muddy colors they be indeed--are coming home to roost with a vengeance.How's that for a mixed metaphor?And how's this for sabotaging your own campaign which, truth be told, you were never qualified to undertake in the first place? See, both Brian Miller and Jonathan Paton have turned copies of their military records over to the Pima County GOP. Kelly? Nope. He did release his DD214--which only shows that he received an honorable discharge. But when it came to releasing hisperformance evaluation forms (for a Marine, no doubt the enlisted versions ofFitRep forms), he actually refused to release them.Shades of Obama's Kenyan birth certificate, Batman! The only conclusion any informed voter could possibly draw from this stonewalling by the big-talking ex-Marine is that he must have really been a jagoff while in service. And since that's pretty much the entire basis of his campaign--i.e. his swearing up, down, and sideways that he's the most Wonderful Warrior in the entire West--he just sank his own chances of receiving the Republican nomination on August 24 like a limpet mine holing a ship below the water line. Again.There you have the K.K.K.: Kelly's Kampaign Killers, highly likely to receive a whole lot of coverage well before the primary election. As Sarah Palin has made clear, two weeks is an eternity in a campaign...and there are still (as of this writing) two weeks and five days to go. The key question you-the-voter will be facing in the polling booth? Simply this: Do you choose to mark your ballot for "Clumsy and Crooked" Kelly...beady-eyed Payday Paton...or the one man, Brian Miller, who can actually defeat Gabrielle Giffords in November and will actually represent us in Washington? Brian Miller 2010. The one man who can defeat Gabrielle Giffords.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (3)Funny Awesome Beautiful  Brian Miller Vs Gabrielle Giffords: Brian Miller Vs. Jesse Kelly Vs. Jonathan Paton : Miller Suspends Campaign Brian Miller Vs Gabrielle Giffords: Brian Miller Vs. Jesse Kelly Vs. Jonathan Paton : Midnight RequisitionsCommentsDonald Duck5 months ago A question, if I may. (Or maybe two or three)  What were the names of the people removing signs?  How do you know they worked for the Kelly campaign?  How do you know Kelly ordered any of it?  While your conspiracy theory is all well and good, it seems to be lacking something very vital when serious accusations and name calling is being made and that something is called PROOF.  Where is it?  Not conjecture, not what you think happened.  Where is the damning, irrefutable proof of what you speak?  There isn't any, is there?  Why would you support a candidate ( a new one, by the way, you used to support Goss didn't you?  I seem to have read a blog about that guy, too) who speaks of fiscal responsibility but is $18,000 in debt?  Who favors what he calls "market based" immigration?  Who blames the United States and its immigration policy as the reason for illegal aliens?  If you could clear up those inconsistencies, I'd appreciate it.Ghost325 months ago Donald Duck, some (though not all) of your questions are valid.  But I'll answer them as I can:1.  The names of the people removing the signs:  I don't have those at this time.  I have checked with people in the mainstream media (both newspaper and TV) who are looking into obtaining copies of the police reports.  I expect to see one or more investigatve reports broadcast and/or printed by these outlets in due course; perhaps we'll get those names at that point--and yes, that would be helpful.2.  How do I know they worked for the Kelly campaign?  If by that you mean, has Jesse Kelly himself been indicted for their actions, I doubt it.  But when you have a vigorous campaign with three candidates running strongly, and ONLY three, and the stolen signs come from TWO OF THOSE THREE, it would be naive indeed not to figure out that the ONE candidate whose signs were NOT removed is looking almighty good as the culprit.The only other possible way to see that would be to posit a collusion/conspiracy between the Miller and Paton campaigns to smear the Kelly campaign...which seems unlikely on a couple of counts.  For one thing, it's hard to imagine that sort of inter-campaign cooperation at a time like this.  For another, I can see a devoted supporter of a candidate risking all to help his or her potential Nominee...much more easily than I can see someone risking everything to simply smear an enemy and the operative's own good name at the same time.3.  How do I know Kelly ordered any of it?  I don't.  I do strongly suspect he KNEW about it, quite simply because--as I've written--it doesn't seem credible that MULTIPLE operatives would be out there removing signs, all at the same time, without orders from the top.Isn't it possible that a few "foot soldiers" got together and decided to do this without telling the boss?  Sure.  It's possible.  I just don't believe it's all that likely, any more than it's likely Obama knew absolutely nothing about the Blagovich mess.4.  You refer to my need for proof.  Firstly, my articles are opinion pieces, not court trials.  "Proof" is not required at the opinion stage.  And here's where your questions begin to stray from the realistic.  You say, "There isn't any (proof), is there?"  As far as I know at this date, there is absolute proof in the form of police reports, copies of which can be obtained if proper process is followed.As for following that process, I am at this point allowing media investigators to do that--i.e. to obtain those reports, talk to the arresting officers, perhaps talk to volunteers and campaign officials for both the Miller and Paton campaigns.  Two of my contacts in the media (thus far) have assured me they're on it.  If they have completed their inquiries and published/broadcast their findings in a reasonable amount of time, I will publish a report of their conclusions--hopefully complete with the names of the perpetrators who were arrested.If you are as deeply concerned as you seem to be, however, there is no reason you couldn't talk to the mainstream media on your own as well.  Tell them your belief that there were indeed no arrests, your belief that this is a smear campaign based on false premises, and ask them to check with the Tucson PD and Green Valley PD to prove there WEREN'T any such arrests on the night in question.For easy reference:  They would only need to check for last Monday night, though whether before midnight (August 2) or after midnight (August 3) I do not yet know.  For the simple sake of safety and completion, you might even ask them to confirm that "clean slate" status for a day or two on either side of that, naturally.5.  Yes, I did initially support Andy Goss for Congress.  His platform included some planks I really liked, including his promise to publish every bill online for his constituents to read prior to his voting on it. But as you well know, Andy dropped out of the race BEFORE I decided my support needed to go to Brian Miller.6.  You seem to be saying that if a candidate incurs any campaign debt whatsoever, it's hypocritical for that candidate to talk about fiscal responsibility.  That doesn't make a lot of sense, as follows:A.  Mike Huckabee still has unpaid debt remaining from his last Presidential run (as he's stated openly, recently, and publicly), but I've yet to hear anyone make the claim that he is therefore disqualified to discuss fiscal responsibility.B.  I didn't know Brian's current debt was $18,000, since the last time I checked it was $15,000.  Even so, it's not debt per se that marks a person as irresponsible.  It's incurring debt that he knows he will never be able to repay, like we see Obama doing to our nation as a whole.  Both Brian and his wife are highly qualified wage earners, so I don't see supposed concern over a reasonable debt figure as being anything other than hypocritical hyperbole from an opponent who is having great trouble hitting a hard target.C.  You speak of "market based" immigration with apparent scorn.  Had you closely studied the ENTIRE immigration program Brian backs, however, respectful admiration and approval rather than scorn would be your only realistic options.  I won't go into details here, but there are wider discussions of this issue on Brian's website and also in my hub titled "Brian Miller On Border Issues".Except...one "question" does require a direct response.  You write, "...blames the United States and its immigration policy as the reason for illegal aliens?"Which is a twisted spin worthy of Gabrielle Giffords herself.  Brian does not "blame the United States"--he gets a LOT more specific than that.  Precisely, he blames LBJ and LBJ's obligation to the big labor unions.  The unions pressured Lyndon Baines Johnson to cancel the guest worker "bracero" program put in place by Eisenhower, and the downhill slide was begun.Now, Donald Duck, this may end up being the one and only comment of yours I'll approve.  It seemed best to respond point by point this one time, but my pages are--as I said--opinion pieces.  They are not designed as public debate forums.As a citizen of these United States, of course, you are absolutely free to write your own blog, expose', diatribe, thesis, or whatever you like--and publish it for consideration, just as I have.A final thought, inspired by your online user name:  If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, MOST people are going to suspect it may well be a duck.  It's also extremely intriguing to this writer that you, Mr. Duck, chose to talk about the sign theft arrests...on a page discussing NOT those but rather having to do with military records...which you did NOT address at all.Attempt at misdirection, perhaps?Brian Miller 2010.Just Another Az PC5 months ago DD 1014, the form doesn't exist according to the DoD Forms web site, but I'll assume you mean DD 214 with is the official discharge form.OPR, as you indicate means Officer Performance Report. Maybe you are not aware of it, but Kelly was an enlisted man so he wouldn't have received an "Officer" evaluation report. A different form is used for enlisted personnel.This is why I never vote early. However, I look forward to PROOF to prove this is not just a desperate attempt by a desperate candidate.Donald Duck5 months ago I appreciate you taking the time to answer. You're absolutely right about the military records, oversight on my part, sorry about that.  Personally, they all served and I know they served in a combat zone and that is enough for me.  I understand this is an opinion piece, but I understand these gentlemen agreed to support the winner and I just hate to see Reagan's 11th Commandment broken by them or supporters.  I'd prefer civility but people are people and do what they do.  But, do you think to be fair, it is possible that Kelly signs are being stolen as well?  I mean, it stands to reason it would happen to all of them, not just two of them, would you agree?Ghost325 months ago Donald, it DOES stand to reason it would, or at least COULD, happen to all of them.  It's even possible someone will yet be caught redhanded with a batch of Kelly signs they've removed.  Certainly it's not just this CD8 campaign.  I was on foot in Sierra Vista for most of the day yesterday, having my car worked on, and wandered up and down Fry for quite some distance.And one very large sign for Alexandra somebody--need to consult our official guide to figure out who that is, I blush to admit--had on the white backing the following script written with black marker:"Thou shalt not steal.  It is against Arizona law to remove, alter, or deface this sign."Don't know how effective that labor-intensive effort might be, writing on each and every sign by hand, but it certainly underscores the size of the problem.I also don't know a lot about the larger communities as such.  In Sierra Vista, where I go to run errands at least twice a week, Kelly's big, beautiful blue signs--and they are all of that--are pretty much everywhere.  But that doesn't mean some of them aren't copped now and then (though they're big enough to possibly scare the "average" thief; it could just indicate he's got plenty of volunteers who put them up faster than they can disappear.I also dislike seeing Reagan's 11th Commandment broken.Thanks for commenting.Ghost325 months ago Just Another AzPc, appreciate the input.  You're undoubtedly correct--I know my discharge form is definitely a DD214.  The sources I quoted from did list it as DD1014, so I need to go back to those, have the authors clarify that, and then edit my hub accordingly.You also bring up a good point about Kelly's having been an enlisted man, not an officer.  Since I was enlisted myself (via the miltary draft) I do know that no OPR (Officer Performance) forms were ever provided to me when I mustered out.  I'll check that out, too.By the way, that's also the reason I never vote early.  I did once, in the 1968 Presidential election, and have regretted it ever since.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites97Ghost32From Hereford, Arizona731 Followers574 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Ghost32Contact Ghost32Follow Ghost32Subscribe to Ghost32's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Ghost32 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat are the requirements to be a Law enforcement officer in New York?asked by whatismypoint 6 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionKarma -- If I'm suffering now, does it mean I did or thought of something really bad in my past?asked by Nera Woods 14 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsBrian Miller Vs. Jesse Kelly Vs. Jonathan Paton  :  Body...by Ghost32Tea Party Border Rally :  Part One.by Ghost32Brian Miller Vs. Jesse Kelly Vs. Jonathan Paton : Midnight...by Ghost32The Arizona War Duckby Ghost32Brian  Miller Vs. Jesse Kelly Vs. Jonathan Paton : People...by Ghost32The new Civil War taking place in Americaby tony0724 United States Politics ForumTopicRepliesRumor: Michele Bachmann considering White House bid posted by I am DB Cooper103"Sources: JOHN EDWARDS' engagement rumors false": MSNBCposted by fishskinfreak20080Sen. McCain Needs to Retire. What Do You Think?posted by Paul Wingert20Post a new topic450 more topics Tagssarah palin kelly miller military records republican nomination a10 warthog Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.139 sec)  working