The Mirror Ball: Dancing with the Stars - powered by FeedBurner&The Mirror Ball: Dancing with the Starssyndicated content powered by FeedBurner...Reset this favorite; show all Subscribe optionsSubscribe Now!...with web-based news readers. Click your choice below:...with other readers:(Choose Your Reader)FeedDemonNetNewsWireNewsFireNewsGator Outlook EditionRSSOwlShrookUniversal Subscription Mechanism (USM) View Feed XMLFeedBurner makes it easy to receive content updates in My Yahoo!, Newsgator, Bloglines, and other news readers.Learn more about syndication and FeedBurner...A message from this feed's publisher: Current Feed ContentJennifer Grey & Derek Hough Win 'Dancing with the Stars'!Posted: 2010-11-23 23:38:08 UTC-05:00Jennifer Grey and Derek Hough are the new champions of "Dancing with the Stars"! They hoisted the Mirror Ball Trophy tonight in front of millions of viewers.Kyle & Lacey came in 2nd place, and Bristol & Mark came in 3rd. It was a highly controversial final three, but in the end, it proved that talent beat out popularity.Now that we know who landed where in the finals, lets recap the night and talk about how they ended up where they did in the results.First off, the show began with the other stars of Season 11 coming out and dancing for the audience. Notably absent were Audrina Patridge who was sick and Michael Bolton who is on tour. You think he could have penciled this in! Oh well, I personally was disappointed that Audrina wasnt there because she was such a graceful dancer to watch!Jennifer suffered yet another health scare just before the finale tonight. She apparently had a ruptured disk but decided to dance through the pain. I hope after tonights big win she takes some time to recuperate and lets her body rest for a bit!The big performer of the night was Christina Aguilera! She did great! She performed a number from her new movie with Cher, Burlesque. I thought this performance (and the outfits) was much better than what she did at the American Music Awards.Next, the finalists got to choose a dance to perform again for the judges. The judges could assign an 8, 9, or 10 to the contestants for their performance to get figured into their final score which would be added to the publics score. Kyle and Lacey chose to dance their Tango again. They performed it last time during Rock n Roll week. They pyrotechnics were going off and it was a high energy spectacular! I thought Kyle and Lacey really brought it to this dance. Len loved the energy, Bruno said that he was an animal with a great attitude, and Carrie Ann said that she loved the freshness they always bring to their dances.Their Scores: Carrie Ann  9, Len  8, and Bruno  9, for a total of 26 out of 30. I have to say that I was a little surprised that Len gave this an 8!Bristol and Mark also chose to do a Rock n Roll week Tango. They did fantastic. They had a great flow and ease to their dance. Bruno noted that this was the dance that helped her earn a place in the finals. Carrie Ann said that it was her favorite dance and that she had great core strength. Len said that Kyle has the wow and she has the how because she is so precise.Their Scores: Carrie Ann  8, Len  9, and Bruno  8, for a total of 25 out of 30.Jennifer and Derek decided to go back to their very first week and do their Viennese Waltz. If Im being honest, I think I preferred their dance on week 1! This one had some tiny missteps and didnt illustrate the raw emotion like it did in the first week. Nevertheless, there is no denying that they did a beautiful job! All of the judges completely loved it!Their Scores: Carrie Ann  10, Len  10, and Bruno  10, for a total of 30 out of 30. Another perfect score!Then it was revealed that the instant dance for the three contestants would be to Pinks Raise Your Glass. Thats a fun song that the contestants can really shake it to!Following that dance set, there were some fun segments. My favorite was with David Hasselhoff where he did a Baywatch segment and talked about his disappointment of being voted off the very first week. He ran side by side with a very hot lifeguard with his older body and then came out on stage! He was with a few lady lifeguards and sang AND danced! It was actually really fun! It makes me wish he would have lasted a few more weeks, it would have been entertaining.Margaret Cho and Florence Henderson also came out and danced to Copacabana. Margaret wore her famous rainbow outfit while Florence came out dressed like Chiquita Banana. It was cute!Then, it was the battle of the pro athletes. Rick Fox and Kurt Warner faced off on the dance floor and even did a little man dancing with each other! These performances really reminded the viewers of what a fantastic season this was!Fans of The Situation were not disappointed. He finally came out and danced shirtless to show off his famous abs for the first time on the show. They had planned on saving that, but he got eliminated from the program before he ever had a chance!Brandy and Maks came out and performed a dance, but it was not a Freestyle. I know that many of you out there, along with me, were very disappointed that we didnt get to see their freestyle. They danced to Ill Be There for You from TV Theme Week. It was pretty much the same as it was before.Christina Aguilera came back out and sang Beautiful. It really was beautiful. There was a group of performers doing sign language to the song and it was just amazing.Finally, it was time for more dancing! All of the remaining couples came out and danced their instant Cha Cha Cha. Kyle and Lacey went first and they did great! I thought that it was lacking a little of their famous charisma though.Jennifer and Derek went next and they kept things fun and fast!Bristol and Mark went last and I have to say, I thought this was their best dance yet. Bristol really let loose and smiled the whole time. You could FINALLY see her personality shine through.Kyle and Lacey earned a 9, 9, and 10 from the judges for a total of 28 out of 30Jennifer and Derek earned a 9, 9, and 10 for a 28 out of 30.Bristol and Mark earned a 9, 9, and 9 for a total of 27 out of 30. I was a little let down with this because while I figured they wouldnt win, it would have been nice for them to get a 10 here.In the end Jennifer and Derek were victorious! Kyle and Bristol were both very gracious with their elimination and you can tell that the whole group is great friends. If you are going to miss Dancing come join me over on the Skating with the Stars blog!Eyewitness News' Sandy Kenyon spoke to the stars LIVE after their big win, and the 2nd place duo, Kyle and Lacey, jump into the interview towards the end! It's a fantastic job by Sandy!You can read more about Sandy's experiences at the "Dancing with the Stars" finale on his blog, "WHAT SANDY SAYS".Chat Live During 'DWTS' Finale, Plus Backstage Interviews!Posted: 2010-11-23 16:39:37 UTC-05:00Take part in our live chat above! It begins at 9 p.m. and continues until the end of the show.Here is something else exciting...Eyewitness News' Entertainment Reporter Sandy Kenyon is live at the finale! He was backstage last night and got some wonderful interviews with each of the remaining couples!First, we have Kyle and Lacey.Bristol and Mark talk about the controversy swirling around their spot in the finals.Jennifer and Derek talk about her big comeback!You can read more about Sandy Kenyon's experiences backstage on his blog WHAT SANDY SAYS.Don't forget the big finale begins tonight at 9 p.m. on ABC7!Who Should Win 'Dancing with the Stars'?Posted: 2010-11-23 15:01:21 UTC-05:00After watching the finale performances on "Dancing with the Stars", who should win the Mirror Ball Trophy? Jennifer & Derek got a perfect score for the night, while Kyle & Lacey followed closely behind, and Bristol & Mark finished with the lowest scores. Please click comment below to share your thoughts. Your comments may appear on Eyewitness News!Also, CLICK HERE to vote in our poll!What a night on Dancing with the Stars! It was so great to see the stars at their best, and theres still more competition to go Tuesday night. Tonight, the couples danced a redemption dance where they could perform a style of dance that they did the worst at during the season and try to do it better. Later, they performed the highly anticipated freestyle dances.First up, it was Kyle and Lacey with their Fox Trot. I have to say, I really liked theirs the first time around! If you think back, it was during TV Theme week when they danced to the theme song from Charlies Angels. They discoed their way through it, and the judges didnt really like it the first time around (even though I loved it!). This time, they had some great side by side work, but there were tiny bits of the dance that seemed a little sloppy to me. The energy was fantastic and no matter what they are doing, Kyle and Lacey are just so fun to watch! Len said that he went from messy Massey to marvelous! Bruce said he loved how Kyle looked all sharp and blinky (lots of sequins ha-ha). Carrie Ann said that she thought they werent outward enough with the fun like they were in the past. Her comment really surprised me! I thought they were great. She said that she was looking forward to their freestyle because she knew they could do better.Their Scores: Carrie Ann  9, Len  9, and Bruno  9, for a total of 27 out of 30.Bristol and Marks redemption dance was to the Jive. You remember this one, its when they came out in gorilla suits last time. This was much, much better. She had great charisma and they seemed to have a good time on the dance floor. Bruno said that he was glad he was able to get something out of her. Earlier that week, Bruno had worked with Bristol on her acting ability. Obviously some of it worked! Carrie Ann said that they were bright and vibrant, but noted that Bristol needed to point her toes more. Len said that they went from gorilla to thriller! He said they had made a vast improvement.Their Scores: Carrie Ann  9, Len  9, and Bruno  9, for a total of 27 out of 30. Wow, how incredible is this?! They tied Kyle and Lacey. Honestly, I think they probably should have gotten 8s from the judges. I thought Kyle and Lacey were much better, but thats just me.Rounding out the redemption round, it was time for Jennifer and Derek. They were performing their Paso Doble again. Do you remember last time when they had a few little baby mistakes and were a little too fast and furious with it? This time, things were different. They were very seductive and elegant. It was downright steamy. Carrie Ann said this dance showed the meaning of redemption! Len said, I rarely do this, and then he stood up and gave them a standing ovation! From Len, that is huge! Bruno said it was sultry and gritty, and he didnt want it to end.Their Scores: Carrie Ann  10, Len  10, and Bruno  10, for a perfect 30 out of 30. Bruno even said that he wished he had an 11!Finally, its time for what weve all been waiting forThe Freestyle! Kyle and Lacey kicked it off and it did not disappoint! They danced to Tootsie Roll from back in the 90s! Love that old school hip-hop dancing! Len said that he loved it even though hes not really into that kind of dancing. Bruno said it was truly explosive. Carrie Ann dubbed him the Fresh Prince! Too funny!Their Scores: Carrie Ann  10, Len  9, and Bruno  10, for a total of 29 out of 30 and a combined score of 56 out of 60! Not bad!Bristol and Mark were up next with their Freestyle. They danced to He had it Coming from the Broadway musical Chicago. I really, really liked this dance! They did an amazing job twirling each other around with a really long red scarf. Bruno said that it was good but that she didnt act it out believably like the part requires. Carrie Ann said that she couldnt believe that Bristol danced in a cage! Len said that when you copy a routine from a show it can be hard to keep from comparing it to the original, but that he would look at it like just a performance and he thought it was fantastic.Their Scores: Carrie Ann  8, Len  9, and Bruno  8, for a total of 25 out of 30 and a combined score of 54 out of 60. They had the lowest score of the night. Honestly, I thought this score was a bit low for this dance. I liked this one better than their first!Jennifer and Derek finished the show with Do You Love Me from Dirty Dancing. She began the dance holding a watermelon and I loved that! If you are a Dirty Dancing fan, youll remember that Jennifer first encounters all of the dirty dancers when she is carrying a watermelon in with Johnnys cousin. Classic! She said she didnt dance to I had the Time of My Life because it was her dance with Patrick Swayze. They had some amazing spins through the routine and it was truly spectacular to watch. Len said they were an irresistible force. Bruno said that they had two great dances at opposite ends of the spectrum. Carrie Ann said that she loved it too!Their Scores  Carrie Ann  10, Len  10, and Bruno  10, for a total of 30 out of 30 and a combined score of 60 out of 60! I think its clear who the judges see as the front runner!Heres my take on tonight: I think Jennifer Grey deserves to win. Her dances were nearly flawless and she was consistently good. Kyle was great too, but he just wasnt up to her level. Bristol showed the most growth in my opinion throughout the show, but as the lowest scorer, that knocks her out of the running for the Mirror Ball Trophy in my mind. Overall, I wouldnt be disappointed with any of these couples winning! Theyve all done an amazing job and deserve to win for different reasons. Its up to you out there so dont forget to vote!Chat Tonight During 'Dancing with the Stars'Posted: 2010-11-22 15:20:30 UTC-05:00Come chat tonight during "Dancing with the Stars"! We'll chat during the whole show and then afterwards, you can post your comments on who you think deserves to win!Dancing with the Stars'Dancing with the Stars' Finale Performances PreviewPosted: 2010-11-22 17:27:29 UTC-05:00The big "Dancing with the Stars" finale is upon us, and the three remaining couples are preparing to battle it out in a war for the coveted Mirror Ball trophy.Jennifer Grey & Derek Hough, Kyle Massey & Lacey Schwimmer, and Bristol Palin & Mark Ballas are the threeremaining couplesin the competition, and that is stirring up controversy like never before!Let's have some fun! We'll do a vote now, and then we'll do another one after Monday night's performances to see if there is any change.Online Surveys&Market ResearchEach of the couples will compete in two dances. In an effort to show their improvement over the course of the season, all three couples will dance for redemption by re-choreographing and doing a previously performed dance chosen by the judges with new music for a better score. Each couple will also perform the unpredictable and always entertaining no rules Freestyle dance.In the two-hour Season Finale on Tuesday, the thrill of the competition will continue as the three finalists perform their personal favorite ballroom dance of the season and will be ranked by the judges. In the final element of the competition on Tuesday, each of the couples will do an "Instant Dance" -- in which they will have to master the Cha Cha Cha to music they've been given for the first time after the show's broadcast has begun.It should be interesting to say the least! I bet all three couples will have practiced more than ever and will be at the top of their game.Also on Tuesday, Christina Aguilera will be on the show to perform two of her songs!Check out this piece by Eyewitness News reporter Kemberly Richarson on all of the details behind the online voting on "Dancing with the Stars".Don't forget, Monday night's competition begins at 8 p.m. on ABC7 and Tuesday night's results show begins at 9 p.m. but goes for two hours until 11 p.m.Be sure to check back, we will have a live chat and interaction posted here during the live competition on Monday and during the results on Tuesday so that you can weigh in and share your thoughts!White Powder Mailed to 'DWTS' Production OfficePosted: 2010-11-20 16:19:40 UTC-05:00It was a scary situation for staffers at the "Dancing with the Stars" production office on Friday, when an envelope arrived with white powder inside. Fortunately, ABC confirmed that the substance was just ordinary talcum powder.Several law enforcement authorities arrived at the scene like the LAPD, and the FBI. Once it was determined it was safe, it was back to business ahead of the big finale on Monday and Tuesday.Jennifer Grey, Kyle Massey, and controversial contestant, Bristol Palin, will face off for the Mirror Ball trophy beginning at 8 p.m. on Monday!To read the complete article about the big scare at the production studio: CLICK HERE.Bristol Palin in picturesPosted: 2010-11-19 11:46:58 UTC-05:00Check out photos from 20-year-old Bristol Palin from the campaign trail with mom to her improbable run to next week's Dancing finals. Click here to see the pictures!Is The Tea Party Playing a Role in Bristol's Success on 'Dancing with the Stars'?Posted: 2010-11-17 18:36:20 UTC-05:00Eyewitness Newsreporter Stacey Sager tackled this topic inthe 6pm News tonight!What do you think?Is she still in fair and square? What are your predictions for next week? I really don't think that Bristol will move on after next week. I think we are looking at a Jennifer/Kyle finale.The anticipation is killing me!Brandy Keeps it Classy on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' After 'DWTS' EliminationPosted: 2010-11-17 11:56:12 UTC-05:00Despite being completely shocked and not very happy about her elimination on "Dancing with the Stars", Brandy managed to bite her tongue and not stay anything nasty about Bristol or her partner Maks.Do you think Jimmy was right? Did people not vote because they thought she would automatically advance? She did get a perfect score for their SECOND dance of the night, but for the FIRST dance, their score TIED Bristol and Marks!Obviously Bristol has improved, but it's clear that there is a fan base supporting her and making up for what she may lack on the dance floor.Also do you think Brandy and Maks really will be friends forever? I kind of wish we could have heard her voice how she REALLY felt, but I have to give her credit for keeping it classy.I'll share more video clips later of the wonderful performances by Annie Lennox and Enrique Iglesias!Is Bristol Palin benefiting from her mom's popularity?Posted: 2010-11-17 16:07:31 UTC-05:00Bristol Palin has advanced to the final round of Dancing With The Stars when many critics thought she'd be gone by now. What do you think? Is Sarah Palin's popularity helping Bristol Palin? Click here to vote in our Question of the Day. You can also voice your opinion by clicking on comment below.FeedBurner delivers the world's subscriptions wherever they need to go. Publish a feed for text or podcasting? You should try FeedBurner today.