Halloween and a Black Cat Story for the Entire YearHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPets and AnimalsCats and Cat BreedsHalloween and a Black Cat Story for the Entire YearHalloween and a Black Cat Story for the Entire Year70rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Peggy WThis is a true story...  For some reason, Halloween and witches and black cats have always been closely associated with one another. Most of it has no factual basis but old tales that have continued to have been handed down through the centuries perpetuate that notion.  I'll address the black cat story in a little while...  When I was growing up in the countryside of Wisconsin, it was a fairly unpopulated area and we did not have that many nearby neighbors for most of the years that we kids lived there. When my grandfather started selling some lots and homes started being built in what used to be a vacant field, we gradually had a few more houses to call upon when Halloween rolled around each year. In those days, at least in the country, people did not spend much on ornate costumes. But I would venture to say that we had as much or possibly even more fun in getting dressed for that night of trick or treating.   See all 13 photosTells many of the tales related to Halloween...Halloween - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaTrick or treatWe did not go to a store in those days and pick out a costume to wear. Instead old sheets or cloths would be re-worked to make up a crazy looking outfit and a major part of the transformation would be what was done to our faces.Coal might have been used to blacken parts of our faces or other types of make-up applied to make us look appropriately different depending upon what or who we were trying to emulate.The face painting was much more important than the costumes, because in most cases in central Wisconsin the Fall weather would have mandated being bundled up for the evening due to the coolness of the night air. I am certain that my mother who was the primary decorator of our faces had as much fun as we did in getting them adorned with shades of her lipstick and rouge or whatever else she might have utilized.At the end of the night we were always prepared for a good face scrubbing!We had very few houses to go to for the trick or treating and the meaning back then...at least where we lived...was different from today.We kids had to perform a trick in order to get a treat! What that meant is that we would have to sing a little song or recite a little poem or do some slight of hand...something!... before we would be rewarded with the treats.And of course the treats were different back then. Homemade cookies or popcorn balls or candied apples were given as treats. Since my parents knew the handful of people where we would go on Halloween...there was no danger of anything amiss with the homemade goodies given out to us.While we may not have been rich in the sense of mountains of sweets collected...I truly think that our experience of growing up in the country and feeling safe and secure and also having fun as a family on Halloween was worth much more. I wouldn't trade it for anything! The faces my mother had with which to work her "magic" on Halloween... Left to right...me, my mother, and my two brothers...Johnny and Jimmy (as they were then called).Decorating pumpkinsPumpkin Decorating Kit in Wooden BoxAmazon Price: $13.49List Price: $19.99Decorating with Pumpkins and GourdsAmazon Price: $4.67List Price: $15.95Pumpkin decorating...That always fell to my Dad and he was a pumpkin carving expert! The project was always done at the kitchen table and it was quite the production. After carving the top of the pumpkin and lifting the "hat" off, the insides were scooped out. Then my Dad would draw the design on the pumpkin and with sharp knife in hand he would begin the carving of the face.Most of our pumpkins were happy characters with at least three to five teeth or more showing.We kids would sit in rapt attention as the surgery was being completed offering suggestions as to how many teeth the pumpkin should have that particular year.It was a fun family time. Once the deed was accomplished, a candle would be put inside and tested. We couldn't wait for it to get dark enough outside for our pumpkin to be lit and put on the front porch. It was admired every year as the finest piece of artistry.  Mama KittyFast forward...  Now comes the story of our black cat and Halloween.  Unfortunately for the cat that showed up delivering five kittens in our shrubbery in the front yard many years ago, she was black. Also judging from what the vet guessed as her age, she was a kitten or very young during the time of Halloween. All we knew at the time was that she seemed very small...seemed to be wild...and had these five kittens to feed. We noticed that she only had one eye. Once we discovered her, we decided to help. We started calling her Mama Kitty...and the name stuck.  One of Mama Kitty's kittens...the first to be placed.We found homes for her kittens... Mama Kitty continually threatened us with charges and hissing as we tried to help feed her and her kittens, but we persisted.I spent time out in the yard talking to her and slowly one of her kittens would respond to my voice and come to me to be cuddled and petted. A few of the others would occasionally be able to be touched and petted, but this one black kitten eventually would rush out of the shrubbery at the sound of my voice every time she heard it.She was the first to be placed in a home with people that I knew and who promised  to have her spayed. I shed a few tears when that kitten that placed such trust in me had to be given away. Eventually we found homes for all of Mama Kitty's kittens and then we borrowed acage from the local SPCA and had her trapped. Poor thing! She must have been so frightened!  Black Cats and Halloween: A History of Bad Luck and How to Keep Them Safe | Suite101.comBlack cats are often the subject of abuse during the Halloween season. This stems from historical views that black cats are bad luck and associated with witches.Spay and Neuter Your Pet CatsThere are a number of reasons pet cats should be spayed and neutered, including the overpopulation problem in general, and some very serious health problems in cats left whole.We had Mama Kitty spayed and found out some bad news...The vet informed us that Mama Kitty had not been born with one eye. It had been gouged out of her! She had also probably been strangled with damage to her vocal cords!No wonder she did not trust people!!!For all the many years that we continued to provide shelter and food for her, she never let us get close enough to pet her. We also never heard her meow which was probably due to the vocal cord damage.We left our garage door cracked open so that she could get in and out at will. Food and bedding and even a heater in the winter was provided. Nothing we could do erased from her memory the horror that had been done to her at the hands of people.At least she had been spayed and would not bring more kittens into this world.Black Cats 2011 Wall CalendarAmazon Price: $8.31List Price: $13.99Manhattan Toy Lanky Cats Ziggy - BlackAmazon Price: $9.99Felix the Cat Pendulum Black Hanging Wall Clock LicensedAmazon Price: $29.99List Price: $49.99Black Cat: The Viridian CollectionAmazon Price: $26.78List Price: $39.98Black Cats 2011 Square 12X12 Wall Calendar (Multilingual Edition)Amazon Price: $6.98List Price: $13.99Hand Painted 3-D Seated Black Cat With Green Eyes Jewelry Charm 20mm (1)Amazon Price: $1.75List Price: $3.25The Bela Lugosi Collection (Murders in the Rue Morgue / The Black Cat / The Raven / The Invisible Ray / Black Friday)Amazon Price: $13.54List Price: $26.98Webkinz Halloween Black Cat Limited EditionAmazon Price: $4.50List Price: $0.00Mama Kitty touched our lives...She lived a good long life and had some buddies who visited her on a daily basis. One of her favorite pals was named Walter.Mama Kitty seldom ventured far from our house, backyard or the neighbor's yards on either side of us.Frequently she was seen sunning herself on our roof.We were happy to have provided her with a home, but saddened that because of Halloween and the evil doings of some kids or adults who tortured her, she remained damaged the rest of her life with regard to being able to fully trust people again. Few if any animal shelters let black kittens or black cats be adopted anywhere around the season of Halloween. It is good to know that those precautions are taken but sad to think that they are even necessary. Mama Kitty and her friend, WalterScary Halloween Black Cat MythEver wonder why the black cat is associated with Halloween? Its a feline akin to any other; it doesnt seem to possess any mystical powers.Mama Kitty has now gone on to the "great beyond" where I hope that she is frolicking freely and without any constraints.Happy Halloween!Enjoy Halloween if that is your custom but please teach your children and others to be kind to the animals who also have a right to enjoy a happy life. Our black cat story of Mama Kitty was one that we lived with for many years. We still wish that we could have held her and cuddled her as we are able to do with our cats Dusty and Peaches who enrich our lives on a daily basis. Other hubs by Peggy W...this one is Dusty's story My Life as the Top CatOnce upon a time when I was a little one, my name was Shadow. I liked the little girl that I used to follow. She picked me up and played with me a lot. In fact, I guess that is why they started to call me...Peaches story...Cats - CIA - We do our duty!Dusty and I have formed our own alliance. We call ourselves Cats in Action or CIA for short. We conduct most of our important work when our people are asleep at night and just like that other CIA that we have...Funny - Short - Squirrel - StoriesFunny Short Squirrel Story number one... When my mother was growing up in Milwaukee, Wisconsin many years ago, my grandfather used to feed the squirrels on an outside window sill of their home in the...Story of Kelly...Dog - Basketball - Irish Setter - Ours played...does yours?How many of you have a dog that played basketball? Our Irish Setter did! Here is that story...JiggsDog - Story of - JiggsFamily lore has continued to this day...FroliCat BOLT Interactive Laser Pet ToyAmazon Price: $15.25List Price: $19.95CatAmazon Price: $6.90List Price: $16.99Blue Q - Cat Butt Magnet SetAmazon Price: $8.50List Price: $10.99CAT Crystal Necklace in White Kitten Gift BoxAmazon Price: $9.99List Price: $14.99Why Do Cats Always Land on Their Feet?: 101 of the Most Perplexing Questions Answered About Feline Unfathomables, Medical Mysteries and Befuddling BehaviorsAmazon Price: $5.00List Price: $12.95CRAZY CAT LADY Action FigureAmazon Price: $8.90List Price: $12.99Colorful Springs Cat Toy - Wide - 10 pk.Amazon Price: $1.30List Price: $2.39Blue Q - Cat Butt Coin PurseAmazon Price: $3.50List Price: $3.99Chicken Soup for the Cat Lover's Soul: Stories of Feline Affection, Mystery and Charm (Chicken Soup for the Soul)Amazon Price: $5.94List Price: $14.95Bergan Turbo Scratcher Cat Toy, Colors May VaryAmazon Price: $11.29List Price: $19.99Trudy's storyDog - Rescue - My Story - by TrudyMy happy dog name became Trudy after I was rescued by some good people in the neighborhood where I was born. But first let me tell you how I found those people. This is...SkippyDog - Rescue - Role of - My Mother - Pomeranian - SkippyThis is the story of the role of the part my mother played in a dog rescue story pertaining to a cute little pomeranian named Skippy. My mother is an animal lover from waaaaaaaay back! When she was a little...Missouri - St. Louis - Grant's Farm - Clydesdale Horses - Beer and more...A St. Louis gem!The dragonfly that came to visit our garden one dayOne day while glancing outside of our kitchen dining area window a strikingly beautiful gossamer winged dragonfly came to rest upon one of my tomato stakes. As it shifted position around the metal stake...Las Vegas - Nevada - Tiger - Lions - Secret Garden - MirageWhite tigers, white lions and more...HalloweenAmazon Price: $6.00List Price: $14.98Halloween - Unrated Director's Cut (Widescreen Two-Disc Special Edition)Amazon Price: $4.98List Price: $19.95Halloween [Blu-ray]Amazon Price: $7.99List Price: $19.972 Halloween Skeleton Yard Flamingos Lawn DecorAmazon Price: $16.33Halloween IIAmazon Price: $3.88List Price: $9.99Halloween (2-Disc Unrated Collector's Edition) [Blu-ray]Amazon Price: $10.57List Price: $19.97Halloween: 30th Anniversary Box SetAmazon Price: $44.76List Price: $89.97Halloween II (Unrated Director's Cut)Amazon Price: $4.97List Price: $19.94Wilton 12 Cavity Halloween Cookie PanAmazon Price: $9.36List Price: $11.99Halloween 4 - The Return of Michael Myers (Divimax Edition)Amazon Price: $4.98List Price: $9.98Have you ever taken care of a feral cat? Yes NoSee results without votingvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Pets : Happy Animal Rescue Stories told by Trudy the DogCommentsHello, hello,14 months ago That is a lovely hub and thank you for coming and sharing. I also think that in those days we had nothing to nowadays but it was a healthier and safer world.Pete Maida14 months ago First I have to say the your hubs are always so well structured with the use of the bold type and the pictures.  It is always a pleasant read.Trick or treat was the same for us in Pennsylvania when I was growing up.  We had to perform for our treats.  I did elephant jokes.I never understood how someone could harm an animal like that.  I'd like to see a character that could do that to a small cat thrown in a cage with a lion and see if they can pull the same stuff.dohn12114 months ago I really enjoyed your hub, Peggy W. It sounds like you had the ideal Halloween as a child (great photo).  I felt a great sense of nostalgia hearing about your father carving pumpkins and you and your brothers getting face-painted by your mom--it was a nice touch--especially the part about Mamma Kitty, who certainly needy help.  That was a wonderful act of kindness by your family's part.  Thanks for the memories.loveroflife14 months ago You obviously touched Mamma Kitty's life.  It is a shame that because of someone's evil action, you could never physically touch her.  Thanks for a sweet and moving story.vanderhaven14 months ago I have great memories of homemade costumes, face painting and dressing up and --funny to realize it but the candy and going trick or treating isn't the "Main", fun memory.My kids don't have the slightest idea what it used to be like but I suppose in some way they are having fun too, and will grow up with fond memories of halloween times. I do try to make homemade costumes so at least that will be something they remember fondly even though right now all they want is one from the store!I have a feral cat right now. She isn't black but she was a small little abandoned kitten right at Halloween time last year. We fed her and tried to be very kind to her and give her a good home but she is VERY scared of people and hides whenever anyone else besides us comes around. She also had a bad eye when we got her but it wasn't gouged out, she had pinkeye and it was really infected. Today, she is beautiful and as happy as we can make her. So, it was great to read your hub and see we have so many things in common. :)Peggy W14 months ago Hi Hello, hello,As you say, we may have had little in comparison to what is made of Halloween today...but we had what counted.  Family togetherness and traditions that no amount of money can buy.  Also the safety of the times was so sweet.  Thanks for taking the time to read and comment.Peggy W14 months ago Hi Pete,Thanks for the compliment on the structure of my hubs.  I am learning and some of my earlier hubs look pretty sad.  With time, I may go back and correct some of them.So you too had to perform tricks to get your treats on Halloween.  Would love to see you doing your elephant trick.  Ha!Yes...I would like to see great punishment meted out to those who abuse animals.  Sad state of affairs.  Statistically many who abuse animals go on to abusing children or adults in later years.Thanks for your comment on our Black Cat story and Halloween.Peggy W14 months ago Hi dohn121,This must have generated some Halloween memories of your own.  Happy to have shared mine.  As to caring for our black cat...Mama Kitty...it was the least that we could do considering everything that she had endured.  Poor little thing.  Thanks for the comment.Peggy W14 months ago Hello loveroflife,Yes...poor little Mama Kitty was unable to be loved like our other cats most probably just because she was singled out because of being a black cat.  All of us...cats or people...are the same underneath that layer of fur or skin.  No one should be singled out due to coloration.  You really focused on the animal part of this hub which was my prime intent.  Thanks for the comment.Peggy W14 months ago Hello vanderhaven,Thanks for sharing your memories of Halloween and what you are now doing to make Halloween fun for your children.  I'll just bet that they will remember your homemade costumes much longer than if you simply purchased the ready made ones at the store.  Much more interaction in the family by what you are doing which is important.So nice to hear that you are also taking care of a feral cat.  If more people would spay and neuter their pets, there would not be such an overpopulation of them.  The feral ones, on average, do not have that good or long a life.  Obviously you are a caring person.  Thanks!agusfanani14 months ago I could feel the happiness of your childhood celebrating halloween  after reading this hub. I think it's not merely a celebration but also a cultural event. Thank you for sharing your beautiful moments with us.Peggy W14 months ago Hi agusfanani,Happy to have shared my memories of Halloween with you.  Thanks for the comment.Gendarme14 months ago Great story you shared!Peggy W14 months ago Hello Gendarme,Thanks for reading and commenting on this story about Halloween and our black cat, Mama Kitty.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites97Peggy WFrom Houston, Texas1130 Followers256 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Peggy WContact Peggy WFollow Peggy WSubscribe to Peggy W's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Peggy W a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsHello, I am sarita mohanty from India. I have kept so many cats in our home. Since friday morning Iasked by sarita mohanty 14 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionwhy are people scared of black cats on halloween nightasked by catlove7777 2 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsFace Painting Ideasby relachefree medium size Halloween cross stitch patternsby scout901Halloween Black Cat Costumes, Music, Decorations and Moreby JoolMy Little Black Cat Diedby Lady GuinevereBest Halloween Witch Decorations | Scary Witchesby Wendy KrickHalloween Cardsby Sandyspider Cats and Cat Breeds ForumTopicRepliesMy Cat refuses to drink from a dish...posted by keyplayer37My Cat has given birth to 3 kittensposted by sid_candid10cat attackposted by PaulaHenry115Post a new topic30 more topics Tagshalloween story halloween costumes kittens pumpkin treats Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 2.151 sec)  working