True Definition of a Single MomHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingParenting Skills, Styles and AdviceSingle ParentsTrue Definition of a Single MomTrue Definition of a Single Mom73rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Single MamaSingle Mama Social Networking SiteSign In to SingleMama-Empowering Young Women of Color - SingleMama-Empowering Young Women of ColorResources that educate single mothers while empowering them to achieve their goals.True Definition of a Single MomMy intent in writing this blog is not to upset anyone, especially, aSingle Mama. Everyone is different and has their own situation. I understand and respect that. It justbugs me when women think they are a Single Mama when someone else istaking care of them and/or their child while they sit around surfingthe web and watchin' soaps.      The most common description of a single mom is a woman who has been left by the father of her child to raise their child(ren) alone but it is not that simple. Depending on who you speak with the definition of a single mom will vary; thus, the concept becomes more complex and debatable. For example, some woman who live at home with their parents or other family members consider themselves a single parent. Woman who have a new significant other living in the same home believe they are single mom's, too. Another example is a woman who still lives with the father of her child, but feels as though she is a single mom. This woman can even be married or engaged. So you see it's not as simple as it first sounds.      Personally, I believe that a woman who contributes more than 50% of the child raising responsibilities is considered a single mom. This belief is applied to woman who are in the following situations: 1) living with a family member 2) living with the father who does not support the child 3) woman who live with a man who does not consider the woman's child to be his, but they are living together and 4) the married woman. Yes, the married woman! The married woman who is unhappy in her relationship and the husband is distant.      As a woman, in general, we are nurturing and emotional. The majority of the time we are constantly multi-tasking and taking care of everyone but ourselves. Mothers support their children financially, mentally, emotionally, physically and spiritually more than the father. Just because the husband supplies a paycheck does not mean he is doing his part. Of course, if the husband and wife agree that she will stay home and he will work, then that is not what I am speaking about. As I described above, being a parent entails more than just providing a roof over the heads of the family members. It's about teaching their child, discipline, love, time and so much more.      As a single mom, if your parents are raising your child more than you are then you are not doing your job. There are exceptions just as there is with anything else. Extenuating circumstances such as, a natural disaster or the loss of a loved one name only a few.I know there are many other hardships that occur in one's life. Legally, if the man and woman do not reside in the same household then the woman is considered a single parent. Some may even believe that if the woman is not married, then she is also considered single. Today, there are over ten million single mothers in the United States. Unfortunately, many children are growing up without guidance from the male model that they need in their life. The mother is left to complete the two-parent job by herself. Do you feel like a single mom? Are you a single mom? Is your partner not contributing as much as he should? If so, what will you do to address the issue(s)? Upcoming Blog: I will describe some of the steps to take when he leaves you to raise your kids alone. 2009 ZJM None of the work written here may be reproduced,distributed, performed, publicly displayed, or made into a derivative workwithout my permission. Single Mama StoreSingle Mama Store - ClassroomsK-8 educational toolsJamzHoliday SpiritsAmazon Price: $8.93List Price: $18.98Let It SnowAmazon Price: $5.56List Price: $7.98The FoundationAmazon Price: $9.32List Price: $18.98FearlessAmazon Price: $11.60List Price: $18.98vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome Beautiful Commentscountrywomen2 years ago OMG!! 10 Million single mothers. How many of them get alimony and child support? I go to our nearest grocery store and the lady their is an African American woman who is also a single mom. I was very concerned about her and she told me it is not so uncommon. I was shocked and mentioned about Obama then she said because he is a politician he can't afford not to have a family image. Now forgive me for asking this since I never looked at singe mom from a race point of view but is their any truth in it?Single Mama2 years ago About half of the single moms receive child support. Alimony I can't find any actual numbers. But I did learn that alimony can be used as a tax deductible for the person that gives it and is taxable for the person receiving it. Child support does not work the same way as alimony, in that respect. The grocery store lady is correct- being a single parent is too common. And I agree with her Barack statement. I do not think that he would have been an acceptable candidate if he did not have a family with a stable marriage.ajcor24 months ago I commend you on your need to help other women in this situation - so many things out there that you have no knowledge of or indeed ever thought in your wildest dreams that you might ever need - I really was a single mum for 17 years raising two boysalone - my first husband went back to live in Sth. America and did not ever contribute to our finances (not even a property settlement) so if you get any and i repeat any financial help at all you are doing extremely well in my book!ken23 months ago Interesting points, but I have my daughter half of the time, have a separate home with clothes and belonging. Her mother and I attend parents evening and event for our daughter together, have a universal grounding policy. Would you consider her mother in that circumstance as a single mother?Single Mama23 months ago Hi Ken,If you and your daughter's mother are involved 50/50 then I would just call that "equal parenting." However, say that she had her 60% or even 51% of the time I would say that she is a single parent. The same goes for you! You have to consider all that she is doing while you are not there. Raising a child is mental, emotional, spiritual, physical and financial. Let's say that you are working day in and out to support your little girl and the mom is left to do the rest of the work, then I can understand that you are not able to be their as often as you like. Yet, the reality is her mother would feel like she is doing it alone. However, grateful she should still be that you are working and putting in effort.jxb707622 months ago Single Mama: gret hub! I support your efforts 100% as I know the challenges ofsingle parenting - from a male perspective. I was a single parent with three kids before I was married but I was able to financially support them myself. I knew quite a few single mothers during that time and I can honestly say, from my viewpoint, that the single mother's situation was much tougher and they had to endure much more than I did.Icould only imagine the challenges a single mother faces without financial, emotional, or even spiritual support from the child's father. You have to be a mother, a father and everything in between to provide a balanced home..........and it's tough.My hat is off to you and other single parents.thanks for sharing.Single Mama22 months ago thank you jxb! my son is like 2 kids in 1. moms that have more than 1 kid i give so much props to them. i know a few single mothers with 3/4 boys. i'm like wow...adiciastar19 months ago I feel you, while I try to take nothing away from the single mom, especially the (great) ones that I know. There are many out there that are about nothing. They use their children as crutches. They continue to have children (by sperm donors) without any means of support, not financially, emotionally, educationally or otherwise. Those females (for lack of better terms) raise their children with the government and only keep them in the home so that they can continue to receive benefits from social services. I can't stand that mom. She usually gets high, has a filthy home, has an empty fridge right before the food stamps come and the children's clothing are stained! I really can not stand this type of single mom. I know of one personally. I also know of one single mother who suffers from lupus, diabetes and she has had two strokes. She attends college, her child needs for nothing, the house is clean and she supports her son with every fiber of her being hand he knows it. I also know of a single dad who is raising his daughter, It is sometimes unfair that a man has to fight a little bit harder to receive the same help that a female could get when it comes to, financial assistance from the government, to childcare and even respect. The struggle is totally different but just as hard if not harder. I give it up to the real single parents out there, God knows. I have my daughter's father in our lives but I could only imagine life without him. Knowing the woman that I am, I know that I would make it because I raised my little brother alone. Well I will not say alone because, my Father was and is still with me every step of the way. That is why I glorify His name daily. Sorry to keep rambling on, this topic is soo sticky. I just give it up to all the single parents on their grind! Singlemamawoc, you are great! KUDOS TO YOU.Single Mama19 months ago adiciastar- true it is frustrating to see women (and men) have children when they do not even know how to be responsible for themselves. i'm not sure if single fathers have it harder or not, i will definitely look into that topic.HarleyKat18 months ago This is a pet peeve of mine...probably because I raised my children as what I deem a TRUE SINGLE PARENT."SIngle" has no reference pertaining to their ROMANTIC STATUS...so maybe we should refer to it as LONE or SOLO parent?  ;O)To ME, a TRUE SINGLE PARENT, is one who has the SOLE CUSTODY AND CARE of their child(ren) and not one who gets to have every or every other weekend free, or "shares parenting" with the other parent and gets rid of their kid for a week or two.Here is a great summary.  I get cards on Mother's Day AND Father's Day from my four children (who are now all adults.)  Why?  Because I, being a TRUE SINGLE PARENT, was their mother AND father.  :)Kudos to you all who do it alone!  (and without bitterness!)Paul Marshall16 months ago I had never considered the various degrees to which one could be called a single parent. I am the "classic" single parent where I live alone with my child. I am resposible for all of his needs. I do all this with no aid from parents or extended family. The only difference between your subject & my situation, I am A Single Dad. Check my hub on the subject of life as single dad.queenbe16 months ago Holy cow I cannot believe this. A single mom is "single" on her OWN raising a child or the children without a husband, boyfriend, significant other or any family help. I am this person. Until you truly experience "single motherhood" you do not and can not call yourself a single mother. SorrySingle Mama16 months ago @queenbe you cannot believe what?janddplus416 months ago I like that you see single parenthood as a continuum.  My husband works out of state and pays our bills, but we hardly ever see him.  So I change all the diapers, do all the parenting, cooking, cleaning, I make all the day to day decisions, I do everything but pay the bills.  I have long hated how the traditional "single moms" get put on such a pedestal while I get no recognition whatsoever for doing all the same things.  And the traditional "single mom" typically has one or two children, whereas I have four under the age of five!  Traditional single moms out there: yes, I respect that you have more direct claim to the title.  But give us "virtually" single moms some credit too!sandwichmom15 months ago I am with you- I did not get child support on a regular basis- and have raised my kids with minimal aisstance from family. I have friends who get help from every direction- I am not sure we can relate- they lack for nothing and those that live with family have opportunity to get a break and have nights outedlina11 months ago single parenting is can be vary difficult sometimes, especially when u have to face all the difficulties alone. A single mama need to physically and mentally strong 24/7.She never quite leaves her children at home, even when she doesnt take them along...honeycookies10 months ago I have two kids and consider myself a single mom. Their dad contributes a paycheck, but we are not together and although we live together, I do the complete raising of the children. I am unable to hold down a job since I have my children 24/7 and loan my car to their dad so he can continue to work. I do not have any family to help, nor am I able to afford a sitter so I can work. Also, I am unable to move out since I have no funds of my own. Am I considered a single mother in your eyes? If anyone could offer some advice as to how to better my situation and move on (I.e. Not be romantically alone forever), please let me know. This is a very upsetting and stressful situation. I am home with my children all day and night and don't get to leave the house but one day a week when their dad returns my car to me. When I leave to do errands on that one day per week, my children come with me. While their dad is home after his work, he watches movies and plays video games to "relax." He does not agree what I do all day is also work. Thank you anyone for your help.bjT10 months ago I believe the term single parent is a parent that takes care of his/her children 100% of the time physically (other than child care to work) and financially, receiving no help from the other parent.According to Single Mama's definition I believe 90%+ of mothers in the US would be considered single parents.  Although men contribute significantly more overall, I believe that mothers still contribute significantly more than 50% of the physical care of the children and often over 50% of the financial support as well, even if they are married.I am happy for single parents that have what I consider the minimum of support from the other parent; every other weekend visitation and financial support.  I know it is a hard job to have the bulk of the responsibilities, but I still do not consider this a single parent.Playathome29 months ago Preach on girl.. I agree with you on this one. I am a singe mother by definiation and in reality. I just recenlty left a relationship with my son's dad, he was living with ME in my home and he did not contribute at all, so I was still a single mother. In all actuality he was just like another "child" that I had to cloth and feed.If a woman is lucky enough to have help from other family members and friend she still in a single parent. It's just that everyone needs help sometime and if a person is helping out with the children whether it be buying them clothes, food, or even taking them out to give the mother a break, the single mother title does not go away. Not in my eyes.donovan9 months ago wow I just bought my first computer so spelling is not great. It is so wonderfull to finally read that someone else out there gets no child support. I have an 11 year old daughter with type1 diabetes I pay about 800 a month just in medical I am a barber now for 30 years and only make 25.000 a year. So yes I get pretty damn tired of hearing about single moms that get all this  money they have noooooo clue. What it realy is like to not have enough. So bravo to other mommys like me!!!!James8 months ago I'm not sure what to think. I have my kids 50% of the time, and pay 1/3 of my income in support to the other parent, which equates to 100% of their support with me, and my CS is twice what I spend on them directly. I therefore contribute around 150% of their financial needs. However, I don't feel like a single parent. I co-parent with my ex, and it works well for the kids.Cara Moffat7 months ago I am a single mom with an unusual story.  I dont depend on the father for anything.  He lives 10 minutes away and has paid about 6 months of child support in the last 10 years.  Doesn't provide health or life insurance, clothes, or shoes.  Occasionally he picks them up for the night.  About once a month, typically.  What bothers me more than anything is the inadequacy of the court system to enforce fathers to be responsible.  I would have a huge legal bill trying to get him to pay as he has been self employed since he left.  I am not even sure he pays Uncle Sam because if he filed taxes, he would be flagged that he owed child support.  See my hubs for more background info.  Because the system is so inadequate many single moms and children fall through the cracks and end up homeless!  We need to do something.  This is a huge injustice.Cara Moffat7 months ago We should not get hung up on the technicalities of who is a  single parent and who is not.  We all have our struggles and should support each other!msthurnell6 months ago If you have children and the father has died or is non supportive and the father of another child is only interested in supporting his new child then you are very much still a single parent, however the government does not treat you that way. Here in Australia partnering with someone means you cannot get benefits for yourself or your existing children if your new partner has a substatioal income because your entitlement will be based on your income and your new partners income.This causes conflict, damages re-partnering efforts and often traps women in finacially abusive relationships. Childrens entitlement should always be based on their natural parent's income.If you have three children and he has one then he has a child and you have a family.N.E. Wright2 weeks ago My siblings and I grew up with both our parents.  My story ideas come from my thoughts of my mother.  I had a great father, but my mother did everything for us four children.  He worked.  LOL.I am a single mother with no one to give me a break.  My break is right now while my son is in school.When I planned to go up state New York a week ago, I was taking my son.  People thought that was crazy, but I do not have anyone to watch him that I trust so what am I suppose to do take a chance with his safety?I really appreciate this Hub, because there are woman with husbands the are not really around and the wife is doing it all as if she is a single mother.  That was my mom.  I thank you for her.Thanks for sharing.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites85Single MamaFrom Fort Worth, TX76 Followers21 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Single MamaContact Single MamaFollow Single MamaSubscribe to Single Mama's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Single Mama a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsHow to raise children as a single mom?asked by Shil1978 7 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionHow to be a single parent in the dating world?asked by Whitney05 14 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated Hubs10 Tips for Single Parents (with Teens) Who Want to Know...by Kathryn VercilloTips on how to survive if you are a single parentby alexandriaruthkSingle Parent Families In Canadaby Chris Eddy11116 Natural Baby Care Tipsby amy janeJobs for single momsby liswilliamsWedlock Divorce Insurance and Single Dads in the Newsby World-Traveler Single Parents ForumTopicRepliesPay It Forward Anyone?posted by needanangel20106Bringing Dates Around Your Childposted by URVIGIRL2Post a new topicTagslife family children home women job Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.645 sec)  working