Shakespaere -- The Greatest English WriterHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   Get Paid To WriteAll TopicsBooks, Literature, and WritingCommercial and Creative WritingFamous Writers and PoetsShakespaere -- The Greatest English WriterShakespaere -- The Greatest English Writer73rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Hello, hello,WILLIAM SHAKESPEAREThere is little known about Shakespeare and the mystery multiplies because so many people trying to find out more. Even the authenticity, of the so-called portraits of the artist, is questioned.William Shakespeare was baptised in the parish church of Stratford-on-Avon, England, on 26 April 1564. Since in those days only the entries of baptism can be found it is assumed that he was born one or two days earlier.His father, John Shakespeare, was a successful glove-maker. Soon after William's birth he became the town bailiff which was in his days the town mayor. After 1576, John Shakespeare, had financial problems. This factcould explain why the gifted William was not send to a university.However, it has been established that according to Shakespeare's writing that he did receive a good, grammar-school-like education and most properly in Stratford. JOHN SHAKESPEARE'S HOUSE AND MOST PROERLY WILLIAM'S BIRTHPLACE.WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE'S GRAVEMACBETH CAMBRIDGE SCHOOL SHAKESPAERE Current Bid: $4.99 The Winter's Tale: Third Series (Arden Shakespeare)Amazon Price: $12.35List Price: $17.00Romeo and Juliet (No Fear Shakespeare)Amazon Price: $2.96List Price: $5.95Julius Caesar (Arkangel Shakespeare)Amazon Price: $16.26List Price: $24.95Shakespeare's play of the Merchant of Venice - Arranged for Representation at the Princess's Theatre, with Historical and Explanatory Notes by Charles Kean, F.S.A.Amazon Price: $9.99In 1582, when Shakespeare was 18 years old he fell in love and married a girl called Anne Hathaway. She was eight years older than him and already pregnant at the time. They had two girls with the name of Susanna and Judith. A son called Hamnet, unfortunately, died when he was eleven.Shakespeare went into history when he was working in London in 1592 with the play of Henry VI. Robert Greene called him an 'upstart crow' in a pamphlet. Greene was an envious fellow-dramatist. Greene looked down on him because he was not university educated. According to that Shakespeare was later on looked upon as either a genius or even a fake because of that snobbery. It gave Francis Bacon, a famous philosopher and a man of letters. a lot of material and ideas. Bacon, it was said, wrote plays in his spare time.From 1593 to 1594 an epidemic of the plague closed the London theatres. Shakespeare had a patronage from the Earl of Southampton and because of that he could concentrate on writing poetry. After the epidemic was over, he joined the new theatre company called the Lord Chamberlain's Men, as an actor and playwright. From here on, Shakespeare wrote a number of comedies and historical plays. His famous play 'Romeo and Juliet' dates from 1595 was about the tragic event. However, his earlier works like 'Love's Labour's Lost and 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' show a fresh and youthful, singing quality. It shows in the many use of rhymed verses.'The Merchant of Venice' shows already a darker comedy in which Shakespeare was writing a few years later. He established with that an idea that a comedy doesn't necessary have to be funny provided the end is to be a happy one. At that time Shakespeare wrote two plays of Henry IV with the most celebrated comic creation. It was the fat, deceitful Falstaff with all his misadventures. It is said that the Queen Elizabeth Iwas so amused that she demanded another play in which Falstaff would also appear. Shakespeare promptly obliged and wrote the 'The Merry Wives of Windsor. 1599 The Chamberlain's Men theatre company moved across the Thames into the Globe Theatre. Shakespeare managed to get one-tenth share in the company. Being a successful theatre company it gave him more income than when he was just writing a play which brought 6 each time.When Queen Elizabeth I died in 1603 and James I became King of England the theatre company was in high favour. The name was changed to the King's Men and they performed a number of times at court. He was now well known and respected and became rich. He bought a lot of properties in his home town. During this time of his height, he wrote the most knowledgeable and far-reaching works and tragedies such as Hamlet, Othello, King Lear, Macbeth and Antony and Cleopatra. These plays are all of great tragedies and cruelty which give a bleak view of life. Therefore, it is assumed that Shakespeare himself went through a crises or desperate struggle in his private life. He wrote them in a unique poetic style of language and disguised black verses with ever-increasing freedom. The freedom became more obvious in his last work. The tragic mood vanished and it followed with The Winter's Tale and The Tempest. These two plays ended in a reconciliation and with a pleasant note right through. It was a perfect ending to a great writer's career.When Shakespeare retired around 1610, he was very wealthy and moved to live in Stratford-on-Avon again. He kept in tough with the London theatre for some years. He died on 23 April 1616 and apparently didn't care about his plays of what will become of them. Luckily, for the following generations, they were put together and published by his fellow-players Heminge and Condell. In the 'First Folio' a younger dramatist, Ben Jonson, wrote a poem which states perfectly that Shakespeare as being 'not of an age, but for all time'.THE SECRET TRIANGLEDuring 1593 till 1594 when the theatre in Londonwere closed because of the epidemic of the plague, Shakespeare wrote two long narrative poems, One was 'Venus and Andonis' and the other was 'The rape of Lucrece'. He dedicated them to the nobleman, Henry Wriothsley, Earl of Southampton. Did Shakespeare try to secure a generous patronage? If so, Southampton's patronage was not very generous.A rumour circulated around that Shakespaere was part of a triangle. In his sonnets, a sequence of verses are about a young man which was never identified, an equally mysterious darkyoung lady and including Shakespeare describing a triangular love affair.Twelve Plays by ShakespeareAmazon Price: $9.25List Price: $14.95The Winter's Tale: Third Series (Arden Shakespeare)Amazon Price: $12.35List Price: $17.00Complete Works of William Shakespeare ~ 197 Plays, Poems & SonnetsAmazon Price: $1.99Great Performances: MacbethAmazon Price: $14.99List Price: $19.99vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny Awesome (1)Beautiful Commentsloriamoore10 months ago My friend just borrowed some audio books from the library of Shakespeare works spoken in the Olde English.  I might check those out.Veronica Allen10 months ago He led a very interesting life. I wonder of the American actress Anne Hathaway was named after Shakespeare's Anne Hathaway?prettydarkhorse10 months ago wow, who wouldnt love Shakespeare hello, hmmm and that love affair --- well done, MaitaHello, hello,10 months ago Thank you, loriamoore, for your lovely comment.Hello, hello,10 months ago Thank you, Veronica, for quoting this interesting point. It most properly was.Hello, hello,10 months ago Thank you, Maita, for your lovely comment.tonymac0410 months ago Have always loved Shakespeare since I first read Romeo and Juliet in about Grade 8, I think. Thanks for an intereswting read about the great man.Love and peaceTonyPamela9910 months ago Hello,  Thank you so an excellent hub.  Shakespeare is such an interesting figure of literature to write about.  Great choice.Hello, hello,10 months ago I thank you for coming by, Tony, and praising my hub.Hello, hello,10 months ago Hello, Pamela, and I so appreciate your praise and acknowledgement for my hub.sheila b.10 months ago Though it's difficult to read Shakespeare, it's worth doing just to appreciate how he wrote about almost every aspect of life.Hello, hello,10 months ago Hello, sheila b., and thank you for posting your appreciated commententertianmentplus10 months ago Good read nice hub...Hello, hello,10 months ago Thank you for coming and posting your appreciation.habee10 months ago Great job! What's your favorite tragedy? Mine's Macbeth.Hello, hello,10 months ago Hello, habee, and thank you for your appreciation. I saw 'The Winter's Tale' in that Globe Theatre and I must say it really gives you the full feeling and meaning of Shakespeare's work.  I wished for my birthday a ticket again but not to see it now because only the stage and galleries are under a roof.  The middle is open therefore I wait for the summer.Nell Rose10 months ago Hi, Hello, great hub about a great man. I loved Romeo and Juliet, but my favourite is A midsummer nights dream, I just love all the fairys and the way it is set. thanks again nellAnn Nonymous10 months ago You never realize how much of Shakespaere has an impact on your life until you realize you have watched several movies based on his plays and actually enjoyed them! Great hub, Hello, hello. I learned a lot about this tragic writer thanks to you!Hello, hello,10 months ago Thank you, Nell, for great appreciation.Hello, hello,10 months ago Thank you, Ann, for you comment and praise.  I am so gratefulprettydarkhorse10 months ago Shakespeare is the greatest, I added that one hello, MaitaHello, hello,10 months ago Thank you, Maita, for your acknowledgement of Shakespeare.prasetio3010 months ago Thanks for showing me about Shakespeare. He is very talented person. I think he is only a poem expert, but now I knew that he is also great as a writer. Thanks, Hello.Hello, hello,10 months ago Thank you, prasetio30,  for your comment.  I am glad you found it informative.jayjay4010 months ago Have you been to Stratford on Avon? It's beautiful and full of history.  Shakespeare was such a talented man, well done on a brilliant hub.Hello, hello,10 months ago Hello, jayjay40, and yes I have been there.  I agree with you.  Thank you for a wonderful approval of my hub. I am so pleased.CMHypno10 months ago Interesting Hub on Shakespeare, Hello, Hello.  Do you really think that he wrote all those plays or do you think that someone else wrote at least some of them?Hello, hello,10 months ago I am pleaed that you enjoyed my hub.  That is a good quetion and rumours had been circulating.  One point apparently he was a very educated young man and because he couldn't go to university because of his father's financial situation that he was eager to prove himself.  The other point is that there must have been alot of evy and jealousy about which could have set off the rumour.  Another rumour I have read that Shakespeare couldn't even write properly.  I personally think that surely there must be some paperwork around which proves whose handwriting it is. He also wrote plays for the court of James I.  There also must be a lot of mentioning or even scripts.  The real truth, I guess, will never been known.James A Watkins10 months ago An incredible story that you told fabulously.  Your writing has improved greatly since you started on HubPages--not that there was anything wrong with it at the beginning.  Thank you for this pleasure.Hello, hello,10 months ago Hello, James, and thank you so much for such a great compliment in every way.  No need to apologize.  To me it was a great praise.  Thank you again.gramarye10 months ago This is well researched and written - loved every word of it.Hello, hello,10 months ago Thank you, gramarye, for your appreciation.  I am so pleased you very impressed by my hub.katiem28 months ago Hello, Hello, I love Shakespaere and have the complete works.  I love to perform the plays as it is just not done enough today.  Great Hub, I was so happy to see your Shakespaere Hub, Well Done!  A Rate Up and Must Read!  Thanks and Peace :)Hello, hello,8 months ago Thank you, katiem2, for such a great appreciation.  I am so pleased you have enjoyed my hub.blue parrot7 months ago I enjoyed your hub, Hello, Hello. And the portrait. What an exotic touch that earring gives the Bard!  Looks like a pirate! And that mane of his and the untied lace hanging down sure show him as a non-conformist.   He's a little chubby too--this might almost be a portrait of Sir John Falstaff.Have you been to the Globe Theater?Hello, hello,7 months ago Thank you, blu parrot, for your visit and being my new fan.  Yes, I have been to the Globe Theatre and it is an absolute amazin g experience.  The atmosphere makes you feel you are back in the 16th century.  Amazing.stars4395 months ago Wonderful hub, and thank you for sharing it. Very nice photos and lovely home. God Bless You Dear Heart.Hello, hello,5 months ago Thank you for reading my hub and I am glad you enjoyed it.  All the best.vocalcoach4 months ago I enjoyed reading every word of your very interesting hub. An excellent piece of work. Thank you for taking the reader on an exciting journey of the Great Man. Rated up.Hello, hello,4 months ago Thank you, vocalvoice, for such a wonderful appreciation.  I am so pleased you enjoyed it.leni sands3 months ago I really enjoyed reading this hub.  I have a great respect for Shakespeares work having taught it to High School students time after time.  I particularly favour Macbeth & Romeo and Juliette.  I have rated this hub up!  Thanks for this hub.Hello, hello,3 months ago After being so familiar with Shakespeare, I really appreciate your praise of my hub.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites94Hello, hello,From London, UK621 Followers386 HubsJoined 17 months agoRead more hubs by Hello, hello,Contact Hello, hello,Follow Hello, hello,Subscribe to Hello, hello,'s RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Hello, hello, a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsCan anyone give me a list of good English dubbed anime... (continued in Additional Details)asked by Susan Ng 10 months ago6 answersAnswer this questionDo you have a favorite quote?asked by mshunt 6 months ago9 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsGhost Writers - The best Ghost Story/Book Writersby Julie-Ann AmosThe Seeder: 010: Blue Eyes, Green Eyesby Ghost32Shakespeare's Hamlet - Did Gertrude Know that King Claudius...by Trish_MShakespeare's Hamlet: Is Claudius a careful ruler - a good...by Trish_MActors on the Stage of Life: A Recurring Metaphor from...by Jon Nelson BaileyScotland Road Tripby James A Watkins Commercial and Creative Writing ForumTopicRepliesCreative writers, sign your name, and be followed! A chance to networkposted by A.Dot.Baybee5All book authors, sign your name, and be followed! A chance to networkposted by shape_shifter35Going rate for writing a blog?posted by Mighty Mom31Post a new topic244 more topics Tagswriting writer english london england shakespeare Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.596 sec)  working