Dead Birds & Terror Plots // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 83Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 05, 2011| 3 commentsDead Birds & Terror PlotsAs the new year has greeted the world, birds seem to be dropping out of the sky. Originally, the problem with a dying bat population, dying fish and birds in Arkansas and Louisiana, and dying birds in a few locations were being attributed to natural causes, parasites, storms and the like. Even trauma has been blamed.In Arkansas, fireworks have been blamed for thousands of confused and dying blackbirds. Power lines were blamed for the mass deaths of birds in Louisiana. Other states are now seeing the same problem, even as scientists and newscasters cite a variety of possible, but separate causes, e-coli poisoning among them. Now the problem has been discovered in Sweden, the only known foreign incident at this time. Sooner or later the nation needs to wake up to the idea that a larger, but more subtle environmental problem likely exists. Despite the recent clamor, the U.S. Geological Service says that mass bird deaths are not uncommon.Many in the population have speculated that bad weather has been to blame. The nation has certainly had its share of freakish weather. Others have posed that a single leading bird that becomes confused could have led groups of birds to a fatal plunge. A few frightened schoolkids have guessed that the birds committed mass suicide. Others say that the apocalypse is surely on the way. Others say that the we are living with the end of the world as we know it because of climate issues. Still others would rather suppose that Planet X is gatecrashing our solar system, that the earth is about to suffer a magnetic pole inversion or that tiny nanobots have found the birds first.More likely is the possibility of industrial pollution and contamination that has been undetected so far. Another possibility is that terrorists are ramping up a viral, bacterial or biological contamination that is showing up in the bird population first. This could equated to a canary in a coal mine scenario. The level of contamination isn't high enough yet to kill other animals or humans that we know of. We also know that not all terrorists are equally capable. This curiosity has been clearly in evidence with the underwear bomber and the Times Square bomber. Curiously, Pravda reports that Scandinavia is dealing with an increase in Islamic extremism. We already have a silent problem in the U.S. Could the dead birds in both Sweden and the USA have anything to do with terrorist biological testing?This mystery won't likely be solved anytime soon, but an increase of panic seems to be in the wings, especially among the wackos. They would sooner look at Planet X, nanobots and global warming rather than industrial contamination or terrorist tinkering and experimentation. Just remember. It could be a gust of solar wind too, since in the minds of many, this is more likely than incompetent terrorists.http://www.gather.com/register.action?propid=viewpostnew3 groups:News tags:|3 comments// Dead Birds & Terror Plotshide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0Bahai144In the U.S. media they're actually saying: 1.That there's no connection at all between the dead fish and the dead birds. and 2.That it was fireworks that made the birds fly into buildings! The people who are at the front lines of putting out these asinine statements clearly think that the public is completely without intelligence and willing to swallow any absurd "explanation" if it's repeated incessantly for a time and attached to the lips of some so-called "experts". Hmmmm...could they be right about that?I've been saying, since I heard the first thing about the redwinged blackbirds and fish in Arkansas, that there are now toxic clouds not too far up that are gathering from all the burning and evaporation they encouraged to happen in the spill and getting more dense. I figured that just like their chemicals cause congealing of the oil in the water its also combined in the air for a gaseous congealing of sorts so now theres the same kinds of toxic clouds in the air that there were/are in the water. Then when it rains through those gas clouds it precipitates out and poisons the inland fresh water and some species are more immediately killed off than others. I've heard also that this is not just happening in the U.S.Of course this will be denied and possibly several such mindbendingly stupid explanations as "blunt trauma" and fireworks displays will be spat out by various "experts" until the corrupt, junk science establishment can come to a consensus about what idiotic party line they feel comfortable getting behind as their official pronouncement in an effort to provide culpable deniability for their corporate masters.  16:3 And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea.16:4 And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and fountains of waters; and they became blood.16:5 And I heard the angel of the waters say, Thou art righteous, O Lord, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast judged thus.16:6 For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, and thou hast given them blood to drink; for they are worthy.16:7 And I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgments.(King James Bible, Revelation) 2 days agoflag  reply0ras_menelikSorcha Faal wrote: January 4, 2011. Top US Official Murdered After Arkansas Weapons Test Causes Mass DeathRe: John P. Wheeler III, Special Assistant to the Secretary of the Air Force, Washington, D.C. from 2005-2008, when he became the Special Assistant to the Acting Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Installations, Logistics and Environment, was found brutally murdered and dumped in a landfill, and as we can read as reported by the Fox News Service:quote: Wheelers military career included writing one of the most important manuals on the effectiveness of biological and chemical weapons which led to his being hired in 2009 as a consultant to the Mitre Corporation, whose aviation system development department, the GRU reports, is at the forefront of creating the computer command and control systems used by the US Air Force in their fleet of aerial spraying planes. [photo 2nd left]These aerial spraying planes, this report continues, are based at the Little Rock Air Force Base in Arkansas that over the past few months have been involved with test dispersants of poisonous gasses in the Afghanistan War Theater using chemical weapons stocks obtained from Iraq and held at the Pine Bluff Arsenal, also located in Arkansas.Important to note about the Pine Bluff Arsenal, which calls itself Americas Arsenal, is that it is one of the Worlds most specialized munitions and chemical-biological defense products and services bases which Russia had previously accused of not fully reporting the chemical agents removed from Iraq, between 2003 and 2008, and taken to the US for testing and subsequent destruction.According to this report, the US relocated from Iraq to the Pine Bluff Arsenal an estimated 63,000 metric tonnes of the poisonous gas Phosgene that is described as one of the most feared chemical weapons ever used due to its ability to literally cause the lungs and respiratory system to explode.Nearly immediately after Russia accused the US this past summer of not fully destroying Iraqs Phosgene poisonous gas stockpile the Pine Bluff Arsenal began an accelerated disposal programme injecting it deep into the ground in central Arkansas, but which, unfortunately, since this past September, has caused over 500 minor earthquakes to occur raising the concerns of their local population.More frightening, however, is the claim made in this report that the Americans have also begun shipping massive quantities of Iraqs Phosgene poisonous gas stocks to Afghanistan where when used they will be able to say they had nothing to do with it, and believe no one will be able to prove it either.Important to note about Iraqs Phosgene poisonous gas stocks are that they are no longer able to be made by any Western country, including the United States, which makes its value as a Weapon of Mass Destruction (WMD) incalculable, especially in a war situation like Afghanistan where the enemy forces are firmly entrenched in hostile terrain.To the direct reason for Wheelers murder, this report says, was this past weeks transport of Iraqi Phosgene poisonous gas aboard a US Air Force KC-767 tanker aircraft from Little Rock Air Force Base enroute to Afghanistan that shortly after takeoff had a critical malfunction of its aerial spraying computer directed command and control system over central Arkansas causing the deaths of thousands of red-wing blackbirds.According to US reports an estimated 5,000 of these birds were killed outright and were quickly removed by US Environmental Services workers wearing hazmat suits and gas masks. Another US report states that cause of death to these thousands of birds was trauma in the breast tissue, with blood clots in the body cavity and a lot of internal bleeding which this GRU report states is consistent with Phosgene exposure.Even more chilling than this incident is this GRU report stating that it was the second accidental release of Phosgene poisonous gas in as many days, as the day before, this same US Air Force KC-767 tanker aircraft also had a critical malfunction causing a release over the Arkansas River that killed over 100,000 fish.http://www.rumormillnews.com/cgi-bin/forum.cgi?noframes;read=191893 4 days agoflag  reply0ras_menelikE Texas reporting dead birdsHundreds more birds found dead in western Ky. 4 days agoflag  replyras_menelik added thismore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvDinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  12 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  39 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  41 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  57 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog