Major Discovery! The Largest Deepwater Gas Find In A Decade Could Provide Israel's Gas Needs For 100 Years // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 83Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 31, 2010| 23 commentsMajor Discovery! The Largest Deepwater Gas Find In A Decade Could Provide Israel's Gas Needs For 100 Yearssource: http://signsofthelastdays.com/archives/major-discovery-the-largest-deepwater-gas-find-in-a-d...An error occurred while setting up video display.Revelation1217 added thisThere has been a major discovery of natural gas just off the coast of Israel.  At this point it has now been officially confirmed that one gigantic offshore gas field alone contains 16 trillion cubic feet of natural gas.  That is the largest deepwater natural gas find in a decade, and it is being projected that it could supply Israel's gas needs for 100 years.groups:News tags:News,Politics,Israel,Oil,Christian,tea party,Conservative,Gas 4 more|23 comments// Major Discovery! The Largest Deepwater Gas Find In A Decade Could Provide Israel's Gas Needs For 100 Yearshide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+1s_peakGreat. Keep us addicted to dirty fuel. Fine. Whatever. This year's gonna suck.Can I get some solar panels up in this bitch, or what?! 8 days agoflag  reply0PrijedorWhat great news! maybe now they can leave alone Palestinian land and its people 9 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Prijedor:ok sure.and what do the palestinians need to do the same?we have been asking that one too ya know.oh i know.they need a dose of shut the fuck up right? 9 days agoflag  reply0Prijedor  freecrack:Well Israel can easily take that money and build them some citys on the sea off their coast and stop spreading east while they murder people like its nothing 8 days agoflag  reply0Prijedor  freecrack:Palestinians need to grow some balls 8 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Prijedor:but this building in the sea idea would be completely insane for the palestinians right?arafat died leaving his wife over a billion dollars, but building in the sea would be a rediculous expectation for the palestinians, but completely reasonable for the israelis huh? 8 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Prijedor:lol "Palestinians need to grow some balls"yeah cuz they have been taking the pussy route all this time.wow 8 days agoflag  reply0Prijedor  freecrack:The reason I say for Israel to build on the water and not Palestinians is because Israel would not want Palestinians controlling the water, so that wouldnt be accepted, but sense Israel already controls the water there, why not build something on it... 8 days agoflag  reply0Prijedor  freecrack:of course he left his wife all that money, leaders are nothing but pawns and its no different for arafat, he did not care about his people, neither do the current leaders because if they did they would build an army and fight back the right way instead of sending people to blow them selves up while sitting back watching Israel take inch by inch every day 8 days agoflag  reply0Prijedor  freecrack:Most of them are sitting back and taking it waiting for Israel to become reasonable... they dont realize that Israel will not stop until they officially control 100% of palestine 8 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Prijedor:so this proposal (as absurd as it is) is only applicaple in the last half decade wich israel occupies the coastline.but it wasnt a realistic option for the other 58 yrs of this conflict in wich israel did not blockade the ports?building islands is rediculous and you know it.aside from it being a disproportionate endevour in terms of effort versus reward, but as attacked as israel is, being on an island is really a death sentence. 8 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Prijedor:so why not blame palestinian leadership's greed on the disasterous state of affairs, as opposed to a third party government in israel?according to this understanding of affairs, if israel didnt exist period, the entire territory would be identical to gaza right?instead of 1.5 sqaure miles of poverty, the entire terrirtory rife with poverty.doesnt that make israel the lesser of two evils comprably? 8 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Prijedor:really? cuz israel sacrificed control of gaza wich is part of the palestinian territory is it not?israel's actions literally dont support the idea that they desire control of palestine, as they gave up a piece for absolutely nothing in exchange.israel by actions alone show themselves to be less interested in land than what you claim.the majority of palestinians sit back and wait, cuz they have noticed that israel isnt on the war path like they have been told.just like terrorist groups had difficulty recruiting jihadis cuz the wicked crusaders are coming, the hamas and fatah have difficulty getting the majority to fight those who are not fighting them.we fucked up by sending troops into the middle east, thus making good on those "crusaders are coming" claims.hence serving to get the jihadi minded off thier ass's against us.israel on the other hand attacked a small area of gaza in 2008 and didnt invade the region in order to do it, showing a desire to kill a specified target, not the entirety of the gazan population.if anything the palestinians need to get some balls, the same way the iraqi's and iranian's needs to.to overthrow thier own tyranical governments who oppress them, not third party governments who defend themselves from thier despotic governments. 7 days agoflag  reply0Prijedor  freecrack:well connect it to the main land.... am just saying the money that they can get from the gas they discovered, they can do something like that 7 days agoflag  reply0Prijedor  freecrack:am blaming right wing on both sides... if Israel was suffering as much as Palestinians did I would be saying the same stuff vice verse. Israel has brough a lot of good in the reagion, they have brought it to the 21th century, but at the same time they have made gaza the way it is, gaza can be better if they let supplies go in, while still targeting hamas leaders (that they created, lets not forget) I would not move if an native american came to my house and told me to get out because his ancestors lived here first 7 days agoflag  reply0Prijedor  freecrack:they control the flow of things going in and out of gaza, so they do have some control over itI just dont like us giving up billions of dollars because some thing they are chosen by god.people here are in a really bad situations, our kids are all fucked up because our education sucks and we keep sending money to all these countries over seas 7 days agoflag  reply0oppressed1  Prijedor:if you mean lobbing V2 rockets across the fence as growing balls they have already been doing that. 6 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Prijedor:i dont think its that much.i mean the saudis are the only ones to do that, and it took them an obscene amount of wealth to pull it off.a level israel is no where near.not that you or i have a clue what island construction costs, im just saying i dont think israel will ever have enough resources to pull that off.i mean they are the size of new jersey. 6 days agoflag  reply+1Prijedor  oppressed1:no, thats what a coward would do, a coward would also blow him self up 6 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Prijedor:"gaza can be better if they let supplies go in, while still targeting hamas leaders"the blockade that you speak of has only been in place for the last 5, about to be 6 yrs.so what was the reason gaza was a shithole for the preceeding 50 some odd years?what was that thing that israel was supposed to do for gaza all this time?.the disasterous state of affairs that gaza exists in is a result of thier choices.from 48-67 israel had literal nothing to do with gaza, making thier lack of development thier own flaw.all the limited development that exists in gaza came directly from israeli occupation from 67 on.the only reason a blockade exists is because of the choices the gazans made all this time.the choice to use building materials for killing rather than building.using commercial ships for smuggling weapons rather than food.dont forget that egypt shares a border with gaza, and arent exactly happy with israel and still keep it closed.thier own fellow anti-zionist, anti-jew,anti-israel nieghbors dont feel safe with an open gazan border."I would not move if an native american came to my house and told me to get out because his ancestors lived here first"nor would anyone reasonably expect you to.but if native americans came to your house and said we are now going to share free democratic governmental authority with your already existing one you wouldnt see that as a call to war would you.israel offered coallition governance right off the bat, wich was met with a declaration of war.israel didnt come a knockin, kickin out palestinians cuz this is davids kingdom, not mohameds.they came looking to share.the state of physical conflict was demanded by the palestinians.the israelis offered to keep any and all conflicts in the confines of the political process.granted ya cant blame the palestinians for taking the position that they did.i mean logicaly they should have won a war with the jews.but they didnt.that was the gamble they made, do or die.they laid it on the line all or nothing, not israel.they lost thier homes, cuz they chose to be enemies of the state, not part of the state.a million palestinians live in israel today who opted to not fight.the option has always been there. 6 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Prijedor:israel has control over gaza the same way we have control of iran.egypt has a hand in this too lets not forget.i mean the flotilla comes in, and everyone is all "they had to cuz israel wouldnt let anything in", yet no one bothered to ask the egyptians, who equaly can let in what ever they want.this isnt israels thing alone.they smuggle what they want anyway, up to and including cars.they have access to what ever they want, but value weapons over medicine.that is the gazans burden, not israels.the "god" thing is bullshit.it has nothing to do with anything.early zionists were trying to set up a country in uganda and madagascar before ww2.the reason jews ended up in israel is cuz they were driven thier.it isnt like they had options.we werent taking them.russia was notoriously brutal to jews.the arab world was slaughtering jews for sport.africa wasnt much better, and south america had limits.they ended up in israel cuz tel-aviv was the only jewish town at that time.the only place a jew could go and feel remotely secure.belief in god has nothing to do with it, just a will to live with few options of residence available.shit most of those european refugees were athiest by that point from what they had been through.its funny (coincidence) that you mention the foriegn aid thing.i was listening to an economist on the radio today who was explaining how if the united states wanted to cut the deficit, removing all foriegn aid wouldnt even make a dent.i dont like giving away what we need here either, but im just saying it seems like what we give is inconsiquential.or so im lead to believe.thanks for not being a jerk today 6 days agoflag  reply0tverdellAnd Israel could become an exporter. 9 days agoflag  reply-3TyrWhat a beautiful stroke of luck..MOZEL TOV!!! 9 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  14 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  41 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  43 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  59 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog