In Full SwingOB RagGrassroots and Progressive views on local, national and world newsHomeAboutComment PolicyHistoryContactLettersOld RagsVol. 1, No. 17, July 1971Vol. 2, No. 5, January 1972Vol. 2, No. 8, March 1972Vol. 7, No. 2, Oct. 2002Vol. 7, No. 3, May 2003ArchivesLinksColumnsAnna's Video PickAsk an OB ConvertEd DeckerRiyadh CallingThe Chronicles of EdumacationThe Widder CurryOcean BeachHitchikers' Guide to OBOB Flashes!OB HeroesOB Time MachinePopularSan DiegoOB ClassifiedsIn Full Swing(continued from The Rag Once Again) The OB Rag Staff Roll  Circa Mid-1972By the middle of 1972, the Rag was definitely in full swing. Take a look at, say, the staff box of the mid-year issue of 1972  the June 29- July 14, Vol. 2, No. 13 edition. It included Nora Nugent, a pony-tailed feminist who was the first openly lesbian member of the staff. At one point, Nora lived in a small, old-hundred-year wood garage, then typical of OB, right off the alley, with newspapers as its only insulation. This minimalist lifestyle allowed her to be active in feminist politics and work on the Rag. Nugent continued to live in San Diego over the years and decades later ended up working for the City of San Diego.Liz Brody, another Rag staffer, lived with Nugent in her garage during that time. Liz had been recruited to the Rag after she had moved to OB following Frank Gormlies arrest in Colorado for his involvement in the Collier Park Riot. (She had been living with Gormlie near Aspen when he was arrested by the FBI in late December 1971.) Originally from western Massachusetts, Brody had attended an all-womens college outside New York City, when she met Gormlie while he was a West Point cadet. Having attended one of the first anti-war marches in Washington, D.C., in 1965, Brody brought a long-term commitment of opposition to the Vietnam War to the Rag, although she had less counter-culture roots than they others; plus she probably contributed to Gormlies transition from West Point cadet to anti-war activist. Years later, she ended up following him to the Rockies where he was working construction. At any rate, she brought a fresh intellectual, feminist, and East Coast political bent to the Rag staff. Never active in anything like the Rag before, Brody took on some of the more loftier issues and writings for the paper. After the Rags demise, Brody lived with Bo Blakey  one of the Rag originators  and became a ESL teacher, moving to Mexico City to teach.Rod Richardson was also in the staff box, definitely a member with longevity. Older than most of the other staffers, a loaner of sorts, he came to the paper with strong working-class roots, and voiced a consistent anarchist perspective even though, he too, had the least counter-cultural background. His thin, tall frame was a common site in OB as he could be seen peddling the papers in front of supermarkets and on street corners. After the Rag folded, Richardson worked as a cab driver for years, and continued to live off and on in OB, then moved permanently out of town in the late nineties.Rounding out the feminist wing of the OB Rag staff was Kathleen Doyle. She and hubby Dennis had rescued the Rag on their own when the paper nearly faltered during its transition from an anti-war-centered booklet to something else in late 1970. Their toddler son, Erin, was the Rags kid, as he was at more staff meetings than anyone else. Kathleen, who later changed her name to Lucha (struggle in Spanish) evolved into the matriarch of the publication. Everything centered or flowed around her, as her strong nurturing ways allowed the individuals on the staff to feel like a family. It was often at her initiative or direction that the Rag was able to get through its difficulties, with her hearty laugh and ubiquitous electric coffee pot close at hand. And for awhile, the Rag reflected the personal changes that Kathleen/ Lucha went through, from young mother, to ardent feminist, to open lesbian. Probably the only staffer with any journalistic background, Kathleen came from an upper-middle class Palos Verdes family seeped in publishing. When Kathleen finally departed from the Rag sometime in 1975, the paper was never able to replace her energy and commitment. She and Dennis got divorced and went their separate ways, with Kathleen transitioning and marrying again after moving back to Los Angeles.Another source of solid commitment came from Kathleens other half  Dennis Doyle, who brought his own power, energy, vision and strong emotional connectedness to this fledgling alternative to the establishment press. Dennis became a mainstay of the paper, as well as being heartily involved with OBs new free school. Dennis jumped into just about every task that was needed to get each issue printed, get it written, typed, put to bed and out the door  to the publisher. Then, of course, there was distribution. One could have the best paper but if no one read it, why bother? So, it was Dennis who ensured that the Rag made it to the streets and residents of Ocean Beach. With his long, blond curly locks flowing, Dennis made the paths of OB his own. He often would work late into the night, selling OB Rags in front of Mayfair  one of the communitys supermarkets. During one selling-sprint  with the Rag hot off the press, Dennis made over eighty dollars  this was in 1972  which could have been enough to pay the rent back then. (Selling the Rag meant asking passerbys for a donation of usually a quarter.) After he left the Rag in 75, after the dissolution of his relationship with Kathleen, Dennis continued to teach at the Free School and then as a regular teacher. Years and new lives later, he obtained his PhD, became an elementary school principal, and then moved into school district administration, and by 2007 was the chancellor of the National City School District.The last member of the regular staff during this time was David Diehl, a local environmental activist and lawyer, veteran of various battles with the authorities. Diehl had been active with the OB Ecology Action, the jetty fight, and the campaign to save Collier Park. He also had been an initiator of the OB Community Free School, and had been instrumental in setting the alternative learning facility up in an older single-story house on Voltaire Street. Years later, Diehl began another publication attached to a group he founded, the OB Preservation League. The League spearheaded successful efforts to block the construction of a boardwalk across the beach in south OB. Diehl later would travel back and forth from his home in Costa Rica and his beach house in OB.That was the regular staff, an exalted position, as that meant you could take part in the consensus decision making about what issues to take on, what articles to write, who to write them, etc. But there were contributors also, who wrote pieces, or drew graphics, took photographs, or were involved in distributing the paper, or helped out in the hundreds of small tasks necessary for the publication that spit out 5 to 10,000 issues every two weeks. For this mid-1972 issue, the contributors were Deborah Menkhart  who was instrumental in getting the Food Co-op off the ground, young Mari Gray who wrote a regular column on vegetarian and organic cooking, Charlie Marshall, an older activist who brought decades of experience to the Rag circle and community movement in general, and Elmer (unknown to this writer); others would soon join this staff, including Davis Hayden, Myriah, Terry and Sean.The New American PatriotsFor a glimmer at the eclectic left-wing politics of the staff, see the June-July 1972 issue of the OB Rag; this was the Independence Day edition, with a red-ink front cover of a flag-waving hippie in front of gun-totting National Guardsmen ala Kent State. Below the drawing was a declaration of The New American Patriots  an updated version of the Declaration of Independence, asserting in the first paragraph our right as the people governed to alter or abolish (government); it is our right to institute a new government . This updated version included a litany of traditional liberal social goals. And then it continued:The New American Patriots recognize that if our equality is not secured, that if our needs are not fulfilled, that if our political rights as stated in the Bill of Rights are not upheld, that if the government continues to make decisions for us in spite of us and fails to uphold the Right of Self-Determination for other and all peoples, then it is our duty and obligation as true American citizens to institute new government that ensures these rights and needs.We believe that the American Revolution that began around 1776 is an on-going process always in defense of individual rights over those of property; always in defense of freedom in the face of tyranny and continually in struggle to secure equality and liberty for all.Ironically, just on the second page of the issue sat OB Flashes  where at the very top was an account of arrests of members of a right-wing terrorist outfit, the Secret Army Organization. It read:SAO BustsAfter 7 months of investigation, 4 members of the Secret Army Organization , the right wing para-military group believed to be responsible for the shooting of Paula Tharp in OB on Jan. 6 [1972], have been arrested. Being held on $50,000 bail for the sniping incident and the bombing of a Hillcrest theater are: William F. Yakopec, 30, an unemployed carpenter from El Cajon; George M. Hoover, 36, a handyman from Santee .Yakopec was later, of course, convicted on the criminal acts. Hoover turned out to be an FBI informant, who had turned in the gun used in the sniping incident to his FBI supervisor weeks after it.THE RAG & OTHER O.B. ALTERNATIVES  ALL IN FULL SWINGBy Fall of 1972, it was the OB Rags second birthday  the beginning of its third year, and the community-wide effort to develop alternative institutions was in full swing. The OB Community School was a year old. A childcare center had arisen among needy parents who were assisted by activists. The OB Peoples Food Store had opened in a storefront. And finally a new grassroots urban planning organization was in the process of forming, which eventually paved the way for a community frontal attack on the developer-driven Precise Plan. Again, the Rag was on the front lines promoting all of these alternatives, as many of the papers staff were involved in these efforts.By now, the paper had taken on more a professional look; it was printed on newsprint with 16 pages  for a while it even had justified columns  but usually the text was simply typed out on typewriters. It had more photos and local news, along with poetry and artwork by local residents.For example, the birthday issue contained a half page of local news, two-thirds page of national  & international news, a half page of the people answer  a periodic poll by Rag staffers with photos and direct quotes of those polled; a page of local poetry, called the Poets Circle; a back page devoted to a detailed daily calendar  called Goodvibes and a community bulletin board of classifieds.Articles included one by Kathy Doyle on her recent natural child-birth, a open letter to the male residents of OB about rampant male chauvinistic behavior in the community; several pages devoted to a Rag staffers personal account of the 1972 Republican Convention protests in Miami; an interview with a local progressive concert producer; and finally a fictional piece about the disappearance of the OB Pier.  Significantly, this issue also contained two pages worth of advertisements  a clear indication that the paper was being sustained by the businesses that catered to the hip and young. The paper was also sustained by donations  cans were set up adjacent to stacks of issues in 18 stores within the beach area.The Rag was publishing 5000 to 10,000 copies twice monthly (or at least that was the goal) and was being distributed throughout OB, in markets and stores  at one point, it was in 18 local businesses  and informally on a couple of college campuses, and in a few stores in Mission and Pacific Beach. Importantly, the Rag had established itself as a regular periodical, and its pages contained many ads from local businesses  as mentioned  but this was very significant as it meant that the hip-eoise, the hip small to medium businesses, supported the paper and perceived the paper as reaching its potential clientele.As part of the Rags philosophy, issues were mailed to inmates free of charge. In addition, the paper was tied into a couple of news services, including LNS -Liberation News Service  an information distribution system outside mainstream media that regularly sent the Rag news, photos, and graphics pertaining to national and international issues as viewed from a progressive perspective.(click on the image to see a larger version) Decision-making on the Rags staff was usually by consensus, as the core folks worked together as a collective. At staff meetings, still held at someones house, while they consumed gallons of coffee, the collective discussed future articles and other material, tasks divided-up, and then usually everyone would hand address copies going out to the growing subscriber list.After the articles and graphics were completed, it would usually all come together in one long all-nighter, with the entire production staff joining in to do the final editing, typing, and cutting and pasting. As the Rag evolved, it went from the use of student newspaper lay-out facilities at UCSD to owning its own light tables and having its own office  major evolutionary stages. These were the days of old school lay-out production, pre-computer and desktop publishing, where sharp x-acto knifes and messy glue were the tools by which publications were crafted.Once finally laid-out, put to bed as it was called, the production staff would collapse from exhaustion, and the designated drivers  the ones who drove the copy to the printer  would take over. At one point, newsprint became so expensive, staffers were forced to drive up to Riverside to have the publication printed  what with the papers shoe-string budget.As soon as the paper was published, staff members and a few trusted friends would grab stacks and stand at busy Newport Avenue corners and in front of OBs then two major markets, Safeway and Mayfair, selling copies. The Rag was becoming popular and was being supported by the community with donations, subscriptions, and written contributions.Share|Pages:  1 2 Cancel reply Leave a CommentName *E-mail *WebsiteWant to be notified of follow-up comments by email? Click the box!Follow Us! Search the OB Rag Help Bring Back Terriers!Click the image to go to Clicker and vote for Terriers as Best TV Show Drama, maybe enough votes will convince FX to renew the show! You can also vote for Terriers in the Best Canceled Show  and Most Underrated  categories.WEEKLY OB RAG POLLWhat is the first step the Federal government should take to balance the budget and deal with the deficit?Raise taxes on the most wealthy Americans.2340% of all votesCut defense spending.2441% of all votesCut the Medicare government health insurance program for the elderly.35% of all votesCut the Social Security retirement program.23% of all votesNone of the above, or I don't know.610% of all votesTotal Votes: 58Started: January 5, 2011Back to Vote ScreenThe latest chatterannagrace on Leeches, Todays Date and the Photo of Charles Main  the Liberry Lady Answers Your QuestionsThanks Ernie.  Smiles on both sides of the desk were always a bonus.  The majority of people I ...Ernie McCray on Leeches, Todays Date and the Photo of Charles Main  the Liberry Lady Answers Your QuestionsGreat article. I've always been amazed at the information librarians or Ms. Information have at their disposal as I've asked ...annagrace on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanWhat is even more pathetic Frank is that the U-T was pulling their reports from AP.  I don't know ...RB on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanI am already doing something.  I reject both the far right and the far left and extremest language and ...dave rice on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanI got into this same argument earlier today - sent you the pics that were used against me.  Two ...Andy Cohen on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanAnd that's just the point:  Without the right wing rhetoric, it's likely that this guy would have found another ...Andy Cohen on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanMSNBC was reporting the same thing, citing wire services, until they had an official from the hospital on the air ...dave rice on Extreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a CongresswomanI'm kind of on board with Sarah's vague support of Goat's marginal support of Ian - my knee-jerk was to ...Recent Popular PostsExtreme Right Wing Rhetoric Leads to Attempted Murder of a Congresswoman 37BREAKING NEWS: Arizona Congresswoman Who Supported Health Care Reform Shot 11Newly Formed PAC for Poor People Lobbies San Diego Politicians 16The Long Branch Torrey Pine Lives! 13Save a healthy Torrey Pine  Come to tonights Planning Board meeting. 12A Librarian With a Sunny Smile I Once Knew and Loved 12The fuss about Waiting for Superman 25A firecracker is not a fireworks show. 29Reflections on the OB Mystique 9Mayor Sanders says San Diego should subsidize stadium by selling sun 21Welcome to the OB Rag  Ocean Beach & Beyond This Blog has been initiated to ply the Ocean Beach community and the San Diego scene with news and commentary from a distinctively progressive and grassroots perspective, and to provide a forum for those views. Others with similar views are invited to contribute and participate. More about us...Support the OB Rag Blog! Purchase old copies - 20% off  Help the OB Rag blog stay online by donating to buy 30-35 year old issues of the original OB Rag, Ocean Beach's infamous and iconic counterculture, underground newspaper; limited numbers are available for purchase!SPECIAL!! Save $5 on an OB Rag T-Shirt and help our website pay for itself The "OB Rag" design logo is in four colors, and on quality shirts printed up by James Gang Graphics. $15 for shirt (originally $20) plus $3 for shipping. Either send check or money order to OB Rag, PO Box 7012, San Diego, CA 92167 - or order through PayPal. Make sure to select your size before clicking "BUY NOW"  - Sorry, we are out of EXTRA-LargeSizesSmall $15.00Medium $15.00Large $15.00People Are Not Bums Buy a 'Compassion' Sticker and Help the Homeless in Ocean BeachTo order a sticker, please go to the Regional Task Force on the Homeless web site. Stickers cost only $3.50 each (including shipping and handling). You can also pick them up at the Task Force office for $2.50. All sticker proceeds will go to homeless services in Ocean Beach.Background Stuff ArchivesLinksSpecial FriendsAbout the OB Rag blogComment Policy1st OB Rag HistoryOB Under SiegeOB RespondsSummer 1970The First CircleCollier ParkNew BloodThe Rag Once AgainIn Full SwingThe Rag MaturesThe Early PoliticsPie ShopNumber 10, Summer 1984Number 11, November 1984ContactLettersOld Rags ScannedIssues of the Original OB Rag Available For A Donation to the Blog- 20% OFFVol. 1 No. 13  late April 1971Vol. 1, No. 7, Dec. 1970Vol. 1 No. 14, May-June 1971Vol. 1, No. 17, July 1971Vol. 7, No. 2, Oct. 2002Vol. 1, No. 16  late June  early July 1971Vol. 7, No. 3, May 2003Vol. 2, No. 5, January 1972Vol. 2, No. 8, March 1972Our SponsorsThe Staff Box Andy CohenAnna DanielsAnnie LaneBrenda McFarlaneDan MoralesDave RiceDoug PorterEdwin DeckerErnie McCrayFrank and PattyFrank GormlieGary GilmoreJon CarrJudi CurryLane TobiasMichael SteinbergOB CindiPatty JonesShane FinneranSunshineWireless MikeSupport the OB Rag with PayPal! For the price of a Mocha Chip Frappaccino latte, you can keep us alive for another day!Archives  Select Month  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009  November 2009  October 2009  September 2009  August 2009  July 2009  June 2009  May 2009  April 2009  March 2009  February 2009  January 2009  December 2008  November 2008  October 2008  September 2008  August 2008  July 2008  June 2008  May 2008  April 2008  March 2008  February 2008  January 2008  December 2007  November 2007  October 2007 Those Button Thingies Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes.WordPress Admin