Now... the Wikileaks sh*t is really hitting the fan with New York Times Story... // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 83Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 03, 2011| 46 commentsNow... the Wikileaks sh*t is really hitting the fan with New York Times Story...An error occurred while setting up video display.gerardange added thisby Sunny 3rd January, 2011 at 10:30 am    The US government is stepping up security in Afghanistan to stop smuggling, after WikiLeaks cables embarrassingly showed that millions of dollars were leaving the country by nefarious means.According to a secret cable released by WikiLeaks, Ahmed Zia Massoud, a former Afghan vice president, visited the United Arab Emirates last year carrying $52 million in cash. Mr. Massoud has denied the report. Beyond the flow of money to Dubai, millions of dollars more are believed to be smuggled through border crossings, and American officials fear at least some of the money is being funneled to Afghan insurgents taking shelter in Pakistans tribal regions.Youd think right-wingers in the US would be happy that someone is exposing their tax dollars being wasted, no? But thats not even the big story.The big story is that the New York Times has gone through the cables to expose this:To a greater degree than previously known, diplomats are a big part of the sales force, according to hundreds of cables released by WikiLeaks, which describe politicking and cajoling at the highest levels. It is not surprising that the United States helps American companies doing business abroad, given that each sale is worth thousands of jobs and that their foreign competitors do the same. But like the other WikiLeaks cables, these offer a remarkably detailed look at what had previously been only glimpsed  in this case, the sales war between American diplomats and their European counterparts.The documents also suggest that demands for bribes, or at least payment to suspicious intermediaries who offer to serve as agents, still take place. Boeing says it is committed to avoiding any such corrupt practices.King Abdullah II of Jordan, a longtime ally and recipient of billions of dollars in United States aid, told the ambassador in 2004 that even though the latest Airbus offer was better than Boeings he intended to make a political decision to have Royal Jordanian buy Boeing aircraft, a State Department cable said, although the United States still had to help Boeing secure the deal.It looks like the deals are quite cosy. Billion of dollars in aid from the US government goes to dictators, who then use the money to buy expensive planes from US companies, with complete support and perks from the US state department and senior diplomats. That keeps the dictators in business and human rights abuses swept under the carpet, and keeps American jobs subsidised by the US taxpayer. It also makes big corporations like Boeing and Airbus lots of money, and keeps the diplomatic oils greased.The best defense of WikiLeakse so far comes from the Spanish paper El Pais itself, which has published this brilliant editorial. The Spanish on why Freedom of Speech & Press is so Important. // Current http://ow.ly/3xuQHNo really  read the whole thing  it comprehensively destroys the naysayers, smear-merchants and useful-idiots who wanted to keep this all a secret.A key paragraph:Political classes on both sides of the Atlantic convey a simple message that is tailored to their advantage: trust us, dont try to reveal our secrets; in exchange, we offer you security.But just how much security do they really offer in exchange for this moral blackmail? Little or none, since we face the sad paradox that this is the same political elite that was incapable of properly supervising the international financial system, whose implosion triggered the biggest crisis since 1929, ruining entire countries and condemning millions of workers to unemployment and poverty. These are the same people responsible for the deteriorating quality of life of their populations, the uncertain future of the euro, the lack of a viable European project and the global governance crisis that has gripped the world in recent years, and which elites in Washington and Brussels are not oblivious to. I doubt that keeping embassy secrets under wraps is any kind of guarantee of better diplomacy or that such an approach offers us better answers to the problems we face.I bet most of 2011 is going to be dominated by WikiLeaks related controversies.For Full story: http://www.pickledpolitics.com/archives/11290 groups:News, News and Politics, US Politics, Collective Journalism, Law and Justice, Broadcasting 2 moretags:Barack Obama,Hillary Clinton,Corruption,Freedom,Democracy,Wikileaks,Fascism,Freedom of Speech,corrupt government,First Amendment,Military Industrial Complex,Government Corruption,Freedom of the Press,Joe Lieberman,1st Amendment,Totalitarianism,dianne feinstein 13 more|46 comments// Now... the Wikileaks sh*t is really hitting the fan with New York Times Story...hide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0MayeffieWikileaks!  Now that's the news I'm talkin bout! 5 hours agoflag  reply0MayeffieI want to know what Wikileaks knows...American's ought to want to know what Wilikleaks knows.  I'm mad as hell with this country.  This government knows that if American's knew what Wikileaks knows there would be no place for them to hide. 5 hours agoflag  reply+1KSirysWikileaks should have it's own channel, own newspaper and the RIGHT! to unmask all the REAL terrorists in this world!!  The US of A is turning into another China! 5 days agoflag  reply+2mitekillemSo...in a way, we're paying them to fight us. Interesting. 5 days agoflag  reply+1dudefromtherockAs always....America : rotten to the core 6 days agoflag  reply-5NickerBocker09I for one disagree with the leaks recently. Journalism? Are you fucking with me? The leaks werent journalism. No one read the information before it was leaked. A real journalist would find something important and leak that. The video about soldiers shooting kids and reporters shouldve been leaked, this bribing info should have been leaked, and many other documents but to indiscriminately release information just to release it; no thats where your pushing it. Assange just releases shit so everyone knows it. Somethings arent worth knowing and dont help anyone. The only info that should be released is illegal and corrupt acts. A lot of the crap in the massive amount of data he just released is not illegal or corrupt such as troop operations??? Great, now the enemy knows where my best friend is. 6 days agoflag  reply+3Proud_Progressive  NickerBocker09:You realize mainstream media sources have published story that describe in much greater detail our strategies and positions, right? 6 days agoflag  reply+3noxidereus  NickerBocker09:ahem... less than 1% of the documents have been released. Your criticism is simply not based in reality. 6 days agoflag  reply+3jubalI love Spain and El Pais. 6 days agoflag  reply+6jubalEvery Wikileaks story revealed makes this world a much more exciting place to live. To see the corrupt elite literally squirming in their pantalones is priceless. I think this new years is going to be absolutely delightful. 6 days agoflag  reply+3remanns  jubal:full enthusiastic agreement !   Not only does the emperor have no clothes, but the court jester pulled down his pants !    ( "his"  being applicable to BOTH parties; I think the jester is actually mooning a naked emperor !  )   BRAVO Wikileaks ! 6 days agoflag  reply+2ras_menelikNote to world tear down the walls before it's done for you and keep your pride 6 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  ras_menelik:Thats the spirit ! +^d ! 6 days agoflag  reply+4artemis6YES !!!!! Go Wiki , Go Wiki ! 6 days agoflag  reply+1treewolf39  artemis6:YAY Wiki ! 6 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  artemis6:Huzzah !  +^d 6 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  treewolf39:three cheers !   +^d 6 days agoflag  reply+4RedHeadedWriterThe more I hear, the more I wish I didn't...But then again, for the most part, our government has always been creepy. 6 days agoflag  reply+1remember2breathHere's another NYT story from yesterday:http://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/03/business/03wikileaks-bank.html?ref=businessThis one is about B of A working on CYA before it hits the fan. 6 days agoflag  reply0gerardange  remember2breath:Thanks, That was a great article! 6 days agoflag  reply+1remember2breathHere is the link to the NYT story:http://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/03/business/03wikileaks-boeing.html?_r=1 6 days agoflag  reply+3Jeremy_BensonA large number of US armed forces were also found to be participating. Not to mention the majority of contracting jobs out there failing and the money 'mysteriously' disappearing while those same failed contractors continue to receive contracts from our government. Seems the rulers of the middle east and our own American corporations have more than a few things in common. 6 days agoflag  reply+5CalgarChahaha... things are going to change this year... thank you Julian 6 days agoflag  reply+1Eddie_Miller  CalgarC:Hopefully for the better, but most likely for the worse 6 days agoflag  reply+1CalgarC  Eddie_Miller:i am sure its going to get better :D 6 days agoflag  reply0remanns  CalgarC:+^d 6 days agoflag  reply+13GENERALNATTYBillions of dollars have gone into that war , the fact that there is no entity of some sort to monitor and track the movements of the money and how it is spent is unacceptable.Right now the I.R.S is tearing someone's life apart for not filing 30k worth of earnings , but there is no one to answer for a briefcase full of 53 million dollars? that has gone into some half assed leaders bank account?I think there should be a division of the govt especially for administering foreign aid its just too expensive to give money away and then have to cut a new cheque  3 or 4 times because the people who were supposed to get it in the first place never saw the money. If the aid is for building schools , there should be someone in the foreign aid corp knowing exactly how much material for each planned building , a foreman making sure it happens in a timely manner , and the afghan labour gets a fair wage.If its for getting the economy back on its feet , there should be a panel of fiancial experts at work and auditors around calculating every penny like worker ants.The government is a entity that instead of working with a budget and getting the most bang for each buck , they rather throw ten more bucks at the problem and hope  it solves itself that needs to change right away. 6 days agoflag  reply+4kennymotown  GENERALNATTY:Well said! 6 days agoflag  reply+5ozoneoceanFrom the leaks that I browsed through on wikileaks it seemed to me that diplomats and business tried to act ethically where they could- actively steering away from dealing with war criminals and such. There was a good one about the dealings GE was doing in Montevideo, and because the minister they were working with had been suspected of war crimes in the 80's they were going to suspend dealings with him.Just because they're leaks it doesn't mean they're all damaging. 6 days agoflag  reply0jubal  ozoneocean:Indeed...if the leaks show ethical behavior, then those corporations should be rewarded with our business loyalty. Wikileaks in these cases could be serving a dual purpose, exposing the corruption while also demonstrating which companies can be trusted to act ethically. 6 days agoflag  reply-2NickerBocker09  jubal:it also diservices the good. Some good information shouldnt and doesnt want to be released. 6 days agoflag  reply+3jubal  NickerBocker09:Total transparency is the key to mankind being able to expand from this planet into the stars. While secrecy continues, it only serves to preserve the oligarchy that is the system of governance of this planet. Power and wealth are concentrated into the hands of less than 1% while poverty and disease kill millions every year. In spite of this the population keeps expanding but our planet will soon reach entropy. The truth is that we have enough wealth in the world so that not one person would go hungry and everyone could receive a free education....once they become educated then they tend to reproduce less....having lots of babies is what poverty creates because most of the babies die so having lots of babies ensures that there will be offspring that do survive.With total transparency, knowledge will increase and people will learn and evolve even faster than they are now. So much knowledge is being held back in order to serve the purposes of the current system. It reinforces the competition that on one hand creates innovation but on the other hand it takes us closer and faster towards entropy. 6 days agoflag  reply+2chivideoguyThis sounds like a good reason to stop paying taxes. Why should the money we're barely making go into a government that's throwing it to the very people who are trying to destroy us?? 6 days agoflag  reply+1Eddie_Miller  chivideoguy:Because if you don't give them your money they will throw you in a cage and treat you like an animal. 6 days agoflag  reply-1NickerBocker09  chivideoguy:you realize only a couple of dollars of your money are being wasted right? that one guys $53 million is about 15 cents (assuming it was all from us). Im not saying Im okay with it, just pointing out the amount of the US government's money that is wasted is very minimal. 6 days agoflag  reply+1cantucwearebrothersKnowledge is power, but wisdom is doing something with that knowledge.We've all known this has been occurring for a very long time and yet it continues to go on. 6 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78I really hate to say it WE are funding the Afghan insurgents by buying things made in pakistan and buying Foreign oil. evey time you buy something made in stan land you help them just a little more. 6 days agoflag  reply-1NickerBocker09  bailey78:because everyone is Pakistan is bad... 6 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  NickerBocker09:Don't be a dill hole of course not everybody in stan land is evil. But thats where they are comeing out of. 6 days agoflag  reply+9kennymotownWiki is helping all Americans by arming them with the truth! 6 days agoflag  reply+1CalgarC  kennymotown:and a file called "cables.torrent" 6 days agoflag  reply0remanns  kennymotown:+^d 6 days agoflag  reply+8remannsshit that fan !    shit it good ! 6 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  remanns:p.s. - - - voting this shit up ! 6 days agoflag  reply+5tommicQUID PRO QUO 6 days agoflag  reply+8figgdimensionI shot milk out my nose .... I love you Wiki 6 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  14 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  41 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  43 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  59 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog