Body of former Pentagon official found in landfill // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 83Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 03, 2011| 41 commentsBody of former Pentagon official found in landfillsource: http://opensourceworld.us/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=1121:body-of-former-p...An error occurred while setting up video display.Itsbatman_Durr added thisDelaware authorities are investigating the circumstances surrounding the recent discovery of the body of a former Pentagon official in a landfill, according to a statement released Monday by the Newark, Delaware, Police Department.The Delaware medical examiner's office has ruled the death of 66-year-old John P. Wheeler a homicide.Wheeler was discovered at Wilmington's Cherry Island Landfill on December 31.Wheeler, who lived in New Castle, worked under three Republican presidents -- Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, and George W. Bush. He served as a special assistant to the Air Force secretary from 2005 to 2008.Among other things, he also served as head of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund and was the first chairman of Mothers Against Drunk Driving.A staff officer in Vietnam, Wheeler was a graduate of West Point, as well as Harvard Business School and Yale Law School."We are asking for the public's assistance" in the case, Newark police spokesman Lt. Mark Farrall told CNN. "We don't know where the crime scene occurred. The body was dumped within our jurisdiction." Newark is about 12 miles southwest of Wilmington.Farrall noted that Wheeler's body was seen jutting out of a garbage truck at the landfill by a spotter whose job it is to ensure that hazardous material is not dumped there.Police believe Wheeler's body was most likely picked up by the truck at one of the first of ten specially designated dumpster pick-up spots before heading to the landfill.Farrall said police do not know when Wheeler was last seen. He noted that Wheeler had been scheduled to take a train from Washington to Wilmington near the time of the death, though he dismissed reports that Wheeler had actually been seen on a train.Farrall said an apparent dispute between Wheeler and a neighbor was "one facet of the investigation."Wheeler's attorney, Bayard Marin, told CNN that his client had been involved in a lengthy legal fight with a couple building a new home across the street in a historic district of New Castle. Wheeler had adamantly opposed the new construction.The dispute may have become contentious, but "I can't recall a confrontation," Marin said. "Everything seemed to be kept within normal bounds."Veterans advocates offered statements of praise for the former official, who served in Vietnam."It is only fitting that we pause now and remember Jack Wheeler, who served his country honorably, then dedicated himself to ensuring that our nation's service members are always given the respect they deserve," said Jan Scruggs, president of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund.What Wheeler "cared about was civic values and civic virtue," wrote James Fallows, national correspondent for The Atlantic."He was a complicated man of very intense (and sometimes changeable) friendships, passions, and causes. ... I feel terrible for his family and hope they will eventually find comfort in knowing how many important things he achieved."groups:News, News and Politics, Submit story ideas "ripped from the headlines." tags:Pentagon,Homicide |41 comments// Body of former Pentagon official found in landfillhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+1bailey78I think the Bush family may be doing a little in house cleaning. 5 days agoflag  reply+1cantucwearebrothersIs a point trying to be made?  In biblical times they threw someone unbefitting a burial into this huge burning pile of rubbish outside the city.I don't have high hopes that we'll be made privy to what actually happened. 5 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  cantucwearebrothers:yeah i am with you on that.. i am really interested in the DADT angle, as well as some hints of possible wikileaks involvement here.. to have a career such as his, serving the public good for real, and then to be thrown away literally into the trash is unconscionable. 5 days agoflag  reply+3Ricky84He probably died looking for that  sense of morality the Pentagon and the military industrial complex threw out years ago. 6 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  Ricky84:hah. +^d 6 days agoflag  reply+2thedirtmanI don't know if this had anything to do with it, but one John P. Wheeler disappeared 10 days after the congressional repeal of DADT:http://www.thecrimson.com/article/2010/5/26/harvard-military-ban-rotc/Lifting the ROTC BanBy John P. WheelerPublished: Wednesday, May 26, 2010If someone told me during my cadet years at West Point that I would fall in love with Harvard and have warm friendship and regard for its current students, it would have been amazing data to process. For one thing, it would have meant that I would make it through Vietnam, a pretty goodand certainly not guaranteedoutcome.In retrospect, however, it is not surprising that the chapters of my life when I was a soldier and when I attended Harvard Business School are connected. Harvard, after all, has always played an instrumental role in protecting this nation.Soldiers have historically been considered to be highly valued students for the Universitys investment. President Nathan M. Pusey 28 personally saw to it that the name of an applicant from the war zone got sent to the right quarters, so that Bruns Grayson 74 became the only Rhodes Scholar who served in Vietnam before college.When I had the signal opportunity to chair construction of the Vietnam Memorial in Washington D.C.,  Harvard graduates ensured that amidst the huge ten-year controversy its construction continued without fail. Each Harvard alumnus who participated gave hundreds of hours of devotion and time. The Atlantic Monthly Editor James M. Fallows 70, a former President of The Harvard Crimson, in two hours wrote and placed an op-ed in the Washington Post to blow the whistle on an egregious move by opponents of the design. People with connections to Harvard were numerous among those who made the wall possible.Harvards professors also contribute to our armed forces in a decisive way. In defense lanes, I found myself working with Professor Matthew S. Meselson; it is little known that his work led directly to the still-standing U.S. policy to forego all use of biological weapons. He still works devotedly as teacher, scientist, and friend to public servants. Samuel R. Williamson parsed foreign policy and the causes of war for us rookies in the Pentagon. He still does.Though historically rooted, the ties between Harvard and our nations armed forces have been called into question lately, given the Universitys 42 years of insistence that the Reserve Officer Training Corps cannot have a place on campus.  I believe that Crimson editorial writer Brian J. Buldoc 10s opinion piece supporting lifting the ban spots the main obstacle: among faculty members, antipathy for the military is concomitant to the ban. In talks with Harvard students and graduates in last winter, I found that the majority favor lifting the ban on ROTC; they, and I, feel that the ban makes a negative statement about those in the military now, stigmatizing young officers for the sake of trying to combat the stigma that faces gay military personnel.I find that among gay military personnel there is little or no desire to injure fellow military. The view is that the case is for Congress to decide and is not the fault of young people who are either currently in the military or are committed to join after college. When Harvard refuses to allow ROTC on campus, it sends the message that service to ones country is not a priority. At its core, Harvards ban blames the warrior for a policy issue. That is the same mistake the ban originally made in 1968, when ROTC was removed from campus as the result of protests against the war in Vietnam. Among those of us in the military on campus then, there was a sting of personal rejection that  is still felt by ROTC candidates now.But our country has moved beyond blaming the soldier for issues of policy. Our country needs the best that Harvard has to offer in a new century of grave threats. Our country needs the Harvard of Elliot L. Richardson 41, Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr., class of 1861, and Robert Gould Shaw.Commencement and the coming weeks are a fitting time to join with President Obama, to speak and act to end the ban on ROTC, and to affirm the message to all students and to our country that Harvard will always stand with our military in serving the nation.John P. Wheeler, MBA 69, is Chairman of the American Warfighters Fund, a charity that mobilizes action to meet key unmet needs of active military, veterans, and their families. He served in Vietnam from 1969 to 1970. 6 days agoflag  reply+2Itsbatman_Durr  thedirtman:the plot thickens 6 days agoflag  reply+1mitekillem  thedirtman:So maybe it wasn't the Pentagon. Maybe it was Havard.The Pentagon wants gays in the military. You know...because it suits their "elitist liberal agenda". /:)LOL 6 days agoflag  replyruthwilliam [removed]This comment was removed as a violation of community guidelines.0Itsbatman_Durr  ruthwilliam:huh? 6 days agoflag  reply+1eden49  Itsbatman_Durr:...they've landed... 6 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  eden49:eeeeeeeeeep! 6 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  Itsbatman_Durr:errrrrrrrrrp! 5 days agoflag  reply+2kennymotownMost of these former higher ups live out their lives peacefully, something definitely smells rotten. 6 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  kennymotown:yeah.. i repeat vince foster.. lol 6 days agoflag  reply+1galwaymanTHE CIA DID IT! smells like a conspiracy for sure! Why did the US kill him that is the question! 6 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  galwayman:blame hillary 6 days agoflag  reply+1artemis6Perhaps the Pentagon devours its own . 6 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  artemis6:and then throws them away like yesterdays trash on the heap of broken dreams in the land fill of despair and and and  ok i give up lol 6 days agoflag  reply+1remannsTime to bring in thee pulp-fiction detectives. 6 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  remanns:what are you laughing at? they're your clothes! 6 days agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarian  remanns:Bring back Philip Marlowe!  But in black and white....maybe black and white animated.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-4Ftle8mRQ 6 days agoflag  reply+2RossiTRWell, apparently he was secretary of the SEC, and assistant to the secretary of the Air Force, so it's either a Wall Street reveal or aliens. 6 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  RossiTR:i think that he knows why the fish and birds are dying in arkansas, and its probably related to a secret alliance of monsanto and julian assange 6 days agoflag  reply+1RossiTR  Itsbatman_Durr:Well now you`re just talking rubbish... 6 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  Itsbatman_Durr:Heh. 6 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78  Itsbatman_Durr:Keep talking like that and you might be next. 5 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  bailey78:i might be next? only if its next to Yooooooooooooou ooooh ooooooh ooooooohlol 5 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  Itsbatman_Durr:Don't worry we will Wait I mean they will put you in a trash compactor first. 5 days agoflag  reply+2figgdimensionTheir  asking for the public's help cause that's who's living at the  dump... 6 days agoflag  reply+1figgdimensionHe was a mother against drunk drivers hmmmm suspicious smells like garbage 6 days agoflag  reply+2ThatCrazyLibertarianShould have sent in the Wolf...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWmRTjLRMfU&feature=related 6 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  ThatCrazyLibertarian:harvey for the win!! 6 days agoflag  reply+1argus_manWAX IN, WAX OFF !!! 6 days agoflag  reply+1eden49...something stinks here... 6 days agoflag  reply+1Itsbatman_Durr  eden49:yeah i agree.. more than just an argument between neighbors i thinkoh wait.. landfill.. stinks.. LOL i am dense heheh i actually got that as i was responding 6 days agoflag  reply+1eden49  Itsbatman_Durr:...actually, I was referring more to your first line...lol...but I agree...maybe he was in the throes of a "reveal all"... 6 days agoflag  reply+6miles_ahead  eden49:You can count on that. Nobody ends up in a garbage truck by accident. He probably knew too much about something that can no longer be covered up, and his testimony might have been valuable. 6 days agoflag  reply+2eden49  miles_ahead:...I think I feel a movie coming on... 6 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durr  miles_ahead:vincent foster anyone? 6 days agoflag  reply+5a619koMurder?... 6 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  14 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  40 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  43 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  59 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog