GOP Governor Haley Barbour Criticized for Praising Segregationist Group // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 220Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 21, 2010| 23 commentsGOP Governor Haley Barbour Criticized for Praising Segregationist Groupsource: http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-20026232-503544.html?tag=channelMoreAn error occurred while setting up video display.TimALoftis added thisA spokesperson for Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour is pushing back against criticism from liberal pundits today over the governor's praise for a segregationist group.Here's the backstory: Over the weekend, the conservative magazine the Weekly Standard published profile of Barbour, a major GOP operative and potential 2012 Republican presidential candidate. The profile highlighted Barbour's ties to his hometown of Yazoo City, Mississippi, where schools were integrated without violence during the Civil Rights era.Barbour, who was only a few years out of school himself at the time, credited the lack of violence to the Citizens Councils, a segregationist group that resisted integration through economic means.The Weekly Standard reports:    ...Yazoo City was perhaps the only municipality in Mississippi that managed to integrate the schools without violence. I asked Haley Barbour why he thought that was so.    "Because the business community wouldn't stand for it," he said. "You heard of the Citizens' Councils? Up north they think it was like the KKK. Where I come from it was an organization of town leaders. In Yazoo City they passed a resolution that said anybody who started a chapter of the Klan would get their ass run out of town. If you had a job, you'd lose it. If you had a store, they'd see nobody shopped there. We didn't have a problem with the Klan in Yazoo City."The Citizens' Council, initially called the White Citizens' Council, formed after the Brown v. Board of Education Supreme Court Decision with the goal of maintaining segregation through economic and political pressure.Dan Turner, the official spokesman for Barbour, told Talking Points Memo that criticism of the remarks were intended to paint the governor as a racist -- when "nothing could be further from the truth.""Tell me what in Gov. Barbour's past gives any indication of any racist leanings, and I'll be glad to address the question," Turner said. "Otherwise, it's not a legitimate question. There's nothing in his past that shows that. If you pick out a sentence or a paragraph out of a fairly long article and harp on it, you can manipulate it. And that sounds to me like what you're trying to do."Ben Smith of Politico, meanwhile, points to another potentially-problematic remark from Barbour's past. A 1982 New York Times article details an anecdote from the campaign trail (Barbour was running for Senate) in which an aide used a racial slur. The Times reports that "Barbour warned that if the aide persisted in racist remarks, he would be reincarnated as a watermelon and placed at the mercy of blacks."Greg Sargent, a liberal blogger for the Washington Post, argues that Barbour's statements on racial issues could seriously hurt his chances as a presidential contender."Barbour has repeatedly been overly casual about matters of race," Sargent writes. "He seems incapable of acknowledging that race is the third rail of American politics, or even acting as if that's the case."Hari Sevugan, spokesperson for the Democratic National Committee, jumped on Barbour's remarks, tweeting, "Re Barbour's "not that bad" comment: He's not ready for prime time or not ready for the 21st century - either way it's disqualifying."groups:News, Politics tags:GOP,Racism,Haley Barbour,Liberal Media,race card 1 more|23 comments// GOP Governor Haley Barbour Criticized for Praising Segregationist Grouphide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+1bike10His knowledge of the Civil War comes from Gone with the Wind. 19 days agoflag  reply0adamvelvetuI'll be honest...from the headline I was expecting something much worse. Barbour is praising a segregationist group for fighting a hate group which doesn't strike me as 'school's never should of immigrated.' Of course, I'm sure in private he says things like 'well, they ain't all bad' but I think our country has a long way to go. Even many liberals probably think of black as a race. 19 days agoflag  reply-1ThatCrazyLibertarianI would really love to watch a boxing match between David Banner and Haley Barbour...or should I just call it a good ol' fashioned ass whoopin. 19 days agoflag  reply+3unimatrix0Even if Barbour is a racist pig, he should have been smart enough to tell a different story.Now we all know what he is really thinking.  Defending the White Citizens' Council is not only racist, it is also political suicide.Poor dumb bastard. 19 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  unimatrix0:You mean he should have lied? 19 days agoflag  reply-3trutBarbour doesn't like being around blacks, what's the problem? 19 days agoflag  reply+1TimALoftis  trut:sadly, a lot of people feel that way. We can and must do better. 19 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  TimALoftis:You don't know that Haley feels that way, don't pretend you do. 19 days agoflag  reply-3ayipissame people who thought Obama would save them because he is black...are bring these charges..what more can i say 19 days agoflag  reply-3JohnAWe have two years of this to look forward to, everyone who is even rumored to be contemplating a run against Barack Obama being called a racist.  I can't wait. 19 days agoflag  reply-3curtisreedhere they go, the liberals have started their campaign of personal destruction already. 19 days agoflag  reply+1TimALoftishttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/12/20/jeppie-brother-haley-barbour-brother_n_.......Haley's brother does not sound any betterBarbour's Brother Bemoaned Blacks 'Not Listenin' To White People Like They Used To' 19 days agoflag  reply-3ayipis  TimALoftis:">>>>"Because the business community wouldn't stand for it," he said. "You heard of the Citizens' Councils? Up north they think it was like the KKK. Where I come from it was an organization of town leaders. In Yazoo City they passed a resolution that said anybody who started a chapter of the Klan would get their ass run out of town. If you had a job, you'd lose it. If you had a store, they'd see nobody shopped there. We didn't have a problem with the Klan in Yazoo City."The Citizens' Council, initially called the White Citizens' Council, formed after the Brown v. Board of Education Supreme Court Decision with the goal of maintaining segregation through economic and political pressure.19 days agoflag  reply0curtisreed  ayipis:I think part of the argument that was made at the time was that segregation would lead to the destructionof quality education.  All evidence has pointed that education quality did suffer afterward.And now, we see in Mississippi that in a small town a number of white students wanted to leave a failing school and attend a better suburban school.  So they were voluntarily leaving a school to attend a better school, when along came the Obama administration ordering them to stop, because it was a form of "voluntary segregation".Think about that perverse logic for a minute.  Laws passed that declared it illegal for anyone to prevent access to a school based upon race, precisely so that an ethnicity that wanted to attend a better school could do so.  60 years later, when white students want to attend "a better school", they are told "you can't do that, because you're white".Sounds like the desegregationists are perfectly willing to discriminate to perpetuate their ultimate goal of forcing failure upon everyone equally. 18 days agoflag  reply-1JohnA"Greg Sargent, a liberal blogger for the Washington Post, argues that Barbour's statements on racial issues could seriously hurt his chances as a presidential contender."Yeah, because nobody else who runs against Obama, Democrat or Republican, will ever be called a racist.  He hasn't even said if he wants to run yet.  Playing the race card a little early, aren't you?  Early and often I suppose, hey, worked in 2008 I guess. 19 days agoflag  reply+3timetide  JohnA:"The Citizens' Council, initially called the White Citizens' Council, formed after the Brown v. Board of Education Supreme Court Decision with the goal of maintaining segregation through economic and political pressure."Praising a group formed to resist integration that also economically and politically segregated an entire population on the mere basis of skin color is racist. It's not because he's white and Obama is black like, 99.9% of Fox viewers believe, its because he's spoken foundly and in good terms about a racist group that members of his family have joined in the past and present. This is a good indicator of how he would treat other ethnicities both economically and politically.Side note: The mis-direction response perfected by the teabaggers and Fox during the last 2 years of calling people racist when they catch somebody the teabaggers support doing or saying something racist no longer works. Everybody is catching on to it so they might want to create something new to cause mis-directions. 19 days agoflag  reply0JohnA  timetide:*yawn* 19 days agoflag  reply+1TimALoftishttp://tpmlivewire.talkingpointsmemo.com/2010/12/maddow-rips-haley-barbour-over-...Rachael Maddow rips Haley Barour over his praise of segregationists 19 days agoflag  reply-1JohnA  TimALoftis:MSNBC doesn't like a Republican.  News Flash! 19 days agoflag  reply+3onemaleflaIn Germany it started with segregating and it ended with concentration camps...hate is hateyou cant be coy about it.this idiot can not see that it shines through. 19 days agoflag  reply+1onemaleflaThis is the whole problem with our Nation today. 19 days agoflag  reply+1onemalefla1 19 days agoflag  reply+1TimALoftisthese idiots just don't seem to get it! 20 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentssouthrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  24 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  26 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  43 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog