Self Esteem or Competence- Which Matters Most? // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 212Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 73Corporations or politicians hurting America? 13The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 04, 2011| 24 commentsSelf Esteem or Competence- Which Matters Most?source: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfM-4sjKZbQAn error occurred while setting up video display.Progresshiv added thisIs it right to tell people they're great when they're incompetent?groups:News, News and Politics, Culture, current cult, Humanism, books, Opinion, i'm so bored that i can't tell, Debate, Philosophy, Fight Room, Current Debates 8 moretags:Education,History,Students,Writing,Schools,Learning,Reading,Teaching,Math,Confidence,Self Esteem,Ability,Self Image,Competence 10 more|24 comments// Self Esteem or Competence- Which Matters Most? // Videohide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+2galwaymanSelf Esteem comes first without that the rest doesn't matter! Competence in what you choose to do is next,followed by compassion,then honor! Too many Americans have no self esteem,compassion,or honor and the elite who control the government and media,as well as the corporations make sure that this situation never changes and keep feeding us the media crap which turns the mind to mush,the ability to think, to reason independently is gone for most,,and compassion for those less fortunate made to seem as if that costs too much and that greed is good! In the new politically correct world where the nanny state will take care of everything they say only competence matters! I say they are wrong! Wake up America you are being conned! 3 days agoflag  reply+3Progresshiv  galwayman:We may have an interesting chicken-or-egg discussion about how self-esteem and competence are generated, but I agree wholeheartedly that we have been fed a load of crap from the media.  We have been divided into "Socialists" and "Right Wing Nut Jobs" so that, while we're fighting each other, the fox is eating all the eggs out of the henhouse.  It's time we woke up and realized we've been taken for a ride. 3 days agoflag  reply+2jubal  Progresshiv:That seems to be the crux of the whole thing, the media and its propaganda dumbing down the population by reducing us to polar opposites. They take every advantage to fan the flames and foment discord.Personally I vote for competence and then self esteem arising out of that competence.I guess perhaps there are two different types of self esteem, the type that you get when your a kid and your parents make you feel loved and safe and the self esteem that comes from being recognized for doing a good job. What would you call the other one so that they don't get confused? 3 days agoflag  reply+2Progresshiv  jubal:Good points, Jubal.  I hate to get all psychobabbly, but when I was in school, some professor told us that people who have successfully learned to put their skills and confidence to use in the service of their goals are "self-actualized."  They act because they know what they want, and they have worked to get the skills necessary to succeed.  So, maybe the kind of self-regard parents give to their kids could be called "self esteem" while the confidence that comes from being competent could be called "self-actualization." 3 days agoflag  reply+2remannsOh,.......c'mon !   Lets fight about this !   This one has some real cultural entertainment value ! 3 days agoflag  reply+2remannsKids should be,...uhm,....not taught, but ENCOURAGED to be "an army of one".I do not mean by this that they shold be encouraged to join the army,....but rather that they are responsible for their own physical and mental entire personhood, competance, and autonomyI dont want schools I ACTUALLY MONETARILY SUPPORT to be teachig "conformity" to begin with.My thesis statement -    we "teach" Esteem,.....because the "momentum of the pack" and "hiearchy in place"  does NOT really want "self reliance" and "individual assessment" in and from its members,......but,....hey,.....they want everyone to be HAPPY with being a cog in the machine.p.s.   YOU CAN DO IT !is entirely different fromYOU ARE HUNKY-DORY JUST THE WAY YOU AREwe should start with a teacher saying  ---- " FUCK WHAT I THINK,    BUT,....these are my thoughts, judge them as you will,...you are your own GOD ". now THAT, I would feel good about my tax dollars supporting. 3 days agoflag  reply+3Progresshiv  remanns:Thanks for your take on this.  I do urge students to think for themselves, because the herd mentality is ultimately destructive to a democratic society.  If we had a nation of independent, critical thinkers, we'd be in good shape. 3 days agoflag  reply+1remannsDONT STAND IN THE WAY OF GEORGE BUSH !!!!!!BOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!! 3 days agoflag  reply+1remannswell done .   +^d 3 days agoflag  reply+3remannsyo,...........Bill,............you're greatly incompetant.( PROBLEM SOLVED ) 3 days agoflag  reply+3jmarkredExcellent, honest video. You brought up some thought-provoking questions quite relevant to today's society (Although to be honest, the character and topic weren't as comedic as your earlier works).Great job, my friend! 4 days agoflag  reply+5JohnAIt is an interesting question.  I am a manager of people, I think they best advice I've heard was from Jimmy Johnson, former Dallas Cowboy coach.  Put critisisms into positive terms.  Instead of saying "don't fumble the ball", say "hold on to the ball", for example.  Instead of saying "stop screwing up", say "start paying more attention to this".  Tell them what they should do, not what they should not do.  You get your point across about what needs to be done and you haven't made them feel at fault.  You are teaching them instead of berating them.  It works very well. 4 days agoflag  reply+3artemis6I think any compliment can't be fake . Falseness does no good . If ya screw up , just say so , that way when you do good , it has meaning , impact . Everyone makes mistakes , has bad fortune and sometimes you cannot win . If ya ain't got the truth , you got nuthin' . 4 days agoflag  reply+2Progresshiv  artemis6:Well said. 4 days agoflag  reply+4KSirysGreat post Progress!  Thank you for the vid! 4 days agoflag  reply+2Progresshiv  KSirys:Thanks. 4 days agoflag  reply+5IncredulousWell Prog, brilliant as usual, and I feel what you are saying.  I assume you know the details of the 32 murdered students and faculty at Virginia Tech?  The back story to that dreadful incident reads uncannily similar to the story you told below.  Ironically, the faculty/poet who requested that Seung-Hui Cho be removed from her class, was probably the greatest single influence on my college career.  She taught me to write, not that I couldn't write before I became her student, but she taught her students the nuances of writing that made each one of us want to be a better writer, and she did it largely by demanding that we think. She engaged our minds, every time we stepped into her classroom.  She made it very clear that if you couldn't think, you couldn't write, and she was adamant that people should write about what they know, whatever that might be.  I remember her telling us once that writers have to be arrogant people, because without a certain degree of arrogance, you can never make the assumption that anything you have to say is worth other people's time reading. She taught us by being honest, praising wherever she could praise, and correcting wherever correction was needed, but Seung-Hui Cho was her student, and he was a very sick and very delusional young man. Being a teacher, at any level, is both rewarding and risky. I don't doubt that you are a good one, and my answer to your question is that you be true to your own integrity and teach.  To hell with evaluations, they don't mean crap.  They are like credit scores, something that was created to control people. In order for credit to be real, we have to participate, and I feel the same way about evaluations. Any administration that makes its decisions based solely upon what the students have to say, without any observation of their own, well, that administration needs to be replaced, and as for the parents, sorry, but some of them need to wake up and realize that when you drop the kid off at college, what you did or didn't do is going to make all the difference, and your job is done.  Not that you don't get to still pay the bills, but whatever skills and values you gave your child will be tested, and how they come through is up to them now, not you.  I can't imagine you being anything other than an extraordinary teacher Prog.  You are one of the most engaging people on Current, and let's face it, people on Current can be pretty harsh in their judgments and opinions, and it never seems to faze you.  You always come back brilliant and entertaining, so I say teach! 4 days agoflag  reply+5Progresshiv  Incredulous:Thanks for your nice words.  Maybe if someone had had the audacity to say, "This guy (Seung-Hui Cho) is nuts - get him out of here!" 32 innocent people would be alive today.  I hope that people will wake up and realize life is not a drill. 4 days agoflag  reply+7EdJoyProductionsAbsolutely true.  Although I think it is a deeper, more sinister plot to ensure a stupid population.  My ex-husband was a professor at a local college and he had an incompetent nursing student that threatened him with reporting him for sexual harrassment.  He went to his administrator and they advised him to pass her.  He did not.  She did falsely report him of sexual harrassment and he was reprimanded and eventually her grade was changed.  She is probably a working nurse now and that is a pretty scary thought.PS.. Can you pick me some of those mushrooms and send them to me.  ;) 5 days agoflag  reply+6Progresshiv  EdJoyProductions:Yes, some students will try to blackmail instructors for grades, and it is rare that administrators stand up for their instructors.  The entire educational system is poisoned by the threat of litigation, and that fear makes it impossible to conduct business without educators having to look over their shoulders constantly.About 15 years ago I had a student who was persistently loud and obnoxious in class, and when I asked her to stop, she responded by bringing two guns to class in her purse.  Another instructor saw the guns sticking out of her purse and reported her to security, who disarmed her before she could shoot me or anyone else.  The dean asked me what I was going to do when the student returned to class, and I answered that I would not allow such a person to re-enter my class.  The school then arranged a private tutor for this student so that she could complete the class.  To me it seemed unbelievable, but it is not uncommon that such things happen in America's schools.  Unless and until we decide that we are going to accept the adult responsibility of acting with integrity and insisting upon responsible behavior from students, we are just throwing our education dollars away.  With very few exceptions, the teachers I have worked with are overworked, underpaid, and largely unappreciated.  They do not receive respect from their bosses or the community, and they continue to work out of a sense of dedication and mission.  It is way past time America pulled its head out of its ass and treated teachers with the same care they give their students. By the way, I wouldn't know which mushrooms to send you, so you'll have to do some Googling for yourself.  :-) 5 days agoflag  reply0remanns  EdJoyProductions:save a mushroom for me.    +^d 3 days agoflag  reply+1remanns  Progresshiv:My brother had a REALLY GOOD comic collecting, sci-fi reading, world culture knowledgeable, educated man, of a teacher, gunned down at the begining of junior high class, by a son of an important man.   HE now has a law practice. Father worked for Reagan.esteem issues,.....I am sure. 3 days agoflag  reply+1Progresshiv  remanns:What a senseless tragedy. 3 days agoflag  reply+6kennymotownVery well said! Keep up the good work. 5 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Too much fluoride in water! see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  13 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  21 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  30 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 WhiteNoise commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoTHANKS FOR THE FLOWERS, NOW FOR THE POT ;)http://whitenoiserants.webnode.com/news/media-induced-reality-/  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog