California should secede from the Union: a semi-modest proposal // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 212Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 73Corporations or politicians hurting America? 13The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 04, 2011| 28 commentsCalifornia should secede from the Union: a semi-modest proposalsource: http://www.scholarsandrogues.com/2011/01/03/california-should-secede-from-the-union-a-semi-m...An error occurred while setting up video display.hoosierdaddy added thisOne sympathizes with the people of the Golden State. They do contribute more in federal taxes than any other state, and the ideology of our times has us all convinced that paying taxes is the same thing as flushing perfectly good cash down the toilet. Were encouraged, at every turn, to think of taxes as pure cost instead of as investment. Its as though we dont get anything in return for this money. So we understand that many Californians feel a bit put-upon when the taxman cometh.Still, you cant help thinking that there has to be a better solution than closing schools, which are the lifeblood of any societys future. Where might the state find enough cash to cover its deficit without savaging the fabric of its vibrant culture?groups:News tags:Politics,Economy,Education,California,Taxes 1 more|28 comments// California should secede from the Union: a semi-modest proposalhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel+1JohnABest of luck, I'm all for it, but as a Mississippian I would warn Californians that it doesn't work out very well in the end.  The Union rather frowns on such things it seems. 4 days agoflag  reply+1sffsmessiahCalifornia should hold itself to a higher standard and boycott the retards who think clean air and water are bad for business. 5 days agoflag  reply0royuleryas a california indian, i have long wished for a return of the land.  that's not going to happen but i wish that there wasn't so much hatred tward indian casinos.  i also wish that i had a cut of the casino's money. 5 days agoflag  reply0randallr01Hogwash. The USA needs California, and California needs the USA. 5 days agoflag  reply0GISchmoInstead, can we just kick out a bunch of states. Mostly those blue ones in the middle of the country. Ha! 5 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  GISchmo:We can give then to Canada 5 days agoflag  reply-1Robotic091califonia should have more say in the house anyway the state has the biggest population in the US, and for every house rep cal has, it represents more people than some other big states like texas. and you really see the issues when you compare smaller states  like delaware, vermount, rhode island etc. but history dictats that equality for all state small and large 5 days agoflag  reply+1hammywill  Robotic091:The house is apportioned by Population, so California already DOES have more representatives than States with smaller populations. California already has more Representatives than any other state in Congress. So, I am not sure I follow your logic. 5 days agoflag  reply+1Robotic091  hammywill:tha senate is the equalizer it is the higher house between reps and senators so all small states are not drowned out. 5 days agoflag  reply0hammywill  Robotic091:It is the balance to the general populous. The House is proportioned by population and the Senate is proportioned by State. This is so California, Florida and New York are not the only States dictating the entirety of National Policy. Or do you think that California should decide the Laws for Rhode Island? 5 days agoflag  reply0Robotic091  hammywill:i simply think that when our state trys to move forward on a subject (like pot, climate change, gay marriage) and every other state that dosent have close to a quater of our population hold us to their standards, i like that there is something protecting them. it just seems conter-productive to some (not all) people in my state 4 days agoflag  reply0NiceNThe US is lucky that California is too loving and too empathetic to do such a thing. Not only is California one of the most tolerant states, but it also makes money and her people are quite intelligent. Also, if we didn't smoke the herb, we would run out of patience from all the racists, corrupt, and violence throughout the country. So expect Cali to secede when we run out of weed. 5 days agoflag  reply0bailey78I don't want California to anything but give me a title to my motorbike then they can do what ever they want. 5 days agoflag  reply-4trutGreat, the first state to be turned over to the mexicans. 5 days agoflag  reply+1Robotic091  trut:califonia is the most diverse state next to new york i think you should give credit to native americans, oriental, and african american populations all of which have 25% - 60% of each of those populations in our ONE state. 5 days agoflag  reply0s_peakMany other states (Almost all of them now) have made movements to secede from the union... which is completely within their constituional right. In fact... the only thing breaching the constitution is the federal government, the powers of which were granted BY THE STATES when it was formed. The Federal Gov tries to pretend that IT OWNS the states, when the opposite is true... and basically, the only reason for this is to create a bigger army so we can kill more people and generate more fear. I hope that all these states succeed. It's the first step towards our freedom. This gives me hope.For more:http://righttruth.typepad.com/right_truth/2007/10/a.htmland:http://factoidz.com/secede-the-10th-amendment-and-the-growing-secession-movement...Last I heard there were 41 states. Can anyone back up that number? I couldn't find a current list... but I did find some 404 messages! It's not easy to find information in the main stream, but there are videos and articles all over the place otherwise. 5 days agoflag  reply0bailey78  s_peak:The only State that has the right to secede from the union is Texas 5 days agoflag  reply-1s_peak  bailey78:the 10th Amendment:"The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people."The fed's powers are granted by the states. It is within the right of every state to take back this power if the federal government breaks any of the rules, which they do, all the time. Without the states and the constitution, the fed is nothing. We have the power and the rights, not them. 5 days agoflag  reply0Jake_Leonard  s_peak:I understand your point, and for the most part agree, but for discussion's sake, do you find no use for the federal/centralized government or oversight? What about  a certain level of revamping rather than abolition or secession? Indecision and latency plagues a republic or democracy. Those with the most power typically have the most speed to act. As it stands, with such a boisterous federal government, our political system is slow. 5 days agoflag  reply-1bailey78  s_peak:But Texas is still the only State that can secede from the union. Neither the Texas Constitution, nor the Constitution of the united States, explicitly or implicitly disallows the secession of Texas (or any other "free and independent State") from the United States.  Joining the "Union" was ever and always voluntary, rendering voluntary withdrawal an equally lawful and viable option (regardless of what any self-appointed academic, media, or government "experts"including Abraham Lincoln himselfmay have ever said). 5 days agoflag  reply0s_peak  bailey78:Ah... thanks Bailey. 5 days agoflag  reply0s_peak  Jake_Leonard:Solid question. I honestly just don't think there's anything we can do to revamp the federal gov. The slowness is in part because they're lying about where our money is going, but also because more structure isn't needed to achieve a working model of democracy... in fact, TRUE, participatory democracy basically becomes unattainable with the size of government we're currently under. That's why our voting process is fraudulent and we can't do anything about it. It's also (one reason) why none of our presidential candidates can ever get anything done, or why they only seem to keep giving out those corporate tax breaks (that is, if you believe in the power of the president, which I don't... there are only corporations. The president is a corporate front-man). When we have a federal government of this size, there's zero accountability for anything, and it's completely out of reach of the common man. At least on a state level we can call our representatives, and they are held at least SLIGHTLY more accountable for their actions... and it may even be possible to attain a position in state government without first having to be a billionaire, which isn't the case with the presidency. The federal gov is so huge, that any number of things can get "lost in the cracks" of this system (read: stolen). Like, oh, say, $1 trillion dollars in bailout money, taxes, etc, etc.The whole thing (the federal gov) is a sham, if you ask me... meant only to plump the army so that we can use fear to push our influence and consume resources to feed back into the military complex. This is all based on monetary influence, too... and always has been. The federal government is the blanket that keeps all the nasty corporations safe from the wrath of the people... while the corporations rob us blind. Again, there's no accountability. You think Alaska would have allowed oil drilling after deep water horizon exploded if they were the ones in charge of their own state? I have to say I doubt it... but Obama had those papers ready to go right after the disaster, and nobody could stop a damn thing. That's not progress, that's corporate greed unchecked... plain and simple.The system doesn't need more layers of complication, it needs less. The bigger the government, the further it is from the people. The people should have more control over time in a democracy (or at least the same amount), not less. That's pretty much crucial to democracy. 5 days agoflag  reply+6littlwarriorWe bail on the union, California, Washington, and Oregon, possibly Montana and parts of Idaho, bail! We leave all those right wing nut jobs behind. Ecotopia! 5 days agoflag  reply+1fun_size  littlwarrior:Can the Northeast come too? Pleaaaaase? 5 days agoflag  reply0Robotic091  fun_size:If you bring beer 5 days agoflag  reply0timetide  Robotic091:The northeast does make some good brews... 5 days agoflag  reply0Eddie_Miller  Robotic091:and don't forget pot 5 days agoflag  reply0fun_size  Robotic091:Done and done 5 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Too much fluoride in water! see all new stories videos on current tvWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!It's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Smoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-Dadefrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  13 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  21 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  30 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 WhiteNoise commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoTHANKS FOR THE FLOWERS, NOW FOR THE POT ;)http://whitenoiserants.webnode.com/news/media-induced-reality-/  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog