Forgotten - Missing ChildrenHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingKidsRunaways and Missing ChildrenForgotten - Missing ChildrenForgotten - Missing Children74rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy dashingclaireMissing and Exploited Children"While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about." Angela Schwindt As Americans we tend to feel a little comfortable reading a story of thousands of children kidnapped in China or some other country. The distance between the U.S. and China separates us from the reality that thousands of children are kidnapped right here at home in the United States. The Chinese story reads a thousand children, several as young as eight, have been kidnapped and sold to work as slaves. We are going to read the United States story. The problem of keeping our children safe encouraged Congress to act. The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children was created by Congress in 1984. NCMEC assisted law enforcement with more than 148,160 missing child cases, resulting in the recovery of more than 132,300 children. NCMEC staff includes former, career law enforcement officers with experience at federal, state, and local levels, as well as forensics experts, technologists, analysts, attorneys, and social workers. In 2007 in the United States there were 44,501,051 children ages 0-10 years. In the 11-17 age group there were 29,400,682 . (Puzzanchera, C., Sladky, A. and Kang, W. (2008). "Easy Access to Juvenile Populations: 1990-2007." Online. Available: http://www.ojjdp.ncjrs.gov/ojstatbb/ezapop/ ) Never ForgetFrom the time she was an 11-year-old, blue-eyed, freckle-faced blonde until she was a 29-year-old woman with two children, Jaycee Dugard was kept locked away in a backyard compound of sheds. Kidnapped, repeatedly raped and forced to give birth to her kidnappers children. The kidnapper is a convicted sex offenses and rapist. Phillip Garrido, Nancy Garrido, Jaycee Lee Dugard, Please Click http://getsnoop.com/getv/ To Watch a Full High Quality Video For Free, Phillip Garrido, Nancy Garrido, Jaycee Lee Dugard. I Know My First Name Is Steven  , also released as The Missing Years  , 1989, directed by Larry Elikann is the true story of Steven Stayner, who was abducted by Kenneth Parnell at age 7 and sexually abused for seven years before being reunited with his family. National Estimates of Missing Children Key findings presented in the NISMART Bulletin National Estimates of Missing Children: An Overview  include the following:The total number of children who were missing from their caretakers in 1999 (i.e., their caretakers did not know their whereabouts and were alarmed for at least an hour while trying to locate them) is estimated to be 1,315,600. Nearly all of the caretaker missing children (1,312,800 or 99.8 percent) were returned home alive or located by the time the study data were collected. Only a fraction of a percent (0.2 percent or 2,500) of all caretaker missing children had not returned home or been located, and the vast majority of these were runaways from institutions who had been identified in the survey of juvenile residential facilities. The number of missing children who were reported missing in 1999 (i.e., reported to the police or missing childrens agencies in order to locate them) was estimated to be 797,500, which is equivalent to a rate of 11.4 children per 1,000 in the U.S. population. Most of the caretaker missing children became missing because they ran away (48 percent) or because of benign misunderstandings or miscommunications about where they should be (28 percent). Children who were missing because they became lost or injured accounted for 15 percent of all caretaker missing children. Less than one-tenth (9 percent) of caretaker missing children were abducted by family members, and only 3 percent were abducted by nonfamily perpetrators.  Nonfamily Abducted Children Key findings presented in the NISMART Bulletin Nonfamily Abducted Children: National Estimates and Characteristics  include the following:During the study year, there were an estimated 115 stereotypical kidnappings, defined as abductions perpetrated by a stranger or slight acquaintance and involving a child who was transported 50 or more miles, detained overnight, held for ransom or with intent to keep the child permanently, or killed. In 40 percent of stereotypical kidnappings, the child was killed, and in another 4 percent, the child was not recovered. An estimated 58,200 children were victims of nonfamily abduction, defined more broadly to include all nonfamily perpetrators (friends and acquaintances as well as strangers) and crimes involving lesser amounts of forced movement or detention, in addition to the more serious crimes entailed in stereotypical kidnappings. Fifty-seven percent of children abducted by a nonfamily perpetrator were missing from caretakers for at least 1 hour, and 21 percent of the abducted children were reported to the police for help in locating the children. Teenagers were, by far, the most frequent victims of both stereotypical kidnappings and nonfamily abductions. Nearly half of all child victims of stereotypical kidnappings and nonfamily abductions were sexually assaulted by the perpetrator.  Children Abducted by Family Members Key findings presented in the NISMART Bulletin Children Abducted by Family Members: National Estimates and Characteristics  include the following:An estimated 203,900 children were victims of a family abduction in 1999. Among these, 117,200 were missing from their caretakers, and, of these, an estimated 56,500 were reported to authorities for assistance in locating the children. Forty-three percent of the family abducted children were not considered missing by their caretakers because the caretakers knew the childrens whereabouts or were not alarmed by the circumstances. Forty-four percent of family abducted children were younger than age 6. Fifty-three percent of family abducted children were abducted by their biological father, and 25 percent were abducted by their biological mother. Forty-six percent of family abducted children were gone less than a week, and 21 percent were gone 1 month or more. Six percent had not yet returned at the time of the survey interview.  Save the Children See all 9 photosStatue entitled "The White Slave" Sculptor-Abastenia St Leger Eberle 1913  Wealthy Landowner Making Love to a Boy" Mid nineteenth century Silk painting F. M. Bertholet Collection"Guitar Lesson", 1934, oil on canvasNational Incidence StudiesApproximately every ten years the US Department of Justice conducts a study of missing child cases in the United States. The latest, National Incidence Studies of Missing, Abducted, Runaway and Thrownaway Children -- 2003 (NISMART-2), was published in October 2003. Before we continue, lets take a closer look at the report title. We can understand the missing, abducted and runaway children better than the thrownaway. The number of U.S. youth projected to have experienced a runaway/thrownaway episode in 1999 is 1,682,900. An estimated 628,900, or 37 percent of those, were caretaker missing children. No more than an anticipated 357,600 youth, or 21 percent of all runaways/ thrownaways, were reported missing to police or to a missing childrens agency for reasons of finding them. Estimated on 17 indicators of damage or impending threat, 1,190,900 of the runaway/thrownaway youth (71 percent) were anticipated to be endangered.  According to NISMART-2 the information on endangered runaways/ thrownaways presents a picture of a huge quantity of youth afflicted from drug problems and physical or sexual abuse. Disturbing numbers of runaways/thrownaways are in the party of violent, sexually exploiting, or drug-abusing travel companion or suffer an actual or attempted assault while away from home. These children are unmistakably among the subgroups of runaways/thrownaways in utmost necessity of assistancehelp that goes far beyond simply finding their location and sending them back to their homes. In actuality, for some youth, such as the physically and sexually abused, being sent back to their homes may enlarge rather than alleviate their danger. For this rationale, any law enforcement reply to runaway/thrownaway children should include a strong social service and mental health module that can attend to the child mistreatment, family conflict, substance abuse, and traumatic stress that precipitate and complicate these episodes. Runaways/thrownaways comprise the largest section of children reported missing to authorities. They make up almost half (45 percent) of all children reported missing and significantly minimize the children who are reported missing because of family or nonfamily abduction or who are lost or injured.  AMBER AlertWEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2002 WWW.USDOJ.GOV Press Release: AMBER - America's Missing: Broadcast Emergency Response - was created in 1996 as a legacy to 9-year-old Amber Hagerman, who was kidnapped while riding her bicycle in Arlington, Texas and then brutally murdered. After this heinous crime, Dallas-Fort Worth broadcasters teamed with local police to develop an early warning system to help find abducted children.From a updated Tuesday, October 14, 2008 http://www.ojp.gov Press Release: 426 Children Safely Recovered Since Program Began. More than 300 AMBER Alert Coordinators from all 50 states, tribal communities, U.S. territories, the District of Columbia, Canada and Mexico met at the conference to receive additional training and discuss ways to improve and enhance the current AMBER Alert Program. The conference highlights Child Abduction Response Teams (CART) and individual state training tracks and sessions geared toward participants working to bring the AMBER Alert program to Native American communities.The goal of an AMBER Alert is too instantly galvanize the entire community to assist in the search for and safe recovery of the child. Every day review the active list of missing children and broadcast via your social network like Facebook and Twitter, as well as emails. We are so willing to forward noise and spam over the Internet, let us forward something important.  Are Sex Offenders Living Near Your Children?Sex offender is a broad label, with sexual predator often being used to describe a more severe physical or repeat sexual offense. An individual may be labeled a "sexual predator" if their crime involves the internet in any way. Each state in the United States defines the term "sex offender". Several U.S. states place restrictions on where convicted sex offenders may live after their release. They are prohibited from living within a designated distance of schools and daycare centers. Sex Offender can live anywhere if they are using the Internet.The Dru Sjodin National Sex Offender Public Website, coordinated by the U.S. Department of Justice, is a joint endeavor between the jurisdictional agencies hosting public sexual offender registries and the federal government. The Website is a search tool permitting a user to submit a solitary national query to obtain information about sex offenders through a number of search options. The conditions for searching are restricted to what each individual state may provide. The federal government does not provide the information. The states provide the information. Therefore all results should be verified. Searchers are warned to visit the corresponding state Websites for further information and/or guidance, as appropriate.  Work CitedChild Pornography: A Closer Look By Michelle K. Collins, Director, Exploited Child Unit (NCMEC), Police Chief Magazine March 2007 Communications: Hurricanes Katrina and Rita Missing Persons Hotline: Harnessing Technology to Reunite Families By Ben Ermini, Executive Director of Case Management Operations (NCMEC Retired), Police Chief Magazine March 2006 Finkelhor, D., Hotaling, G., and Sedlak, A. 1990. Missing, Abducted, Runaway, and Thrownaway Children in America. First Report: Numbers and Characteristics National Incidence Studies. Washington, DC: U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Justice Programs, Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention. National Center for Health Statistics (2008). Estimates of the July 1, 2000-July 1, 2007, United States resident population from the Vintage 2007 postcensal series by year, county, age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. [Released 9/5/2008; Retrieved 9/1/2009]. Prepared under a collaborative arrangement with the U.S. Census Bureau. Available online from http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/about/major/dvs/popbridge/popbridgePuzzanchera, C., Sladky, A. and Kang, W. (2008). "Easy Access to Juvenile Populations: 1990-2007Sedlak, A.J., and Broadhurst, D.D. 1996. Third National Incidence Study of Child Abuse and Neglect: Final Report. Washington, DC: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. U.S. Census Bureau. 2000. Monthly Postcensal Resident Population, by Single Year of Age, Sex, Race, and Hispanic Origin (e9899rmp.txt, e9999rmp.txt, and e9900rmp.txt). Web site: www.census.gov/popest/archives/1990s/nat_monthly_resident.html.Children Victims Statistics - Yello DynoNon-fearful, musically-based products and programs build confidence and educate children on how to protect themselves from child abuse, abduction, molestation, bullies, date rape and school violence.Federal Bureau of Investigation - Kidnappings and Missing Persons InvestigationsFederal Bureau of Investigation - Parental Kidnappingshttp://www.ncjrs.gov/pdffiles1/ojjdp/214383.pdfInformation on sexual assault was gathered from NISMART2 interviews with victims and their families.http://www.ncjrs.gov/pdffiles1/ojjdp/206180.pdfProvides information on the numbers and characteristics of two groups not often recognized in the literature on missing children: children involuntarily missing because they were lost or injured and those missing because of a benign explanation suchForgotten - Missing Children in the NewsCOPS, COURTS AND CALLSAlbany Times Union13 hours agoA sex offender who police said had been tattooing juveniles for at least a year was charged with misdemeanors and a felony on Saturday. Jose Dones, 35, a Level 3 sex offender, was charged with two counts of misdemeanor endangering the welfare of a child, two counts of misdemeanor unlawfully dealing with a child and felony failing to register as a sex offender. Police said an investigation by the ...New year brings new laws for pot possession, missing children, domestic violenceThe Healdsburg Tribune5 days agoDomestic violence, sex offenders, and missing persons are among the most significant issues addressed in a slew of new laws effective Jan. 1, 2011.Man guilty of underage, consensual sex with 14-year-old girlThe North Bay Nugget3 days agoA 21-year-old man didn't use protection when he had consensual sex with an underage girl, convincing her he was sterile until she became pregnant with his son, a North Bay court heard Wednesday.[...]Asian sex gangs: 'Culture of silence' allows grooming of white girls for fear of being racistDaily Mail3 days agoIn a new report, researchers at the Jill Dando Institute of Security and Crime Science concluded that most men convicted of on-street grooming were Pakistani.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Participate - Change the WorldThe Nobel Peace Prize Goes to President Barack ObamaCommentsWaren E16 months ago Kids are so helpless and easily put away in the back of the mind,it would seem most people only really care when it's their kids on the line and some people don't care at all whats happening in the world today!A very vital and informative hub dashingclaire,God bless!angelfrmcanada16 months ago Yes so very informative! Noticed one picture is not showing. Is that you're or the sites picture that has red X in the corner?dashingclaire16 months ago Didn't see any problems with the pictures. Thanks angelfrmcanadaThanks for your comment Warren E. Our children are our future - all the children! We should take better care of this gift.KyonSOS2316 months ago Thank you for share hub but I can't read to finish because I sadden.dashingclaire16 months ago KyonSOS23 it's a sad story, but needed to be told. Thanksfortunerep15 months ago Absolutely great hub!!  I wonder if this child, now woman will ever recover from her ordeal and what she must have been thinking, that no one was looking for her.  It is so sad, sometimes I think law enforcement gives up too easily, that is why I try so hard to write about all missing kids and spread the word, I don't want them to think they are forgotten. Thanks for this great hub,doridashingclaire15 months ago Dear fortunerep, Thank you for your comments. You are right, there are so many children out there that may think they are forgotten. With no children we have no future. Thank you for remembering, caring and spreading the word for these children!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesMissing and Exploited Children: Overview and Policy ConcernsAmazon Price: $70.98List Price: $33.00The Lost Daughters of China: Abandoned Girls, Their Journey to America, and Their Search for a Missing PastAmazon Price: $4.50List Price: $23.95Runaways (The Orphans)Amazon Price: $1.28List Price: $7.9990dashingclaireFrom United States203 Followers141 HubsJoined 18 months agoRead more hubs by dashingclaireContact dashingclaireFollow dashingclaireSubscribe to dashingclaire's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk dashingclaire a question based on this Hub.Related Questionsmy children were kidnapped by their mother and there living with a pedophile as far as i know...asked by ziul28 11 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionOwn Flesh And Blood: Why Do Mothers Abuse Their Children?asked by ngureco 17 months ago11 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsPicture of Jaycee Lee Dugard?by DorsiTaken, The Reality Behind the Movieby Faybe BayThe Biggest Growing Problem/Human Traffickingby jessicabThe Mind of a Sexually Abused Childby Sa ToyaIncest in the Familyby dashingclaireMale Massage: It's Not Really About the Massageby wavechild Kids ForumTopicRepliesIt's really bad! posted by LoveNiceRice2lifeposted by kentomck3Thoughts as a Childposted by Leann Zarah39Post a new topic49 more topics Tagsadvice family children education kids mother Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 2.376 sec)  working