PERFECTIONISM: Pleasure or Pain?HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and SciencePsychology and PsychiatryPERFECTIONISM: Pleasure or Pain?PERFECTIONISM: Pleasure or Pain?85rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy mrs know it allPerfectionist Gordon RamseyMisconceptions We hear the word perfectionist and perfectionism  thrown around almost daily.  We use it generically, to amusingly describe a behavior in which we, or someone we know, has nit-picked or fine-tuned a task beyond the expected norm.  We may refer to ourselves as perfectionists, apologetically or jokingly  to excuse, or offer explanation for why something we did is particularly detailed.The truth is, real perfectionism is no laughing matter. While we may even jest about it ourselves, we are often covering up a stressful, and yes, even painful condition that we have little or no control over.  It is a struggle, for many, including myself - every day.Some who do not have perfectionist tendencies may not understand what a perfectionist is.  They may assume, from the name  that it means that one literally thinks that they do things perfectly, or that they are capable of doing things perfectly.   While perfectionists may excel in areas, this assumption generally is far from the truth.   Many perfectionists are, in fact, unhappy, much of the time  because they believe that whatever the current task at hand is, it did not get done to its best (ideal, perfect potential). Perfectionists are often the opposite of what they want to be - disorganized, feeling out-of-control, and will procrastinate important priorities in order to achieve perfection on another, less important task.  Their own perceived failure to achieve the desired perfection, often results in feelings of frustration, and even low self-worth.  Consequently, the perfectionist moves from one task to another, hoping to achieve the desired effect- sometimes feeling satisfied, sometimes not  but not ever achieving what is what we seek most in our lives - contentment and peace.   What Exactly is Perfectionism?Perfectionism, simply defined in psychological terms, is a belief that perfection can and should be attained. There is different degrees of perfectionism, beginning with a slight idiosyncratic tendency, and others suffering from extreme pathological levels, when the perception is that perfection will NEVER be attained and anything less is unacceptable.  In extrem cases, the individual constantly suffers by engaging in fruitless efforts to achieve what ultimately cannot, be achieved. Hamachek (cited by Parker & Adkins 1994) describes two types of perfectionism. Normal perfectionists "derive a very real sense of pleasure from the labors of a painstaking effort" while neurotic perfectionists are "unable to feel satisfaction because in their own eyes they never seem to do things good enough to warrant that feeling". Burns (also in Parker & Adkins 1994) defines perfectionists as "people who strain compulsively and unremittingly toward impossible goals and who measure their own worth entirely in terms of productivity and accomplishment".[1]Most of us that categorize ourselves as perfectionists fall somewhere in the middle of these two extremes. Whatever the severity  I speak from experience in saying that it is an uncomfortable place to be in.  While temporary from one task to the next, it often causes unnecessary stress whether or not the outcome is positive or negative. Perfectionist Hillary ClintonIs There Such a Thing as "Good" Perfectionism?This is debatable, because while there is such a thing as healthier levels of perfectionism, all perfectionism can obstruct us from successes in life.  On the positive side - perfectionism can drive people to accomplishments and provide the motivation to persevere in the face of discouragement and obstacles.   Some studies show that some driven perfectionists are less likely to procrastinate; but that usually means for a specific task they are driven to complete.  High-achieving athletes, scientists, and artists often show signs of perfectionism.  Perfectionism is associated with giftedness in children.  There are  many successful, famous, and wealthy perfectionists.   Another name has been given to highly functioning and perceived successful perfectionists:   INTJ, or Introverted- Intuitive-Thinking Judging, which you can read more about here: http://www.typelogic.com/intj.html Functioning perfectionists are viewed as talented, persevering, charming, admirable, smart, and have specific talents in given areas that others admire. This is where I believe the misconceptions begin.  What others dont see, is the discomfort that the person endures during the process of attaining their goals (and in the perfectionists eyes, they've usually not attained it completely to their satisfaction).  Often others perceive the perfectionist as being humble because they make self-depreciating comments, such as oh, I could have done better or "it's not my best". The reality is, they are frustrated that they worked so hard and didnt finish, or truly believe that the task (and subconciously, themselves) is not quite good enough.   Ask any of these highly driven, successful (sometimes famous) perfectionists if they have reached contentment or peace in their life  and Im not sure you would get a definitive answer.   Another Perfectionist - Howie MandellWhat's So Bad About Perfectionism?Perfectionism in itself is not necessarily a bad thing.  But often what happens, is that one becomes so focused on the task at hand, they fail to view the bigger picture as it needs to be seen. Or worse, they inadvertently neglect things that may be equally or more important that the task in which they are engaging.  This can trickle into career, family, marriage, and other relationships. In example, while a perfectionist may be good at their job, they may never be promoted because they are unable to let go of things that they perceive they can do better (more perfect).  Perfectionists have trouble with delegation, and often are not effective multi-taskers (although they may think they are).  This is because they are focused on what they do.  While they may be praised for a job well done, they may find themselves limited to middle management or lower because of their inability to broaden the scope of their perspective.  More disappointing, is that the perfectionist may never be told these things, and will feel a subliminal low self-worth due to their immobility. They will continue attempts to perform their already-near-perfect-work  even more perfectly, to no result.Perfectionists are their own worst critics, as well. This causes a great many problems, because what many people may view as normal constructive criticism, a perfectionist takes to great heart.   You may have experienced trying to help someone that was a perfectionist improve on something that was obvious to you  only to met with hostility, defensiveness, or hurt feelings. This is because the perfectionist has already spent a lifetime recovering mentally from their always trying to measure up wounds from childhood, and their current Im not perfect but try every day quest to overcome those old wounds.  Perfectionists have difficulty hearing anything negative from a peer, family member or friend.   It is largely rooted in the cause of their perfectionism, and every comment about their performance forces them to revisit their feelings of potential inadequacy.  Perfectionists may suffer from depression, anxiety  and often engage in addictive behaviors to relieve their unending stress, including alcoholism, eating disorders, and drugs.  Many perfectionists have OCD (obsessive-compulsive disorder) combined with perfectionism, and some are even suicidal.   How often have you heard of a celebrity that this happened to?  You may have thought, but I dont understand, they were so successful.    Just take a look at this list of perfectionist athletes with current or former eating disorders:http://www.casapalmera.com/articles/stories-of-famous-athletes-with-eating-disorders/What Causes Perfectionism?Generally, perfectionism runs in families.  More painful cases are often a result of having highly authoritative parents, or parents that are narcissistic and offer only conditional love.  There is too much to cover on these subjects, so I will save details on that for another article.  Me - a perfectionist, daughter of a perfectionist, &  my firstborn son, still anotherWhen Perfect Isn't Good Enough: Strategies for Coping With PerfectionismAmazon Price: $10.96List Price: $17.95Perfectionism: What's Bad About Being Too GoodAmazon Price: $4.49List Price: $13.99I Thought It Was Just Me (but it isn't): Telling the Truth About Perfectionism, Inadequacy, and PowerAmazon Price: $9.24List Price: $16.00Present Perfect: A Mindfulness Approach to Letting Go of Perfectionism and the Need for ControlAmazon Price: $9.76List Price: $16.95The Good News:  A Note to My ReadersI have done a significant amount of self-healing in therapy and through books over the years to learn about this condition and its causes.  Were it not for that work in counseling, I would not be the successful person I am today (nor would I be able to say the words "I am successful").  Most importantly, I know I am practicing behaviors in my parenting style that will be better for my children, so they do not suffer- and will be raised in an environment where their presence will be celebrated and they (hopefully) will enjoy positive self-esteem.  If you are suffering from levels of perfectionism that cause you to be distracted from a good quality of life, I highly recommend you seek professional counseling and work on your family of origin. With awareness, hard work, and a willingness to change, you can be even more successful in your life than you ever dreamed.  You can learn to use your personality trait to your advantage, and learn how to manage the stress so it doesnt overtake your life.Your children will exhibit signs of perfectionism at a very young age.  It is important to educate yourself and be equipped for helping him or her learn how to use this trait positively and to cope with their feelings.   If you dont work on it for yourself, do it for your children.  There are some good resources at Amazon that I've posted above, and additional sources on the web - some of which I've posted links to below.  Your children will be grateful.[1] Parker, W. D. & Adkins, K. K. (1994). Perfectionism and the gifted. Roeper Review, 17 (3), 173-176.Great Help & Understanding for PerfectionistsPerfectionism: A Double-Edged SwordWebsit from the University of Texas that explains in great detail various areas of perfectionism, causes, help, etc.Perfectionism: When Excellence Isn't Good EnoughGreat article that references children and their relationship with perfectionism.One Stop Mommy Shop: Help for Perfectionist ParentsMore lighthearted & realistic help for perfectionists managing their families day to day. Free recipes, organizational ideas & activities for children.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful CommentsPaul Mobley2 years ago Though brief, I think you have examined the subject well. Another problem is that we may perform a task to near perfection today, and that is enough. Tomorrow is another day and the level may go up for us, but it should never become pathological.  Doing our best each day is a good rule to remember. Good article, and well done.mrs know it all2 years ago Thank you Paul, for your comments. It is a difficult subject to summarize!  I suspect many readers and hubbers here suffer from at least some form of this.  Good points, I like the rule.stephhicks682 years ago Yikes!  I read a hub about... me!  Yes, I suffer from this, and truly do suffer.  I procrastinate and cannot move onto the next task because the first one is not good enough.  I berate myself endlessly for not being perfect.  And what did you say about criticism?  Oh yes!  True, true.  Thanks for a great article.  I will come back and check out those links and books.  I need a refresher course!  Thanks!mrs know it all2 years ago Steph, thanks for stopping in.  It's nice for us to know we're not alone, especially here.  Here's to healing, every day. :)Blogger Mom2 years ago Ah, I go through phases of perfectionism.  Does that count?  One week I aim for perfect, the next week I'm satisfied with just getting by.  Hopefully that means I've created a happy medium for myself. =)  Thanks for the great info!MasonsMom2 years ago Well written and revealing article! I am a perfectionist as well (so is my Mom) and so many aspects of this article spoke to me. Only recently have I become aware that my perfectionism could be dragging me down a bit--I've always thought it was a good thing.I won't start a project unless I know I can finish it--and finish it correctly. If that means letting something pile up until it's unbearable and even ridiculous, then I'll let it go until I have time and effort to do it the "right" way.Also, I just want to forward this to my boss and say--See--it's not my fault! :) LOLmrs know it all2 years ago Blogger Mom, I'd say it counts if your desire to be perfect, when you are feeling that way - causes you stress.  So you get my sympathy vote, if that's the case. :) I think having children forces us to loosen up a bit, if we truly want to be good parents.  Sounds to me like you do that.  It could have gotten worse and you chose a different path.  Glad you've found balance.Masons Mommy, I hear you on the piling up of projects because the thought of them being half a**ed just won't do.  For that very reason, I'm LOL b/c my very highest pile is one that you are a perfectionist at - PHOTOGRAPHS!  I have (seriously), two huge plastic underbed containers full of photos that, one day, I will "perfectly" organize into those beautiful scrapbooks you are so good at.  Hopefully your hubs will still be here when I'm up for the task.. =)Thank you for your comments, it is so nice to hear your perspectives.MOmmagus2 years ago I love Hell's Kitchen with psycho Gordan Ramsey.  Sure, he could probably change with mental health treatment and lots of medication, but then the show would suck!  good hub.mrs know it all2 years ago Mommagus, I couldn't agree more (grinning)LdsNana-AskMormon2 years ago Thank you.  I really enjoyed this hub about the problems of perfectionism.  I can't say that I am a perfectionist, but perhaps a wanna be at times.  lolBetter yet, I have found that allowing myself a bit of space for my many imperfections, is more on the healthy side of life for me.It helps keep me sane:-)tDMgLdsNana-AskMormon Idris20 months ago Good and very revealing article! I am a perfectionist as well (so is my daughter) and so many aspects of this article spoke about me. Only recently have I become aware that my perfectionism could be dragging me down a bit--I've always thought it been a good thing.I always make my boss regret with my idea. All the marvellous ideas has up to his head but I did not accomplish and to make him proud out of it. I love to judge people negatively for no reason, which I should look at a brighter side of a person, his bad things.alittlebitcrazy17 months ago Interesting hub. I think everyone has a little bit of perfectionism in them. I think I have too much. Thanks for the fun read!GoingCrazy6911 months ago I'm 18 and a perfectionist, it really sucks for multiple reasons1) when i do something like a task at work, I'll spend wayyy too much time trying to do it well, perfectly.. and then I fall behind on other jobs .. my boss will tell me great job on that first thing, but nothing else is done.. i was this way with school work and sometimes just didnt do things because i knew i'd spend too much time on it, as an artist i find my pictures are never finished and can always be better, i can never accept them as done.2) when i get stressed out, which happens a lot because I'm always falling behind, I get that mood where every little thing bugs me, and I start to think about all the things that aren't perfect with the world, and I get really pissed off and somewhat depressed. Sometimes I will just sit and think of a perfect world which makes me even more depressed.3) I think of how perfect things could be, like not having to go to work, just being handed wads of cash and buying anything i want, (having a perfect life) and it makes me not want to work, and when I can't afford the things I want, I go even more crazy..overall being a perfectionist just leads to tons of other problems like clinical depression, non-stop thoughts of life, trouble sleeping, I know I'm otherwise normal and have a lot of great traits but I still am shy and don't like myself somewhat and now I feel insane, I also do things that could be considered OCD I guess, like punctuating sentences and spelling words right even on msn/text messages.. no matter how many backspaces it takes.. and I can't just enjoy things, for ex. if I find a song I like it makes me want to make a list of every song I ever liked, same with foods, activities, things I like, things I don't like or find imperfect with life.. and if making something perfect is impossible, like organizing my music collection and having all my favourite songs in one place, all organized by name, with album art .. it drives me even more nuts and I just want to give up, and in a way I want to give up on life .. it really sucks and idk what to do.. until I wrote this I didn't realize how many of my problems were linked to being a perfectionist, I thought I could have several mental illness :P I'd like it to stop but if you think about it it's really hard because whats better then being perfect?bob9 months ago perfectionism sucksRisa4 months ago I am married to a perfectionist, for 28 years.  His family is this way and they all have OCD.  His mother is a hoarder.  He has damaged both our relationship, and the relationships he has with both of his sons.  He will not get help.  I am at my wits end.  He has alot of redeaming qualities, thus the 28 years, but his need to be in control is just driving me crazy.  And I can't talk to him about any of it cause it just makes him angry.  He refuses to ever apologize or recognize any error on his part.  I know that he doesn't want to be this way, but he can't help himself.  He can no longer handle any stress in his life and because of that he is paralized.  An so am I!Katrina3 days ago Reading this made me feel good about myself that I am not crazy after all! It's comforting to know that there are people like me who suffer setbacks from being a perfectionist.The sad thing about being a control freak is that satisfaction doesn't come handy, because no matter what I do even if I've given all my best, I will always feel that it's not enough or that I could have done so much better.I will not elaborate further but I do get agitated with the smallest of tasks when it's not done the way I like it. With this OC behavior, I have the tendency to neglect more important tasks because I like doing everything to perfection in all aspects of my life, whether big or small.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites89mrs know it allFrom The Windy City Suburbs111 Followers9 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by mrs know it allContact mrs know it allFollow mrs know it allSubscribe to mrs know it all's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk mrs know it all a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsNursery Interview Questions for Parents: What does your child like the most?asked by soni2006 5 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionTips to parents in choosing a child care center serviceasked by MM Del Rosario 3 years ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsTips for Reducing Stressby Kathryn VercilloFatigue - A Treatable Fact Of Lifeby UrsulaRosePoem About Pleasure and Painby CagsilEmotional Child Abuse and Finding My Inner Childby Enlydia ListenerLower Your Stressby Patty Inglish, MSCommon First-Time Parenting Mistakes  Underdiscipline...by clivechung Psychology and Psychiatry ForumTopicRepliesWhat Is The Difference Between Knowing and Believing?posted by Cagsil70Recovering from Dysfunctional Familiesposted by kalixao22Is Carl Jung relevant.posted by Arthur Fontes23Post a new topic15 more topics Tagshealth life advice family children parenting Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.659 sec)  working