Everything Is Falling Apart: 20 Facts That You Will Not Want To Read If You Still Want To Feel Good About America's Decaying Infrastructure // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 212Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 73Corporations or politicians hurting America? 13The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 04, 2011| 25 commentsEverything Is Falling Apart: 20 Facts That You Will Not Want To Read If You Still Want To Feel Good About America's Decaying Infrastructuresource: http://theeconomiccollapseblog.com/archives/everything-is-falling-apart-20-facts-that-you-wi...An error occurred while setting up video display.Revelation1217 added thisIf you haven't noticed lately, America is literally falling apart all around us.  Decaying infrastructure is everywhere.  Our roads and bridges are crumbling and are full of holes.  Our rail system is ancient.  Our airports and runways have definitely seen their better days.  Aging sewer systems all over the country are leaking raw sewage all over the place.  The power grid is straining to keep up with the ever-increasing thirst of the American people for electricity.  Dams are failing at an unprecedented rate.  Virtually all of our ports are handling far more traffic than they were ever intended to handle.  Meanwhile, our national spending on infrastructure is way down.  Back during the 1950s and 1960s we were spending between 3 and 4 percent of our national GDP on infrastructure, but today we are spending less than 2.5 percent of our national GDP on it.  According to the American Society of Civil Engineers, we need to spend approximately $2.2 trillion on infrastructure repairs and upgrades just to bring our existing infrastructure up to "good condition".groups:News tags:News,Politics,Business,Economics,infrastructure,Political,tea party,Conservative 4 more|25 comments// Everything Is Falling Apart: 20 Facts That You Will Not Want To Read If You Still Want To Feel Good About America's Decaying Infrastructurehide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0GeorgeCarlin77It makes me sad......so many people in denial.Lost, to be washed away in the sands of time............There are many clues and people can't see.Information is power! 3 days agoflag  reply-1oppressed1But wait i thought the trillion dollars we spent was going to rebuild the infrastructure with shovel ready jobs! 4 days agoflag  reply0Itsbatman_Durrthis is a perfect chance to not only stimulate the economy with new jobs, but upgrade into more green tech.. all it would take is cuts in the already overblown military expenditures.. not a single new tax would have to be raised. so of course it will not happen. 4 days agoflag  reply+1tverdellIf OBama was going to have a New Deal initiative he would have started it already when he had the Congress.I have no idea what he is thinking in regards to a recovery.Israel, Japan and China have the stronghold in green technology and development.WTF? 4 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  tverdell:He started in the second week of October. 4 days agoflag  reply+1tommictax cuts will never solve the infrastructure problem, Many cities water delivery systems are over one hundred years old,  leaking as much as they deliver, electrical grids, most were built in the 1950' and 60's and are woefully out of date and subject to overloads should a solar storm come our way, highways and bridges, civil engineers have rated as D- meaning they are in danger of failing.The rich who pay shit for taxes  Warren Buffet only paid 17% of his income in taxes legally because he has the very best tax attorney's and accountants, even he thinks its wrong, his secretary paid a greater percentage than him. So wake up America or one day the bridge your on will fail, or you'll be electocuted when high tension power lines fall, or crushed when the tunnels collapse. Its not doom and gloom its reality. But the only reality America knows is survivor, dance with stars, and american idol. Now thats the dumbing down of America. Its not funny 4 days agoflag  reply0oppressed1  tommic:WE have spent nearly a trillion dollars, money that was supposed to be infrastructure pet projects. Exactly where did all the money go? 4 days agoflag  reply+1maasanovaBailouts, military budgets, theater wars ect. The things that are going on with the economy aren't happening by accident, nor are these the mistakes of some bumbling, hapless economists and politicians.Money doesn't disappear, it simply changes hands. But to whose hands?Americans should be asking "where is the money," but they aren't. They are worried about fake Al Qaeda, professional sports and Hollywood and all manner of nonsense. 4 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  maasanova:Most of that money doesn't really exist, it is virtual money. 4 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  Vierotchka:You're right V. Maybe wealth is a better word; physical assets and property are even more accurate.Where's it going? 4 days agoflag  reply+1shroomfairyThe US is failing, we are repeating history of other great empires that fell, but haven't learned any lessons. I love being American, but more and more it looks like leaving would be better than staying. 4 days agoflag  reply0KSirysThe great US of A!  think today, not tomorrow!! 5 days agoflag  reply+1Sparky2UThe shit is about to hit the proverbial fan. Be prepared to support your families and learn to live off the land. 2010 is going to be an awakening and it won't be pretty. The scam that is the federal reserve ponzi scheme is about to reap havoc on the economy.  Pray for guidance and help folks. 5 days agoflag  reply0treewolf39  Sparky2U:Note. 2010 is over and I still hear snoring.  I hope 2011 has a better alarm clock. 4 days agoflag  reply+2bailey78we are so screwed the average person has no idea how close to a third world country we really are. All it would take is for a big attack on our power grid. 5 days agoflag  reply0vicgalwe need to get busy 5 days agoflag  reply+1VierotchkaI had already noticed that on my first visit to the US in 1984, and ten years later, on my second visit, I noticed that it was much worse. If nothing has been done since then, I fear greatly for the safety of my large family living there. 5 days agoflag  reply+2onemaleflado i smell the new deal part 2? 5 days agoflag  reply0Vierotchka  onemalefla:http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2010-10-11/obama-says-crumbling-transport-infrastr...Obama Says `Crumbling' Infrastructure Hinders GrowthPresident Barack Obama proposed a $50 billion transportation spending program that he said would boost jobs in the construction, manufacturing and retail industries and help rebuild the nations infrastructure.Crumbling roads, bridges, airports and rail lines are hindering U.S. economic growth, Obama said after meeting with members of his Cabinet, former transportation secretaries, as well as governors and mayors from around the country.Obamas remarks, promoting his infrastructure spending plan announced last month, came the week after New Jersey Governor Chris Christie canceled construction of a commuter-rail tunnel link to New York, citing cost overruns on the $8.7 billion project.A report by the Treasury Department and White House Council of Economic Advisers said that about 90 percent of the new jobs in those three segments of the economy would fall in the middle- class range. The construction industry, where unemployment exceeds 17 percent, would benefit the most, with 61 percent of the jobs created. The unemployment rate is 9.6 percent nationally.For years we have deferred tough decisions on rebuilding transportation systems, Obama said. It should not take another collapsing bridge or failing levee to shock us into action.Competitive EdgeThe infrastructure spending also will keep the U.S. competitive with other nations that are investing in systems to move goods and information.Obama, who outlined the plan last month in Milwaukee, said today that the European Union and China spend more on roads, rails and related projects than does the U.S.Theyre creating jobs today, but theyre also playing to win tomorrow, Obama said. The bottom line is our shortsightedness has come due. We can no longer afford to sit still.Representative John Mica, the top Republican on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, criticized the plan for being too little, too late and postponing a long-term surface transportation spending bill.Unfortunately this last minute report is a pitiful and tardy political excuse for the administration having killed last year any chance for a long-term transportation measure, Mica, of Florida, said in a statement. Even more astounding is their regurgitation and attempted justification of a $50 billion spending proposal while more than 60 percent of the stimulus infrastructure dollars remain unspent.MomentumTodays White House meeting was called to keep the momentum and the drumbeat going, so when Congress comes back, hopefully one of their priorities will be $50 billion, and then next year, the six-year plan of about $500 billion, Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood told reporters after Obamas statement.Even if Republicans gain seats in the Nov. 2 election, the White House is counting on a bipartisan support for a reauthorization of transportation spending legislation next year. LaHood said talks about the exact size and shape of the measure are under way without giving specifics on how it might be funded. Obama has said he opposes raising the federal gasoline tax, the primary source of federal funding for highways.The tradition of Congress is to work in a bipartisan way on transportation, said LaHood, a former Republican congressman from Illinois. This will be paid for; this will not be put on the debt.StimulusAsked about skepticism about the value of $48 billion in public works programs in the stimulus package, LaHood was blunt.The idea that stimulus didnt work is nonsense, he said.LaHood also said the administration is continuing to discuss options with Christie on the tunnel over the next two weeks in an effort to salvage the project, which would double the number of commuter trains to New York at peak times.The administration has committed $3 billion to the job, its largest contribution to a single project. 5 days agoflag  reply+3cantucwearebrothersSounds like we could put a nation back to work right quick. 5 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  cantucwearebrothers:Yep. 5 days agoflag  reply0ghostofamericathat's the point.  let it all get really bad, then offer the solution, you'll have to trade in that ol' constitution, but you will have sweet security knowing that the 'New' way will be better. 5 days agoflag  reply0Robotic091the number of pot holes after that long rain in southern cali  were in the hundreds on every street at least two or three, in fact one shreaded my tire when i failed to notice one. 5 days agoflag  reply0CarlosIsDown:( 'nuff said 5 days agoflag  reply+3ThatCrazyLibertarianThanks, once again, for the warm fuzzy feeling. 5 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Too much fluoride in water! see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeThe Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  14 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm toyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  22 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  31 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. MYkEv commented on The system suited everybody until the...  1 hour agoron paul 2012 WhiteNoise commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoTHANKS FOR THE FLOWERS, NOW FOR THE POT ;)http://whitenoiserants.webnode.com/news/media-induced-reality-/  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog