Sectioned Under The Mental Health ActHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHealthMental HealthClinical DepressionSectioned Under The Mental Health ActSectioned Under The Mental Health Act81rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy waynetMental HealthMental health can affect anyone....For the past few weeks now I've been battling with my wifes depressive moods ever increasingly getting worse and the paranoia that came with it. up until three weeks ago everything was ok or as well as could be, she has been depressed for awhile but obviously not to this extent where she heard voices that said bad things.I must confess about my slight ignorance of any issues with mental health, because I always assume it is related to things that the person does to end up that way, but over the past few weeks we as a family have come to understand that progressive depression could lead to mental health problems and the stress that this causes and we are there for her as much as possible.My only regret is that I wish I could have picked this up earlier as she did show the signs of this early on but I thought it was just the way she was at times as she would shout alot anyway, but I suppose the turning poin came when she said that there was cameras and other devices listening and watching her every move.This is when I got in touch with NHS direct, which is a phone number for people who live in the uk which gets filtered through all the sections of the health service when you ring the NHS direct number and the crisis team for mental health came around on the same day, actually within an hour or two and then repeat visits were made with doctors and nurses of which medication was prescribed.But the problem arose when my wife refused to take the medication which would help her sleep and calm the voices down, meanwhile my two kids don't really understand the situation although my oldest Jack knows that mummy isn't well, my young daughter Shannon just thinks it's a normal occurence now and everyday behaviour.They say that mental health issues can sometimes be halted or dealt with with either a combination of medicated drugs and counseling, I just hope she gets through this as......... I love you Amanda and our kids love you very much!!Naturally mental health is a terrible thing for all who experience it, but if you know someone who is close to you who is affected by mental health, do not despair there is help and support out there and all my wife has recieved is plenty of help from me and the family aswell as the wonderful help and support of the Crisis team who deal with these types of situations on a regular basis and I suppose it's not until you go through something like this that you understand the work that health professionals do.My thoughts are with you Amanda......Mental Health ResourcesMental Health BurnoutWhat a great question. Someone has asked where mental health professionals go when they need help for themselves. There is a myth that counselors are immune to human frailties, and they are above the fray....Free Mental Health Resources Free mental health resources can be a great benefit for those in need of resources. Finding materials to educate people about mental illnesses can take time and energy. Fortunately you can use the links...Mental Health Professionals - Degrees &amp; Scope of Pra...Whether you are you looking for counseling or considering a career in psychology, it can be difficult to tell exactly which professionals provide which services. Find out here.Understanding Mental Health In Books From Amazon50 Signs of Mental Illness: A Guide to Understanding Mental Health (Yale University Press Health & Wellness)Amazon Price: $10.50List Price: $18.00Mental Health: A guide to understanding various diagnoses and mental health problems! AAA+++Amazon Price: $0.99vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome Beautiful Life and Health: The Signs Of Being An AlcoholicLife and Health: The Power Of Positive AttitudeMental Healthfossfor21 months ago hi wayne, sorry to hear about your wife's troubles. I went through a bad depression some years ago and got through it with a good therapist and my loving husband.  the most important thing for me was to start talking to someone who understood how desperate I felt and from then on things got better.Wish you both all the bestwaynet21 months ago Thanks for the kind words! She needs to talk with a therapist too once the all important medication kicks in.Misha21 months ago Wayne, my heart goes to you.... Wish you guys the very best, and fastest possible recovery...waynet21 months ago Cheers Misha.I'm off to visit her tomorrow, although at the moment she might be angry that she has to stop in hospital but they can help more on a professional level than I ever could.Sufidreamer21 months ago Hi Wayne - deeply sorry to hear about that.All the best to you and your family - hope for a speedy and full recovery. Keep us all posted.Teresa McGurk21 months ago I'm a chronic sufferer currently in remission.  It does get better -- but I know how difficult it is to deal with someone else's mental illness, so I understand how bleak it can look at times.  I wish your wife all the very best, and hope she finds relief soon from the weight that is crushing her.  All the best to you all.(I was very interested to hear about the Crisis Team that came to your house -- the last time I had a complete breakdown here in the States a friend had to drive me to a hospital and two different doctors before someone would finally see me.)  mistyhorizon200321 months ago Good luck Wayne, my thoughts are with you and your family as someone who suffers from depression and anxiety myself.Shalini Kagal21 months ago Hats off to you - I do pray that all of you get through this and can put it behind you. I've known people who have been abused/blamed/abandoned when all it is is a condition like a deficiency or an illness. Your wife is so lucky to have your love - that's the main lifeline that can pull a person out of it.waynet21 months ago Cheers all...I don't often write personal stuff, but I just needed to write something on it as life stuff like this just worries us all when it happens.Julie-Ann Amos21 months ago Read the hub and do hope the pair of you are ok.I was very nearly sectioned about 6-7 years ago for a nervous breakdown - just too much stress.  The one good thing my exhusband did when I was insensible in hospital was he refused to sign to have me sectioned againts me will.What you did was really brave and difficult, and having seen it from both sides, my thoughts are really with youwaynet21 months ago Thanks Julie....she's doing a bit better and she doesn't blame me for sending her there and she is taking the prescribed medication which she should have taken as it was a difficult choice - either take the medication or get sectioned and she refused the medication so it had to be done.Isabella Snow21 months ago Wayne, I'm sorry to hear about all this. I hope your wife gets better quickly. xVeronica21 months ago Best to you, Wayne. xoxowaynet21 months ago Thanks for your comments guys!She's doing ok, although she isn't home at the moment, she just needs to see if this medication will do the trick and then we can move on from there.mandybeau21 months ago Thats awful, and i sympathise with you, Yeah the medication is a biggy, A friend of ours became engaged to a guy that, she had told me wasn't her type at all. it came as a shock when she told us of , her decision to become engaged to him.  So rapidly from the time, she had told me "He's deluded if he thinks, I'm interested in anything other than friendship"I was not surprised to learn that she had been on meds at the time,This guy had said that she didn't need them, in essence heknew more than her Doctors.Overnight she became introverted, and depressed, not leaving the House where she lived with this creep. It all came to a head when he basically nearly killed her, or I thought it had, she has however gone on to marry him.This is a position where someone was able to be manipulated into doing something, by another person, while medication was suspended.So I know that taking the stuff on time and regularly is so so important.My friend is not as lucky as your wife, she has someone supporting her that has her best interests at heart. Mental illness is really Huge in New Zealand. I am unsure why???? Just another thought Vitaman B12 deficiency  can be linked to these type of conditionsGood luck.waynet21 months ago Thanks Mandy. Mental health is one of them things that occur and the professionals still don't know completely about and the drugs that are prescribed are the only form of medication aswell as other counselling therapies and that's why I wanted my wife to take them instead of not taking them as I didn't want her mental illness to get worse.So long as the support is there, mental illness can be overcome.AHarding20 months ago hi wayne, im sorry to hear about your wife and i hope things all work out for you and your family.Im only 18 and im wondering if you could help me out im not sure where else to go for help i understand if u are under alot of pressure or really busy but im sure any help is good, i been looking after my mum now since i was 11 and things are getting really bad, she drinks constantly through out the day and night and for the past 3 years nearly every month she has been taking alot of tablets trying to take her own life she is convinced every body is talking about her and watching her and im really scared.....is there anything you can suggest i do to help her.?Alyssawaynet20 months ago Sorry it took awhile to get back to you Alyssa, thanks for your comments!This sounds something similar to the way my wife behaved, she(your mum) needs to go and see her doctor and tell all about the way she feels,if she won't go then you try and get her to go and if she still will not go, then there must be other types of support out there for this, there is prescribed medication and counselling.It could be a form of depression or psychosis and that needs to be treated as soon as possible, with some medication it calms the thoughts down apparently and helps them sleep, has your mum been sleeping properly? as this could affect her state of mind too and pretty much anyones mind if they don't get a lot of regular sleep.I wish you and your mum well, let me know if there is anything else that I can explain or help in some way.Take care!!AHarding20 months ago Thank you for your advise this has really helped alot im going to talk to her about things tomorrow when i have a day off and see if i can get her to the doctors. Thanks so much i hope things are going ok with you and your family.alyssaKimberly Bunch16 months ago What a heart crushing story. I feel for your whole family. It must be a terrible situation for your wife alone! Geez, I can just image what she is going through having  to deal with all of the turmoil of strangeness that takes over. Then the whole ordeal that you and your children are experiencing and learning from. You are brave and will raise well adjusted, brave kids I'm sure!Here's a little something for ya: http://hubpages.com/hub/higherconsciousnesswaynet16 months ago Thanks Kimberly! She had a relapse of late and had to get better medication, she's doing fine again for now, just need to support her through it...thanks for the link, twas nice!duncan16 months ago i need help. my wife wants to kill herself so badly that i almost want to help her.she has had a few suicide attempts but i always just got to her in time.should i get her sectioned, nothing seems to be helping her she is taking medication and its not helping. she told me she tells everyone what they want to hear so they will leave her alonewaynet16 months ago Yes either get her sectioned or explain the situation to some professionals, I'm sure there is help and support out there Duncan, the problem could be on some deep rooted psychological level that medication may not have any effect.....Good luck and just be as supportive as you have been!duncan16 months ago thanxshe has been seen by docs and phychs medication isnt helping and she tried to jump from a bridge about 2 hours ago i couldnt catch her up when she ran and a total stranger let me into his car and we got in front of her and i grabbed her over and saved her life again.she was a total stranger to me blank and unresponsive.i dialled 999 and the police arrived and took her to hospital but she just left without seeing a doctor it was busy but i got her home and gave her two ZOPICLONE tabs and she is now sleeping.i dont know where to turn to next im in glasgow and we seem to be getting let down by medical staff?do they thing shes seeking attention?i suppose im in for a hard weekend.duncanm16 months ago thanx again its good to know that there are other people experiencing what im going through.jamie12 months ago hi wayne, i'm so sorry to hear about amanda. although i do not know both of you, i have recently known a friend whose wife has mental problems. her last fits was 4 years ago, but early this week, she burst out again. and it is just a week to christmas and he's sad, so is their 11-year-old son. and i just googled to see how we can help them from afar, found your website and thought i'd just drop you a line.i know it takes courage and strength to go through all these, and with the strengt of a family, i believe you'll weather through... and so will my friend.love,jamieFRED12 months ago I have a brother who needs help.I am unfortunately, not responsible for him as he still lives with his mother who will not under any circumstances request help because of the social embarrasement.Is there any legal ruling that can provide me with the authority to request for him to be sectioned?highandlow9 months ago i like your wife have a mental illness, i am happy for you that you live in a country where it is taken care of professionally. here, in the states, not so much. i cannot just go to a professional and get help especially without insurance. i could go to the hospital and if i am a threat to myself or someone else they are obligated. if not take these pills that i can't afford and call if you need anything. i did need something and i get sent home. hmmm. i have and extensive 1st blog if anyone is interested. highandlow. thanks for sharing your story. best of hope. we all have luck. lolNiki4 months ago Hi there, I hope your wife is better now Wayne, I have freinds going through similar at the moment, but the dr's seem reluctant to section my freind as he's not considered a danger to himself or others, despite the fact he sits there 24 hours looking out the window like a zomby  mumbling occasionally that they r coming to get him!! Does anyone happen to know if it's possible to bypass the dr and go straight to a mental health unit?? Any help would b greatly appreciated xx tnx xxLt. Daniel2 months ago WaynetJust read your hub.Your wife has the most important med she, Its youand your children.The Love and support you gave and give her does morethan you know.Meds help but you and your children are the key toher health.If you get the time, read my hub "Answering yourself".It started out from a conversation I had with a coworkerabout talking to and answering yourself then it justkind of grew from there to be about my wife and her battle with Schizophrenia and Bi Polar.My prayers are with you and your family.Remember, you and your children are the key.waynet2 months ago Cheers now!It's been a full year now without any relapses of any kind, so she'll be on the meds for the forseeable future, but she's doing fine and we are moving house too, which will improve all of our state of mind too!lakeerieartists2 months ago Wayne, as I have gone through mental health issues of my own although not quite as severe, I am totally there with you on how these kinds of issues can disrupt an entire family.It is weird too how mental health issues can be combined because my depression issues also were combined with panic attacks which is what really triggered me to get meds for the condition.And the relief of the meds is so amazing, while they can temper the problems, they do not have to completely take away your personality which was what I feared the most. I am the same, just more even tempered, and even keeled person.It seems like you can't have a relationship with someone over a period of time and not deal with some sort of medical issue in at least one of you.  Congrats on finding a solution, and to good health for your entire family.waynet2 months ago Yeah mental illness can just strike and sometimes we don't know until we examine the symptoms and what is happening. It's been awhile now that we've had to deal with this problem as a family and things are getting better slightly.Cheers LEA for the comments, much appreciated!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites93waynetHubPages EliteFrom Hull City   United Kingdom1474 Followers656 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by waynetContact waynetFollow waynetSubscribe to waynet's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk waynet a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat Are The Sign That Can Give Me Clue That I Am About To Suffer From Depression?asked by ngureco 13 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionIs being a mistress, mentally abusing the wife?asked by nikki1 16 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsHow to Recognise the Symptoms of Depressionby mistyhorizon2003Best Books on Depression - Depression Self Help for Men &...by Susana SHow to beat holiday depressionby Marye AudetDealing With Invisible Disability: But You Look Well!by Teresa McGurkAm I Depressed Quiz - a Self-Test and Common Symptomsby Simone SmithPain Depression Originsby woodamarc Clinical Depression ForumTopicRepliesIs Depression Just a Trendy New Illness?posted by Precious Williams117dealing with depretion for 10 years... since i was 4posted by amberdragon19Barely Surviving...posted by singlemother230Post a new topic8 more topics Tagshealth depression wife mental health crisis voices Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.277 sec)  working