Germany pledges $80 million for Auschwitz memorial fund // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 217Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 16, 2010| 24 commentsGermany pledges $80 million for Auschwitz memorial fundsource: http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3999844,00.htmlAn error occurred while setting up video display.maasanova added thisSeems like a good place for Germany to dump $80 million during a time of bailing out European banks in this global recession. And the US, who obviously don't want to be called out for neglecting their financial obligations and responsibilities, are "chipping in" an additional $15 million.So altogether that's $95 million (not including other countries financial obligations) to repair a few barracks that got flooded.***German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said Wednesday that Germany will pay 60 million ($80 million) over the next year into a new fund for Auschwitz-Birkenau to preserve barracks, gas chambers and other evidence of Nazi crimes at the former death camp.Westerwelle said it is Germany's "historical responsibility" to educate this and future generations about the Holocaust.groups:News, News and Politics, Politics tags:Politics,War,Education,Military,Germany,Nazi,Jews,Hitler,Holocaust,WW2 6 more|24 comments// Germany pledges $80 million for Auschwitz memorial fundhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0freecrackits a pretty good investment for them.it would be nice if we did that to indian reservations so we could have our genocide up close and personal, and not ignored as it is. 23 days agoflag  reply+1bailey78We live in strange times 24 days agoflag  reply+1XasthurNortthttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ugVxGQ_sKcDavid Cole 24 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  XasthurNortt:David Cole rocked a pretty damn fined mullet if I do say so myself! Hero!WOW I've seen his Auschwitz documentary but I've never seen this clip before. Phil Donahue was a punk ass and David Cole shut him down pretty hard. 24 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  XasthurNortt:the gazan genocide that has seen a rise in population? how does that work exactly? 23 days agoflag  reply-1freecrack  maasanova:a holocaust denier is your hero? 23 days agoflag  reply+1maasanova  freecrack:He is A hero, not MY hero.And he is not a "holocaust denier" as he admits that Jews were persecuted because of their race, religion or ethnicity."Holocaust denier" is simply a made up word to make legitimate researchers look crazy for not believing that gas chambers that didn't have locks on them killed six million Jews. 23 days agoflag  reply0Radical_Centrist  freecrack:Genocide = "The deliberate and systematic destruction, in whole OR IN PART, of an ethnic, racial, religious, or national group." You do not have to kill every living Palestinian on earth to be committing acts of genocide against them. 23 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:http://me.ilnormal people when seeing a holocaust denier, dont use a word like hero.i mean i recognize very well that in some peoples eyes, osama bin laden is a hero.but regardless of that understanding, im certainly not going to state such a thing, as he sickens me.ill leave that to the jihadists, and will hold the position that he is a radical extremist pussy.holocaust denier is not a made up word.it is a series if anything (cmon that was funny).holocaust denier is a label that people earn when they make declarative statements about the holocaust that contradict establish facts from documentation and first hand accounts.literaly millions of accounts of what happened exist, and are unimpeachable.documentation corroberates those accounts, as well as nazis confessing these things as well.the book has long since been closed on that event, without question.the only people at the time who even tried to deny it, were nazis themselves trying to get out of hot water.just like the crazy evangelics who talk in tongues and pretend to talk to god, ya can see these peoples intent isnt truthfull, as well as those who tried to deny what layed before them.it is against the law to deny the holocaust in many governments, meaning that what happened was note worthy above all other events in thier opinions, as the holocaust is the only event to have this distinction.governments felt this event was so massively important to note, they created national policy not allowing it to be ignored.does this sound indicitive of minor civilian casualties? it isnt illegal to deny the french revolution in france despite all the blood that was spilled savagely.it isnt illegal to deny casualties of french people in any other time in hstory in france, yet this event was important enough to create a law about.in fucking france, wich is famously, and still massively antisemitic and clearly not influenced by zionism in any way.ill take the accounts of my grandparents over some schmuck looking for angles.6 million jews existed before ww2 that ceased to exist after.that is it, done.unless you think jews are the chosen people for alien abductions, or some plague broke out that only effected jews, the holocaust simply happened. 23 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Radical_Centrist:and what is the marker of such an event occuring? what is the element unique to genocide or ethnic cleansing that shows that systematic destruction of an ethnic,racial,religious,or national group.it is the decrease of that population, as destruction is required.you are right, you dont have to kill every living palestinian on earth to commit a genocide, as hitler didnt kill every jew on the planet, but certainly commited a genocide.but it certainly would have to make a dent in the population, making a steady, unwaivering growth of a population proving the opposite is occuring.what ever policy israel has employed towards the palestinians has not resulted, or is even close to destruction of the palestinians, or a group of palestinians.when cops kill black gang members in harlem, is it a genocide? or is it that it happens to be the black community makes up a dissproportionate percentage of gang members in that area and the larger issue is thier aggression, not its result?the population in gaza has ONLY grown.the population in the west bank has ONLY grown.the population of israeli citizens has ONLY grown.if a conclusion were to be made as to whom it is that israel is systematical destroying, the unifying thread would be enemies to the state, and those who they hide behind.being that damn near every palestinian casualty falls into this catagory, the only genocide is that of the group called terrorists, and the civilians unfortunate enough to be used as shields.the fact that they are palestinian is incidental when looking at the situaton.just as it wouldnt be usefull to notice that all the people killed by the idf are brunettes, or have ten fingers.the israelis arent committing a genocide against the palestinains.they arent killing brunettes.they arent destroying people with beards.they are killing enemies of the state, just like we are.we have killed more arab muslims in ten years than israel has in 62.only difference is we could have stayed home, and israel is home. 23 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  freecrack:Honest German, British and French researchers started speaking out about the reality of WW2 and thenJewish activists got the books closed on that part of history to avoid people learning inconvenient truths.On top of that Jewish activist muzzled the majority of Europe with "hate laws" and they started beating people up and throwing people in jail to others wouldn't know what did and didn't happen there. The Jews made it illegal to disagree with the Ellie Weisel and the Jewish version of WW2. 23 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:Honest German, British and French researchers started speaking out about the reality of WW2 as opposed to the millions of dishonest testimonials that all match up with one another at the time it occured.so it is these german,british,and french researchers who are obviously honest, cuz they arent profitiering at all.but all the millions of others are part of a grand conspiracy.that the nazis must have been party to, as they backed it up with documentation as well as testimony.btw, when holocaust denial finaly came to a head, and david irving took an actual historian to court, the english court system found her claims to be accurate, and his to be false.her accounts that match the millions of other first hand accounts, as opposed to grand suppositions based on malfunctioning doors and such none sense.let me guess, that doesnt matter cuz the secret society of jews runs britian right?any time reality doesnt match up with your theories it is cuz of zionist manipulation right?it cant be cuz you are wrong ever. 23 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  freecrack:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CocKyJXVoRIIt's time to stop with the holocaust lies. 23 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:really? ya wanna just spam vids back and forth, as if the exact opposite stuff doesnt exist to counter your silliness?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgfTwtV79xs mean its just a waste of time, but its your dance. 23 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:lol so cuz he made up a love story, that means the holocaust didnt happen.so i guess all veterans who turn out to never have served mean vietnam didnt happen lol.the jewish conspiracy to perpetuate this story is so not the case, that his jewish son exposed him.yup it seems clear that it is a case of a conspiracy alright on the part of jews.in actuality jews hold this in such reverence, that apparently they will turn on thier own family, cuz it is so important people dont lie about it.but ya missed that part huh?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5tF9svFLIwyou even got outed in the interview, as the NEGATIVE effect of this is that holocaust denier websites (lol like where this got loaded through) were going to use it.you literaly walked into fitting the profile supposed in the very interview, as a bad thing.the wrong thing.it wasnt an issue that his story was damaging to marraige, or the institution of love, but holocaust denial.that was the ad thing cuz we all know denial is bullshit.and even with that being in the clip, you still tried to show it to support denial.too fucking funny.thank you whew 23 days agoflag  reply0Stever_B  freecrack:I'm not wading into this debate, but I did want to say that if this video doesn't convince anyone having any doubts about the reality of the Holocaust, I can't imagine what could. Very powerful, thanks for posting it. 23 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  Stever_B:I'm not wading into this debatea smarter man than i you are.i wish no call existed to show such accounts, as it is powerfull and hurts a little.i really wish we lived in a world where i wouldnt be driven to post such tragedy, as it feeds that libel, but it is too important to humanity to silence. 23 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  freecrack:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTrJPYDOt6MLying to a bunch of retards who worship Oprah is one thing but sending these holocaust liars into the schools to tell horror stories and lies to children about lampshades and soap is about the lowest of the low.It's time to stop with the Holocaust lies already. 23 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  freecrack:Stop fucking saying that people are saying the holocaust didn't happen. NO ONE IS SAYING THAT JEWS WEREN'T PERSECUTED AND KILLED BECAUSE THEY WERE JEWS. See that's freecrack's game. He comes in and starts saying things that people didn't say and mixing everything up. He's a liar without lying outright. Watch for it in the future.When you say that people are saying that the holocaust didn't happen you are LYING. Just as much as people who are lying to schoolchildren about jew soap and lampshades. 23 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:your a fucking idiot.despite the entirety of europe slaughtering its jews, it was germany that jews boycotted there after.not france,hungary,checkoslovakia,romania,poland,finland,or any place else that served as the culture that would turn on them, just the germans.BECAUSE GERMANY WAS THE INDUSTRIAL CENTER, AND PILLAGED ALL THEY COULD FROM JEWS TO THAT END.check out the holocaust museums in israel.they have some of those lampshades and wallets that served as nazi status symbols.you imagine people who would rob the gold from fillings, would stop there?oh yeag i forgot, none of that happened. 23 days agoflag  reply0maasanova  freecrack:http://brianakira.files.wordpress.com/2009/10/no-jew-fat-soap-newspaper-03.jpgLOL Jew soap didn't exist even the people who run Yad Vashim admit to that. Stop lying to children and stop making laws that make it legal to lie to children.The lampshade story is even questionable. Some historians regard it as war propaganda.It's time to stop with the Holocaust lies already. 23 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:http://books.sothier is an asshole born every minute, and some write books.sometimes those book are dedicated to showing us how slavery is really the africans fault, not ours.and some pick random points to make a name obased on stuff just old enough to be twisted.its time to stop fighting moot points based on racial prejudices. 23 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  maasanova:clearly i missunderstood what you meant by holocuast liars.obviously holocaustliar doesnt mean what it sounds like.it means something else entirely........some how.........."It's time to stop with the holocaust lies."oh i see where i missunderstood.i used my ability to read.had i not, i wouldnt have thought you were calling the holocaust, "lies".you are right.your stuff suites the illiterate much better than the literate. 23 days agoflag  reply+1Psymoniacwasted... 24 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Dinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsunimatrix0 commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  8 minutes agoYes, I remember Kenny!These Tea Party douche bags were practically begging for violence with their "second amendment remedies" and "don't retreat, reload" mentality.... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  21 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. bailey78 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  39 minutes agoIf life gets any better my wife may have to get another job. southrabbit commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThe better part of valour is restraint.   Before rushing into another paranoid tyrade, pause for a moment and realize that if proper support systems were in place, this fellow would have... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog