Three years after Katrina: 'Little progress'  // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 217Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | August 26, 2008| 28 commentsThree years after Katrina: 'Little progress' source: http://us.oneworld.net/article/357080-three-years-after-katrinaAn error occurred while setting up video display.goldenways added thisAs President Bush begins another visit to a region devastated not only by a tremendous hurricane but an excruciatingly slow recovery process, the international humanitarian agency Oxfam America called on both presidential candidates to renew the federal government's commitment to rebuilding the region.President Bush's visit to Mississippi and Louisiana, days before the third anniversary of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, comes as a new report from Oxfam America reveals how little progress has been made and what still remains to be done to restore the region and repair the communities affected three years ago."If the history of the Katrina recovery were written today, it would be a tragedy. Far too little progress has been made despite the remarkable effort and ingenuity of the people of the region who are fighting to restore their homes and their lives," said Raymond C. Offenheiser, president of Oxfam America. "Much of the progress has come at the hands of Gulf Coast residents - in spite of significant hurdles placed in front of them by the federal government. The next administration must act quickly to remove those hurdles so Gulf Coast residents can truly and finally recover from the storms."Oxfam's report, Mirror on America, which will be released Tuesday, reveals just how much work remains to be done, and provides recommendations to speed an equitable recovery, including:    *      More than 35,000 individuals still living in FEMA trailers in the Gulf Coast    *      Only 12 percent of African-American evacuees who returned to New Orleans after the hurricanes were able to find work, compared with 45 percent of white evacuees;    *      In Louisiana 82,000 apartments were damaged or destroyed by Katrina and Rita, but the highest official estimate proposes to replace only about 25,000 affordable units;    *      In Mississippi, federal money that was mandated for use in rebuilding low income housing was, instead, diverted to improving the shipyards in Biloxi;    *      Compliance with federal labor laws has been ignored, leaving workers coaxed to the region on promises of high salaries and free housing, found neither and have since been abandoned.President Bush rightly commended many who have worked hard to rebuild their homes and their lives. Unfortunately, so many have done so on their own, with less help than they could have used from the federal government.Rebuilding the region has proved to be difficult. Many living along the Gulf Coast have been hit by a double injustice. On one hand they can't afford the rising costs of rent, housing, insurance and utilities. On the other, they can't find the kind of jobs they need to offset those increased expenses. It is not too late, however, for the many thousands who still need help."A new administration will face the challenge of correcting the mistakes of its predecessor and a critical opportunity to rebuild the Gulf Coast better and stronger," said Rhonda Jackson, Louisiana State Policy Specialist for Oxfam America. "The time is now to renew our promise and commit to a full Gulf Coast recovery." groups:News, News and Politics tags:News,News and Politics,US,World,Government,Bush,Human Rights,Poverty,Showdown,Louisiana,Mississippi,Hurricane Katrina,Natural Disasters,Katrina,FEMA,Gulf Coast,oxfam 13 more|28 comments// Three years after Katrina: 'Little progress' hide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0insatiable73I don't think any of you understand what it was like to live in Houston after Katrina.  A  great deal of the evacuees of Katrina were horrible residents.  Some (I will say not all, but a great majority of them) completely trashed apartment communities and had no concern at all whatsoever for neighborhoods they lived in.  My children went to school with students (from Katrina) who would blatently walk out of class or misbehave in a manner that would traditionally get you suspended from school.  Instead, they would ask that the disobedient children go home early and then welcome them back the next day.  Stories upon stories I could tell that would make you sick.  Then again, I came across people that were trying to rebuild their lives and make something of what was taken away.  I know what happened to the people of New Orleans was a tragedy, but what some of those people did to nearby cities was an abomination.  To destroy what is given to you is just wrong.    Also, many of the evacuees were not actively seeking employment while living in Houston and on several occasions I heard of many instances where even fast food restaurants were paying high wages just so people would come back to rebuild New Orleans, but many only wanted to continue to "live off" the government.  It's a shame in so many ways. 2 years agoflag  reply0MyDigitalSinand here comes Hurricane Gustav! 2 years agoflag  reply0Robroy1Another great example of Bush and Co.s miserably failed presidency.  Help rebuild Iraq, and Afghanastan but let Americans fend for themselves.  He dosen't care about this area because he already controls any oil there let the people die as long as the refineries and platforms are pumping out dollars for him and his buddies.  A good example of Bush's axis of Greed, Oil-Guns-Guns and Bombs.  What a poor leader he has been.  The worst in the History of America.  Stay in Crawford, we don't want you in Washington. 2 years agoflag  reply0keeshii768little progress is being made because they're too busy building condos where their homes used to be.  2 years agoflag  reply0aliquid_When natural disasters strike around the world - Tsunamis, etc.. we do help others with aftermath devastaion clean-ups, food distributions, shelters and communication between love ones. However I think things could of been done more accurately here in our own country of the US. Not just Louisiana, but also look at floods in IOWA, ILLINOIS, and MIDWEST storms just to name a few. Our motto is not to help out our fellow countrymen in times of disaster with aid relief and support rather use appropiate resources needed for Louisiana, Iowa, illinois, Midwest, etc.. for I dunno - campaign contributions, new sports arenas ( hey I don't have anything against the athletes at all )- but they don't need a newer stadium every 2 to 3 years, no city does in any kind of sport). Also the main big factor - Education to the public of the American people. Many victims of Katrina can't relocate for better jobs - reason is skills needed in todays market aren't avaliable especially in Louisiana - school system ranks amongst lowest in the US. But not just Louisiana, other states where storms, floodings occur. 2 years agoflag  reply0metalcookiesxy70How america help other people around the world and can't help its own...THIS AMERICA DOES NOT DESERVE TO BE CALLED AMERICA!!!! 2 years agoflag  reply0jellyfishsmackattackHonestly, is this really surprising??? 2 years agoflag  reply0ParatusWell Gustav may take the rest of NO into the gulf.  What possesses people to build a city some 6 feet below sea level, next to the water I might ad, and then, after getting a spanking they rebuildin the same place.  Isn't insanity doing the same thing over again and expecting different results??  I think I would move to higher ground.   2 years agoflag  reply0blackdaylightthis story gets poor coverage even here amongst us allegedly thoughtful young progressives, so the "lack of progress" isn't surprising in the least.if anything i would suggest that the lack of rebuilt homes & returning natives is the exact kind of progress that the land developers in N.O. had in mind for post katrina reconstruction. 2 years agoflag  reply0cibalinSurely, we have failed our brothers and sisters of Louisianna.  2 years agoflag  reply0NeoDotComAre you serious...Black people have been telling you for yearsThey don't careKanye told youListen I went to New Orleans recently.  Toured the ninth ward and touched the levee.  The true tragedy is this.  In the aftermath of Katrina New Orleans looks like...Parts of the South Side of Chicago.That is a tragedy. 2 years agoflag  reply0ElligirlKatrina was a great opportunity to rebuild the corrupt governments in that area and to revamp the schools and other public utilities and services. What a lost opportunity. 2 years agoflag  reply0gracestebanRepairing the devastation caused by Katrina needs a good partnership between the government and the people. People can't solely depend on it's government, they need to help themselves too no matter how difficult it is. But the government should not only give these people "lip service" either. They need solid action. 2 years agoflag  reply0lifestudentno83Should be on Current News...I am ashamed that I live in such a backwards country, as the people who are affected by California wildfires lost their homes had their situation was handled far better than those who had the unfortuate fate of being in the path of Hurricane Katrina.The New Orleans people are the best representation of us as Americans because they represent the portion of middle and lower class of Americans being left behind in our society. Even more stigmatizing is the fact that race has managed to polarize any sympathy felt by some Americans, as even weeks after the tragic circumstances there were actually individuals who blamed them for the hurricane(saying it was an act of God, or they were being punished).It disgusts me that we have money for bombs and rockets to kill one another but never enough to help one another. 2 years agoflag  reply0Liberal_Extinction  lifestudentno83:Gee, let's look at the 2 situations:New Orleans: Incompetent Nagin, BlancoCalifornia wildfires: The Governator was on the situation like stink on shit.Time to start looking closer to home for your fall guys. 2 years agoflag  reply0warhawk187And yet with little progress, much needed supplies were sent elsewhere. This is another massive failure of this administration.All of the touristy areas are basically rebuilt but the parts that no one travels to when they visit are still in shambles. Another example of the government failing the people its supposed to protect... 2 years agoflag  reply0aswift1Well of course Dubya hasn't done more for New Orleans! They don't have much oil there, do they? I hope he is proud of himself and his priorities. 2 years agoflag  reply0kbclefI think that AreOh hit on a great note. I would assume that on a daily basis, the average american doesnt think about new orleans and katrina. Instead, we worry about what kind of clothes Michelle Obama is wearing and why Jenifer Aniston and John Mayer broke up. Its so sad. We need to take care of our own people. This is a disgrace. 2 years agoflag  reply0dwellerblame china! 2 years agoflag  reply0karnathisWhat has happened in the wake of Katrina is criminal and continues to be a national shame.  We have to do better.  Hopefully our new pres will be on the side of humanity! 2 years agoflag  reply0justrightIt's a sad thing that we've spent most of our GDP everywhere but at home.  2 years agoflag  reply0AreOhWhere has the discourse for this situation gone? I find it interesting that while we all focus on the next presidential respective lifestyles and playlists, no one can seem to summon the same vigor for the travesty of what is happening to New Orleans. Not only is this indicative of our disposition to be distracted by trivial matters, but also the sheer lack of compassion the country has exhibited towards a certain group of people. This is not unexpected, of course, but just yet another sign of inconsistent placement of value we assign to American people. This breaks my heart that  we have not done a better job of restoring one of the cultural standouts of our nation.  2 years agoflag  reply0huntreThis is yet another powerful example of GWB's ongoing inabilty to take care of the people, so many of whom voted for him. Doe's anyone think that Senator McCain will do any better? I, sure as Hell, don't.2 years agoflag  reply0VierotchkaThe Republicans don't want New Orleans to regain all its original population, they want to transform New Orleans into a huge money-making Disneyland/Casino. 2 years agoflag  reply0huntre  Vierotchka:"Sure 'nuff. Long as it ain't run by no blasphemous heathen gays." - Moral Majority 2 years agoflag  reply0F7Thank you for posting this! 2 years agoflag  reply0gentjimgo figure, cant help our own people, 2 years agoflag  reply0goldenwaysMirror On America 2 years agoflag  replymore fromNews:Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!It's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  18 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  23 minutes agoWe're all Americans whatever our political persuasion.  We should all be alarmed by any infringement of our rights. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  34 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog