Advice for Surviving the Swine FluHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHealthPersonal Health Information and Self-HelpColds and the FluAdvice for Surviving the Swine FluAdvice for Surviving the Swine Flu69rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy DorsiThe H1N1 Swine Flu - important information for your family(UPDATE 11/05/09: Please note that this was written by me in April of this year. With the H1N1 Swine flu now a pandemic, this information is even more vital than ever. Hopefully you can take some of these simple precautionary measures to keep your family safe this winter as we battle this flu together)APRIL 28, 2009: I've been sitting on this story for a few days, hoping that my worst fears were not being realized. After following the H1N1 swine flu story for the last several days - intensely I might say - I've had to push down a little panicky feeling that something very big was happening here.With growing alarm, I have been watching H1N1 swine flu cases popping up daily on the H1N1 Swine Flu interactive map here. I hate to push any type of  panic button folks but it's time to really sit up and take heed to what's going on. Today, April 27th, 2009, the WHO (World Health Organization) raised it's rating system to a level 4 (from the WHO website) : "Phase 4 is characterized by verified human-to-humantransmission of an animal or human-animal influenza reassortant virusable to cause community-level outbreaks. The ability to causesustained disease outbreaks in a community marks a significant upwardsshift in the risk for a pandemic. Any country that suspects or hasverified such an event should urgently consult with WHO so that thesituation can be jointly assessed and a decision made by the affectedcountry if implementation of a rapid pandemic containment operation iswarranted. Phase 4 indicates a significant increase in risk of apandemic but does not necessarily mean that a pandemic is a forgoneconclusion."The rating level has never been changed to this level since it's inception. We are now part way through the beginnings of a Pandemic. How severe this will become is anybodies guess as this is a new strain of flu - but - similar to the Spanish Flu of 1918 which killed over 20 to 100 million people worldwide. This is not a time to panic  - but a time to take a really close hard look at the places where you go, who you spend time with, where you spend time - and - this is definitely the time to get into the habit of washing your hands FREQUENTLY.IMPORTANT UPDATE 4-29-09 WHO ALERT LEVEL RAISED TO 5:"Human-to-human spread of the virus into at least two countries in one WHO region."  "Whilemost countries will not be affected at this stage, the declaration ofPhase 5 is a strong signal that a pandemic is imminent."Fatal Flu Spurs Pandemic Fears Although many people die every year from the flu, the worrisome thing about the Swine Flu is it's genetic makeup and rapid spreadSome Simple Tips for Avoiding Swine Flu TransmissionIn this first hub of many to come on the H1N1Swine Flu, I'd like to ask you to start by at least making a few small changes in your life to protect yourself and your family. These are simple things that you may already be doing but if you aren't, it's important to start making these habits a part of your daily living. These tips are from the CDC website (Center for Disease Control)There are everyday  actions people can take to stay healthy.Cover your nose and mouth with a tissue when you cough or  sneeze. Throw the tissue in the trash after you use it. Washyour hands often with soap and water, especially after you cough orsneeze. Alcohol-based hands cleaners are also effective. Avoid touching your eyes, nose or mouth. Germs spread  that way. Try to  avoid close contact with sick people. Influenza is thought to spread mainly person-to-person  through coughing or sneezing of infected people. Ifyou get sick, CDC recommends that you stay home from work or school andlimit contact with others to keep from infecting them. Swine Flu Resources on AmazonThe History Channel Presents: Toxic Agents, Viruses, Chemical & Biological Warfare (2-DVD Set, 8-Documentaries, 2008): On The Trail of A Killer Virus / Smallpox: Deadly Again? / Outbreak! New Plagues / Doomsday Flu / SARS And The New Plagues / Clouds of Death / Insidious Killers / Chemical & Biological Weapons (Total 6 hrs 40 min)Amazon Price: $7.99List Price: $199.60Global Time Bomb: Surviving the H1N1 Swine Flu Pandemic and Other Global Health ThreatsAmazon Price: $15.95GIANT Microbes Plush Doll Swine Flu (Influenza A virus H1N1)Amazon Price: $8.86List Price: $8.95Charlie Rose - Swine Flu / David Kessler / Food Safety (October 21, 2009)Amazon Price: $24.95Swine Flu / H1N1 - The Facts (Export Edition)Amazon Price: $3.00List Price: $12.95Swine Flu: The New PandemicAmazon Price: $6.99Adult Washable Cotton Fabric Fashion Face Mask for Protection Against Flu Germs and Allergies -- Bright Pink Swirls with Black and White Polka Dot RibbonAmazon Price: $10.95Charlie Rose - Swine Flu / David Kessler / Food Safety (October 21, 2009)Amazon Price: $1.99Warning Swine Flu Test Subject Keep Back Sign Logo Men's Tee Short Sleeve Size XL WhiteAmazon Price: $12.99List Price: $17.99Slime FluAmazon Price: $11.01List Price: $17.98Some other things to consider with the Swine FluAlthough as of yet there are no hard and fast rules concerning travel, I would really stop and seriously think about traveling right now. Myself, I would definitely not go to Mexico at this time unless it was absolutely necessary. Mexico City is ground zero for the Swine Flu and THOUSANDS of people have been infected and over 100 people have died. This virus is VERY CONTAGIOUS and that is why cases are popping up all over the globe. New cases being reported daily. The H1N1 swine flu has all the characteristics of becoming a PANDEMIC - and could and will probably evolve. When it does it could get even more lethal as it comes back around in it's second or third wave. Although some cases in the United States have seemed relatively mild, that could change as the swine flu virus changes it's makeup."This is the closest we have been to a pandemic in a long time. I think it is a serious concern because there is clear evidence that it is spread from person to person, that there is a high fatality rate, and it is a nasty infection." (University of NSW Professor of Infectious Diseases Epidemiology Raina MacIntyre.)This is also a good time to take a good look at your emergency and first aid supplies. In case of a flu pandemic do you have first aid for your family in your home? Do you have enough water and food to last you several weeks and possibly months? Do you have emergency plans for your family in case of a natural disaster or global flu epidemic? These are very important things to ask your self right now. This is not to scare you but to warn you of what COULD happen. In case of a severe H1N1swine flu epidemic hospitals will be overwhelmed. Many people will be sick and need care. Are you able to work from home in case you could not go to work? Do you have a garden that you could get fresh vegetables from in case resources and supplies were in short supply?These may seem like overwhelming things to have to think about but the time to plan is now. The H1N1 Swine Flu has the potential for turning into a really nasty situation and it's imperative that families plan right away. Like one of my favorite sayings goes: "When the time for action comes, the time for preparation has passed". Please look for future hubs on helping your family survive the swine flu. I will gather as much information as I can to keep you informed on things you can do to help you and your family.CDC on Twitter here:  http://twitter.com/CDCemergency(Dorsi Diaz reports on Climate Change for the San Francisco Examiner and is a freelance Internet writer and publisher )Your Thoughts on the Swine FluAre you worried about a Swine Flu Pandemic? Yes No I think it's being over-ratedSee results without votingThe World Health Organization WebsiteWHO | Current WHO phase of pandemic alertSwine influenza27 April 2009 -- The Emergency Committee, established in compliance with the International Health Regulations (2005), held its second meeting on 27 April 2009. The Committee considered available data on confirmed outbreaks of A/H1N1 sThe Latest Swine Flu News and Updates from the CDCPress Briefing Transcript: Dr. Thomas Frieden's Remarks at the 2010 Influenza Workshop for JournalistsTranscript from Dr. Thomas Frieden's remarks at the 2010 Influenza Workshop for Journalists held Monday, August 23, 2010. - 4 months agoHHS News Release: WHO Declares End to 2009 H1N1 Influenza PandemicHealth and Human Services (HHS) press release outlines implications for United States of WHO declaration that the 2009 H1N1 pandemic has ended. - 5 months agoWHO Statement on H1N1 in post-pandemic periodDirector-General's opening statement at virtual press conference; August 10, 2010 - 5 months agoLatest News on H1N1 Swine flu virusCIDRAP >> Novel H1N1 Influenza (Swine Flu)LATEST NEWS ON H1N1 Swine Flu virus from theCenter for Infectious Disease Research & PolicyAcademic Health Center -- University of Minnesotavote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful How To Be A Good Step-ParentMeth Use and Symptoms - What Are the Signs and Symptoms of Someone Using Methamphetamines?CommentsHawkesdream20 months ago Very interesting and informative, think the idea to stock up is a good one, this hadn't crossed my mind .Iphigenia20 months ago hi Dorsi - it must be scary for you where you live. I'm in the south of France, there are a few cases across Europe - but I don't feel personally threatened as yet. I will follow the basic precautions of course, it could arrive here as the homiday season progresses and more vistors arrive.This is an important hub - amazing that books and t-shirts are already out there !Nancy's Niche20 months ago Very informative article---I have an issue with our governments refusal to ban travel into or out of the United States until the Swine Flu virus is neutralized. ocbill20 months ago good info. I think the govt simply needs to screen people going and out of the airports. Yikes, I hate traveling on planes with people sneezing and coughing behind you.Christ's Assistant Serving Immediately20 months ago I think this hub is nothing but a high spectacle. I myself trust in the Lord! I rebuke anyone who uses this to sell T-shirts, ect, all in the name of this flu. God will punish the guilty!Dorsi20 months ago Thank you everyone for dropping by and reading about the latest on the swine flu. Hopefully this was helpful information to help you plan for you and your family.Nancy) I agree with you. Border restrictions should have been in place days ago....Christs assistant) I agree with you. I removed the ads with the t-shirts. Those randomly come up in my ebay placement. I think t-shirts and the like are in very poor taste. I have however left the emergency and first aid kits up because I think everyone should have one anyway- swine flu or not.Thanks for stopping by.Lissie20 months ago The interesting thing is that as far as I know, that only in Mexico has there been fatalities. There are about 10 confirmed cases in New Zealand from a school party - but it doesn't even sound like the kids are badly ill. I believe swine flu is much more easy to spread with person to person contact than bird flu was? How is US border security dealing with masked people arriving - that's the best solution - wear a face mask - you might want to add that into the hub. In Asia anyone with a cold wears a mask - its considered polite not to spread your germs around - and I see the pics here that the medical people at the airports have masks and gloves.Rose Ella Morton20 months ago Look like everybody is just trying to lay-low. I got concern when I heard it was at level 4.  Which sounds low. but the swine flu only goes up to level 6?SOULFLOW20 months ago Im a little nervous about this! Not too much though! Guess Im just gonna have to stay in the house...maybe the library is not so much a good idea. Huh? Love you mom. Keep up the great work!earnestshub20 months ago A very useful and informative hub Dorsi. I am in Australia, and we have no confirmed cases yet. I admit to being scared about my Mexican and US friends though. I do hope you all listen to as much advice as you can.sammyaddams20 months ago thank you for providing this helpful information.  Being a mother I find my self very worried at the moment, I will be reading your upcoming hubs on the swine flu.futonfraggle20 months ago Thanks for sharing this information, Dorsi. I'm the first person to admit that all of this news is quite alarming but I'm not sure swine flu should be classified as a pandemic - YET. The common flu kills 36,000 Americans each year. I can only imagine how many people it kills globally each year. I guess the biggest fear I have is that the American government isn't telling us about fatalities. I mean, not one American has died of swine flu. I heard about the Mexican baby that died in Texas, very sad. But what constitutes a pandemic? Why hasn't TB or the common flu been labeled as such in recent years?pgrundy20 months ago Thank you Dorsi. I have a bad feeling about this. The fact that so many people are just kind of making jokes about it and shrugging it off as one more diversionary scare tactic makes me even more nervous. It has that 'little boy who cried wolf' feeling to it, in that we've had so much phony 'shock and awe' from our government to scare us into compliance that now, if something really bad IS happening, no one is going to take it seriously.Stocking up is a good idea, I'm going to do it today. Thank you.The Good Cook20 months ago Thanks for the informative and thought provoking hub. I hadn't really been following this but knowing that so many have died already adds an element of urgency to the situation. Thanks.Everyday Miracles20 months ago How are we to discern the difference between seasonal allergy symptoms and flu symptoms? I'm in Indiana so not *yet* at a huge risk, but my daughter and I both have allergy symptoms. She's 16 months old. What should we be doing? Am I looking specifically for fever?Good grief, I didn't worry about the Avian flu or West Nile or any of that nonsense, but this time around, Dorsi, you're right, it just seems different!Tiptopcat20 months ago I was talking to a work colleague about this new variation of flu.  She argued the point that whenever people talk about people dying from this or avian flu, they never compare it to the number of people who normally die from regular flu.  Now I don't know what the figures for this sort of thing normally is but I thought it was an interesting point that she made.ReuVera20 months ago There is some controversy in all this swine-flue situation. If you take the information from all the news critically you'll see the point. Somebody needs all this panic among people.But, anyway, some elementary precautions will be nice. Wash your hands, don't go to crowded places and take vitamins!badcompany9920 months ago Great hub on a scary topic, lets hope it doesnt get out of control.ripplemaker20 months ago Hi Dorsi, thanks for this informative hub.  The swine flu is all over the news.  So I was on my way to research on it when I saw your hub.   Thanks for the reminders of protecting ourselves. I'm wondering, is there a cure so far?Marcus Aurelius20 months ago We've become a nation of Howard Hugheses.@Ripplemaker, there are no cures for any viral infection. Once you have a viral infection you are on for the ride, there seems to be a few things that claim to moderate it (e.g. tamiflu) but no "cures" as such. It is possible to acquire immunity to a particular flu strain via vaccination, but am not certain if there is a vaccination for this the H1N1 virus yet or if there will ever be one. If this bug popped up in the fall or in Asia we'ld not be hearing about it.Marcus Aurelius20 months ago @Tiptocat,The number I see is about 35,000 people per year die as a result of the seasonal flu. Interestingly enough, most of the deaths are from bacterial secondary infections not from the flu itself. You can be fairly certain, most of those are those with compromised immune systems. See futonfraggle's note.izettl20 months ago The only thing I worry about is having enough anitibiotics and supplies to fight it if it becomes something serious.I used to not worry about these things until I had a baby and she is obviously in the high risk age group so I worry now for her.Dolores Monet20 months ago Dorsi, not to sound flip but the best thing to do is to catch the flu this spring. In general, the spring flu is a milder strain of the same flu that comes around the following fall and winter in a more virulent form. Once you have a strain of flu you are immune forever, unlike flu vaccines that only protect you for a few months. So get the flu in spriing and be safe next winter when it could be really bad!Lgali20 months ago Great hub on a this topic thnaksDY5L3X1A19 months ago Informative post. For someone who hasn't been following the swine flu story this really filled me in on alot of stuff. Thanks!DY5L3X1Ahub-hub16 months ago bravo hubmaybe this site will help you with more informationhttp://pathfinding.cnMeam Wye15 months ago Quite an informative and timely hub.google bizkit14 months ago this is the swine flu is the horrible and it effect very faster we should cover and protect our family form getting in touch we should cover our face and boady parts and should avoid all our friends to come in contact woth us it will really help a lotSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesLatest H1N1 Swine Flu in the NewsWelsh GPs get swine flu jab stockBBC News11 hours agoSupplies of swine flu jab vaccine are being released to GPs in Cardiff and the Vale on Glamorgan from Monday to make up for a shortage of seasonal flu jabs.H1N1 flu cases top 1,000 in AlbertaThe Delta Optimist3 days agoOn the same day the public learned a second Alberta woman had died after contracting swine flu, a local infectious disease doctor called the H1N1 flu pandemic "the most important" health event of the last 40 years.Obesity raises swine flu dead ratePress TV6 hours agoCompared with normal weight people, extremely obese individuals are at a higher risk of dying from H1N1 infection also known as swine flu, a new study says.Pandemic News H1N1 Flu 2009Influenza update - 30 December 2010The Global Influenza Programme monitors influenza activity worldwide and publishes an update every two weeks. - 11 days agoInfluenza update - 17 December 2010The Global Influenza Programme monitors influenza activity worldwide and publishes an update every two weeks. - 2 weeks agoInfluenza update - 3 December 2010The Global Influenza Programme monitors influenza activity worldwide and publishes an update every two weeks. - 4 weeks ago99DorsiFrom San Francisco Bay Area1457 Followers158 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by DorsiContact DorsiFollow DorsiSubscribe to Dorsi's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Dorsi a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsIs the Swine flu a real epidemic or a media created one?asked by bdecourcey09 14 months ago7 answersAnswer this questionHow many people have died from Swine flu? Is the panic justified?asked by Roduni 19 months ago12 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsMore Information Than You Wish About H1N1 and H1N5by RNMSNTracking Swine Flu Vaccine & Its Side Effectsby LiamBeanPreparation: Family Emergency Survival Kits for Disastersby DorsiSWINE FLU, H1N1...............A PANDEMIC?by fastfretaHow to Check Your Own Sperm Count at Homeby Singular InvestorPandemic Influenza -  H1N1 (Human Swine Flu)by DynamicS Colds and the Flu ForumTopicRepliesDown with bad cold, sore throat and high temperature...posted by Home Girl16Wow, The Flu Is Much Larger Then Meposted by Dale Mazurek8Are you getting the H1N1 (Swine Flu) vaccine?posted by SimeyC69Post a new topic8 more topics Tagshealth advice children tips virus flu Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 2.773 sec)  working