I Know I will Love Again: Getting Over A Break-up, Heartbreak Poems and Heartbreak QuotesHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsGender and RelationshipsRelationship Problems and AdviceBreaking UpI Know I will Love Again: Getting Over A Break-up, Heartbreak Poems and Heartbreak QuotesI Know I will Love Again: Getting Over A Break-up, Heartbreak Poems and Heartbreak Quotes78rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy MoyraGetting Over A Break-Up and Finding Love AgainRelationship break-ups are so hard to get over. They comeladen with so much pain, self-loathing, guilt and numerous other negativeemotions. Initially we are convinced that we will never get over the break-up andthat we will never find love again. While it may be hard to believe right now thatsimply is not true. You can and you will get over the break-up as long as youtake the necessary steps to heal and recover. And yes you will also love again. Getting overa break-up and loving again requires positive actions on your part and this articlegives you 10 ways to get over a break-up, an inspirational heartbreak poem tohelp you survive a break-up, and links to heartbreak quotes. I hope that this article will help you in healing your brokenheart and starting the journey back to love again.How to Heal a Broken Heart in 30 Days: A Day-by-Day Guide to Saying Good-bye and Getting On With Your LifeAmazon Price: $6.78List Price: $13.99The Journey from Abandonment to Healing: Turn the End of a Relationship into the Beginning of a New LifeAmazon Price: $7.49List Price: $16.00How to Survive the Loss of a LoveAmazon Price: $3.85List Price: $7.95It's Called a Breakup Because It's Broken: The Smart Girl's Break-Up BuddyAmazon Price: $6.96List Price: $14.00Rebuilding: When Your Relationship Ends, 3rd Edition (Rebuilding Books; For Divorce and Beyond)Amazon Price: $10.82List Price: $17.95How to Break Your Addiction to a PersonAmazon Price: $7.99List Price: $15.00Creative Visualization: Use the Power of Your Imagination to Create What You Want in Your Life (Gawain, Shakti)Amazon Price: $7.09List Price: $12.95Women Who Love Too Much: When You Keep Wishing and Hoping He'll ChangeAmazon Price: $7.50List Price: $16.00Obsessive Love: When It Hurts Too Much to Let GoAmazon Price: $8.98List Price: $16.0010 Ways to Get Over A Break-up and Find Love AgainWhile these break-up remedies may be hard to swallow or do,they are necessary if you are having a problem getting over your ex. So hardas they are do your best to implement them and get your family and friends tohelp you and support you. 1. Cut off ALL contact with your ex until you are completelyover them. Get rid of all contact information you have for your ex. Thisincludes email addresses, phone numbers, Facebook and Twitter profiles etc. Getone of your friends to support you in not contacting your ex. Everytime you aretempted to call your ex, call your friend/support buddy instead. Also changeyour contact information if your ex keeps communicating with you. 2. Get rid of all reminders of your ex. This includes gifts,photographs, mementos and anything that may remind you of your ex. You candonate gifts to charity, or throw things away or if you cant bring yourself todo that then put everything in a trunk and ask a friend or family member tostore it for you until you are completely over your ex. 3. Stop thinking and talking about your ex and your formerrelationship. I know this is easier said than done but after the initial phasewhen you have told all your friends your sob story make a commitment and effortto no longer talk about it. And under no circumstance should you regale newlove interests with stories about your ex. Get your friends to stop you orinterrupt you when you start talking about your ex. Also request family membersand friends not to talk about him/her. When you find yourself brooding andthinking about your ex find something else to do. 4. Stop going to your old hang-out spots or places you andyour ex used to go together. Do not stalk your ex, dont drive by their houseor their gym or places where they like to hang out. Find new places to go toand hard as it may be avoid running into your ex which is best done by avoidingtheir hang-out spots. Move if you have to. 5. Make a list of all the bad qualities that your ex has and theundesirable relationship qualities they have. Every time you start thinkingpositive thoughts of your ex and thinking about what a great relationship youhad and how perfect he was for you, pull out your Bad List and read over it.You will soon see how wrong he was for you and you will be thanking your luckystars that he/she is gone ;-)6. Break-ups dent your self-esteem and make you feel rottenabout yourself so you must start taking measures to feel good about yourself.First and foremost, STOP BLAMING YOURSELF for the break-up. There is nothingwrong with you. Some relationships are meant forever and others arent so letit be. Accept the break-up without apportioning blame to yourself or your ex. 7. Use positive affirmations to regain your self-confidenceafter a break-up. Say things like, I am beautiful inside and out and deservingof love. Or any other positive affirmation that comes to mind. Also write alist of all the good qualities about yourself, carry it around and look at itwhenever you are feeling down. If you are having trouble developing a list ofyour good qualities ask your friends and family to help. 8. Pamper yourself and take care of yourself. Maybe you wereused to your mate pampering you and that is one of the things you miss. Sotreat yourself. Take yourself out to the spa. Take yourself and some buddiesout to dinner. Buy yourself things you like. If your ex never spoilt you now isthe time to spoil yourself. However, do it all within your budget and dontover compensate by spending money you do not have. The idea is to spoilyourself and this does not have to cost a lot of money. It mostly entailssetting time aside to do something you love or do something good for yourself.Exercise and eat right and dont let yourself go just because your ex has gone :-).9. Stay busy and find new hobbies or re-kindle old ones. Youknow the old saying: an idle mind is the devils workshop. So stay busy withpositive activities.  10. Lastly open your heart and mind to a new love. By thetime you get to step 9 you should be in a more positive frame of mind and onyour path to healing. Once you have healed it is time to find love again. (Mostof us seek love in the midst of healing or as part of healing, not a good ideait rarely ever works). Start off by writing a list of all the qualities youseek in your perfect mate. Write down what your perfect relationship would be.Then visualize or create an image of you in your ideal relationship with yourideal mate. Sometimes it helps to actually get a photograph of a person wholooks like your perfect mate and use this for your visualization exercises.  Aside from visualizing you must also open yourheart and mind to the prospect of finding a new love and the love that is bestfor you. All the best in your journey to finding love again. Mending My Broken Heart by Tim Houlihan from Wikimedia: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Mending_my_broken_heart.JPGBooks About How to Find Love and Your SoulmateLove in 90 Days: The Essential Guide to Finding Your Own True LoveAmazon Price: $4.74List Price: $21.99If I'm So Wonderful, Why Am I Still Single?: Ten Strategies That Will Change Your Love Life ForeverAmazon Price: $8.52List Price: $14.95Why Mr. Right Can't Find You: The Surprising Answers that will Change your Life...and HisAmazon Price: $9.51List Price: $15.95Love Will Find You: 9 Magnets to Bring You and Your Soulmate TogetherAmazon Price: $8.96List Price: $14.95How to Be a People Magnet : Finding Friends--and Lovers--and Keeping Them for LifeAmazon Price: $6.48List Price: $16.95I Know I Will Love Again: An Inspirational Heartbreak Poem by Injete ChesoniWhen you left meMy heart shattered into a million little pieces,My life crumbled under your feet.As you walked out that door,You took my soul with you,Onto that old cobbled street.At first I could not accept it,There was no way that you were gone.I played this song over and over,Tomorrow he will come back home.And tomorrow turned into a million yesterdays,As my life slowly wilted away.I became a drooping flower,Thirsting every day.But still I could find no water,For my source it was only one.And it dried up forever for me,when your love became undone.I thought I would die without you,And I slowly counted the days,When I would meet my savior,In a loveless haze.But the days turned into years,And still I was on this earth,Nobody came to save me,From my loveless hearth.Then one day I finally realized,That you were never coming back again.And as long as I kept hoping for you,My heart would be in pain.A broken heart shattered in pieces,Can never love again.So I opened up my door,And I stepped gingerly onto that old street.Walking down that path to loveSo scary and yet oh so sweet.I Know I Will Love Again:  An Inspirational Love Poem From Break-up Poems by Injete Chesoni10 Heartbreak Quotes and Love Quotes1. You will never knowtrue happiness until you have truly loved, and you will neverunderstand what pain really is until you have lost it. - Anonymous2.  Love never dies anatural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish itssource. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies ofillness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of withering, of tarnishing. - Anais Nin3. Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation. - Kahlil Gibran4. I was never one topatiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again andtell myself that the mended whole was as good as new. What is broken isbroken - and I'd rather remember it as it was at its best than mend itand see the broken places as long as I lived. - Margaret Mitchell5. An act of love thatfails is just as much a part of the divine life as an act of love thatsucceeds, for love is measured by fullness, not by reception. - Harold Loukes6. Have you ever been inlove? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens yourchest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can getinside you and mess you up. - Neil Gaiman7. The greatest tragedy of life is not that men perish, but that they cease to love. - W. Somerset Maugham8. If you love someone,let them go. If they return to you, it was meant to be. If they don't,their love was never yours to begin with. - Anonymous9. The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost. - G. K. Chesterton10. Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go. - Hermann Hesse Links for Heartbreak Quotes, Break Up Poems and Heartbreak PoemsThe Healing Heart: Break-up PoemA break-up poem by Gary Hess. "A poem about how my heart is still healing over a lost relationship.""Sadness comes to end, happiness conquered hate.Love sprouting -- sadness shrinking, hope has come again." Love break-up poems.Famous Heartbreak QuotesWebsite with Heartbreak Quotes, love quotes, famous quotes, inspirational quotes and an assortment of other quotes.Heartbreak Quotes and Verses from Heartbreak Poems and SongsHeartbreak quotes, short verse from heartbreak song, short verse from Charlotte Bronte's, "Parting."Healing Rain: A Sad Break-up Love Poem and Sad Love QuotesA sad break-up love poem and sad love quotes.If I Had Known: Love's MemoriesA short sad love poem about the loss of a loved one.Parting, Poem by Charlotte Bronte"There's no use in weeping,Though we are condemned to part: There's such a thing as keeping, A remembrance in one's heart..."vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful (1)Commentsdcrisan16 months ago Really enjoyed reading your hub.Moyra16 months ago Hi dcrisan, thanks I am glad you enjoyed it.Tom Rubenoff15 months ago I so enjoy the intelligent and learned way you approach your subjects.  This hub is another excellent example.  Thank youMoyra15 months ago Hi Tom thanks so much for the encouraging comment.hgsouth15 months ago Nice thoughtsMoyra15 months ago Hi hgsouth, thanks for the comment.Lee Thacker14 months ago I like the way your brain thinks, makes me feel alive listening to what your thinking, very cool...Keep it up ...PS Now I Know Why I bookmarked your page ;-) ...Hope you are doing well,Moyra12 months ago Hi Lee thanks for the encouraging comment.aefrancisco11 months ago Thanks for sharing :)Moyra11 months ago Hi aefrancisco thanks for reading the hub and commenting.Jessica Mc Shine11 months ago Nice hub Moyra!Moyra11 months ago Hi Jessica thanks.Anamika S11 months ago All those Tips make sense. Once he is 'out of sight' he would be 'Out of mind' as well. Clutter clearing is an essential part if you want to move on with your life.Moyra11 months ago Hi Anamika thanks for the comment and good advice.sweet_sacrifice11 months ago Good sharing.But it's not easy for me to make it.Moyra11 months ago Hi Sweet Sacrifice. Sorry for the pain that you are going through. I know it sounds cliche but it really will get better with time. All the best.sameerk5 months ago nice hub moyraMoyra5 months ago Hi Sameer thanks glad you enjoyed it.Dojust3 months ago Honestry thanks 4 encourage me...I believe i'll....Moyra3 months ago Hi Dojust thanks for the comment and I am glad you found the hub encouraging.mitra baral3 months ago thnx 2 encourage......Moyra3 months ago Hi Mitra you're welcome and thanks for the comment. All the best.Aik8 weeks ago Nice hub , I like how you added poems and quotes.Courtney6 weeks ago It still hurts everyday. almost a year gone now and he still plays on my mind. how do i truly let go if my heart won't allow it too?Moyra6 weeks ago Hi Aik thanks glad you enjoyed it. Hi Courtney I am sorry for the pain you are going through. It is your mind not your heart that won't let go. You can keep on loving a person but find a way to stop that love from hurting you. Try out some of the tips in this article and hopefully they will help you in the healing process. All the best and I hope you heal and find love again.dympz4 weeks ago very inspiring =)Moyra4 weeks ago Hi Dympz thanks glad you enjoyed it.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites87Moyra142 Followers32 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by MoyraContact MoyraFollow MoyraSubscribe to Moyra's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Moyra a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsGuys, what did you do to get your ex-girlfriend back?asked by stricktlydating 16 months ago11 answersAnswer this questionwhy can't I get that flawless skin if everybody agrees  that my lifestyle is more than healthy?asked by roseMY 3 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsHeart Broken? Struggle With Your Feelings and Pain: The...by cottontailRelationships Ending: The Five Stages of Grief After a...by Kathryn VercilloEnding a Friendshipby stephhicks68How To End A Long Term Relationshipby stricktlydatingTop 10 Reasons why  People get Divorced by Anamika SHow to accept your breakup: splittingby Sarah Horth Breaking Up ForumTopicRepliesNeed knowledge/experience and adviceposted by Miichan2I broke it off but i still love him - should we still try? posted by emotionalchick24I dont know when to end it. Please HELPposted by _ineed2Bprttyagn_54Post a new topic10 more topics Tagslove relationship finding love broken heart heartbreak love poem Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.212 sec)  working