StepLand Survival Basics for Bio-DaddiesHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingParenting Skills, Styles and AdviceFatherhoodStepLand Survival Basics for Bio-DaddiesStepLand Survival Basics for Bio-Daddies60rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy C.E. GrantYou can create your own peace & happiness with better choices & clear boundaries! Better choices create a better future.  Create a better future with better boundaries!Gone Fishin'Winston B-IIt Fly Rod 4wt 8ft 0in 4pc WoodAmazon Price: $695.00Eastern Trout Fly Fishing Flies Sampler Plus Fly BoxAmazon Price: $17.95List Price: $33.95Bio-Daddy Boundary BasicsWould you like your kids to be happier in their new, post-divorce life? Would you like your X to move past the role of Space Invader? Would you like your friends & family to enjoy your new primary partner? Would you like your X's family to keep their commentary on your new life quiet?You can have all of this, & you can have it, starting today, for the low, low price of setting clear, firm, inviolable boundaries for your kids, for your X, & for your pre-divorce social set! It's simpler than you may think.Here are the Bio-Daddy Boundary Basics to get you going in the right direction! Just follow these guidelines, do the work, & have a nicer life. You deserve it!Boundaries for Your KidsLet's start with this, since your kids really do need boundaries when they're spending time with you anywhere. Hey, you & I both know that these kids are going to run into a situation sooner or later that will require them to follow guidelines & respect the needs & wishes of others as much as they do their own. Why not give them that great headstart by letting them practice now?Success Step #1: Give your kids "The Talk". Originally designed for little kids, this tool has proved useful with kids all the way up to the age of 25! All you need is a little tweak here & there to make it your own & still get the message across. The sooner you share "The Talk", the sooner you'll have peace in your home, a better relationship with your kids, & a better relationship with your new primary partner.Here's "The Talk":There's Mommy's house & Daddy's house. Mommy runs Mommy's house by Mommy's rules. Mommy has everything just the way she likes it. Daddy runs Daddy's house by Daddy's rules. Daddy has everything just the way he likes it. You live in one or both of these houses. You are welcome in both Mommy's house & Daddy's house, but they are not your houses. You will have your own house just the way you like it when you're grown up & buy or lease your very own home. For now, you're a kid, & you live in Mommy's house &/or Daddy's house. You don't make the rules; Mommy & Daddy make the rules. You do not decide what happens & how things are; Mommy & Daddy decide what happens & how things are.Deciding all of that grown-up stuff is too much pressure for you. You don't yet have the experience to make those choices quickly, without losing time for fun stuff. We want you to have maximum time for fun stuff & to enjoy being a kid. That's why Mommy makes the rules at her house & Daddy makes the rules at his house--so that you can have more fun & just be a kid. Mommy & Daddy love you very much in their own houses & want you there with them, doing things the way they like it in each house, following the rules in each house. That's how it is, since you're a kid. You're loved, you're welcome, & your job is to follow the rules in Mommy's house & in Daddy's house, even if the rules are different in each house. You're really smart, we know this, so following different rules in Mommy's house & Daddy's house is really easy for you! We know you can do it, which is why we expect you to do it, so do it...n-o-w.Why does "The Talk" work so well?The Talk directly addresses your childrens primal survival fears & their jealousy of your new life & the way in which you choose to spend it.The Talk completely dispels any thought that your children have any right to have any say in how you live or who you love; it makes clear that they are not your co-equal decision makers, they are your children. The Talk clarifies that you have the right to live as you choose, with whom you choose, any way you choose, because you are an adult & you have earned that right.The Talk states clearly that you have boundaries in your home that you have the authority to set & to enforce. The Talk also makes it clear that you expect your children to honor the boundaries that you set in your home; there is no wiggle room. The Talk is kind, its gentle, its cheery, & its language is neutral.Success Step #2: Draft House Rules for your kids with your new primary partner.What are your goals for your kids? Really think about that question before you answer.Now, are you currently parenting? If you want your kids to get along well in life, to do well personally & professionally, to be happy, to have peace, to enjoy enriching relationships, to be self-sufficient & independent, then you'd better parent...& you'd best start with House Rules.Your House Rules should be clear & concise. The rule of thumb is "little rules for little kids, bigger rules for bigger kids", especially since teens & young adults will definitely take every rule literally, pick it apart, & look for the loopholes.Be smart when you're drafting your House Rules with your primary partner. Think about making rules that will encourage self-sufficiency, development of an ethical code, personal accountability, beautiful behaviors, & respect for all things, animate & inanimate.Once you've got your rules made up, set rewards for following the rules & set consequences for not following the rules. This is easier than it sounds. Here are some tips & tricks to help you keep on track:Remember that House Rules let your kids see that their choices create their outcomes. Remember that House Rules let your kids see that they will always get your attention as their father, it's just a matter of whether they choose to have your attention for a positive or a negative reason.Remember that House Rules help your kids to become better people. They're not going to be little forever, & you want them to be great grown-ups!Rewards & consequences should not be financial, should not duck a task that builds self-sufficiency (*ahem*...a.k.a., "chores"), & should not cancel out the point of any other House Rule in your list.Rewards that work include 10 minutes of PC/gaming time/TV, picking out an entree for a family meal, & a special outing to a favorite place (i.e., the bookstore, the museum, the park).Consequences that work include going to bed 10 minutes earlier than standing bedtime, losing 10 minutes of PC/gaming/TV time, no iPod/cell phone/PC/GameBoy for a period of time, & losing a turn to select a family meal or a fun outing.It's tough to set rules & to parent, especially if you've never done it before consistently, but if you have any doubts about doing it today, think about the most obnoxious, whiny, self-absorbed, unethical, cutthroat person at your workplace & know that that will be your kid, all grown up someday, if you don't parent your kids n-o-w, before they're out in the Big Wide World of rules & regulations & expectations. (Chilling thought, isn't it? Are you motivated now?)Type these House Rules up, & sit down with your kids to give them their copies, while you go over every single rule with them. If you've had some increasing resistance from your kids toward your new primary partner & your primary partner's enthusiasm for them has been waning, it's really effective to have your honey sit next to you while you review the rules with your kids. Here's why:Your kids will see that you two are a parenting team, a couple, & united in your purpose.Your kids will see that these rules come from you, as their father, & not from your primary partner.Your kids will see that you are comfortable owning & exercising your authority in your home, as a man & as a parent.If you have the energy & the interest, you can get your kids poster board & have them make posters of the House Rules, showing off their artistic flair. When you & your primary partner & your kids are all done & the art is all dried, you can pop them into inexpensive tube-&-Plexiglass poster frames & hang this art all over your home in prominent places.Here's how you use these posters to help you parent your kids.When the kids violate a House Rule, take them to their poster, point out the rule broken, & share the consequences. Be cheerful, kind, neutral, & firm ~ you know, professional. If they don't like the consequences, just remind them, "I'm sorry the consequence doesn't suit you. You may want to consider following the rule, so that you can enjoy a better result next time." When the kids follow a House Rule, take them to their poster, point out the rule followed, & share their rewards. Be enthusiastic, happy, & ~ once again ~ professional. Congratulate them warmly, "I'm so proud of you for choosing a happy result that we can all celebrate! Good job! I'm proud of you! [Primary partner's first name] & I are so proud of you!" There are lots of great benefits from making & enforcing House Rules:Your kids get the opportunity to develop habits of self-sufficiency, self-care, respect, ethics, & relating to others that will serve them for a lifetime.Your primary partner feels honored as your primary partner & relieved that you're giving your kids the boundaries that will help them to feel safe, secure, & loved.You & your kids have a closer, clear relationship, since your authority is established as the father.You & your primary partner have a closer, clear relationship, since your relationship as decision-making adults & as a parenting team is supported by House Rules.You are no longer the Bad Guy for setting boundaries, since those House Rules are once removed from you onto a typed up sheet of paper & even hanging on your walls. Your kids see the rules as requirements separate from you. They become the Law of the Land very quickly once you've put them on paper!Success Step #3: Set physical limits with your kids.These are the boundaries that work, & I would strenuously encourage you to put these in place, beginning today:Your kids need not ever be in your bedroom. Ever. That is your Love Nest, a place for grown-ups. If your kids want to hang out with you, they have the community areas of the house, or you can snuggle up with your kids on their beds while you read them a bedtime story. Your kids do not need to be rummaging around in the master bath or the personal storage areas belonging to you & your primary partner. Yep, you heard me. Keep those kids out of your drawers, closets, medicine cabinets, & any other storage area that you & your sweetheart use for your own personal items.If you or your sweetie have a home office, studio, or other workspace, your kids do not need to be in there at all. That's a work zone, the space that allows you to create the money you need to take care of your kids, & they need to respect that. I can hear you now: "Waaaaaahhhhh...my poor kids! Where CAN they go in the house?!" Oh, stop it! They have plenty of communal space in your home. If you're feeling resistant to these acceptable & effective boundaries, then perhaps it's not so much about square footage as it is about getting comfortable setting limits & boundaries with your kids.Yes, you did not feel the need for these boundaries before you divorced. However, you really do need these boundaries now!Your kids need to know how to be in the world. Unfortunately, post-divorce shennanigans like PAS can really change a kid's perspective & choices. These Success Steps & the particular physical boundaries are designed to prevent PAS & other nonsense from ever impacting your home, your primary partnership, & your kids while they're in your home. Boundaries for Your XThese are the boundaries that work! Get them implemented as quickly as possible. If you must go in baby steps, then do it, as long as it all gets done. However, I must warn you that whether you do it all at once or in little bits, your X is not likely to be happy with these boundaries, if she's been creating drama or playing Space Invader or treasure hunting, with or without the kids' help!Your X does not enter your home anymore. At all. Ever. Clear enough for you?Conversely, you do not enter her home anymore either, because you're a gentleman with a new life, a new love, & new business-only boundaries with your X.All communication from the X is now in writing. No phone calls. No personal coffees & lunches. No chats when your primary partner isn't around. There are a few tips on this last point:You & your primary partner set up an e-mail account just for communication about your kids' visitation schedule, transportation to/from visitation, transportation & events while they're in your care, medical & educational information that you need & to which you're entitled under state & federal legal code as a biological parent supporting your kids financially.Your X is to send all information, requests, & communications regarding ONLY THESE TOPICS to this e-mail address in a timely fashion that allows you & your primary partner at least 48 hours to respond.If your X cannot keep the communications focused on the business of bio-kids listed above, then you have it in writing & all future communication can go through either your attorney or a professional mediator.Now this may sound really, really harsh, but the reality is that at least 9 times out of 10, your X will be tempted to call you for something that is no longer your concern, or to get your goat, or seek your sympathy, because she's not quite sure how to move forward with her life. The longer your X stays stuck in this quandry, the more likely it is that she'll begin to behave very badly, practicing PAS, creating drama, & teaching your kids how to get results through negative manipulations. Believe me, you really don't want to have to undo all of that bad training, so nip it all in the bud! Set solid, clear boundaries with your X. Put them in writing, with a brief explanation that you feel this is the best way for everyone to move forward & for the kids to see that both parents are very professional & polite with one another. Have your attorney look over your letter. Send it to your X by post or e-mail. Boundaries with the Pre-Divorce SetThese are the folks that can make or break your newfound freedom in fits & starts. They're not around all the time, so you may feel that you can just grit your teeth & ride out any time that you might spend with them. My question is, "Why be uncomfortable?"You should never feel uncomfortable in front of others because they are judgmental & the object of their criticism is your excellent big life decision...say, like, getting a divorce for all the right reasons???So, hereis a menu ofthe boundaries that you need to set for your pre-divorce set to ensure positive interactions from here on out:Boundaries for Mutual Friends of You & Your X, Your Family & Your Friends"I am available to enjoy your company with my new primary partner.""I am unavailable to hear any criticism of my choice to divorce or of my new primary partner & our life together.""I am unwilling & unavailable to discuss with you my X, my kids, my divorce settlement, or my new primary partner." "I am willing & available to share with you the following non-divorce-related things: my interests, my growth, & my experiences.""I am available to accept invitations from you that include my new primary partner to events where we will be respected & welcome as a couple.""I am unavailable for any event, situation, comment, or communication that does not respect my post-divorce life, how I am choosing to live it, & with whom I am choosing to live it. Period."Boundaries for Your X's Family & Friends"I am unavailable to spend time with you, to discuss with you any facet of my post-divorce life, or to hear your commentary on me & my life."Now, if you are a service provider to someone who is your X's family member or friend, & you want to keep that client, you may say, "I am available & willing to maintain with you an entirely professional relationship. I am unavailable & unwilling to discuss my personal & my post-divorce life. If you are also available & willing to continue to maintain a professional client-service provider relationship, then that is great. If not, I can recommend to you some other service providers that I know & trust, & you & I can part friends right here."If you have really nosy X-people, you can always follow up your statement with a letter to the same effect. You may even like to send it from your attorney's office. People with really poor boundary recognition & lots of ill will tend to take a letter seriously, especially from someone they have known well, & who has stated his position clearly before. So, there's the bare-bones minimum that you can do to make your post-divorce home with the woman of your dreams a positive place filled with your happy kids, peace & quiet, & a loving, warm relationship with your primary partner.These are the Bio-Daddy Boundary Basics, based on lots & lots of research & personal practice! If you do these, I can assure you that you will have everyone's respect & appreciation in the long run...especially your own.Good luck! We're all pulling for you here in StepLand! 2010 C.E. GrantAttaboy!Stanley 8-Ounce Classic Flask (Hammertone Green)Amazon Price: $16.36List Price: $19.99Callaway Golf 8-Piece Iron SetAmazon Price: $500.00Yep, You're a Hero!  You Deserve Good Things!Versace Jeans Couture regular fit jeans, 36Amazon Price: $230.00Simple Men's  Toekyo Lace Up,Jungle Green,10.5 M USAmazon Price: $89.95Notre Dame ( University of ) NCAA Adult Varsity National Champions Wool/Leather JacketAmazon Price: $229.99List Price: $299.99vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny (1)Awesome Beautiful CommentsC.E. Grant8 months ago Dear deepthought:You are entirely welcome!  Your article deserved every authentic word from me.May you have every success & all happiness in your peaceful life, my dear.Warm regards...C.E. Grantdeepthought8 months ago C.E. thanks for your kind words and the comment you left on stepmother. It was very much appriciated. Sorry I'm just getting back to you now as I'm barely on the net. As of the last few months. Talk soon and good luck with the sales of your bookSubmit a CommentYou Must Sign In To CommentTo comment on this Hub, you must sign in or sign up and post using a HubPages account.78C.E. GrantFrom StepLand's Sunny Side16 Followers7 HubsJoined 10 months agoRead more hubs by C.E. GrantFollow C.E. GrantSubscribe to C.E. Grant's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk C.E. Grant a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsDoes anyone know of a good Indian cookbook?asked by Brupie 12 days ago3 answersAnswer this questionCan A Self Employed Person Collect Unemployment Benefits?asked by ngureco 17 months ago17 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsTo New Fathers - Don't Diss Daughtersby bogerkAbsent Father: Advice For The Single Momby PaulaHenry1Father's Love - The Importance of a Dadby stephhicks68How to be a Good Father to your Childrenby Anamika SMy Father Is a Man Worthy of Honor: Lessons Learned by a...by Jane GreyStepLand Survival Success Secret #2 With Success Steps!by C.E. Grant Parenting Skills, Styles and Advice ForumTopicRepliesWhen did you allow your child to have a bath alone?posted by L a d y f a c e7What resources do you use to educate your toddlers?posted by Quilligrapher8Dealing With an Explosive Childposted by TammyHammett21Post a new topic57 more topics Tagschildren parenting peace happiness divorce wife Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 2.592 sec)  working