15 Things that Can or Could Happen To You on a Bad Day and How to Deal With Them.HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceHome Schooling and Life Experience EducationSelf-Education Advice and Tips15 Things that Can or Could Happen To You on a Bad Day and How to Deal With Them.15 Things that Can or Could Happen To You on a Bad Day and How to Deal With Them.83rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy PearldiverWe deal with things differently. See all 6 photosAnd when your hat doesn't work?Life is a Test. Do you know all the answers or not?Get to know the 15 Things that Could Happen on a Bad Day and How To Deal With Them; the rest of you life depends on it. Most of us have experienced some of those days when everything seems to go wrong. If the wheels fall off or you're having a bad hair day; perhaps it may be something more than Murphy's Law that is at play. Everyone has times when things don't go according to plan. The main thing is not to let those times get you down. Sometimes it is best to consider that with the right attitude and outlook, you will usually always get though the rough days and find that you can look back on those times; with a smile! I find that by considering that the events to be merely life lessons and whatever the effects are that result from them; becoming stronger is a greater prize.When dealing with the Fifteen things that can happen to you on a bad day; I hope you may find that the following words are the most appropriate way to deal with those times. Try to stay positive and look at the funny side of what is happening. If you can do that; then you can do anything. Remember, it's alright to scream and it's alright to laugh at yourself. I bet that if you can call certain words out aloud; when things don't go according to plan... then you will find that what you yell out... will make someone smile! If you use my words; then it wil be you who is smiling at what just happened... So be happy... Enjoy.Some Days... Even your Spagetti seems to be all tied together! And.... What's Worse? Well I Ordered a Hawaian Pizza!!You Don't Have to Loose It. Just Smile and say, "Oosshit!"New Kindle Readers on Sale.Kindle Wireless Reading Device, Free 3G, 6" Display, White - 2nd GenerationAmazon Price: $189.00Kindle DX Wireless Reading Device, Free 3G, 3G Works Globally, Graphite, 9.7" Display with New E Ink Pearl TechnologyAmazon Price: $379.00And the right book helps too.Murder on a Bad Hair Day: A Southern Sisters MysteryAmazon Price: $4.36List Price: $7.99Thoughts for a Bad Hair DayAmazon Price: $6.09List Price: $10.95Bad Hair Days, Rainy Days, and Mondays: Wisdom and Encouragement to Lift a Woman's SpiritAmazon Price: $4.47List Price: $11.50God Doesn't Have Bad Hair DaysAmazon Price: $5.15List Price: $14.95No More Bad-Hair Days: A Woman's Journey Through Cancer, Chemotherapy and CopingAmazon Price: $358.94List Price: $9.95Permed to Death (Bad Hair Day Mystery 1)Amazon Price: $12.62List Price: $16.95A BAD HAIR DAY/AN ECLAIRE MYSTERYAmazon Price: $5.95Life is only what you make it. Just Say: "Wow, I CAN Do it!"  Just Try.... Even if you can't always do it in style!"Oosshit... Did I say that?"When you have an awesome day; but then someone rains on your parade;Just say, Oosshit Yep, Oosshit!Or In a bar youve just bought a girl a drink; then notice the extremely constant blink;Just say, Oosshit. Dont run or quit.When your dog jumps onto your bed and then starts farting beside your head;Just say Oosshit. You know. Oosshit!On poker night youve got a routine hand; but no one else will make a stand;Just think, Oosshit! At least I won it.And on the day youre tramping in a forest; take the wrong track and then get lost;Just whistle, Oosshit. Dont have a fit!When youre running late again and forget your ticket for the train;Say, Oosshit.. Oosshit!At the races you back the favorite horse; but it drops dead halfway round the course;Smile and say, Oosshit. Just take the hit.You just met your true love on the Net; but your lover hacks you without regret;Scream, Ooshit, Oosshit, Oooooooooooosshit!Or you work your fingers to the bone; but you partner just sits there and moans;Just mutter, Oosshit. I think its time to quit.Or youve just bought a brand new car; but crash without going very far:Cry Oosshit, Oosshit. Did I insure it?Then on the way back home; you loose your wallet and your phone;Whisper, Oosshit. Thats just great, Oosshit!And today your boss gave you rise; but his boss sacked you to downsize:You know the words that fit, Oosshit, Oosshit, Ooooooooooosshit!When everyone says the recession is to blame; but even the good times are the same;Forget Oosshit! Because it wont help one little bit. Just use your wit.Remember the first time in a barbers chair; when you noticed he had no hair?Did you think, Oosshit. Will I end up looking like a twit?Dont worry; at any time things could improve: Dont give up, dont even move;Get positive; youre on your way; from now on youll have all sunny days.Do you think you can handle it? Becoming a winner is the easy bit;If now you say, Oh Wow, I can do it! Instead of waiting to say Oosshit!This life we have is a test; the Big Guy wants you to always be your best;So believe you can and you will; but youll always have to climb a hill.Oosshit its just a bump so very small; you can do it and you wont fall;Just show the world who you can be; but trust in you and you will see!Embrace Your Life. Embrace Change. Smile at Yourself awhile! Copyright 2009 Pearldiver nzpol with all rights reserved."Oosshit.. What a Total Waste of Chicken Fettucine!" "Embrace Change? I Doubt it ... I'm Happy being a SourPuss!"Thanks for reading my works.  Pearldiver.Other works by the Pearldiver:You have to be able to enjoy yourself sometimes in your life. The art though is; being able to enjoy yourself all the time in your life. Do you enjoy reading things that make you smile or the serious stuff? Either way.. if need good quality reading; then try some more of Pearldiver works below:Samurai Ways in Life.Haiku of the Samurai Warrior.The Japanese Samurai were arguably the greatest warriors in modern history; living their entire life by the Code of Bushido; the samurai code of honor. In feudal Japan, the country was effectively ruled by...When the Workd was at War.World War 1 Flying Aces: ANZAC s who tamed the skies above the Trenches.To an entire generation of young men, army recruiters sold the Great War as a wonderful adventure, in picturesque places so far away. The world was at war; New Zealand and Australia were a distant part...Catching Big Fish.How to Catch Big Snapper for TeaThis is about How To Catch Big Snapper For Tea; how to catch good fish; regularly. Wherever in the world you are; 10% of fishermen catch 90% of the fish. Ask the 10% and you will find that the methods...New Fantastic Potatoes.The Very Best Techniques for Cooking the Worlds New Genetically Enhanced Potatoes.The Very Best Techniques for Cooking the World's New Genetically Enhanced Potatoes is here: The Tatoto. What is this new potato strain? A number of years have passed since the world was first introduced to...Thanks for reading my works.  I hope we can catch up again. vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny (6)Awesome (2)Beautiful How To: How To Train Your Younger Sibling: Five Lessons for Middle ChildrenCommentswordscribe4117 months ago Too funny, Pearldiver.  Just what I needed right now...  It's been a day.  A day, I tell you.Pearldiver17 months ago Wow.. You were quick off the blocks Laura. Yep I had to change the flow abit.  Sorry you've had one of those days..I hope this hub has helped; especially that special affirmation that just about sums up crappy days... lol. Thanks for reading this work WS.wordscribe4117 months ago Used that special affirmation far too many times today.  Mine occasionally came out a little differently... Will take your advice tomorrow, though. Even got busted by my daughter today.  Naughty, naughty, Laura.  It did help, got a laugh.Pearldiver17 months ago Hahaha, kids are really good at that.  How could that be though, I thought you kept your kids in a tent. lol. Take care Laura.. AND.. Always check your Rear Vision Mirror.Oosshit.... I see they gave me both an ad for stink feet and one for Tom Cruise's church!!!! lolmaven10117 months ago Another pearl from Pearldiver !! The Bumbletown Man of Reknown has did it again...Thanks my friend...LarryPearldiver17 months ago Hi Larry, thanks for calling, hope you enjoyed. Great minds my friend; I was just about to read your new works. See you at your place matey!BirteEdwards17 months ago Oohsshit you said it before me.Susana S17 months ago Funny & poingant - how do you do it?! Great stuff! Great message!Pearldiver17 months ago Hi Birte, I don't have an exclusive on the word & I certainly don't want that on all the events in this world, that could lead to the use of "Oosshit." You are most welcome to say it any time you please. But I hope you never have to as a result of good things happening to you, in the not so perfect space that we call "Our Life."  Thanks for calling Birte; always a pleasure.Pearldiver17 months ago Hi Susana, nice to see you producing the great stuff yourself. For me; in answer to your question, I would have to say: "I'm completely M.A.D. when it comes to seeing life through my eyes!! It may be I need glasses lol." I do appreciate your presence in this community Susana. Keep writing those gems and take care. Thanks for your positivity.Feline Prophet17 months ago LOL...what a simple solution to all the crap that life dishes out!Pearldiver17 months ago Hi Feline Prophet, Yep one for the believers of the Don't Worry - Be Happy set and those who can't seem to be able to climb out of the loo!  Thanks for calling in and your ever welcome comments.Janetta17 months ago Well I definitely needed this hub today! Thanks for the smile and now I know just what to say about my situation! :)Pearldiver17 months ago Hi there Janetta; if you can make someone smile every day then you can help change the world! lol. If a simple word can make a smile... Then imagine what a sentence can do. Thank you for calling and your post. Oh yeah Janetta, you Have to say it with a Smile.. good luck. Take care.SEM Pro17 months ago Love it Rob - too funny yet poignant indeed :) Now that's k.i.s.s.ing it! Great job :)Pearldiver17 months ago Hi Sylvia... Thanks for that.. short n not so sweet lol.Yep we all have those sorts of days; it's always better when someone else looses the plot! lol  Take care my friend.Ivorwen17 months ago Thanks for the funny advice!  Hopefully I won't have need of it today, but one never knows. :)Pearldiver17 months ago Hi Ivorwen thanks for reading and commenting on this. I also hope you have no need to use the advice; so you have a great day and I'll say it for both of us! Cheers.shibashake17 months ago Positive, funny, and great advice! Oosshit! I'll use that from now on - lol. You should include an audio recording so that I will know exactly how to say it :)Pearldiver17 months ago Hi Shibashake, thanks for reading and appreciating this.You pronounce it OSH-IT or anyway you please. Tare care.chickmelion17 months ago Oh wow... thank you for the good laugh!... You just made my morning! Have a beautiful day gorgeous!Pearldiver17 months ago Oosshit Chickmelion... With a comment like that; how could I Not Have a Great Day?  Thank you for enjoying this.Helen Cater16 months ago This is just great. I loved reading every word and it lifted me up. Been feeling a little like this and your words make sence. Very clever of you.xPearldiver16 months ago Thank you Helen.. If it lifted your spirits then it did it's job. And yes as you will find out when you first start out writing... Yep.. the words do make cents..lol. You take care, there is always an upside to a down day.cindyvine16 months ago This was fantastic!  Loved it!  And, where the hell is Bumbletown, you never said?Pearldiver16 months ago Hi Cindy.. Thanks for reading.. Glad you enjoyed it.. yeah nice try lol, but if you want the key to Bumble Town, as I said the clues are all there and besides, it's on Google etc. Take care.. Come and see me sometime.. the whitebait fritters await.rednckwmn16 months ago :)  see? thats me smiling!! this was great!Pearldiver16 months ago Hi Dennise, Ooshit..I'm not sure Exactly Why you're smiling; about the hub or what the other bug is doing in your avatar? Thanks for reading this and enjoying it. Take care.emdi15 months ago Well written hub. Thanks. I am looking forward to read more of your hubsPearldiver15 months ago Hi Emdi, Thanks for reading this work inspired by a series of really good bad hair days. I love your avatar and a cat that wears its watermelon proudly as if it is the most natural thing for a cat to do. Viva la difference! Take care and please... some more of your humor.galatea15 months ago LOL - That was great! I'm glad I stopped by to read this morning.Pearldiver15 months ago Hi galatea thanks for doing that. Glad you liked it. Good luck with your works and HP. Take care.prettydarkhorse12 months ago very nice Mr Rob, the believe in yourself and I can do it, YEHEY!!I came to drop by to greet you Happy holidays and may the new year brings more for you, the simple things you desire and want!Always, MaitaPearldiver12 months ago Hi Maita, Thank you. You have a great break too. Ummm Oosshit; I think I'd get my butt kicked if I made my New Year Resolution public. You Take Care PrettyDH. Enjoy this time.Pearldiver10 months ago Hello samboiam, thanks for reading this work...glad you enjoyed my hub.  I notice that you have placed an outgoing link to your account from here. Are you looking to drive traffic from here to your hub solely, or have you also set a link in place from your hub to here?  Take care.BennyTheWriter6 months ago Hilarious hub!  I certainly don't want to end up looking like a twit...that one is rather frightening.Very funny and well-written!Pearldiver6 months ago Hi Benny, thanks for reading this work. I was just messin around with this.. glad you enjoyed it. Take care.tthudium4 months ago Great hub, I liked the "Or youve just bought a brand new car; but crash without going very far:Cry Oosshit, Oosshit. Did I insure it? part. I followed, and am hoping for more hilarious poem hubs!Pearldiver4 months ago Hi tthudium, thanks for taking the time to read this work and your comment. Yep I've been in that situation and it really is an Oosshit occassion, believe me. Take Care.Peace20094 months ago Wow what a laugh Pearldiver, just what the doctor orderedPearldiver4 months ago Hi Peace, thanks for reading this and your comment. Oosshit I'm glad you enjoyed it mate. Be well and take care.katiem24 months ago This was perfect for me as my day winds down and is a bit too tense... Great to find this and now I can take a breath and relax unwinding.  Peace :)Pearldiver4 months ago Hi Katie, thanks for reading this work and for your comment. Glad you enjoyed it. Be well and Take Care.50 Caliber3 months ago You've brought a smile to my eye, voted you up, oohshit!, 50Pearldiver3 months ago Hi there 50 Caliber, thanks for reading this and your plus. I'm really pleased that this didn't create a tear to your mouth... like some of my recipes have done to my readers. Be well and Take Care mate.Tina Anderson6 weeks ago It was funny! thank for that, it made my day cool!Pearldiver6 weeks ago Hi Tina, thanks for taking the time to read this and for you comment. Glad you appreciated the Oosshit Day! All the best..Take CareLewSethics5 weeks ago haha, this is different.  coolPearldiver5 weeks ago Hi LewSethics, Oosshit... thanks for reading this and I'm glad you enjoyed it.. Take Care.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites94PearldiverFrom Bumble Town - NZ640 Followers52 HubsJoined 20 months agoRead more hubs by PearldiverContact PearldiverFollow PearldiverSubscribe to Pearldiver's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Pearldiver a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsAs a young employee, have you ever take a decision to leave a work, did you find it a wise decision,asked by Taleb80 39 hours ago3 answersAnswer this questionWhat will the world be like in 100 years?  What changes will happen in the environment, human society, and technology?  Will we solve most of our problems, or will most things get worse?asked by Sterling Sage 2 years ago10 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsHow To Deal With A Negative Personby Shil1978 WHAT YOU CAN DO IF YOU HAVE  BEEN SCAMMED -  How I got my...by Granny's HouseHow I spent my 54 Million dollar Lottery Winnings!by Jerrico UsherWhy is God Doing This To me?by mymagicviewNext Level 2by manlypoetrymanWhat Happened to the Tea Party?by Abecedarian Self-Education Advice and Tips ForumTopicRepliesVOCAL TECHNIQUE VIIposted by missycynty0How to memorize anything within a short periodposted by Narain.K.D.20Top 20 IELTS Writing Topicsposted by julia03450Post a new topic1 more topic Tagsbad day things happen great day pearldiver murphy's law how to train Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.659 sec)  working