The Ugly Truth About Unwanted HorsesHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPets and AnimalsThe Ugly Truth About Unwanted HorsesThe Ugly Truth About Unwanted Horses85rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy habeeUnwanted horses are becoming an epidemic in the U.S. Even people who honestly love their horses are sometimes not able to keep them. Equines are expensive to feed, house, and care for. And since theyre often a luxury, theyre often the first to go when an owner faces financial difficulties. So what to do with a horse you can no longer afford to feed?There are no good answers, unfortunately. Lets walk through all the options and the problem with each:Sell the horse  Great idea, but the equine market is already saturated. I recently saw a registered show horse in perfect health for sale in a nearby town. This animal was gorgeous, young, and healthy, and I kept an eye on the horse for sale ad on the internet because I was considering purchasing it for my granddaughter. The owners kept dropping the price because they didnt get any takers. The last time I checked, it was down to $200, and the owner still hasnt had any buyers. Youll find thousands of horses for sale ads all over the internet, with many offered at ridiculously low prices.Take the horse to an auction  BAD idea! Many buyers at auctions are purchasing for the kill market. Horses are shipped to slaughterhouses in Canada or Mexico since theyre illegal in the U.S. This is a horrendous practice. The horses are crammed onto trailers and have to travel hundreds or thousands of miles, with no food or water. After arriving, they might spend more days without food or water, awaiting their time to die. Theyre scared, so theyre handled roughly to force them into the chutes. As they wait their turn, they hear the screams of the other equines. Their death doesnt always come quickly, either. Many suffer several brutal wounds before finally receiving their final death blow.Give the horse away  If you have a horse that has served you well, youll want it to go to a good home. If you cant sell it, you can just give it away, right? You can even place an ad in the free horse classifieds, and surely someone will jump at such an offer. Not necessarily. People arent even taking free horses because they know theres no such thing as a free horse because of the price of feed and grain. Surrender the horse to a shelter or rescue group  This would be a great idea if it were possible. Unfortunately, most horse rescues are full, and theyre not accepting more horses because like the owners, they cant afford to feed the animals, either.Euthanize the horse  Some owners who have tried desperately but failed to find a new home for their unwanted horse feel that euthanasia is their only choice. Sadly, this is often cost prohibitive. Veterinarians dont do this service for free, and theres also the hefty cost of disposing of the carcass. Many locations have strict rules about proper disposal of large animals.Now, perhaps you understand why this is such a problem. Owners are so desperate that some are taking their horses to horse shows and leaving them tied to a strangers horse trailer. Others are abandoning their unwanted horses in national forests, state parks, and even on the side of the road. Others are allowing their horses to slowly starve to death.Some owners who cant stand to see their beloved animals starve to death or suffer the cruelties of the slaughterhouse and cant afford euthanasia decide to kill their horses themselves, figuring this is a kinder end. Most do so by shooting the equine. To be done painlessly, the horse must be shot in the brain. This is accomplished by directing the bullet just above the horses eyes. Imagine an X made on the horses forehead, with one line from the right ear to the left eye, and the other from the left ear to the right eye. The bullet should enter where the two lines intersect.Please understand that Im not condoning killing horses, but some owners simply have no choice. A quick death at the hands of a familiar master is much kinder than the misery of starvation or all the inherent cruelties involved in commercial horse slaughter. If you have a better solution, please let me know.Also, if you're in the market for a riding horse or a family pet, consider adopting a horse from an animal shelter or from a horse rescue. Before you do, however, make sure you have the means and the knowledge necessary to adequately care for a horse. If you don't, you'll just be creating another problem.If you'd like to help but don't have the money, time, or experience to adopt a horse, you could always sponsor one. You'll find several horse rescues online that would love getting help to feed their herds!Read more about animal welfare:Are No-Kill Shelters More Humane?Among those who are concerned with animal welfare and the plight of unwanted animals, the debate about no-kill shelters has been debated for several years now. With the millions of stray, feral, and unwanted...HOW TO STOP ANIMAL GASSINGEuthanizing shelter animals by carbon monoxide or carbon dioxide is inhumane and it is also harmful to humans. American Humane considers euthanasia by injection (EBI) to be the only acceptable and...The Truth About VealDo you enjoy eating veal? What do you really know about it? I dont eat veal because Ive seen firsthand how these calves are treated. Its a deplorable practice, and when you see it in person, it has...Animal Rescue: How I Got Thrown Out of a 7-11I want you to understand that I'm a sane, reasonable person. I'm not some blathering, hot-headed idiot. In fact, I could even be called polite. Patient, even. I taught high school seniors for years, and...Hunting and Animal Cruelty: The Good and the BadA happy, well-fed whitetail deer. This article is really meant for meat eaters only. If you're a vegan, I respect your views, but I already know your feelings on the issue. This article was chiefly written...Pit Bulls and Dog FightingDog fighting Dog fighting is a major problem all across the United States. Many people think the problem is confined to urban black youth of large cities, but the fact is that dog fighting is also popular...The Truth About Foie Gras My first experience with foie gras was on a cruise to the Bahamas. My husband, Johnny, ordered beef Wellington for dinner the first night on the ship. I knew what was in the dish, but he didnt. I...A terrified horse awaiting its turn to be murdered.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Commentssheila b.10 months ago We're both up working, huh? This is so sad about horses, and people having to make a decision like that. Let's hope this economy gets better soon.habee10 months ago Yep, Sheila, I'm a night owl! I hate it for all the animals people can no longer care for. At least the humans can go to soup kitchens.theherbivorehippi10 months ago ugh....I just knew this was going to bring tears to my eyes yet I read anyway.  This is just so sad.  You know I of all people hate the though of a horse being shot but I hate even more the thought of it going through any torture or ill treatment more.  (sigh)one day I will win the lottery and buy an island for unwanted and homeless animals. :)  I'd love to link this to one of my animal cruelty hubs if you don't mind?habee10 months ago That's fine, herbhippi. I'll link yours to mine, too!Hello, hello,10 months ago What has this so-called human race come to? Thank, habee, for trying to help and your hub which is a eye-opener.Austinstar10 months ago Overpopulation rears its ugly head again.Angela Blair10 months ago This is one of the most cruel problems in the animal world today. I used to enjoy grade horse auctions but now the "killer" bidders are buying more than anyone else and it turns one's stomach. Selective breeding (and not breeding) would help immensely but orphan horses are like orphan cats and dogs -- the result of human ignorance and lack of responsibility. The whole thing is criminal and I, too, abhor it. Best, SisMyWebs10 months ago Damn this is really sad that horses are also suffering during these tough times. It really sucks there are no good solutions. Horses are so intelligent and graceful. I bet some probably even understand whats going on, if not most.Granny's House10 months ago Can't they go to that island in NC. where the free horses roam or is that to full now?Tammy Lochmann10 months ago What a shame.  I will definitely be sharing this one.  I will also bookmark it for future reference.  Great articleMichael Shane10 months ago Great topic! Unfortunately, Life can be cruel & something has to be done...I know people around here that will give you a horse if you'll take it. My father has Arabian horses & probably spends at least $500 a month with medicines, food, treats, & etc. They are very expensive to maintain. I have always heard horses that wasn't any count went to slaughter houses & became food for our best friend, "Dogs"..It is sad but apart of the life cycle!habee10 months ago Michael, actually most of the horse meat is for human consumption in Europe and Japan. My problem is more with the way the animals are handled and killed than it is about the fact they're killed.Horses are not meat animals. They have a close bond with their humans, much like dogs do. IMO, killing a horse for meat is no different than killing a dog for meat.msannec10 months ago How sad. Here in our town recently, a landowner was convicted of animal cruelty. He had a couple of horses on his property, and a local vet happened to be riding through and noticed one of the horses was malnourished and ill. He called authorities, and they discovered another horse dead on the land, from starvation. The vet took the other horse with him to treat it and place it at a shelter so someone could adopt it. How people can be so uncaring to a poor animal is beyond me.habee10 months ago Thanks, HH. Sometimes I think the animals are more "human" than we are!habee10 months ago True, Austinstar. Supply far outnumbers demand now.habee10 months ago Yes, Sis, too many backyard breeders are part of the problem. Also, some people buy a horse or pony without realizing the inherent cost in providing for one.habee10 months ago Mywebs, some people don't understand that animals have feelings just like we do, and they can suffer emotionally.habee10 months ago Hi, Tams. Great to see you here!habee10 months ago Granny, most of those islands are at maximum capacity, and they're actually removing some of the horses from them.habee10 months ago Msannec, glad the vet recued the staving horse, but I wish he had been in time to save the other one.akirchner10 months ago There are no good answers - our trainer the other day just told me about people letting horses go free here in our neck of the woods because they can't afford them - I want to win the lottery and go get them!  This is almost as bad as all the dogs and cats - and people - sigh - when will it end?habee10 months ago That's right, Audrey. There ARE no good answers. It's very frustrating.prettydarkhorse10 months ago poor horses habee, hmmm, nice advice there though to sponsor one horse, thanks habee, nice hub, Maitahabee10 months ago Thanks, Maita!Springboard10 months ago It's a very difficult question. I think it boils down to people having to make good decisions in the first place. You buy a dog and you know what it is going to entail in order to care for it. You have to factor in the cost of food, veterinary care etc. Same thing goes for a cat. That should especially go for something like a horse, since obviously a horse is going to have to be kept in a different location most of the time, and the costs of maintaining a horse are going to be far greater, and more difficult than a cat or a dog.Having said that, I think that a horse is also somewhat like a Porshe. It's a status symbol. You don't think of how much its going to cost to insure it, what the cost per mile of driving is going to be...or any other factor. You just want to be able to say "I own a Porsche."Incidentally, Porsche and horse rhyme. Anyway...now I'm rambling. But you raise a very important question, and I hope many people get a chance to find this hub and read it, and THINK about it before they buy a horse and wind up putting IT into harms way through their own selfishness and poor judgement.habee10 months ago Excellent points, Springboard. Unfortunately, even some well informed people are having to give up their horses because of an unplanned job loss. But you're right - many horse owners have no idea what's involved with caring for a horse. I've owned many, and the cost can range from minimal to staggering, depending on whether or not you own your own pasture land. Thanks for the thoughtful comment!Chris10 months ago Some people I know made a documentary about the problem of horse abuse in the United States and elsewhere.  I hate to just drop a link in a comment habee, but if you're interested you should take a look at the trailer for the documentary called "Equine Destiny", which is going to be playing in festivals around the country.The purpose of the documentary is not only to let people know how horses are treated when they are seen as being "past their time," but also to let people know they can make a difference and stand against cruel treatment of animals.habee10 months ago Thanks, Chris. I'll check it out!Ms Phoenix10 months ago This is an eye opening article. medical people are learningevery day what animals do for the sick including autistickids, pets in general for the elderly, and for the isolatedand lonely,sometimes the only reason to get up every day isthe love of an animal companion. We must think of a way tosave these creatures. in this economy and with all the budget cuts, I'm sure it would be difficult but I alsobelieve that Americans in force can do just about anything.habee10 months ago That is so true, Phoenix. As you know, horses are often used in therapy for the disabled. So sad what's happening to them and our other furry and feathered friends.Movies All Time6 months ago This article is really an eye opener. No one seems to care a damn for the poor animals these days.. This world is being monetized for nothing at the cost of TLC. Shame!Jeff Berndt2 months ago Bookmarked this to read when I have time. Thanks for bringing this issue to my attention in the forums, Habee!habee8 weeks ago I agree, Movies!Jeff, thanks for stopping by!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites98habeeFrom Georgia1943 Followers719 HubsJoined 19 months agoRead more hubs by habeeContact habeeFollow habeeSubscribe to habee's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk habee a question based on this Hub.Related Questionshow do you get a pet from the adoption center for freeasked by stenz10 11 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionAn Ugly Truth About Cosmeticsasked by webismine 13 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsAdopt A Rescue Dogby Pat MerewetherDon't Buy Horses: Adoption Is a Viable Option!by maguijoCleopatra, Queen of Egypt : The Ugly Truthby ShinkickerReview: The Ugly-Truthby JBunceThe Ugly Truth: Directed by Robert Luketicby aliciaharrellThe 13 Ugly Truths About the Politiciansby savior Pets and Animals ForumTopicRepliessquirrels...how to keep them out of the bird feeder.posted by tnderhrt235Favorite Dog Toyposted by caninecrtitics61,000 Birds Fall from the Sky last night in small area! Weird!!!posted by Michael Willis55Post a new topic535 more topics Tagshorses horse adoption slaughterhouses horse slaughter horse for sale sponsor a horse Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.41 sec)  working