The Truth About VealHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPets and AnimalsAnimal Rights and WelfareHumane Treatment of AnimalsThe Truth About VealThe Truth About Veal76rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy habeeDo you enjoy eating veal? What do you really know about it? I dont eat veal because Ive seen firsthand how these calves are treated. Its a deplorable practice, and when you see it in person, it has a much more powerful impact than seeing it on some TV documentary.My ex-husband worked at a dairy when we were both in college, and I saw the veal calves many times. Most veal calves are males born to dairy cows. The females are raised to produce milk, but the males arent needed, other than the tiny fraction kept as bulls for breeding purposes, so they end up as veal.These calves were taken from their mothers just a few hours after birth. They were then chained by the neck in small, dark crates. They were fed only milk or milk replacer. They were never allowed to run, to play, to feel the comfort of their mother beside them, or to even see the sunlight. In fact, they were barely able to move. Why? Because the producer didnt want the calf to develop any muscle, so that its meat would be extremely tender.I dont always agree with the actions of animal rights activists, but in the case of veal, these groups were on target. They made the public aware of such practices in the 1980s, and the demand for veal plummeted as a result. The veal market has never recovered.Aftermore investigations prompted by undercover humane society checks, atrocities in veal slaughterhouses were discovered. One such organic plant in Vermont that handled bob veal was closed down. Bob veal comes from calves that are only a few days old when theyre slaughtered. At the plant mentioned, these tiny calves were kicked, dragged, and electrically shocked for the amusement of the workers. Some of the poor animals were even skinned alive. The USDA and the Vermont Agriculture Agency shut down the plant in November, 2009, thanks to humane society checks and their resulting investigations.Even if none of this cruelty concerns you, the health of you and your family should. Most veal calves are fed and given huge amounts of drugs to keep them alive and to make them gain weight. Such drugs are required because the calves are forced to live in a totally unnatural state. The vealers are under constant stress because of this, and stress brings on a number of health problems. Most of the drugs are in the antibiotic and hormone categories. Even the USDA admits that the illegal use of drugs is rampant in the veal industry. In fact, about 90% of veal calves in the U.S. are fed synthetic testosterone illegally. Is this really what you want to feed your family?The public has expressed outrage at the conditions of veal calves, forcing producers to listen. In 1990, the use of veal crates was banned in the United Kingdom, and in 2007, the rest of the European Union followed suit. The U.S. is slowly catching on. Several states have already passed legislation that phases out veal crates in 2011-2013.In addition, free-range veal is being produced by Strauss Brands. In this case, the calves are allowed to stay with their mothers in a grassy pasture until theyre slaughtered. They feed at will on their mothers milk and graze on green grass. These calves arent fed antibiotics and hormones, and the meat is lower in fat. The calves actually get to be calves for a few months before being killed. Consumers like this method of raising veal, and the demand for free-raised veal is rising sharply.Im not a vegetarian. I eat meat. I strongly believe, however, that we owe it to meat animals to at least give them some quality of life before harvesting them. Ive raised cattle, pigs, and chickens, and all our animals were free range. They had large green pastures with shade trees, ponds, and streams. They werent crowded into feed lots or fed a host of chemicals. They were allowed to mingle with others of their kind. They at least had a little happiness before they made the ultimate sacrifice to fulfill our desire for flesh.Much of the beef raised in the South experience this same type of living conditions. For example, fellow hubber Randy Godwin raises cattle on his family farm in South Georgia. His cows, like ours did, have large grassy pastures and wooded areas to roam freely. In the hot Georgia summers, the cows even have a couple of ponds in which they can take a refreshing dip  and they do! Randy doesnt give his cattle antibiotics or steroids, either, to make them grow faster or as a preventive measure. They dont need them. They get plenty of fresh air, sunshine, and quality feed, and they arent under stress by being forced to live in an unnatural environment.The next time you get a craving for veal cutlet or veal parmesan, think about all the suffering that went into producing that little package.Read more about animal welfare:Are No-Kill Shelters More Humane?Among those who are concerned with animal welfare and the plight of unwanted animals, the debate about no-kill shelters has been debated for several years now. With the millions of stray, feral, and unwanted...The Truth About Foie Gras My first experience with foie gras was on a cruise to the Bahamas. My husband, Johnny, ordered beef Wellington for dinner the first night on the ship. I knew what was in the dish, but he didnt. I...The Ugly Truth About Unwanted HorsesA terrified horse awaiting its turn to be murdered. Unwanted horses are becoming an epidemic in the U.S. even people who honestly love their horses are sometimes not able to keep them. Equines are...vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome (1)Beautiful CommentsShalini Kagal10 months ago The horror of what veal used to be - I could never, ever eat it. I'm so glad things are changing and this cruel practice is being stopped. I hope the cattle and poultry we raise stop being so cruel too!carolina muscle10 months ago I'm not crazy about it either... it seems unnecessarily cruel and inhumane. Fine post, Habee.Veronica Allen10 months ago I've never eaten veal before, but I'll definetly refrain from it due to how it's obtained. I was not aware of this. Thank you for bringing this to our attention.Hello, hello,10 months ago And what it boils down to, all for dirty money.  It is disgusting what people are able to do/  Thank you for your eye-opener.Madison2210 months ago I never ate veal either and now I am completely turned off to it. How can a human being treat anyone or anything this way is very sad. This hub certainly left an impression on me. Habee, thank you for your efforts an the awareness of this issue:)DeBorrah K. Ogans10 months ago Habee,  This is very informative! What an eye opener, this makes me squeamish about veal parmesan and veal cutlets... Thank you for sharing, In Hs Love, Blessings!breakfastpop10 months ago I stopped eating veal a long time ago when I found out how the calves were treated.nancy_3010 months ago Thank you for this very informative hub.  I've also never ate veal and after reading this I won't.  I never knew the baby cows were treated so bad.daisyjae10 months ago I've never had veal before and now I never will. That is so sad.Ann Nonymous10 months ago Like you I am not a vegetarian, but I always thought it was terrible how they "grow" veal...Excellent hub, Habee!sheila b.10 months ago I agree with all you said. The humane society does a good job to stop these practices. (On the other hand, PETA is just out for money and publicity. They're nuts!)Sally's Trove10 months ago Commercial veal production, like the commercial production of chickens, cows, pigs, and every other kind of meat, fish, and poultry we consume in this country has been inhumane in the past and in some areas continues to be.However, in addition to phasing out veal crates, there has been remarkable work done by Temple Grandin in bringing humane measures to commercial slaughter.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Temple_GrandinI wrote a tongue in cheek Hub about how to feed a baby cow.  This baby cow I wrote about turned into 30 pounds or so of freshly packed veal.  It had a good life with its mother and with the people on the farm for a few weeks before it was turned into human food.Inhumanity toward animals is the same as inhumanity toward humans. There's much that needs to be taught here.Thanks for doing your part to improve the way animals destined for food are handled.dohn12110 months ago What a great expose you did on how veal is made/obtained.  I really am an animal lover and know that such horrific and cruel acts against these animals will not go unpunished.  Thank you for sharing this with all of us, habee.Pamela9910 months ago Habee, I hate to hear about cruelty to animals.  I have eaten veal a few decades ago but not recently.  I am not a vegetarian but I don't eat much meat.  I try to buy free range chickens when I can.  Very good hub.akirchner10 months ago Now I truly do feel badly about my veal stew recipe.  I think I'd better change it to beef - or better yet veggie burger....they don't kill any animals do they to make vegetable protein?  This is the part that always crosses me up - I love meat and cooking (NO KIDDING) but I hate thinking about where it came from.  I pretend when I'm in the supermarket that all the things in the packages just died of 'natural causes'....sure.  Great information as usual!Angela Blair10 months ago Great Hub, Habee -- I knew where veal came from but didn't realize it was such a cruel industry. It's pretty much the same with the folks that raise chickens for grocery stores -- hard to even think about. Best, Sisquildon10 months ago Hi habee, Another great post. Veal used to be one of my favorite meats, but I stopped eating meat about three years ago for the very reasons you mentioned in your post. It's not just the cows but chickens as well. Chickens are raised in small, confined spaces and even given anti biotics! It's awful.habee10 months ago Shalini, I think things are getting better overall, but we have a long way to go.Lorid10 months ago Habee -Thank you for your nod of support to Strauss Brands, and our Free Raised veal program.  We also believe that if an animal makes the ultimate sacrifice for our nourishment, we owe it to them to provide the highest quality existance during their lifetime.  That is why our Free Raised calves are pasture raised in the same manner veal was for centuries (aka 'fatted calf').  By letting mother nature raise a veal calf - our veal is is not only ethically raised - it provides a healthy &  nourishing protoen for our bodies.It is important to consider the true age of veal when making your protein choices.  Contrary to popular opinion, Free Raised veal calves are actually 500 lbs or 6 mos old at market time.  The only protein older than Free Raised veal that most American's will eat is lamb and beef.Free Raised is available at selected Whole Foods Markets nationwide. You can learn more about our company and our philosophy at www.freeraised.comSincerely,Lori DunnExec. Director Animal Compassion & Pasture Raised Programs,Strauss Brndsehern3310 months ago Excellent hub and thanks for bringing this to our attention. I haven't had veal in more than a decade. I am glad the US is starting to change the manner these animals are treated.LadySeren10 months ago Great hub Habee and it's great to hear that the US is starting to phase out veal crates too.nadp10 months ago I was cringing the whole time I read this.  It sounds so horrible.  I haven't eaten veal in a long time, but now if I do I'll definitely look for free-range.  Thanks for sharing the information.habee10 months ago Why, thank you, Chris. Good to see ya!habee10 months ago Thanks for reading, Veronica!habee10 months ago Hi, HH! Yep, it's all about the money.habee10 months ago Madison, thanks for your support!habee10 months ago Hi, Deb Thanks for visiting!habee10 months ago Bpop, I've never really liked the taste of veal.habee10 months ago Hi, Nancy. Always good to hear from you!habee10 months ago Hi, Daisy. Many folks love veal, and I don't have a prob when it's raised the way Strauss does it.habee10 months ago Thanks, Ann. Glad we agree!Faybe Bay10 months ago This is why I eat chicken parmagiane instead of veal. My mom told me all this when I was little. She hated the thought of those poor animals. Thank you Habee for writing this.Naomi R. Cox10 months ago I've never eaten veal, I just couldn't. Knowning that the meat was from baby calves. Habee, thank you for sharing this very informative hub with us. Keep up the great work!ethel smith10 months ago I have never tried veal and have no intention of ever doing so. Neither do I eat pate which has been made from geese which have been force fed until their livers are swollen painfully. They have an awful spout that is shoved down their throats. Habee do you think you could do a hub? It is pate de foie gras.habee10 months ago Thanks for reading, Sheila!habee10 months ago Sally, thanks for the link. Sounds like she's doing good work!habee10 months ago I agree, Dohn. Karma will bite you in the butt!habee10 months ago Good for you, Pamela!habee10 months ago Yeah, Audrey, I think most people don't like to think about where our food comes from!habee10 months ago Hi, Sis! Always good to see you!habee10 months ago Quildon, I know! I wonder how some folks can take delight in torturing animals.habee10 months ago Lorid, thanks so much for reading and commenting. I applaud your efforts to make the treatment of veal calves more humane!habee10 months ago Me, too, Ehern. Thanks for stopping by!habee10 months ago Yes, LadySeren, seems like the US is a little slow, but maybe we're finally getting it right.habee10 months ago Nadp, if everyone buys only free-range veal, like that produced by Strauss, other producers will be forced out of business or forced to change their ways!habee10 months ago Faybe Bay, good for your mom - a smart lady!habee10 months ago Naomi, thanks so much for reading!habee10 months ago I'll check that out, Ethel!Michael Shane10 months ago I agree with Carolina Muscle on this one! Great Hub Habee!Granny's House10 months ago Another great hub! you go girljiberish10 months ago When I was growing up we had veal regularly, but then I read an article about the conditions and couldn't stomach it.  The sad truth is that I visited a chicken farm where chickens were raised for Campbel Soups, and could never eat that either.  If you saw how they make some of the foods we eat, you would think twice about eating. LOL.  Good hub!AARON9910 months ago A very informative hub. Keep it up.habee10 months ago Thanks, Shane. Nice of you to visit!habee10 months ago Thanks, Granny. How ya been?habee10 months ago You're right, Jib. Most people are so far removed from our food chain that they don't know what's really going on.habee10 months ago Thank you, Aaron!Sandyspider10 months ago I would never eat veal. I'm not a vegetarian but I do believe in better animal treatment. Cows and especially their calves are probably the worse treated of all animals.habee10 months ago Sandy, pigs are also treated very cruelly. Chickens, too. They all suffer at our hands.Nemingha10 months ago I'm not a vegetarian but I seldom eat meat and stick to a mostly vegetarian diet. Poor calves!habee10 months ago Nemi, I'm trying to eat less meat and more fish. Thanks for reading!saddlerider18 months ago This is a classic case of ultimate sadistic torture to animals. When will it stop? I commend the many groups in our society who are working day and night to end this madness. Thank you for bringing this useless slaughter of babies. One wonders why there are so many more vegetarians in our world, with the antibiotics that are injected into these poor animals and how they are treated in slaughter houses around the world, giving up on meat and poultry unless organically raised is a good choice by many. The owners of these plants don't care about our health, they only are concerned about the almighty $$$$$$$$$'s they rake in regardless of the methods they employ to do it.habee8 months ago I agree, Saddlerider. How do such people sleep at night? Many US consumers are so far removed from the farms and feedlots they never consider what goes into producing the meat they eat. Thanks for reading and commenting!Pollyannalana8 months ago This is horrible. I have almost 100% gone off all beef after the mad cow thing and not knowing that the cows are given but I never dreamed of anything like this. Thank you for making us aware, I will not forget it you can be sure. Great hub, thx for sharing your knowledge on this.habee8 months ago Thanks for reading, Polly!Springboard7 months ago One thing I have always been a strong proponent of is treating ALL animals with dignity and respect. I know that sometimes meets with a strange look when you think, I'll treat you with respect right before I eat you...But, I think when we are in a society where meat food is processed for us, and harvested for us to eat, where we no longer get it for ourselves, we have to have a humane and dignified approach to it. We have to have some heart and conscience about it.Even a truck I used to see on the highway all the time headed to the slaughterhouse in Milwaukee which had the words "Their last ride" on the back doors I thought to be a little disheartening.Great hub.habee7 months ago I agree, Jim. I eat meat, but I believe the animals should have some quality of life before they're killed. And they should be killed as quickly and humanely as possible.50 Caliber4 months ago Holle, again never had it and now, never will. Venison and Elk or my favorite, Antelope are so tender when cooked correctly I find no need for beef of any sort, 50habee4 months ago 50, I didn't like the taste of veal even before I learned about how the animals were treated. I like venison, though!nitebrain4 months ago I dont understand why everyone is upset about this. While it seems cruel, what about the cruelty of the animal losing its life? That is ultimate cruelty. It is not just loss, it is 100% total loss.What difference does it make how many pastures they get to run around in? Now I don't agree with drugs and steroids and hormones being used, I dont understand why people can get mad if an animal is kicked, but have no problem if its head is cut off.Either we think we are better then the non-human animals (i.e. we think it is okay to kill and eat them) or we don't.It is like the old Dolphin-safe tuna argument. What about Tuna-safe dolphin? Which ones get to die? Why save the whales? Why can't we eat dogs and horses?These laws and emotions that occur as a result are completely illogical and ridiculous. To me anyway.Thanks for the informative story.habee4 months ago Nite, I think we owe animals some quality of life and to kill them as quickly and painlessly as possible when the time comes.Jack2 months ago I'm not trying to start an argument, I really am asking a legitimate question. If all of these things happen almost immediately after the calf is born, does it really know the difference since it's never known anything else?habee2 months ago Jack, I don't think any creature finds it natural to be kept in darkness, chained, and crammed in a cage. Cattle are instinctively herd animals that need to be with others of their kind.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesThe Truth About Veal in the NewsGiamatti's version of Hollywood stardom means playing losers, schlumps and low-lifes and loving itThe Star-Ledger6 hours agoPaul Giamatti is keeping the faithIs Law School a Losing Game?The Tuscaloosa News9 hours agoLaw schools' rosy statistics say most graduates are working. The problem is, many aren't working as lawyers, or making enough to pay back their student loans.98habeeFrom Georgia1943 Followers719 HubsJoined 19 months agoRead more hubs by habeeContact habeeFollow habeeSubscribe to habee's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk habee a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat brand of dog food would (or do) you feed your dogs? After looking over several of your...asked by maddoxtwin 12 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionIs it ok to tell your boss how much of a raise you would like?asked by BrainSpace 3 months ago10 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsA Humane Method of Killing Animals for Meatby habeeIt's Not Nice to Fool Mother Natureby Pamela99Cookbook Review: The Prairie Table Cookbookby mgwhiteWhy the Smile !by johnwindbellDairy and Meat Cattle Breedsby flread45Benefits of Raising Beef Cattleby producertravis Animal Rights and Welfare ForumTopicReplieswould you make your child kill their pet as punishmentposted by bonny201078animal abuseposted by megan5427Should dogs have shock collars?posted by FactAndFiction42Post a new topic12 more topics Tagsmeat cattle usda veal raising beef cattle veal beef Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.722 sec)  working