Life Circles: Poems of Hope: About Finding LoveHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsGender and RelationshipsRomanceRomantic ActivitiesLife Circles: Poems of Hope: About Finding LoveLife Circles: Poems of Hope: About Finding Love79rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy PearldiverWithin each life circle a little hope exists. See all 7 photosFinding Love:Life Circles: Poems of Hope: About Finding Love. Life circles by Pearldiver: Always moving forward from its source; we are that source. Of all the many things in our lives that are truly special; one of the most special things is finding love and sharing with another all the hope that the relationship brings. About finding love contains two poems of hope: First Love Valentine and Last Love.Finding true love is not something all are fortunate enough to find in a lifetime. If you are lucky enough to find the love that touches your soul; you will know that nothing can ever match the experience. Some call this having a soul mate, others see this as far more. The duration of that love varies for each relationship; each relationship completes a full circle in life; irrespective of whether it lasts the duration of a lifetime, a year, or a dream.First Love Valentine; to know of love so young; allows the seeds of hope for greater things to be sown. For each young girl this is an adventurous journey of her heart. For most young boys it is just an adventure. Where does the confidence required to capture the heart of a Valentine come from? Does he understand what it really means to her? Her hopes are of time spent together; just being; without the influence of others. His hopes are of having the confidence to let her know how he feels; without being rejected.Last Love; is about having known the power of love and knowing that the wonderment of that love, can last a lifetime; even the lifetime beyond the end of the relationship. A tangible sense of being and intuitive knowledge that the spiritual connection shared with your lover; means that no matter what; you never walk alone. Enjoy Finding Love, Life and Poems of Hope.Be My Valentine. "Why is he sooooo shy?" First Love Valentine.Just one week before Valentines Day. All her friends knew who would be her Valentine. There was only one boy in her life. He lived next door and everyone had noticed how much he wished that she would notice him.  But he was so shy, so awkward. How could he tell her how he felt? He was sure she would choose another; she was so popular. He looked away and wished that he could catch her eyes, not looking away from him. Her girl friends smiled at him, but gave nothing away. His friends were boys; they didnt do that girl stuff; why would they find a girl more interesting than BMX, or Skateboards, or PlayStation or Football? Not many more days left he thought; stolen glances; each day hoping that she would notice how much he cared. First Love; started this way, always he hoped; that no words needed to be spoken; fearing he would not find the right ones. Always she hoped that he would find the courage to ask her to be; his first love. Why is he soooo shy, she asked herself; always hoping he would be; her first love. "Kiss First Valentine!" Why do you like him?Tell me why you like him? asked her Mum. Because he is nice and my friend, she replied. So did you get her a present? asked his Dad. No Dad, she is just my friend, he replied. Well, I just happen to have got you chocolates, for doing your chores; but you must only give them to your Valentine, said his Dad.  Today a special day dawned when he opened the door to find his first love there, with chocolates in a heart. You can be my Valentine if you like chocolates. She said, as she pushed her heart into his hands. But I have to give you a present too! He said. No you dont silly; you can just give me a kiss. But, but I have a present for you too, he said, I will get it from inside. As he tried to turn away she held him and said, Kiss First Valentine!    Copyright  2009 - 2010 Pearldiver @ Poems of Hope.com with all rights reserved. Grab a Coffee and Take the Time to Read Last Love.Krups XP1500 Coffee and Espresso Combination Machine, BlackAmazon Price: $89.95List Price: $156.00Nespresso CitizDot New York Espresso Coffee Machine With Swissmar Capstore Fila 40 Wall-Mountable Storage for Nespresso Coffee CapsulesAmazon Price: $299.00Mr. Coffee ECM160 4-Cup Steam Espresso MachineAmazon Price: $37.28List Price: $39.99New Kindle Readers on Sale.Kindle Wireless Reading Device, Free 3G, 6" Display, White - 2nd GenerationAmazon Price: $189.00Kindle DX Wireless Reading Device, Free 3G, 3G Works Globally, Graphite, 9.7" Display with New E Ink Pearl TechnologyAmazon Price: $379.00Loving gifts that help.Wilton Valentine Nonpareils 5.25 Ounce SprinklesAmazon Price: $2.57List Price: $3.29Webkinz Plush Stuffed Animal Love Monkey, valentineAmazon Price: $7.95List Price: $14.95Wilton Valentine 9 Piece Color Anodized Cookie Cutter SetAmazon Price: $6.62List Price: $10.9912 VALENTINE Rubber DUCKS/Duckies/PARTY FAVORS/Happy Valentine's DAY/HEARTS/Sweetheart/Love/DOZENAmazon Price: $3.99Winnie the Pooh - Un-Valentine's Day [VHS]Amazon Price: $2.44List Price: $12.98Make Your Own Valentines (Books and Stuff)Amazon Price: $45.00List Price: $7.99THINGS TO DO ALONE ON VALENTINE'S DAY : Be Happy on Valentine's Day, Even If You are AloneAmazon Price: $6.99 Shadows form across her face. Once so familiar. A prisoner of zebra tones and now ransomed heart.Be guided by your heart. Was I to follow?  To abandon other dreams?Like a sun's love of the moon. Detached; but for brief encounters at dusk or dawn.The Creative Anticipation of Meeting a New Love. A powerful half tone word is Hope; yet it provides all the colors of all your dreams.    And Dreams? Just take paper and a pen....Last Love.Shadows form across a face, that was once so familiar; The fading light has captured her brown, smiling eyes A prisoner to zebra tones and now with ransomed heart Night falls and I wait; forever wait; for yet another sunrise. ooOoo She is gone. Leaving me with such heightened senses  A last love passed through my life; never meant to stay Where is my soul; where is my heart; gone, my clarity Surely not lost; nor casualties to; shadows merging into day. ooOoo I missed all that I did not keep; yet am fulfilled in every way But for the echo of cryptic words; be guided by your heart What did she mean; was I to follow; to abandon other dreams Let go of what I knew; to seek all that I did not; or to be apart. ooOoo My last love could draw the tide to her; moon phases; her beauty She asked that I believe in hope; a bottled emotion; a word in half tone In dreams more real; I see her eyes; hear her songs; never forget How; with such ransomed time; I can never truly walk this life; alone. ooOoo My last love was like that of the suns love of the moon; detached But for brief encounters; at dusk or dawn; destined to be that way There was no time for why; no room for hope, to color or influence  This circle of life; where moonlit darkness, will always follow a day ooOoo Nights shadows form across my face; new love is not so familiar Anticipation of the words yet to shine; life stories of hope yet to tell Only now do I understand what it means to be guided by your heart  And for my last love; never meant to stay; I feel always; moonlights spell. oooOooo  Copyright  2009 - 2010 Pearldiver @ Poems of Hope.com with all rights reserved.  Thank you for reading Life Circles - Finding Love. Can you follow your heart? Not many can, it means complete surrender.  Take Care.  * Pearldiver.*I hope you find love one day.If you haven't found true love in your life yet; then don't give up hope. Love will always come to you when you least expect it to. Believe in yourself and be true to your soul. When that true love finds you; you will know that it is like no other. Enjoy the love that finds you. Thank you for reading this Poem of Hope: About Finding Love from the Life Circles series. You may read other Life Circle works simply by clicking on the links below.More Works from Pearldiver. More Life Circles.Life Circles: Poems of Hope: Fishing for Time.Life Circles by Pearldiver: Poems of Hope; always moving forward from its source; we are that source. There are many times that are special to a child starting out their journey of life. One of lifes...The Power of Haiku.Seasons of HaikuIn Haiku Poetry words are crafted to create a powerful and sensual image of the everyday things in the lives of the Japanese. Traditional Haiku emphasises that 17 Syllables only can be used to create that...A World Changing Rainbow.Life Circles: Poems of Hope: They Cant Sink a Rainbow.Life Circles by Pearldiver: Always moving forward from its source; we are that source. There are many events that occur and people that we meet in our lives which help shape positively the outcomes of...When You Can't Let Go.Life Circles: Poems of Hope: My Darling Sweet Obsession.Life Circles by Pearldiver: Poems of Hope: My Darling Sweet Obsession is an inspirational poem that honors the power of love and lovers. A Life Circle will always move forward from its source; we as people...Special Mixed Hiaku Verse.Haiku of the Pearldiver: A Collection of 58 Haiku Verses To Feel, Enjoy and Share.In Haiku of the Pearldiver; A Collection of 58 Haiku Verses to Feel, Enjoy and Share; true poetic mastery is measured by the sensuality of those visual pictures that each Haiku verse paints for the reader. ...A Collection of the Best.Life Circles: Poems of Hope: Sad, Brave and Inspirational Poems for a Friend.Life Circles by Pearldiver: Sad, Brave and Inspirational Poems of Hope for a Friend, a Lover or a Stranger. A Life Circle will always move forward from its source; we as people who live in hope; are that... vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome (1)Beautiful (2)Poetry: Life Circles: Poems of Hope: About "You Cant Sink a Rainbow."Poetry: Life Circles: Poems of Hope: About Fishing for Time.Commentsseasoning11 months ago splendid i liked them very muchtantrum11 months ago Beautiful poem pearl !!!! There's always a last love! :)prettydarkhorse11 months ago ver nice PD, wonderful, pictures are beautiful too!Thanks for your wishes to us all also -- it applies to me as well----- soulmatefirst love and last love indeed, two beautiful poems, MaitaPearldiver11 months ago Hi seasoning, thank you for reading and commenting on this work. I'm pleased you enjoyed the hub.  Take Care.Pearldiver11 months ago Hi Tantrum, Cheers for reading this work and yes... you are right of course... There is always a last love.. I know.  Thanks for your kind compliments. Take Care.maven10111 months ago Rob...Exquisite word pictures that resonate with me in more ways than I care to say...I was quite taken by your simile of Sun and Moon...an eternal romance forever renewed by brief absences...Life to me is process, and process is animated by the yin and yang, love and hate, life and death, good and evil...The interconnectivity of love is a precious thing to experience, even if only for a brief moment, as in Keats's " Fair creature of an hour "...I loved these poems, you must do more, my friend...Tight lines, LarryPearldiver11 months ago Hello Maita, thanks for reading this work and your kind comments.  Glad you enjoyed these; I'm sure as a soulmate, you read between the verse.. lol. It has taken me so long to write this... I must have known I would get into trouble with the ladies lol.  Take Care.Pearldiver11 months ago Hi Larry, thank you for your kind words my friend; I feel most humbled by your compliments.  This work is part of a series that I am writing called: Life Cirles: Poems of Hope. Each work explores a different human aspect of life that involves the emotional entanglement of hope.  As for fishing... umm where are the fish?  Glad you enjoyed this work Larry, You take care.ralwus11 months ago Ahhh yes, I have learned love in its many forms. Great hub my friend and thank you for your sentiments regarding me in the forum. Much appreciated. Love and peace alway, CC My tusks are a little bent.Candie V11 months ago Ah.. the hope that someday.. somewhere..Pearldiver11 months ago Hi Charlie, thanks for reading this work and your comments. Good to see you back on deck mate... You take care of yourself, as you can only dream about the many forms of love if your tusk is bent outa shape, huh? Be well CC.Pearldiver11 months ago Hi Candie, thanks for calling. Hope: Your Christmas and New Year went off well. Hope you are well. Hope that someday... somewhere.. You find that something. Take Care.Micky Dee11 months ago Thanks Pearl Diver. But, alas, love is elusive and did by me pass. It ran right by my sorry *$$.Yours were beautiful!Paradise711 months ago Beautiful poem, heartfelt, I imagine.  Love, it is a yearning.Pearldiver11 months ago Hi Micky, Thanks for reading this work and your comments. Perhaps for you love has not been so elusive Sir. Clearly, the state is illustrated within the talents that you showcase within your writing. Also, many of us really do appreciate trying to catch the ones that do run past our sorry *$$'s lol.  Take Care.Pearldiver11 months ago Hi Paradise, Thanks for calling and your comments.  I'm glad you enjoyed this work and yes indeed, love is a yearning. Take Care.prettydarkhorse11 months ago PD, why will you get in trouble with the ladies, hehe?I mean to say that I am still looking for my soulmate, and your definition and take in finding a soulmate is elusive to me,Thanks and TC, MaitaPearldiver11 months ago Hi Maita, All my life I have got into trouble with them.  Finding a 'soulmate' might never happen for 9 out of 10 people; but doesn't hope keep you thinking in the 1 out of 10? Maybe you only need a bigger net Maita lol.  Take Care.Jane@CM11 months ago Love is beautiful, as your poems.Dame Scribe11 months ago Beautifully eloquent, PD I truly hope we do find our last loves :)Pearldiver11 months ago Hi Jane, Thanks for reading this work and your kind comments. Hope all is well with you. Take Care.Pearldiver11 months ago Hello Gin, thank you for reading this and your compliments. Yes that is a really good hope to have DS. Hope your winter is not too harsh and you are well. You take care you hear.wordscribe4111 months ago Whoa.  I must be overly emotional right now, but I could barely handle this.  Hard to explain for me.  Just stuck a cord.  Nicely done.  Gonna go cry now.Will you EVER tell me how you knew my birthday???  It's really baffling to me.  Please share.Pearldiver11 months ago Hello Laura.... Will I ever tell you how I knew your birthdate? No... I can't.. I Just Knew! It happens all the time.. I guessed Lyrics Birthdate a few days ago too.. Call it Scorpio Intuition I guess.Thanks for reading this work Laura, sorry it has upset you.. but if it's any consolation writing Last Love was abit like that too. Good to see you out and about.. Take Care.. Be Well Laura.yenajeon11 months ago Pearldiver - The pictures are adorable! The poem was really beautiful.Pearldiver11 months ago Hi Yenajeon. thanks for reading this work and your kind comments. Glad you enjoyed this... thanks for stopping by, Take Care.wordscribe4111 months ago I'm intrigued by you, Pearls...  It's okay it upset me.  Last Love was what got me.  You need to write a hub on fate.  I think you could handle that topic remarkably well.  Hugs.Pearldiver11 months ago What intrigues you about me Laura?  Lol... I wonder if it is the same thing that intrigues me about me?  It is quite a deep poem isn't it; Last Love. I don't want to write about fate... It is too closely aligned to my crazy heart.  Take Care Laura.prettydarkhorse11 months ago PD, I agree, I meed to extend my net hehehe, Happy weekend, MaitaPearldiver11 months ago Hi Maita.... Thanks.. It is NZ Day weekend and it represents something similar to Independence Day in the States.  About your net: Ummm.. are you sure? Have you checked it for holes?  You Take Care Maita.GoldiString10 months ago Wow. First to last love. Love this PD. I am on the first love stage..why is he sooooo shyyy? haha. Kidding. Happy Valentines great hubber!Pearldiver10 months ago Hi there GoldiString... Hope you had a great Val Day.. thanks very much for your kind wish. I'm glad you enjoyed this work. Ummm why indeed is he sooooo shyyy?  Take care and be well GS.rls899410 months ago Beautiful and very well written. I enjoyed reading this.Pearldiver10 months ago Hi rls8994, thanks for reading this and I'm glad you enjoyed the work.  Take care.terrowhite9 months ago one of the beautiful hub I have come across.. thanks for sharing :)Pearldiver9 months ago Hi terrowhite, thank you for your compliment and for reading this work. It is written from the heart. I'm glad you enjoyed it. Take Care.myownworld9 months ago Such a fantastic hub..not just the poem, but everything about it, your thoughts, pictures..all! You write beautifully.... loved reading it. :)Pearldiver9 months ago Hi MOW... wow thank you for that. Cheers for reading my works and for joining my fan base. You write really well too and I'm sure that I will enjoy reading your works as much as I enjoy writing hubs like this.  Take Care and be well.Ladybird339 months ago PD, just wow!  You have a wonderful talent, the pictures speak so many things to me.  I loved it, it's painful and good all at the same time.  Thank you for sharing, you are so talented!Pearldiver9 months ago Hi Ladybird, wow.. thank you for your comments.  I'm really pleased that you have read and interpreted this work as it was meant to be. Perhaps it is because the words were written to fit the pictures. Thanks so much... take care and be well.poetlorraine8 months ago nice one i enjoyed thatPearldiver7 months ago Hi Brenda... thanks for reading this work, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Take Care.Joy567 months ago magicalPearldiver7 months ago Hi Joy56, thank you for reading this work. Glad you enjoyed it.  Cheers..take care.MMMoney7 months ago very nice wordsPearldiver7 months ago Hi MMM, thanks for taking the time to read this work. You take care and be well.saddlerider17 months ago Again a wonderful piece of artistry and illustrations. Love so fleeting and yet so needed in our lives, a child if left alone will die without the touch and love of it's mother. I have loved and been loved and now I rest, love is no longer love as I knew as a young man, but a memory of the past. Thank you for this wonderful gem Pearl. It meant something to me and a little tear came out of my left eye. PeacePearldiver7 months ago Hi Saddlerider, thanks for reading this work and your comments. Tempus fugit and affects us all, no doubt being a young man was just yesterday if you blink. Glad you enjoyed this... you tae care and be well.Lady_E6 months ago Beautiful, sweet poem.Made me smile.Pearldiver6 months ago Hi Lady E,Thank you for reading this work.Glad you enjoyed it. You Take Care.A3 months ago You are awesome Rob, So glad you enjoy writing and its fantastic.God Bless..Take Care.Pearldiver3 months ago Hello AThank you, Yes.. I am.. In very many ways.. I am so lucky... I am able to speak from the heart... Why Soooo Shy A.A3 months ago Am i shy?... i have no account here..anyway....I'm glad and great to see you happy to being you.Enjoy life and stay awesome.APearldiver3 months ago Ah uil A.. thank you. Take Care.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites ai - Love.94PearldiverFrom Bumble Town - NZ640 Followers52 HubsJoined 20 months agoRead more hubs by PearldiverContact PearldiverFollow PearldiverSubscribe to Pearldiver's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Pearldiver a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsI read your video capture guide, could you explain how you plug the Roxio for mac to the Xbox360?asked by Podblur 7 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionRe: dark circles under the eyes you mentioned diet & excercise. Can you elaborate? & which nutrientsasked by seaplants 10 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsThis Sensuous Language of Love: A Life Circle and...by PearldiverHow Were The Seas Formed?by baban78Recommended fiction books for kids ages 9-12  (not quite a...by Anna Marie BowmanExploring the Sky, Moon and Mars with Google Earthby KCC Big Country''We Live Our Lives By The Sands Of The Hour Glass of Life"by creativeone59My Thoughts on Our Futureby Enlydia Listener Romantic Activities ForumTopicRepliesCan this be love?posted by Angela Nielsen1If your beloved is sleeping where would you like kiss him/her and why?posted by pooja090826Post a new topicTagsfriends relationship heart gifts dreams hope Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 2.413 sec)  working