The 10 Signs Your Elderly  Parent Needs HelpHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingParenting Skills, Styles and AdviceAging ParentsThe 10 Signs Your Elderly  Parent Needs HelpThe 10 Signs Your Elderly  Parent Needs Help97rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Marye AudetHelp! I am Concerned About My Parent In  When Your Parent Becomes Your Child I discussed the issue of aging parents that concerns all of us sooner or later.  But how do you know that your parent is in need of intervention? Are you really seeing a problem or are you imagining it?You see, most of us really don't want to see that our parents are beginning to have problems.  Their arms have always been strong enough to hold us, their minds have always been sharp enough to give us the answers we were looking for, and we don't want to see that those times may be coming to a close.   Most of the time our parents won't admit it either, and often get angry if it is suggested to them that they may be needing more help than they used to.  Since it is hard to accept, and harder still to confront, many of us leave the issue as the white elephant in the middle of the living room.  We know there is a problem but noone wants to mention it.Ideally this will be discussed before it happens.  Ideally, you will talk to your parents when they are still not having problems and you will come to a place where you and they have reached decisions about what to do "just in case...".   It is hard to bring the subject up but if you are still years away from dealing with their aging problems please do broach this important issue with them. Make notes.  Sign and date the notes and have them do the same. Copy the notes and put the signed and dated originals away in a safe place.  It may make it easier if there is ever a problem to be able to show them what was decided, show them their signature on it, and hopefully move ahead according to that plan.  If there is ever a question amoung siblings or anyone else you will have, at least, those dated papers.If you are all ready concerned then read on.     Get HelpFrom AmazonExploring Independent Living: Designing a Home to Meet Your NeedsAmazon Price: $23.95The Comfort of Home: A Complete Guide for CaregiversAmazon Price: $15.07List Price: $24.95Is Your Parent in Good Hands?: Protecting Your Aging Parent from Financial Abuse and Neglect (Capital Cares)Amazon Price: $3.94List Price: $18.95Something Is Going OnIf you are feeling concern then you probably are seeing something.  How can you assess your parent's ability to be independent without dragging them in to a doctor?Here are some signs that they may need help:1.Mom has always been a great housekeeper but lately the house has begun to be cluttered: This can mean alot of things, maybe she has been busy doing other things,maybe she is more tired than usual, or maybe she is becoming overwhelmed with the daily chores. Keep and eye on this and look for other signs, or signs that this is getting worse.2. Dad is letting the bills and other mail pile up: Again, they become overwhelmed by tasks that used to be easy to deal with. 3.The checking account is messed up/bills aren't being paid: This is a troubling sign that your parent my be overwhelmed and not thinking as clearly as he used to.   4.Losing weight.: This can happen especially after the death of a spouse. Shopping, preparing food and cooking just become too much trouble.  My mom was eating a carrot now and then, or a piece of celery, because it was easier. Another sign of problems is no food in the fridge, or food that is spoiled or old.5.Wearing the same clothing. Poor hygiene: They either forget to change clothes, sometimes sleeping and wearing the same things for days, or they put on the same clothes every morning.6.Inappropriate clothing: Wearing summer clothing in winter, going out without a coat, not wearing shoes (when they normally would), leaving off articles of clothing..all these things should be checked into.7.Signs of confusion in the kitchen: Pots that are burned on the bottoms because they have been left to boil dry,  water stains and mildew under the sink and in other places because water was left on and forgotten about, dishes that are unwashed for long periods of time, food left out...these are signs that your parent is at risk.8.Forgetting appointments: Missing doctors appointments, forgetting to take medications, missing church when they have been regular church-goers may indicate a problem.  My mom forgot about my daughter's wedding, and we had to call her and then postpone the ceremony for over an hour while waiting for her to get there.  We did not see it as a problem at the time but looking back it indicated what was to come.   9. Just Acting Weird:  This may be a hard one for my kids.  Maybe I should say, acting weirder than normal! Odd conversations, signs of paranoia, accidentally taking too much medication, phone calls at odd hours, unusual fears and nervousness, all of these things may be signs that your parent needs help.10. Depression: Familiarize yourself with the signs of depression. Many of problems mentioned here are also synonymous with depression.  A doctor can more easily assess your parent for problems and how to treat them. Help For the CaregiverNow What?If you see any of these signs in your parents discuss it with them.  Share your concerns and see what they say.  Try to get them in to the doctor.  However, if you can't get them in to the doctor, make an appointment with him/her and discuss your concerns.  The doctor can point you to various agencies that can help, and can more closely observe your parent the next time they are in for an appointment.   Warning: This WIll Make You Cryvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny Awesome Beautiful Eco-Family: Caring For An Elderly Parent at HomeEco-Family: Spinning Wheels for the BeginnerCommentsVickeyK3 years ago Great hub! I went through this with parents who refused to acknowledge they needed help--they felt their dignity and independence were questioned, so it becomes very difficult to get information.I would add one other warning sign. Listen for any hint of driving problems. An anecdote or complaint about the "rude woman" who yelled at them as they were driving by, etc.As we age, our reactions get slower and we don't drive as well--but we don't realize the danger that creates.Marye Audet3 years ago That is a great one Vickey! True.  I had forgotten about that.Guru-C3 years ago Thank you for this important and compassionate guide.   William F. Torpey3 years ago Well done.Ralph Deeds3 years ago Yes, it was.Marye Audet3 years ago Guru- sorry I missed your comment!  Thank you.WT & RD- Thank you. I miss my parents terribly but am glad I had the opportunity to care for them Zsuzsy Bee2 years ago Marye! Very nice hub filled with compassion. Definitely one of your greatest.regards Zsuzsydana2 years ago Help  My father died 2 years ago since than my mom has changed the will she and my dad had together leaving every thing to me after knowing her house keeper for 5 months my mom has changed her will leaving this lady everything.My mom has gotten rid of family photos, tools of my dads who he wanted them to go to my kids.  Im not a greedy person but i do want my moms personal affairs taken care of and what my dad and her worked so hard for not to be handed over to someone she has known for 5 months to get everything.Marye Audet2 years ago Dana- the bet thing you can do is to contact a lawyer that specializes in wills and estate law.Sue St. Clair2 years ago Good hub. I enjoyed the information.chioggiabeetroot22 months ago This is so helpful!  Thanks!Diana20 months ago My mom stopped working in nov of 2008.  Since then she has become forgetful.  We made a doctors appointment and another to see a lawyer for information on wills etc..  She forgot about both, and yelled at me and my sister, because she said we never discussed any of this with her.  Unfortunately, she is really forgetting.  How can I help her?  I have taken so much time off from work because I need to take care of her now.  She has a sister I believe is taking advantage of her also.  No real proof.  I do know she will not come around when I visit my mom.  Any advise you can offer to help me help my mom would be so appreciated. I wouldn't be able to thank you enough.  Thank you for taking the time.starme7714 months ago A Very Nice Hubb - Well spokenChristina D14 months ago This is good information. I hope I will be able to recognize the signs when my parents need help since I live so far away from them.Ponderous13 months ago Good information as long as it is taken in context.  What has always been normal for them may look a lot like the problems you list!  Then what? It may be something other than aging, though it still needs to be checked out.Theresa11 months ago I have a question about my mother-in-law.She owns a home in another state from where me and my husband lives and refuse to sale the house and come live with us. She is 89 and need help bad. we are now taking control of the situation because she has to come live with us or a nursing home. But we are trying to get her to give my husband power of attorney but she thinks that it is a scam. How can you help us with this and will she lose the house or can my husband sale it? Please HELP!CareGiverPartners10 months ago Watching for little changes in things that define our loved ones is an excellent way to watch for problems arising. Excellent hub.Lisajamienme10 months ago ty for the info i was very credible and heled in a few ways.Carolyn10 months ago My Aunt who is 85,  lives alone, no children but my sisters are and I all live close and  have always been very close to her and have always taken care of her. She all of a sudden is saying someone is coming into her house and straightening up things, she has always been the neatest person i know she has always kept  her things in order she walks around the house showing me things that she said she didn't do. I know she did them but she swears someone is coming into the house and cleaning it up .... i am at a loss, she gets very upset when i tell her she has always been neat and i'm sure she just doesn't remember doing these things.  She said she found a pair of glasses and that someone put them there, (they were my uncles glasses he passed away 17 years ago) we had to change all her locks on the house she said that made her feel better but the very next morning she says they are coming in through the basement window.  This behavior is so unlike her.mulberry110 months ago This is a wonderful resource!Storytellersrus9 months ago Marye, (I wanted to watch the Help for the Caregiver movie but it is no longer available.)I think this is an excellent hub.  I am hiring a cleaning service today, as it happens. The caution Dana expressed makes me realize I need to have my brother who lives nearby check them out.I live too far away to help. I wish I lived closer now.  My rebellious drive for independence has long passed and I regret my need to move far away, but what is done is done.  Thanks for all these alerts and for sharing this information with us.Ryan6 months ago Great hub, thanksTreasuresofheaven3 months ago Hi Marye,glad you shared this piece.  My family is going thru this now, and we are sharing responsibility for my mom.  People need to know this.teri8 weeks ago i have had to move my mother into my home because of her normal pressure hydrosphillis and she is also bipolar ,she was very sick when i had to go get her and i finally got the drs to replace her shunt ,she is better now but this can happen again at any time,the drs said she has dementia so with my brothers agreement i sold her place in fla. and renovated our home to accomadate her,now she thinks she is cured and wants to move back to fla,she is making my life misserable,she threatens me every day,my brother and i were left in charge of her when she was so sick she couldnt even use the bathroom ,i took care of her with a bad back and put off my surgery to make sure she got all the care she needed by the time i had my surgery my back was twice as bad and still dont know if i will ever be well enough to go back to work,she is like a big kid and wants to control everyone and leaves hateful notes all over my house my husband is completely disabled and we are waiting for s.s.d. it could be awhile,i dont know what to do,mom is threating to pt a lean on our home ,and she wants us to sell everything we own so she can move back to fla, she just doesent get that she is not cappable to take care of herself,what should i do?Leah7 weeks ago My mother who is 85 lives with us in our home.  She bullies to get her own way and what she wants and does not care about inconveniencing others.  I made a huge mistake by undercharging her in her monthly rent and she is now stating that she has paid the rent two months in advance (not true).  I have found paperwork from the govt. care agency that states she is not competent to make a decision to go into a long-term care facility. She hid this from me and threw away the covering letter so I have no idea when this arrived.  I caught her eavesdropping yet again this morning when my husband and I were having a private discussion downstairs.  Of course she lied and said she was looking for something in the hall cabinet.  Meanwhile she is getting 3 squares a day (gourmet food cooked by me), free cable, free newspaper, mail delivery and laundry.  She feels that her payment of rent to us entitles her to inject her opinion into everything that myself, husband or children do or say and if she isn't involved in or informed about everything that goes on in the house, she becomes very nasty and sarcastic.  I have one brother who lives out of town who has practically no input into her situation and doesn't pay a penny yet who will be the first one at the lawyer's office to make sure he gets his equal share once she's gone.  I regret ever having brought her here but her family dr. and the one at her last hospitalization due to congestive heart failure both said she could no longer live alone in her town.  All the signs were there:- incorrect taking of medication,self-medication with pills and alcohol, on-purpose dehydration so she could sit in the hospital for three weeks and be waited on, spoiled food and a filthy apartment and clothing, repeating etc. My life has become a living hell because of this situation and we may have to give up our own home or declare bankruptcy because of her.  I urge all of you to think twice before taking in a parent of this age!!  The only reason she is here is because she WON'T PAY to go to a seniors' home!In my effort to do the right thing and be a good daughter I took her in but now I'm paying a huge price for it!!Delilah6 weeks ago Hey Leah, did your mother not give birth to you, feed you, put clothes on you, etc?She's old. Her cognitive function is deteriorating. She is basically turning into a child (as the hub says).Did she charge you for rent, food, clothing when you were a child? Do you charge your own children that?Well I don't know your situation or your past relationship with your parents.  And maybe I am too traditional in thinking that one's elderly parents deserve respect from their children no matter how nasty they are. But anyways... just saying.Sheila Smith9 days ago Delilah,  Have you lived through what Leah is going through?Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites98Marye AudetFrom Lancaster2949 Followers604 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by Marye AudetContact Marye AudetFollow Marye AudetSubscribe to Marye Audet's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Marye Audet a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhat services do you provide your aging parents: cleaning, meals... other?asked by Storytellersrus 9 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionare there any single parent loans that helps with military schools.asked by yvette wright 7 weeks ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsCaring For An Elderly Parent at Homeby Marye AudetWhen Your Mom is Elderlyby stephhicks68Being Estranged From A Parent - Estrangement From My Momby Shil1978Day care and elder care: How could bringing these two...by Alicia CrowderAging, Senior Citizens, Elderly Parents and Driving a Car:...by World-TravelerSigns of Bad Parentingby Anamika S Parenting Skills, Styles and Advice ForumTopicRepliesWhen did you allow your child to have a bath alone?posted by L a d y f a c e7What resources do you use to educate your toddlers?posted by Quilligrapher8Dealing With an Explosive Childposted by TammyHammett21Post a new topic57 more topics Tagsfamily parents aging nursing home caretaker elderly parents Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.155 sec)  working