Jobs For 17 Year OldsHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingTeensJob Hunting for TeensJobs For 17 Year OldsJobs For 17 Year Olds88rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Jason JacksonWhen you set out to find a job this year, where do you go if you are a teen or a 17 year old looking for work? Jobs for 17 year olds may be harder to find than usual because of the economy but that doesn't mean you shouldn't look. A good place to start your search is the online job site SnagAJob.com. They specialize in hourly jobs and part time jobs which are what most 17 year olds are looking for. You can search by your zip code and find all the employers that are looking for workers. The types of companies that use SnagAJob to find employees are retail stores, fast food restaurants, and other places that typically have hourly positions. So, if you want to work this summer in a mall, bowling alley, movie theater, or fast food outlet, go to SnagAJob to see if you can find something. SnagAJob.com specializes in part time jobs and hourly jobs This is the best online job source for older teens:SnagAJob.com - (FREE) You can start your job search at SnagAJob but please don't sign up unless you are serious about finding a job. Lots of teenagers really need jobs right now and they only want people who are serious to sign up.Monster.com  (Also FREE) You can look for jobs at either one of those sites. Many employers find their new hires online so it is best if you have a resume and submit it there. To give yourself the absolute best chance of finding a job, you should be searching both online and offline. Going to your local mall and asking around for jobs is a great start but it might not be enough this summer with the lack of jobs. So, since most employers are online and look for good candidates online, signing up with a job site like SnagAJob.com is a smart choice.What Kind of Jobs Are 17 Year Olds Allowed To Do?The good news is that 17 year olds are allowed to do a lot more types of jobs than say 14 or 15 year olds. When you are younger, not only are their restrictions on the hours you are able to work but also the types of jobs you can get. This is understandable because we, as a society, don't want our children to be doing jobs that are dangerous or working too many ours. The only restrictions for 17 year olds are the types of jobs you can get. Jobs for 17 year olds can be anything that are not hazardous and obviously nothing that you have to be 18 or 21 to do. For instance, a 17 year old would not be able to get a mining job, a roofing job, or any other job that has been classified as hazardous. Also, 17 year olds would not be able to work in a bar or strip club as you have to be 18 or 21 for that. Time To Create Your Own JobsJobs might be hard to find this summer and for the rest of the year. This means that 17 year olds, if they can't get hired for a real job, might have to think of alternate ways to make money this summer. Enterprising teens will be able to tap into their abilities and strenghts to find things that they are good at the people might be willing to pay for. For instance, many 17 year olds have had computer classes in school and have spent much of their lives online. If a teen that is good with computers can build websites and other things like that, they might be able to design and build websites and sell them. Alternatively, if you are good at fixing things you might be able to make some money by solving Internet and computer problems for older people that don't have a clue. _____________________________________________________________You can make money online if you avoid the scams. I have made thousands of dollars at a site called CashCrate and you can see my check and video proof by clicking the link.This is not a job but just a way to make some very real money in your spare time. If you are 17 years old you have pretty much grown up with computers so you should know that there is lots of opportunities online to make money. CashCrate is one of the good ones that isn't a scam.______________________________________________________________Other skills you might have are tutoring skills and teaching skills. Smart 17 year olds might be able to offer their survices in their neighborhood to other kids who need help with school. Of course you would have to get the parents to pay for it. If you have a skill, is it something you might be able to turn into money? This will mean that you will have to go out and market yourself and find "clients" but it is something you might be able to do successfully. If you can't get hired for a "real job" because there just aren't enough of them out there, perhaps this is your chance to take another road and find a different plan of action. You can also wash cars, rake leaves, pet sit, babysit, cut grass, maintain gardens and lawns and all sorts of other things that people might be willing to pay for. Good luck!Have You Found A Job This Summer Yet? Yes, I found a job right away Yes, I FINALLY found a job No, I can't find one anywhereSee results without votingvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (5)Funny (2)Awesome (3)Beautiful (2)CommentsLady_E19 months ago Sound advice.Ashley Joy18 months ago My daughter's boyfriend has had no luck so he is going the route of creating his own work. So far it is ok. He is getting mostly rural work helping farmers with hay but they pay too.RGraf18 months ago It's hard for anyone to find jobs.  So many around us cannot because older adults are claiming them.  Many are mowing lawns.Uriel18 months ago well this is a very good hub....i found a job this summer teaching a couple of young kids english as a secong anguage (grade 3 and 4)...and i might even work at a store or something...Jobs raise responsibility :Dllanishen18 months ago 17 year olds should be studying not looking for a job.Jay18 months ago Im 17 years old and have been looking for a job for a while now. I actually graduated when i was 16 back in July of 2008 and here I am now almost a year later and no luck. Its actually hard to find a good, decent job. Even though im finished with school and can work any hours I continue to have no luck. I would really love to have a job and start being more independent.Erick Smart18 months ago Right now the traditional teen jobs do not seem to be there. But many are being resourceful and coming up with their own.Stephanie18 months ago I wanna get a job I don't really want to go to collegeRhymeyjohn18 months ago I'll try some of the ideas you put foward.I'll be happy it works for mePaige18 months ago jobs these days are to hard to find.im trying to help my boyfriend find one..but there is barely anything.:(blueraven618 months ago Why oh why don't people consider the life of a private contractor "A Real Job?"Culturally, we need to rethink this definition.This blog was very well done! Terrific insights.Noelle16 months ago jobs for teens are nearly impossible in my city. the 3 largest companies have laid of a ton of workers, so not only are we competing with college students, but now we're up against Boeing, Starbucks, & Microsoft ex-employees. =(alwaysabridesmaid16 months ago Great info..Thanks!Egiftscreations16 months ago Great hub!! thank you.Jobs for teenagers16 months ago I wonder whether 17 year olds teenagers are still willing to fill in online survey.ricardo 15 months ago i think is hard to get a job in houston for a 17 year oldbet i'll keep looking.stephanie14 months ago 17 year olds should get a job because you get your own money and do your own thing.Also its a responsible thing to do.joshua collins14 months ago I don't no how to get a job.At this time pess help me outif you get a job that needdoing pess till me.Etho13 months ago this is a great hub. some great advicethannks, now just to find a job :)Alberto13 months ago I can't get anything at all. I have tried snaga a job every day and I have tried to creat my own work but I had to quit because nobody will allow to me to do any of their house work. Right now I am collecting bottles and cans but I am getting embarassed like hell digging into trash cand and recycle bins. I am really pissed.Linda13 months ago I'm 17 terning 18 soon i have ben looking for a job for like 2 years.. the most i can get is baby sitting for friends and im planing on getting a place of my own wen i tern 18 but i cant do that without a job..Alexander Hernandez12 months ago i have been looking for a job for 3 months now and i dont look for jobs on the internet at all like most lazy-asses in this country. i have been looking for a job in cities around were i live, walking into stores, restaurants, etc..., filling out applications while that day i have been walking miles and talking buses from 6, 7 or 8am to 5 or 6pm. And that i do on weekends and on school breaks i do it every day. And no one has given me a job. and i fucking tired of this bullshit.Jason Jackson12 months ago Well Alexander, maybe you should start looking online as that is where all the employers are looking now.Sophia Genorita12 months ago I have been looking for a job for like a year and a half and I havent been able to find one anywhere.... I need a job sooo bad!!!!! and im 17, and i want to be a doctor..and as we all know med school is not cheep... HELP ME!!!!Andrew11 months ago Myslef and my friend got fed up tryin to find work, so we did a business course, and made our own business. We now make more money than wed be payed in a shift job!davian11 months ago i kant never find a jobjosh11 months ago i took a pluming course and passed first time i studied really hard but now that im looking for job i cant find anything i even have a years experience and still cant find anything i need help lolJason Jackson10 months ago Devian,You probably can't find a job because you can't spell and have incorrect grammar as well.Vanessa 10 months ago hey anybody thats old enough to work should be looking cause I no my mom needs some help paying the billsTAmara finley7 months ago i neeed a job!!!!i hate askin my mom for cash!!!Need a job!!!7 months ago I'M 17 and I just applied for a job for bath and body works, I know I might not get it b/c you need to be 18, but I tried. I can't even work at petsmart, b/c you also need to be 18. This sucks. I just applied at Borders bookstore so I hope it works out. But I tutored one of my moms best friends, because she was going back to school. She paid me 20 dollars everytime, for something that is easy to me. Yet, I still need a regular job for the summer before college starts.christine6 months ago i need work im 17 years old plsss help mehmike6 months ago my dad WON'T get me a job because he is stupid! my dad is lying to me! my dad forbids my ass to get on a 17 year old job! have any ideas how to get rid of my dad?!!!amanda5 months ago im tired of my parents bitching at me i need a job asap someone please help meAnon Love. 5 months ago I'm 17 and stuck at home without any transportation, no bus, no taxi, etc. and I've been looking for an online job. CashCrate seems like an easy thing but is it really as good as it's made out to be? I'm very cautious about online scams.I thought about selling mark. make-up (meetmark.com), but at only 30% commission I would have to sell about $170 a month to make $50. No such luck.I'm very intelligent - I'm a senior in high school and have never made lower than a 95 on a report card, have always taken honour classes, have a 4.0 GPA, Honour Roll student all my life, and have already started taking college classes. Tutoring would be easy, but I don't know how to get the word out, and I don't have a way to get to people. I'm stuck, and I have to find a job, and soon.T.O.S5 months ago Yeah fuck you llanishen! IDGARA about STUDYING DURING THE SUMMER MONTHS!!!! I'd rather be working making money so I can STUDY more DURING SCHOOL! Also how do you expect us to afford higher schooling if our parents aren't pricks that pay for everything?I've been looking for a job for well over a year and I still have not found a single job. I had a job at DQ but was laid off during the winter months due to lack of customers. I've applied at every retail store pretty much that I possibly can. Oh, and the whole EOE thing is complete BS If they were equal opportunity employers then they wouldn't say are you between the ages of 18 and 70 on the application, or ask what their race is. Hell, I am half tempted to put down that I am black or asian so then if they don't hire me I'd just report them to the BBB/EEOC.gov and say they discriminated against me due to race and age. See if that would wake them up. I need a job but all I can do is mow one neighbors lawn during the summer months and I get paid $30/time and in the winter clean off 2 neighbors driveways for 25-30/per time/per person. Also my parents don't really want me to work at mcdonalds so that makes it even more difficult.laura5 months ago I think that all 17 year olds should focus on there studying during the day and perhaps get a night job or a weekend job so that they have got time to rest and study at the same time because the fact of the whole matter is that if they wanna earn a little bit of cash then thats there only option, if they get money from college then some of them have to pay board to stay at home so a job would help them with that, well thats my opinion anyway.Dan4 months ago "17 year olds should be studying not looking for a job."Studying for what exactly? To become an engineer or a doctor? If you think that a society can survive without a working class, then I don't think you are in the position to these kinds of remarks.christina4 months ago Im 17 im 18 in 2 weeks. My daughter is 15 months old and I have been looking for a job since I was 6 months pregnant. I cant find one anywhere. WTHName4 months ago Advice: I was in the same mindset as all of you, "I can't find a job, they're not hiring, all the laid off adults are getting the jobs, etc." First off, change your perspective. It's not that hard.First, I would personally walk in and apply. Even if all you have done is babysat or shoveled some driveways, put that as work experience and include them as references. Showing a little bit of responsibility is better than none at all. Also, describe what you did that made the job difficult, don't just put "babysat a 2 year old and 3 year old."Second, ask to speak to a manager when turning in an application. (P.S. be dressed professionally and don't come in with friends or family, show you're independent.) Simply tell the manager you're looking for a job and would really like it if he could take a look at your application. Smile! The manager will remember you for that.Third, follow up! Turning in an application is not enough. Show initiative. Call the business about 3-5 days after turning in the application, ask to speak to the manager, and simply ask if they have checked the applications. Keep calling every 3-5 days until they do. It may seem pesky, but the worst they can say is no.Lastly, if none of this works, then keep trying! Times are tough, and not all places are hiring, but trust me, if you apply at at least 3 places a day, and follow up, you will have a job within 2 months AT MOST.Just remember: Finding a job is tough work, and is definitely degrading, but it will be worth it in the long run. And with more work experience it becomes easier to find a second or third job. Good luck!do not worry2 weeks ago Youth that want to get somewhere in life doing positive things have no chance thanks to the government and those who are managers in shops...shameful that we all have to depend on other people in terms of our financial status...youth should rebelSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesJobs For 17 Year Olds in the NewsJobs growth may pick up, but not by that muchMSNBC3 days agoEmployers have recorded 11 consecutive months of job gains, yet the number of people who are so discouraged that they have given up searching for work stands at an all-time high.The Young & Determined: 18-34 Year Olds Twice as Likely as Parents to Want to Improve Financial Behavior in 2011PRWeb4 days agoSaving Money and Better Managing Finances Top Priority Among Americans Overall; According to New Poll by Chase Card Services and U.S. News & World Report (PRWeb January 05, 2011) Read the full story at http://www.prweb.com/releases/2011/01/prweb4943654.htmHow we can get Britain's wasted talent workingIndependent18 hours agoBritain's top businessmen today warn that a generation of youngsters will be lost to unemployment without urgent action to help them into work, training or education.Jobs For 14 Year OldsJobs for 15 Year OldsAll the best jobs for 15 year olds and jobs for teenagers can be found right here!Jobs For 16 Year OldsWhere to find all the best jobs for 16 year olds68Jason Jackson16 Followers8 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Jason JacksonFollow Jason JacksonSubscribe to Jason Jackson's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Jason Jackson a question based on this Hub.Questions Asked on this HubWhere in Houston TX can a seventeen year old female get a job, to pay for  graduation spendings...asked by patty1993 2 weeks ago0 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsJobs for 14 or 15 year oldsby Best AuthorBest gifts for 13 year old girlsby Lou1842Teen Advice For Responsible Parentsby Write On!Fun things for teenagers and teens to doby katiem2The Dangers of Teen Drinkingby Stacie NaczelnikTeenage Jobs Guideby GarfieldGates Teens ForumTopicRepliesWhere Are Our Examplesposted by soldout10Christmas Giftposted by davidwillium2Serious Question not meant to be insulting....But.....posted by Stimp25Post a new topic14 more topics Tagsjobs for teens jobs for teenagers jobs for 17 year olds part time jobs for 17 year olds good jobs for 17 year olds best jobs for 17 year olds Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.205 sec)  working