Golden-Voiced Homeless Man Captivates Internet // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 216Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 39Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 78Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 11more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 04, 2011| 67 commentsGolden-Voiced Homeless Man Captivates Internetsource: http://new.music.yahoo.com/blogs/amplifier/51933/golden-voiced-homeless-man-captivates-inter...An error occurred while setting up video display.MotherForTruth added thisThis clip speaks for itself -- literally. The Columbus Dispatch discovered a homeless man along Ohio's I-71 claiming to have "the God-given gift of voice." His name is Ted Williams, and he's an ex-radio announcer according to the note he scrawled on a piece of cardboard that he uses to solicit change from drivers. And wow, does Williams ever deliver for a dollar. Williams tells the Dispatch about his struggles, but thankfully "alcohol and drugs and a few other things" haven't diminished Williams' velvety vocal cords, and he says he's two years clean now."I have a god given gift of voice. I'm an ex-radio announcer who has fallen on hard times. Please! Any help will be greatfully appreciated. Thank you and God bless. Happy holidays," says Williams' roadside sign for help.Like Williams, the radio industry has fallen on hard times in the past decade, but given the viral power of this video, we expect more than a few morning show and late-night appearances, and perhaps even a job, will be in Williams' near future. In fact, Reddit reports that Ted has already been tracked down by Columbus area radio show The Morning Zoo and will appear on tomorrow morning's show, so tune in!http://new.music.yahoo.com/blogs/amplifier/51933/golden-voiced-homeless-man-capt... groups:News, Videos, The Human Potential tags:Men,Homeless,Voice recommended by:Vierotchka |67 comments// Golden-Voiced Homeless Man Captivates Internet // Videohide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0damushHaving been homeless, I know first hand what it means to be thankful. No if I can break into the radio market like that, I'd be happy too instead of being stymied by the rule of the land called Hollywood! 4 days agoflag  reply0Agent_AlphaHe sounds like Trevor from Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. Great voice.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQwUslrvKnA 4 days agoflag  reply0cantucwearebrothersI saw this run tonight in the news program w/ Katie Couric. The cut who shot the video said he'd done so many weeks ago and only pulled it out now because it was a slow news night. Some luck! 4 days agoflag  reply+7pjacobs51CBS interview . . . 4 days agoflag  reply+2keithponder  pjacobs51:good for you brother..... 4 days agoflag  reply0MotherForTruth  pjacobs51:WOW this drought teer to my eyes. Great interview. I hope this story helps change public opinion of homelessness. 3 days agoflag  reply+2MotherForTruthLove to hear all great comments and wishes for Ted Williams. We all like to hear good news just imagine how wonderful the world would be if each and everyone of us would send a great wish to one other person everyday. 4 days agoflag  reply0pjacobs51  MotherForTruth:"Pay it forward" . . . as they say! 4 days agoflag  reply+1artandcreaturesHe's got what it takes!  Ted- when you get the recognition you deserve, be  wary of those charming, warm characters who have those seductive vices you broke away from. You've travelled that road. Better things to come!! 4 days agoflag  reply0ayipisokay i congratulate the guy and, I hope he deals with his "demons" so he can keep his job. 4 days agoflag  reply+1unimatrix0  ayipis:Okay, I congratulate ayipis, for once his comment is not vile, bitter hate speech. Maybe there is hope for this ugly troll, but I seriously doubt it.Ayipis is one of the most despised and despicable members of the Current community, and he seems quite proud of his moral and intellectual corruption.Indeed, ayipis is not really a community member at all, just a howling impotent beast of rage and frustration, a maladjusted worm worthy only of contempt and disgust, an intellectual cock roach spreading disease and filth. 4 days agoflag  reply+2KSirys  unimatrix0:that's the way you congratulate people? lol... 4 days agoflag  reply0BenPerlis  unimatrix0:I appreciate the current community seeing the user names of people's accounts repeatedly in comments. its very opposite of youtube. most people do have good things to say with useful information. Just my take on current. 4 days agoflag  reply+4KSirysESPN has picked up the story as well...http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/news/story?id=5991313CLEVELAND -- With a deep, refined voice, one that had been sadly misplaced, Ted Williams simply asked for help to get him off the streets.He's been heard.Left homeless after his life and career were ruined by drugs and alcohol, Williams has been offered a job by the NBA's Cleveland Cavaliers and is being pursued by NFL Films for possible work after he and his compelling tale became an online curiosity. 4 days agoflag  reply+1SageRockandRoll  KSirys:HAHAHA YYYYEEESSSS!!!! 4 days agoflag  reply0MotherForTruth  KSirys:Great news! Thanks. 4 days agoflag  reply0pjacobs51  KSirys:Awesome!He does have that "sportscaster" type voice. 4 days agoflag  reply+1KSirysAs evidenced by Williams' new haircut, what a difference a day makes. A mere 24 hours after the video went viral, Williams says he's already been offered a bunch of employment opportunities, including one that's a Ohio citizen's dream job. "The Cleveland Cavaliers just offered me a full-time job and a house," Williams revealed. The Cavs will reportedly have to compete against MTV, the NFL and likely countless more suitors for Williams' services.While Williams' sudden and lucky twist of fate could bring any man to tears, he gets most choked up when discussing how an invitation to do the gamut of TV shows in New York has opened the door for him to visit his 92-year-old mother in Brooklyn for the first time in years. "One of my biggest prayers that I sent out was that she would live long enough to see me rebound," Williams said. "There's so many words. I've already been compared to Susan Boyle... I'm just so happy."more great news... http://new.music.yahoo.com/blogs/amplifier/51933/golden-voiced-homeless-man-capt... 4 days agoflag  reply+1keithponderhttp://www.foxnews.com/sports/2011/01/05/cavaliers-offer-homeless-radio-man-job-... Dude has officially been offered a job by the NBA Cleveland Cavaliers. His job description has yet to be defined. Congratulations Ted. Best of Wishes on a second chance in life. 4 days agoflag  reply+2Vierotchka4,561,566 hits as I write! Here is the latest update:UPDATE-FINAL: Well everyone. You can give yourselves and Ted a high-five. He's being given offers hand-over-fist over the air. He'll be set for life.My request to all. Whenever you run across a story such as this, don't assume it'll take a life of its own, on its own. It won't. It can't. There are too many other stories that drown out the one before it.You need to spend time to get that story and its word out to many. If you care, you'll do it.Keep the faith, pay forward and always lend a hand; even if you're the one who needs it.God bless Mr. Williams. I'm sure we'll be seeing more of him for sometime to come. 4 days agoflag  reply+2gepma44There are many many talented individuals out there who share similar talents hopefully he can reach back and help others from similar backgrounds 4 days agoflag  reply+2DanniStClaireIt is true that you should never judge a book by its cover.  Yesterday my husband cleaned out his closet, and instead of throwing the jackets away, I stopped by on my way to work (Army Reserves) and left a few bags of jackets for some gentlemen that were sleeping there.  I know that what I did may not be the best thing to ever happen to them, but I hope that it showed them that someone cares.  I almost ended up exactly where they are now, just a few years ago.  So I understand all too well the pain that they are going through.  I hope this gentleman, ted, is given a second chance.  Everyone makes mistakes.  We, as humans, are plastic.  We can be melted down to very little and then molded into something stronger, and more resilient. Way to go Ted! I wish you all the best. 4 days agoflag  reply+3EtVoilaChocolate for the ears!! 4 days agoflag  reply-6ayipisagain..a lot of people are not getting the whole idea behind the story..I hope he can eat and live of "wishes and kisses"....because that is ALL he is going to get from these current crowd.....LOLDONT SMOKE DOPE......... 5 days agoflag  reply+3Vierotchka  ayipis:Rest assured, I wouldn't dream of smoking you! 4 days agoflag  reply+3SageRockandRoll  ayipis:Go ahead and eat your words. He got a job out of this being posted on the net. 4 days agoflag  reply+3lookatmypixVery talented. I wish him the best! 5 days agoflag  reply+1Daena_SmithAmazing voice, amazing talent..wish him the best! 5 days agoflag  reply+1sffsmessiahhope is a bitch. good luck 5 days agoflag  reply+7evertrei'm sure he will get a job now 5 days agoflag  reply0maryol  evertre:yeah! It would be great to one day soon hear this man on the radio. 4 days agoflag  reply-15ayipisalcohol and drugs......hummmmmmmmmmmmmmmi should save this link...in case someone in current  tries to PROMOTE DRUG AND ALCOHOL USE..*wink* 5 days agoflag  reply+12s_peak  ayipis:That's funny. I save your posts as prime examples of why TO DO drugs. Keep up the good work. :D 5 days agoflag  reply+11Vierotchka  s_peak:And I save them to show kids how drug and alcohol use damages the brains... 5 days agoflag  reply+6coolplanet  ayipis:WHY do you always have to be SUCH a downer?How much do you get paid for doing this?I suspect that you even vote yourself down. 5 days agoflag  reply+1navider  ayipis:Sounds like Glen Beck's background!A recovering drug addict alcoholic anyone? 5 days agoflag  reply+7onemalefla  ayipis:1 5 days agoflag  reply-1ayipis  coolplanet:what did i say that i such a downer??trying to stop people from making the same mistake as this guy is a downer?? I dont think you UNDERSTAND the message he is trying to say here..again..your mind is somewhere else LOL..drugs or alcohol? 5 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  s_peak:LOL..i hope you have "the God-given gift of voice." as your plan B.....*wink* 5 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  onemalefla:wow!!! you believe in GOD? 5 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  navider:nah..just a regular boring citizen sick and tired of doped up idiots calling me fascists for not supporting their FAILED life with welfare tax money..LOL 5 days agoflag  reply0s_peak  onemalefla:Hah! 4 days agoflag  reply0s_peak  ayipis:Oh my voice is horrible. Plan B is a wash. I'm keeping my fingers crossed for plan A :P 4 days agoflag  reply+4bailey78HOLY SHIT !!!!! Somebody give that Man a job. 5 days agoflag  reply+4CalgarCjesus thats awesome... 5 days agoflag  reply+6eden49...fantastic...I wish him all the luck in the world, but he won't need it with that magic voicebox... 5 days agoflag  reply+5vicgalif anyone can get the word out Keith Olbermann mentioned him on his show tonight... maybe that will help. 5 days agoflag  reply+8VierotchkaTheater of Mind - I like that!I would not be one bit surprised to learn that he also has a great singing voice and can sing a mean blues... 5 days agoflag  reply+2coolplanet  Vierotchka:I was thinking the exact same thing watching him.He should try out for America's Got Talent! 5 days agoflag  reply+2Radical_Centrist  Vierotchka:Personally I would love to hear him sing Una furtiva lagrima. 5 days agoflag  reply+1Vierotchka  Radical_Centrist:He does have a baritone voice. I don't know if he is into classical music and opera, though. 5 days agoflag  reply0SageRockandRoll  Vierotchka:thought the same thing about his singing voice 4 days agoflag  reply+11pjacobs51Hope this guy lands a job with this video going viral, 130,000 views in 1 day.From the YouTube post:UPDATE: To all those who have been writing me (as one of Ted's only means of contact), I have learned that the radio station interviewing him tomorrow (1-5-11) a.m. is going to make him a formal offer. Whether true or not, we'll see. 5 days agoflag  reply+4Vierotchka  pjacobs51:Over 360,000 views already, and here is the full update:Throwing this video from the Columbus Dispatch out there, hoping we can find this talent a place to call home.UPDATE-1: Many thanks go out to all of you who have been tossing phone numbers and e-mails my way for Ted's sake. I went up to Hudson/I-71 (Columbus) today, but Ted wasn't there. He is going to be on air tomorrow morning on radio station WNCI. I've left my contact info w/WNCI to call/e-mail me on a way to get your enormous opportunities over to him.I'm going to give him a Trac phone (w/ample minutes) so that he can return calls to all of you.Hopefully, in some way I'll get in contact w/him. Peace.UPDATE-2: To all those who have been writing me (as one of Ted's only means of contact), I have learned that the radio station interviewing him tomorrow (1-5-11) a.m. is going to make him a formal offer. Whether true or not, we'll see.Hope it works out well for him. That was the whole point of me posting this video. I cannot thank enough everyone who was willing to do their part in offering Ted their helping hand.Whoever lands him is certainly getting much more than a memorable personality; they're getting a great human being as part of their team.My best to all. 5 days agoflag  reply+8jubalHe really does have an amazing voice. 5 days agoflag  reply+4cantucwearebrothersI really was looking for signs of editing.  Wow...Good luck to him. 5 days agoflag  reply+5KSiryslol.. i was about to post this and current said it was already here!  great post MFT!!  This guy has an amazing voice!!! 5 days agoflag  reply+5MotherForTruth  KSirys:He sure does have a great voice. I would hire him if I was in the position. 5 days agoflag  reply+6Incredulousanother home run MfT.  Great post, thanks for sharing this! 5 days agoflag  reply+6MotherForTruth  Incredulous:Thank you for reading and commenting on stories that touch my heart. 5 days agoflag  reply+5MotherForTruthSpread the word maybe someone will help this man. 5 days agoflag  reply+6ProgresshivWonderful posting.  Voted up! 5 days agoflag  reply+9kennymotownMan that guy has a great voice! Somebody give him a job, he could at least replace that hack Lintballs! 5 days agoflag  reply+3pjacobs51  kennymotown:Hey Kenny . . . get some tips from this Mr. Williams for your CNR news report! 5 days agoflag  reply+3kennymotown  pjacobs51:Yes this guy is good! 5 days agoflag  reply+8keithponderDude deserves a shot. I truly hopes that he gets a second chance in life. 5 days agoflag  reply+2artemis6  keithponder:A beautiful voice  like that should be heard . He should get another chance . 5 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Tron-ify Everything !!!! Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS see all new stories videos on current tvThe Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowDinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  12 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  16 minutes agoWe're all Americans whatever our political persuasion.  We should all be alarmed by any infringement of our rights. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  28 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog