Exercise Your Brain To Improve Concentration And MemoryHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHealthExercise and FitnessBenefits of ExerciseExercise Your Brain To Improve Concentration And MemoryExercise Your Brain To Improve Concentration And Memory88rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Purple PerlGames That Improve Brain Function Rubiks CubeCrossword PuzzlesChessHealthy Mind In A Healthy BodyMental health is as important, if not more, as one's physical health. Whatever be your age,a human brain needs to be exercised regularly in order to improve upon one's concentration , memory and IQ which subsequently pays off in your grades at school, your job preferences, and your career. It is common knowledge that people who cross thirty, find that they forget things and this keeps increasing with age. Excessive stress levels and obesity also contribute to a decreased brain power. Those who cross fifty and sixty see a significant loss of brain functions. It is therefore imperative that everyone becomes aware of the necessity of boosting BRAIN POWER. The quality of life is significantly improved once your mental health is in top condition.What Is The Brain ?The human brain is essentially the boss of the body. It is the centre of the human nervous system, and consists of a network of nervous tissue connecting all parts of the body. Hence ,the brain is also a complex organ,very important for the proper functioning of an individual. It helps us to think, imagine, speak, plan, engage in several activities and continues to function even when we are asleep, making sure that all other organs in the body do their job. Some of them are below:Regulates the body temperature, blood pressure, heart rate and breathing.Handles physical motion such a walking, talking, sitting or standing.Accepts and processes information got from hearing, seeing, tasting, smelling, touching,etc.Lets us think, reason, dream and experience emotions.Yes, it is the SUPER BRAIN !Now, you understand why it is absolutely important for you and me to look after our brains and exercise it just as we would our whole body. It follows that the more you use a muscle, it is easy to flex it. Similarly, the more you exercise and use your brain you are bound to enjoy your life that much more and will delay the onset of ageing ,and if you are regular at it, you will see the benefits of having memory, concentration and sight, hearing until you die. Diseases such as Alzeimer's and Parkinsons need not be feared with approaching age.Did You Know?It is common knowledge that your brain is on the decline with advancement in age but did you know that women become more forgetful with every successive pregnancy ?Rubik's CubeAmazon Price: $7.31List Price: $12.99Rubik's Cube Brain Teaser Puzzle with Helpful HintsAmazon Price: $7.49List Price: $11.99Rubik's Cube 4x4Amazon Price: $13.00List Price: $21.99Assorted Sudoku Puzzles for Kindle, Vol. 2 - 50 interactive puzzles! (Sudoku for Kindle)Amazon Price: $3.99Will Shortz Presents The Little Black Book of Sudoku: 400 Puzzles (Will Shortz Presents...)Amazon Price: $8.88List Price: $14.95Easy Sudoku Puzzles for Kindle, Vol. 1 (Sudoku for Kindle)Amazon Price: $0.99Difficult Sudoku Puzzles for Kindle, Vol. 1 (Sudoku for Kindle)Amazon Price: $1.49Assorted Sudoku Puzzles for Kindle, Vol. 1 (Sudoku for Kindle)Amazon Price: $1.99Will Shortz Presents Ferocious Sudoku: 200 Hard PuzzlesAmazon Price: $2.93List Price: $7.99Illuminated Mega Sudoku Puzzle GameAmazon Price: $26.99List Price: $19.99Crosswords for Kindle, Vol. 1Amazon Price: $0.99The New York Times Supersized Book of Sunday Crosswords: 500 Puzzles (New York Times Crossword Puzzles)Amazon Price: $10.64List Price: $18.99New York Times Crosswords for Your Coffee Break: Light and Easy PuzzlesAmazon Price: $4.42List Price: $7.95Simon and Schuster Super Crossword Puzzle Book #13: The Biggest and the Best (Simon and Schuster's Super Crossword Puzzle Books)Amazon Price: $6.46List Price: $12.95The Simple Book of Not-So-Simple PuzzlesAmazon Price: $17.53List Price: $19.95Easy Crosswords for Kindle, Vol 1Amazon Price: $0.99The New York Times Ultimate Crossword Omnibus: 1,001 Puzzles from The New York TimesAmazon Price: $11.18List Price: $19.95The Big Book of Brain Games: 1,000 PlayThinks of Art, Mathematics & ScienceAmazon Price: $10.55List Price: $22.95KanoodleAmazon Price: $8.57List Price: $10.99Brain Games #1: Lower Your Brain Age in Minutes a Day (Brain Games (Numbered))Amazon Price: $6.49List Price: $9.98The Total Brain WorkoutAmazon Price: $10.13List Price: $16.95ThinkFun Gordians KnotAmazon Price: $8.31List Price: $11.99Brain Age: Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day!Amazon Price: $13.99List Price: $19.99Brain Games #3: Lower Your Brain Age in Minutes a Day (Brain Games (Unnumbered))Amazon Price: $6.65List Price: $9.98STEPS TO BOOST YOUR BRAIN POWER !!!Yes, it is possible for you to increase your brain power. You will end up with a sharper and stronger brain eventually if you follow a few simple rules regularly making a habit of each one .Be stressfree for your brain to function properly.Breathe deeply and exhale increasing blood flow to the brain.Chew gum for atleast three minutes before any meeting or exam.Listen to soft music often to relieve stress.Workout regularly, for physical exercise release endorphins in the brain. It has been established that walking rather than strength training and cardio exercises boosts brain power. Even among those in their sixties and seventies, who have been couch potatoes for more than 10 years.Start your day right with a healthy breakfast, including eggs, low fat dairy and whole cereal. Never skip this important meal of the day.Eat the right brain boosting power foods such as flaxseeds, walnuts, and fish that contain omega3 fatty acids. Consume atleast 5 servings of fresh seasonal fruits and vegetables everyday, including all colours and green leafy vegetables,particularly spinach,that is rich in folic acid. These are rich in antioxidants which are important to perk up the immune system.Avoid rich and fatty foods, nicotine, alcohol that clog up the nervous system. Maintain normal weight at all times. Go on weight loss diet if necessary.Learn a new language. Practice with a friend. Learning new things grows new tissue and establishes new connections in the brain.Use your fingers to do things as the nerve endings at the tips of fingers are activated giving the brain a workout. Play a musical instrument, knit, crochet, embroider, cross stitch. Bake often where you knead the dough and roll out. Find something you have a passion for. Sing a song,learn new ones with lyrics.Listen to Mozart. Children that learn to play music or sing, were found to be more intelligent.Talk meaningfully engaging in gainful conversation with people. Talk to motivate yourself as well. Talk to imaginary characters. Make a habit of asking questions,even if it is to yourself.Laugh more often. Watch a funny movie. I know of several who like to unwind watching a comedy or a couple of Tom and Jerry cartoons ! It immediately lifts your mood and relaxes your whole self.Use your non-dominant hand to do simple tasks everyday. Brush your teeth, eat with your left hand if you are right handed. This is known to produce excellent results. It is an established fact that some prominent personalities from history used both their hands to write and made remarkable contributions to the world.Solve crossword puzzles, sudoku, rubiks cube or play a game of chess or checkers with a friend. These provide mental exercises that can be at once engaging, challenging and fun.Memorize often called phone numbers, solve mathematical problems without the use of calculator or computer. Remember birthdays and anniversaries without the calender.Whatever exercise you choose, be consistent and engage in the same activity at the same time every day for excellent results.You can improve your concentration and memory by self massage. Right at the base of the skull in the back of the neck are located two acupressure points. Place your crossed hands behind your head with your thumbs at the sides of the neck. Next, lean your head backwards and rest it against the pressure formed by the thumbs and the index fingers. Breathe slowly taking deep breaths and exhale through the mouth. Let your whole body relax as you do this massage. Continue for about five minutes. it will improve blood circulation to the neck and relax the neck muscles.Yoga and meditation calms the mind and improves brain functions.Correct any postural defects as this can interfere with your overall mental and physical health. This applies to both sitting and standing.Never waste time and always engage in good thinking that is productive.Did you know that writing gives a boost to your brain power ? Now, you can engage in gainful writing for Hubpages . Writing down always tells your brain what is important to you and helps you recall when needed. It clarifies your thinking. It enhances your creative and analytical ability. Maintaining diaries, penning poems, journals, story writing are some examples.Children can have an early start eating all the right brain foods. 10 Super Brain Foods For Your Kids will show you how.Our brains have a natural ability to renew and increase capacity improving one's cognitive abilities and of course, memory and concentration. It is only a matter of having the desire to have it and then performing the exercises consistently.GREAT EXPECTATIONS: IMPROVE YOUR BRAIN!My Other Health Hubs You Will Find InterestingMemory Improvement-Smart Tips And Easy TechniquesForgot your Anniversary ? Lost your car keys? Don't know where you left them? Can't find your best friend's address and you need to send her a card before Christmas? Are these sounding familiar? Do you find...Good Nutrition Begins With A Healthy BreakfastPhysical and mental health are dependent on what kind of nutrition one gets from the food choices we make. If we need to be healthy and disease free, optimum nutrition levels are to be maintained by eating...Yoga For Children-Exercise The Mind And Body !What Is Yoga ? Originating from India, Yoga is a form of meditation and exercise for the body. Relaxation and breathing techniques are interspersed with yogasanas or body positions that help one relax. In...Exercise At Your Desk For A Quick WorkoutThe common complaint among professionals is that they are so caught up at work and home that they have little or no time for exercise. Yes, they are well aware that exercising is good for them and helps them...Top 20 Successful Tips On DietingGet the figure you always craved for,and be the envy of all!!!The following guidelines are sure to be an eyeopener and serve as motivation for those looking for a healthy way to diet.No guilt! Don't "Go On...What You Should Know About Female Heart AttacksYour heart is working to keep you enjoying life.But,are you striving to keep your heart healthy?Are you aware of the risk factors you face?Are you making conscious choices towards a healthier lifestyle?How...Diet Changes For Effective Weight LossScientific evidence shows that we are indeed eating three to four times our normal requirement.And so,we have many who are obese.Even children are more obese today than children of yesteryears.So,how do we...Six Super Health Foods For All WomenA woman's nutritional habits determine her life span and also her overall health and well being. A woman needs to care for herself in terms of health, personal hygiene, positive mental outlook, look good,...Penile Implant-Is This The Answer To Erectile DysfunctionA man's love life is directly linked to his erections. Every man often worries that he may not be able to satisfy his woman in bed. So, what is erectile dysfunction and how does one prevent or cope with it? ...Top 5 Junk Food To AvoidWhile on the go or a force of habit,overweight and obese individuals testify that they have had too much of the following junk food.Some resort to these foods everyday or every meal ,sometimes a combination...How To Cut Disease Risk With These 4 Healthy HabitsLongevity in some remote parts of the world is an accepted norm, and researchers love to find out what keeps them disease free as well. No known disease stalks those who live more than a 100 years and they...Healthy Eating With Fruits and VegetablesVegetables and fruits should definitely be part of one's diet,whether you eat meats or not.They are the ones that supply your body of essential vitamins ,minerals and micronutrients that help the smooth...Top 100 Best Foods For Higher ProductivityWhat exactly are antioxidants and how are they important to us? Antioxidants are substances that protect our cells against the effects of free radicals. Free radicals are molecules produced when our bodies...Walk Your Way To Fitness Not Just Weight LossWeight Loss and dieting are the top new year resolutions every year according to surveys around the world. The holidays & Christmas feasting begins to show on one's abs & the quest to find a quick & easy way...How To Calculate Your BMI And Know Whether You Should Go On A Weight Loss DietBody Mass Index or BMI is a measurement of body fat that shows you whether an individual is underweight, normal weight, overweight or obese. The BMI is calculated with a person's height and weight...Acupressure Sandals For Overall HealthDid you know that your feet hold the key to your overall energy and well being? Absolutely! Apart from providing you balance as you walk or run, the feet can be the right place to bring relief to most...Stroke Risk In Women-Causes And PreventionStroke is a No.1 killer of women,and creating awareness is imperative. Before we understand the symptoms of a stroke,let us understand what a stroke is and why it occurs. The brain needs a continual blood...The Dangers Of Using A Red LipstickLipstick is one of the most favoured cosmetic of any woman.Every ladies' handbag if randomly checked will invariably hold a lipstick pouch. Ask a lady to name one cosmetic that she will not miss out on,and...Top Tips For Healthy Weight Loss After PregnancyPregnant women the world over wait for their bundle of joy with anxiety and eagerness. A few days into motherhood and then begins the quest for post partum diets and fitness exercises. Questions that crop up...Herbal Homemade Face Packs For That Radiant Wrinklefree SkinYes, beauty is all about how we present ourselves, well dressed and articulate, be it an interview, a party, your colleagues, or just for your own self esteem. To be confident, it is therefore extremely...10 Super Brain Foods For Your KidsDo you want your kids to do well in school?Do you want them to be good in sports and music as well?It certainly pays to take a look at the daily diet given. Are your children getting proper nutrition and at...Top 10 Herbal Remedies For Dandruff TreatmentAs an Indian homemaker for the past 25 years, I have had immense satisfaction in using herbal home remedies for various illnesses or symptoms of common ailments, for members of my household. These remedies...How To Successfully Manage Weight Loss For An Obese ChildToday, most children and adolescents in the age group 6-19 are in the overweight group and on their way to becoming obese for life, shown by surveys conducted by health and nutrition government agencies....The Correct Way To Eat Fruits For Optimum NutritionFruits, are those bright, juicy natural wonders with a rich supply of nutrient goodness for you and me available according to season and the part of the world one resides in. "An apple a day keeps the doctor...Mind-Body Fitness Programs For People Over 50A Mind-Body Fitness Program is a workout that engages yourwhole being, both your mind and your body. Movements may be slow and controlledor active, but the key is that your mind focuses on your body in ways... - 9 months agoExercise for Kids : Fun and Healthy ActivityI love the way how my daughter's kindergarten teacher tell the kids how to do the exercise, they told the kids (about 3 to 4 years old) to walk on the balance beam, then jump, enter a tunnel, do the tire... - 9 months agoAre Muscles and "Weight Training" OK for Women?In the recent past more women are engaging in weight trainings as a form of fitness. Afterall, all humans need to be fit and healthy to perform properly. Normally men are engaged into weight training more... - 9 months agovote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (4)Funny Awesome Beautiful desiringhealth: Memory Improvement-Smart Tips And Easy Techniquesdesiringhealth: LAUGHTER YOGA-Laughter Is Truly The Best MedicineCommentsethel smith9 months ago Like all things it is a use it or lose it abilityangela_michelle9 months ago I believe in learning one thing new each year, it helps activate the brain. This year it was learning how to do ballet, next year it's piano.Purple Perl9 months ago Yes ethel,the more we use it, the more beneficial.Thanks for sharing your personal experience, angela.midnightbliss9 months ago great lens. i like your tips for brain exercises.Purple Perl9 months ago Glad you liked it,midnightbliss.alexandriaruthk9 months ago nice explanation and good hub, brain exercises are good for all of us!Purple Perl9 months ago Good to see you alexandria.gajendran19759 months ago Thank youCaribeM9 months ago Thanks for a very helpful Hub. In the past months I've been struggling with loss of memory and  concentration due to health problems. I started to create hubs in order to "get my groove" back in terms of some "intellectual" exercise. But is hard regain my 100% mental health in terms of memory and concentration. That bothers me a lot. I think that the tips you offer will help me even more.Thanks again and take care!Purple Perl8 months ago CaribeM, I am glad this hub proved useful to you. Do not lose hope for I have seen excellent improvements in those who truly desire and put the above tips into consistent practice.Wish you all the best.Dmian8 months ago ah the most important muscle can not be seen with the naked eye but you can definitely tell when it is exercised, excellent tips, I will follow your advice, just beginning to write on hubpages and I intend to continue for some time.Purple Perl8 months ago Dmian,glad that these tips will benefit you. And hoping to read and enjoy your hubs.projectmaster8 months ago its true I think I need to train my brain to focus great articleTHE DIVINE YOU.6 months ago Hi, You did a good finishing. Seems we have the same intellectual interests. I think we can collaborate to put forth an inspirational best seller. Please, do access my page.hem5 months ago nice,can you tell another valuable factskai7774 months ago Very useful! thanx.ashleyyoung4 months ago Very informative and equally fantastic resources as well. I too, am a player of brain exercise games, and my favorite would have to be Brain Age in the Nintendo DS. Still playing every once and a while and still looking to beat my best score of 23 (with the highest allowable score as 20. Not bad at all for a busy mom like me. :)mathan428 weeks ago nice hub and nice information...check out my hub on study techniques at http://hubpages.com/t/1b9a20 and give your feedback...tbanks3164 weeks ago I have the worst memory so I can definitely use some of these tips.freehans3 weeks ago Very nice to know about this informative hub. Thanks for this informative article you've shared. Thumbs upluvly4luv3 weeks ago i like ur hub. Lets join hands to help make dis world a better place 4 man kindluvly4luv3 weeks ago nice write up my friend. I love ur work.infact u did justice to to dat.we have to exercise our brain always so as to remain sharp and fit. i hav put together in details,lists of some simple daily exercises to help sharpen our brain. U can find it here  http://hubpages.com/t/1ad112billrobinson2 weeks ago All good information you have here. Thanks for posting.PMS95 days ago Great useful information here,,,,,,, ThanksSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites 98Purple PerlFrom Bangalore,India472 Followers153 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Purple PerlContact Purple PerlFollow Purple PerlSubscribe to Purple Perl's RSS feedAnswers The QuestionHubMob Weekly Topic: Exercise and Fitnessasked by Princessa 10 months ago61 answersAnswer this question Ask a QuestionAsk Purple Perl a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsHow to get back my concentration and memory?asked by CaribeM 9 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionhow do you function when your boss is a doctor and is verbally abusive. My body feels like a...asked by rosadisiervo 9 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsHow to Have a Sharp Mind: Make My Mind Sharp With Memory...by stevemark122000Necessity of Body Exercise to Lead Healthy and Happy Lifeby ratnaveeraEXERCISE CAN CURE A COLD: Prevention to Cure a Common Cold,...by Patty Inglish, MSHow To Improve BRAIN FUNCTIONS and Prevent Memory Loss  by Tatjana-Mihaelamemory loss treatment natural alternative medicineby Research AnalystRole of Human Memory And Intelligence in lifeby Kevin Peter Exercise and Fitness ForumTopicRepliesI hate it when people who are fat are blamed for being FAT!!posted by mer-french4c70Yoga Postures for Shoulder painposted by Moxyl2How much should I Rep for Bench Press next timeposted by David 4703Post a new topic59 more topics Tagshealth exercise fitness memory exercises intelligence Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.155 sec)  working